user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,535230,32720110,Posted: 24 June,all,Trizzdog,"Bought the game on a whim during the Steam Summer Sale, was amazed at how good it was after giving it a solid playthroughGame overviewIn a nutshell, it's a business management game about turning slaves into gladiator champions, and you can play that angle pretty straight. It's not hard to achieve the basic goal of the game and win the championship with common sense choices, but the real meat of the game is taking what you've learned after beating it once and going for the ""true"" ending afterwards... then cranking up the difficulty after you're done that!The important feature of the game, to either let the ai fight for you or take over a slave to fight as, gives this game appeal to different types of players. Fights are fun and varied, plenty of risk to take, and meaningful choices to make make this game a solid title. Hell, there's some ""off-optimal"" choices to make if you want to try goofy strategies.Sound / MusicSounds do their job, but the game has a solid soundtrack. I find music to be important for games to set the mood, and the tracks do their job very well. Hell, I've added a couple of the songs to my own music collection! Well done.GraphicsMight be a turn off for those with ""pixel fatigue"", but they do their job, and are presentable. Most importantly, everything is clear and only becomes a problem in the big melees.GameplayLearning what to do off the bat is a bit of a challenge since the game doesn't hold your hand, but once you got the basics, managing the day to day is pretty straightfoward. Don't run out of resources, don't let your vets die, win as many fights as you can. You can look up a guide if you're having problems, but I recommend learning on your own, and don't be afraid of losing the game.The management part of the game has enough meaningful choices to keep it interesting, though once you settle on on a strategy and know exactly what you want to achieve, it can be a bit of a drudgery. The events keep you from getting bored at least.The battle themselves are simple and aren't paticullarly deep, but it can be fun to jump in as a fighter and go for it. Even better when you know combat tricks and go in as a stock standard slave with no gear and pull up a win anyways!Technical Issues and AsidesMain ones I found are if you move a slave from one space to the next while paused in the management part of the game, you have to unpause before you can select it again. Kinda annoying if you're like me and like to sort your slaves by veterancy.Another issue is slowdown during big fights, which can hitch the game and make multi-fighter fights a big death ball where everyone dies in 3 seconds. Careful with this one!No other technical issues that were blatant. Pretty good game in this department overall.Aside: there's an option to turn off the profanity in the crowd speech. I'm glad this was there, because I found the excessive profanity lines rather annoying to listen to.The tone and humour in the game is spot on otherwise.One more thing: there's cheese strats in the game for you to abuse, but that's ok because PRO GAMER MODE.In ClosingGame is very much worth the price point, even without the current Summer Sale."
,Recommended,535230,32017208,Posted: 28 May,all,FireplaceOfAwesome,"Every single bug and feature complaint was fixed and patched since the release of this game.The majority of Thumbs Downs currently are for bugs that are taken care of.The game itself is immensely hard and has incredible replay value attached to it, coupled with interesting music and atmosphere that the game creates using events and urgency to make your gladiators the Best of the Best.One of the easiest games to recommend to gamers due to enganging gameplay, magnificent dev support and high entertainment value."
76561198060544872,Recommended,535230,32087338,Posted: 31 May,all,Frogo,"Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm under the impression that one guy made this entire game.......and the soundtrack?.....yeah....what a ♥♥♥♥ing legend..."
76561198062454026,Not Recommended,535230,30990434,Posted: 6 April,all,Master Debater,"EDIT: Since this review I have beaten the game, though only through what I would consider exploiting an existing game system (The Jupiter Blessings). Not technically a glitch but it felt scummy, would like to be able to beat the game with AI control only, as I am more interested in the management than the fighting.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I suppose my main complaint of this game  would be that there seems to be no real correlation between the game's unique gladiator stats and what you see unfold on the battlefield. I have played many playthroughs, probably over 7 complete playthroughs. It is still not obvious to me what each stat is responsible for. Overwhelmingly what I see is that no matter the opponents stats, the enemy AI will attack first and faster as well as dodge and block more more effectively. I have had gladiators who weigh less, have higher aggro, higher AI skill, and higher agility than the opponent who do not even get a single hit on them, because they are repeatedly struck with attacks that are commited with higher frequency AND swung more quickly than they are able to perform. The only reason I can come to for this is that the AI has already researched everything the Doctore offers. If this is the case, you are at such an extreme disadvantage from the beginning that you will lose 60+% of all battles you engage in where you allow the AI to control the friendly gladiator. This enemy AI 'cheat' is not only frustrating, but creates an environment where it is impossible to determine how to improve your situation, because even with a better equipped gladiator with higher stats in every category will be repeatedly beaten by a slave scrub with a dagger. To me, it seems this game is 95% RNG, but RNG that is stacked in favor of the enemy AI. I have had massive success in this game when controlling the gladiators myself, but to me, this feels like cheating and I do not think I should have to take direct control to win battles. Until more information is released about the way the friendly AI operates, I will continue to be frustrated by what appears to be an immensely stacked deck in favor of the opposing AI.To sum it up, this is why I give a negative review:1. Unclear what stats are responsible for2. Unclear as to why enemy AI seems to be much more efficient than allied AI3. No save function4. End success requires you to sacrifice your best gladiators, which basically resets your progress5. enemy progression functionality seems to be (loosely) based on the best gladiator in your camp, therefore you basically require your best gladiator to fight every single battle, which makes them better and better, which makes the enemy harder and harder.My suggestions:1. Find a way to vary enemy gladiator difficulty2. Release more information on gladiator stats3. Add more ""random"" chance in what the enemy gladiator will be, I am tired of fighting elite gladiators in the pit, to me, the pit should be for scrubs so you can train up your scrubs. By basing ALL enemy difficulty on the best gladiator, you make it nearly impossible to train up the other gladiators in the camp through combat.5. Allow either all gladiator classes to be available at the start, or allow the player to choose which to start with, the spear class has an obvious advantage over all other classes, and I find the friendly ai for the Thraex to be pathetic compared to the ai for the other two."
,Recommended,535230,31250666,Posted: 19 April,all,Futushia,"Wonderful Updates + Save now included!I bought this game day 1 even without the save feature. I still loved it but hey! You don't like it because it didn't have the save feature? Fair enough. This dev though, such a great person from what I've seen. Lots of complaints, most of them obnoxious and he still updates almost daily, bug fixes and all that to get the game running just right. I think the dev's enthusiasm and passion for this game will keep it running for a good while. Now on to the game...The GameI personally love this game, I've only put 20 hours into it but life stuff got in the way, as well as other games.Now, what kind of audience is this game tailored towards?-People who want to manage gladiators-People who want to spectate bloody gladiator fights-People with a sick sense of humor and want to roleplay as a Daedric prince and have your own champions as pawns in your bloodsport games but because such a game doesn't really exist and using console commands in skyrim isn't enough, this game certainly satisfies that craving (example: Have a champion you love? Provide him with good equipment and the good Jupiter's blessings. Have a champion that failed you? strip his weapon, strip him down to his shorts and chuck him into the pit.)-People who want to be a gladiator (Yes!!!! You can totally just tech up the mind control training and treat this game like a hack n slash game!!!-People who come fromSalty betsbut want more control-And lastly, people who want to see crazy insane fights like these:Fight 1: Toss my gladiator into the pit with no weapons whilst his opponent is fully geared. Match starts and my gladiator runs around like a headless chicken while getting chased and hacked away, until someone from the crowd tosses him a sword and suddenly he turns into Leonidas and totally chops his opponent's head off in two swings.Fight 2: Two equipped gladiators start the match, my gladiator immediately disarms his opponent and starts chasing after him like his panties are made of candy.Fight 3: You just researched evasive rolling, now every fight is like a Dark Souls fight.Pros/Cons+Dedicated and passionate dev+Spectating gladiator fights+Playable gladiator fights+(Opinion) The more tasteful side of pixel graphics+(Opinion) Nice soundtrack+Easy entry management game+The nature of the game ensures each new game has a bit of variety from the previous+Brutal fights option allows for slightly longer and bloodier matches+Flex your cruelty or mercy by allowing your crummy gladiator the chance to live or die+/- Difficulty/RNG (I PUT this here because theres always a few of you that complain about rng and difficulty. This is personally a PLUS for ME, but for those of you who hate games with even a tiny bit of rng, please just do yourself and everyone else a favor and avoid the game.)+/- Game length (Some consider it bad, some consider it good)+/- Pixel Graphics (If pixel graphics are a big issue then it should have been obvious that this game wasn't for you, I personally like them)-Jupiter's Blessing cards aren't terribly interesting, wish there was more variety beyond just numbers (IMO the only card I found interesting was the one that didn't allow your gladiator to heal beyond 50% hp but granted immense killing power, wish there were more cards with interesting give/take conditions like that)-Low scenery variety (Same 2-3 looking stadiums)-Lack of gladiator name change (At the time of writing this, I'm not allowed to change gladiator names, though the twitch options allow for viewership gladiators, but I don't stream)-Spam click for allowing your gladiator to live (Honestly this is the feature of the game I dislike the most, my solution: Allow a coin flip option for those of us who don't care about having more influence over the surrender meter, but make sure you still keep the surrender meter for those who want to spamclick their gladiator to safety)TL;DR: This game is for people who like watching gladiators fight, win or lose. This isn't a game to show off your mad skills or to prove something about your inner self, it's about tossing in gladiators and watching them fight to the death and then getting mad at them for losing, then tossing them into the pit naked if you happen to let them survive."
76561197977746917,Recommended,535230,32761753,Posted: 25 June,all,Dreddy,"I Started the game by sending a slave into battle in only his boxer shorts, a knife and a helmet. He destroyed two men. Rusty Crow became a house hold name.Needed to kill off some slaves so I sent one into the pit with nothing but his underwear. He found a knife and slaughtered a fully plated gladiator with a trident. Badass Billy was born.I slowly raised an army through natural selection sending them one by one into the pits naked. The army grew strong. They were shining in plates with expensive swords ready to rumble. Pompus Cruntus, Avaveryniceday, Emily, they were all there, they were all proud men.Everyone dies of starvation.10/10 - next time i'll buy food."
76561198002625718,Recommended,535230,32206083,Posted: 5 June,all,Multiple Cats,"Great time playing this right out of the box I was seriously wondering why gladiatorial combat ever went away. Well... I mean, obviously it went away because of ethical reasons, and political reasons, and many other truly necessary and important reasons. But here we all are, having a fun time with the familiy figuring out which naked and scared guy in my ludus is quick enough to outrun 8 lions and earn me some power and wealth by not dying. So. THUMBS UP!"
,Recommended,535230,32824152,Posted: 26 June,all,FlowerPlower,"Two great men:The first; my main golden child, was an ex-soldier, sold to me by the Legot.  Fortune favoured this man indeed; a force to be reckoned with.He defeated every foe I put before him, he dominated entire enemy squads almost single handedly.Rarely would an oponent survive 3 blows from this man.He even carried the team through 2 tough boss fights.When he apealed for his freedom I could not deny him. He had given me MORE than enough in his time of service.It was a real shame to lose him and a blow to my team, but he had earned it. The rest needed to see that freedom was indeed 'attainable'.I found a new 'Ace in the hole' in another man (or so I thought); this time a cheap slave from the magister. This one caught my eye due to his extraordinarily high health pool.His name was Mallius, and unlike his predecessor, THIS son of a b**** only ever had ONE victory through his entire career.This may not seem like much of an achievement yet, but allow me to clarify.   Malluis probably fought more battles than the first guy, infact one of his first was WITH the origional 'Champion' as an 8v8; only 3 of my men survived that battle.Mallius probably had around 6 individual 1v1 fights, only one of which was a victory, his ONLY victory.To spite becoming the strongest man in my force, HE LOST A LOT...    But he never died; even after losing a feirce boss fight.He appealed for release about 3-4 times (more than anyone else), all of which were denied.  I was determined for him to become my next 'Great Champion' before I granted his freedom, he had to EARN it.In retrospect, what Mallius didnt give me through victory, he gave me through suffering.I can hardly recall how many brushes with death he had, and the only thing more impossible than having him win, was rasing his mood.More than anything else, Mallius was miserable; he served me in this state through the majority of the year.After all he had been through, in the end he was never given his freedom, no. Unlike my previous champion; Mallius TOOK his freedom, rather than recieving it.One night, a week or so before the final championship, he managed to escape. Fortune favoured him one last time, and he once again narrowly escaped death, as everyone else (including myself) was brutally slaughtered in the next and final event.Yet HE remains alive out there somwhere...    He was the ABSOLUTE WORST, but MY GOD was he the best.""Mallius you beautiful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you lost.. but you DEFINITLEY won.I was not worthy"".-10/10"
76561198104613258,Recommended,535230,31013936,Posted: 8 April,all,Philippine Prostitute,All it needs is a save feature and an unlimited campaign to be complete.
76561198017193443,Recommended,535230,30920987,Posted: 3 April,all,Implied Facepalm Deadmeat,Accidently put a slave in without any armour or weapons.He runs around like headless chicken being chased by the fully armored and armed opponent.Crowd throws him a gladius.He hacks his opponent to death within 3 seconds.Thus a gladiator is born.
76561198167517748,Recommended,535230,31034169,Posted: 9 April,all,ashwinsantos,"This is a ridiculously fun game albeit excruciatingly punishing most times, a single ♥♥♥♥ up and you may as well start over. The game has some serious potential with tons of room for improvements and add ons, do bear in mind that the dev team is just one very dedicated guy, so to see all this being produced by one individual is nothing short of amazing.PROS:-Soundtracks are incredible, really fitting for the theme and invokes a sense of bloodlust.-Awesome pixel art style graphics, very pleasing to the eyes to witness pixel art dismemberments.-Combat is really fun and fast paced.-Not only can you spectate but you can get your hands dirty and control a single gladiator and wreak havoc in the arena.-Lions... just LIONS... (Arena obstacles are a wonderful addtition to make the matches more interesting and fun.)-Twitch intergration is a unique and so far well received feature. Fate of your gladiators rest on their (chat) hands not yours.-Great variety of upgradable weapons, armour, and gear.-Test your best gladiators against the Boss Champions all across Rome to see if you have what it takes as a Domina and if your gladiators have what it takes to be a true Champion.-Despite being a very simple gladiator management simulation the game has great depth and has alot to offer.-The game is incredibly cheap and worth every penny and you get hours upon hours of fun, entertainment, and enjoyment.-The game is fresh with great humour and ridiculous random events to could either make or ruin your day.CONS:-The games overall dificulty and A.I require some serious tweaking and rebalancing.-Pit fights are no longer ideal fight options due to the enemy scaling to your strongest gladiator leaving scrubs unable to level up and most times even wrecking your Champion despite a great differential in terms of stats and also the ridiculously poor rewards do not reflect the dificulty of the enemies, most times being only either 120 to 200 gold. No matter how many enemies you have to face the gold/reward does not scale accordingly with the danger and risk of the match.-REWARDS as a whole at the moment are seriously underwhelming and lacking even if you win 80% of all match ups and suffer no losses and casualties.Max rewards i have seen so far was 650 gold plus 400 gold from crowd favour, this was from a 10v10 (which i lost ofcourse) against nothing but godlike Retiarus that made quick work of my own elites.The max rewards for every arena fight averages and caps at 500 gold with max favour, which is not enough.You have 15 gladiators you have to train and fully equip by the end of the year, at 2000 gold each gladiator thats 30000 gold. Thats if you suffer no casualties not to mention other upgrades you have to spend gold on, you'd have to win 60 matches with max favour without suffering casualties and the game only has a match once every 15 days out of the time limit of 365 days.Thats 24 matches only, minus pitfights.Dont get me started on Champion fights, the rewards you get after risking your 3 best gladiators that took 100 days to train and and thousands of gold to equip would just die to a super buff op Boss Champion with ridiculous hp and dmg.If you do defeat the Boss champion, you are rewarded with 250 gold. (Pls fix this)Boss fights should be lucrative and enticing and worth risking your best gladiators, also the Boss fights are a requirement in order to participate the Emperors Championship so the hands of the players are tied.-You are given single game mode that has 365 days for you to make it into the Emperors Tournament or you die either way.Perhaps this can be built upon and instead of just having a single year to participate maybe there can be a 5 or even 10 year campaign. Or hell maybe you can continually pass the Ludus down to your descendants and you play as them trying to build the ultimate and most famed gladitorial house in all of Roma.-Game limit is 365 days, days go by way too fast. Especially is you have 15 gladiators to manage. This makes things unnecessarily hectic,perhaps adjusments could be fixed into the settings to choose the duration for each day.slow= 1 day/ 24 secondsmoderate= 1 day/ 12 secondsfast= 1 day/ 6 seconds-Architect options take too long to build to fully utilize benefits, each project takes an average of 30 days to be fully built especially since only 365 days are given. Also minor add ons such as gathering stones and digging hot coal pits should be reduced from 3 days to 1, to fully equip your ludus 15 palus/stones/coals = 135 days not to mention other lengthy 30 day projects.(This is only an issue due to the short time frame the player is given, either reducing the build time or increasin the players game time.)-Gladiator training could be hastened, very rare to actually have a gladiator achieve level 40 on all stats let alone 15 of them.-Slave varity is lacking, each slave excels in different attributes but most slaves only come with either minimum 120hp to max 174hp, occasionally there should be a rare slave that would come to the players way with extraodinary stats.-Gladiator hp is incredibly lack luster, each slave should start off at 150 to 200 hp but should be able to attain 300+ hp after months of training. Max possible achieved is 200+ training since day 1. Especially since boss champions have half a thousand hitpoints.-Arena has same issue with pitfight, arena enemy scales with your strongest gladiator and doesnt produce match up for new recruits leaving the srubs permenantly underleveled or butchered if you take the chance.-Every tournament which is every 15 days there is only a single fight to be had by 1 of your guys vs the enemy ai. So this means that every 15 days only 1 of your guys gets to fight. The other 14 just continue training hoping for a fair match up that will never come.There should be a multi tier/rank fight every 15 days so that all of your gladiators get a fair chance at leveling and progressing forward.a)Low tier/rank is where your scrubs will fight giving them a fair chance at leveling.b)Mid tier/rank for your mid tier gladiators.c)High tier/rank for your champion to face off against other other high tier champions.Also each tier should yield its own rewards system, for example you have lost the mid tier fight but your men prevailed on the low and high tier. The player should receive rewards from each tier accordingly.Winning low tier/rank yields 250 goldwinning mid tier/rank yields 500 goldwinning high tier/rank yields 1000 goldThe total pay off if the player wins all Tier/rank fights would be 1750 gold, a much more realistic and dependable system that could sustain the player through out the game,The player can also choose which tier/rank to participate in either all, none, or some.Same system could be employed for pitfights.(This could effectively fix the entire lack luster rewards system by implementing this.)-Group fights are very rare and hardly fair, going up against 10 Retiarus with high tier equipment and godly stats that can 2 shot your gladiators. (You may as well quit and start over)-Cards are now too rare, can barely get 8 through out a single play through.-Game doesnt have any gambling mechanic, you should be able to bet on your own gladiators to increase the payout,winnings are determined based on the odds that are stacked against or for your own gladiators.-Pitfights should have fist only brawls, a good place to make use of the scrubs. They can still make the player money and use only their bare fists while fighting naked.-And last but not least, the lack of a save system. This will no longer be a valid concern bacause by the time you are done reading this it may have already been implemented, if not it will be soon.-Pro gamer mode is impossible at the curent state of the game.Thank you for reading and i hope you enjoy the game as much as i have, it is truly worth it at the end of the day."
76561197989446634,Recommended,535230,30961087,Posted: 5 April,all,The Grey Wizard,"EDIT: The gods are good. There is a save feature! Feel free to now fail horribly in a single playthrough over the course of numerous sessions!A Roman Salty Bet on steroids, Domina is a superbly crafted experience for those interested in resource management, min-maxing, a touch of Choose Your Own Adventure, and cursing the gods.Recruit slaves, equip them as you see fit, choose their training regimen, and cast them as dice in games of life and death in the vaunted arena. The AI controls most fights, determining fights from myriad factors (stats, items, weight, CURSES OF THE GODS) though you can have your Doctore train to enable you, the player, full control of a single gladiator.Placate the two major players in your province, the Legate and the Magistrate, each vying for power and often your attention and resources (mostly the latter.) Buy their slaves, bribe them with wine, cater to their whims, or perhaps hoard their secrets, stolen by your lurking Agent.Hire various employees, each offering significant benefits to your ludus and your gladiators.Forge your legend amidst blood and sand in the twilight of the Roman Empire, and earn the right to call yourself the greatest lanista the Empire has ever seen."
76561198074926469,Not Recommended,535230,34246471,Posted: 14 August,all,o_siyeza,"I loved the game concept, the music, the graphics... but not the gameplay. There is a disappointing lack of depth in the strategy. More than making decisions most mechanics are just like a clickfest. This is mostly related with how meaningless are a lot of options, how easy is to get to a win strategy, (having an overpowered guy, in fact that is the only approach that seems to work), and so on…The worse problem is the balance, and in particular how the enemies escalate, always forcing you to use your best guy and making impossible to train the rest of your gladiators. At the same time, the game wants you to free your best gladiators without giving you any information of how can you win at all if you do so (maybe the difficult of the enemies is reduced accordingly, but it is never hinted)The way the game levels your enemies kind of seems that is related with the number of won fights, and all fights follow this rule. The enemies seem to have a level slightly inferior to your total number of victories, pushing you to use only one or two fighters each time or just losing. You feel like you fight against game mechanics instead of the arena and that is a very bad feeling.Also the game still needs some graphic additions in the facilities and variety in the events- Why not having the option to select your fighters first in some fights so the IA choses theirs accordingly?- Why training is so meaningless compared with fighting experience? (You rely only on use your experienced gladiators in all the fights so none of the new recruits can ever win experience in a vicious circle).- Why not to punish with less public favor and experience if you fight against weaker fighters?- Why not making different the exhibitions or the pits from the arena? (For example only low level fighters in some of them, non-lethal exhibitions or facing some variety besides the background)- Why it is pointless to use strategies of combining different classes in different ways for different enemies?- Why there is no decision regarding the abilities you can choose? (You just kind of unlock everything with no decision making)- Why the classes are only unlocked late in the game, so you will never have experienced fighters in any but the initial class?- Why not making more meaningful the class and abilities in a tactical way?- Why not favoring having a strong set of gladiators instead of a single one?- Why not adding variety in the fights (such as tying to fighters in different parts of the arena, or adding more environmental resources like traps, fire... also chariots please do chariots)?- Why letting the player go against the bosses anytime he wants so they eventually become easier fights than the regular ones (the bosses do not increase difficulty)?- Why not making the political and resource management meaningful in some way?- Why there is no relevant management of personnel, instead of having very useful and very useless options?- Why there is so many mechanics that seem totally pointless?- Why there is a wave fighting at all? (You always want to avoid these fights since you will likely lose the gladiators who fight first unless you have a god gladiator who destroys them all, making it meaningless anyway).- ...I liked several things from the game. But I cannot recommend it."
76561198021695711,Recommended,535230,31250032,Posted: 19 April,all,SaladBar,Perfect game now with save feature.
76561197981867244,Not Recommended,535230,32769791,Posted: 25 June,all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"If you saw this on YouTube or Twitch, Domina will likely have seemed amazing. It looks nice, has style, it seems to have management depth, and cool combat you can either watch or partcipate in. Just reviewing the main mode here, Domina is probably the most poorly balanced commercial single player game I have ever or will ever see. The gameplay is based around building a 'one-punch' man, and it's as easy as setting two skills to be trained and buying armor. By about the second or third fight, your first gladiator is unbeatable. Heal him up, and he'll be good to go even on reduced health for the next fight. And then you just click the slaves you gained from the fights to train them the same way, although you'll probably not have to use them, except as a distraction. Rinse and repeat until the 365 day length of the game is up.That took me almost three hours, and I can see a lot of people who gave it a 'recommend' didn't even play it for that long. Curious, because I would go back and play it more, to get the best ending (unless I'm mistaken and there isn't one), or try what appeared to be three other modes (longer fights mode, and endless mode, as well as a difficulty slider). In any case, I played for long enough to see that there's no depth to the three very easy to get resources, or the skill training and skill tree, both of which are useless compared to the stats gained from ending a fight. The factions, two characters (who can be replaced throughout the playthrough, resetting their alignment bars) don't seem to do much beyond giving an extra place to recruit units, or, rarely, a source of some extra income. There's only the illusion of depth here, and it's convincing enough for someone who hasn't played the game.The combat itself is hectic and fastpaced to the point where it's impossible to tell what's going on, especially when characters can easily be wearing the same armor. It's very slidy and floaty, and then by the endgame characters are dashing across the screen in a single stride to deal massive damage. Not in a fun way, even, unless you're controlling a really overpowered guy. Very odd decisions there, seems very amatuerish. As if the developer said, ""yeah, that'll work"" and left off making it substatial or excusable as physically possible. Also, it slows down very easily. I felt more like I was playing on a Sega Genesis when 24 people on the screen at once caused the game to scream in pain, and flash, and chug.The music is just all over the place. It's sort of cyber-punk, 1980's, and then it goes into this kind of generic adventure music, and then back into something that would seem to belong in Stardew Valley. I'm absolutely confused.All-in-all, it's cheap little game, slightly compelling experience, but doesn't offer even as much content as some of the better Flash games back in the day. This game would have been free and overlooked in the 2007 market, before Steam set up shop for indy devs, or mass positive reviewing 'Indy darlings' because 'one guy made this and it's okay' was a thing. This is a repetitive rogue-lite (or is it roguelike?) game. Even if it's only $5 (on sale), there should be something to make you stick around. I mean, I bought Crusader Kings 2 for $5. That was 300 hours of playtime. Stalker, Shadow of Chernobyl? $5, and that was 30 hours. This is not a story driven game, so it's a bit disappointing that there seems to be so little to experience.I wouldn't refund this, even if it hadn't pushed the 2 hour time limit for a refund. No big loss to me that it wasn't 100% or 45% what I wanted or expected it to be, and it is a neat little idea. But I just want to say, caveat emptor. For what that's worth. I'm hoping there'll be some substatial updates that add actually substantial content and an actual attempt at gameplay balance, and if that happens, I'll change my review for sure.Or, just buy this game if you want to turn a Roman Gladiator into Goku, becuase this is basically the hyperbolic time chamber simulator. If you're looking for a character driven roguelike with some management, get or reinstall FTL instead.New information: I went back and played on 'pro-gamer' mode, and it's essentially the same thing, except there's a higher likelyhood that random events will fire which will remove your best gladiators. If anything, the one-punch man becomes deadlier when there are more enemies, etc.. He just gains more stats, and it's eve very possible to build several one-punch men if you play just a little tactically. I found out, having not seen it in my first playthrough, that you can buy retinues who heal your men, auto-train them, and upgrade their gear.. Which makes the game another magnitude easier. Pit fights are another thing I missed in my first playthrough, as all of this is hidden, for some reason, in the resources menu. They're just more men to fight, which can be done every few days, and makes money and stats for gladiators very abundant. I was making about 2k gold a week at one point, and it costs about 1.8k to upgrade a gladiator to max gear.There's a lot of people appearently, who don't realise how easy the game is for whatever reason, that it's very possible to just keep sending out the best characts and winning every time. The only feedback I've gotten so far in the comments section, negatively, despite almost 100 downvotes, is that 'I should like the game anyway, because it wasn't bad enough to refund'. No, I'd rather have spent the money on a game I enjoyed, like I could have bought Darkest Dungeon instead. Much better game that explores similar 'hardcore' concepts, and isn't secretely very easy."
,Recommended,535230,32229014,Posted: 6 June,all,Ruuvan,"I have found myself, of an evening, supping a beverage and pitting human beings against one another until death.I have discovered I am a ruthless c**t, but that's ok.Don't do mind control. Sit back and embrace the real you."
76561198099243933,Recommended,535230,31924833,Posted: 23 May,all,CannabisKing,Fantastic game highly recomended. Developer listens to feedback and suggestions and is updated frequently. If you read through the negative reviews most of those issues have been tackled already. Played this game on shared library for first 40 hour before purchasing my own copy. If you dislike this game you can **** off back to Carthage! =)
,Not Recommended,535230,31380966,Posted: 26 April,all,Klokinator,"This is the 2.0 Review, having come back to replay this game after several patches were released by the developer. Updated May 25th, 2017Here's a pastebin of my original complaints.https://pastebin.com/rQ6XbYvDSo let's see what's changed.The game is still tedious when it comes to tasks you must perform. For one thing, when you first start a game, there are a number of things you must immediately do or you'll be in a bad position within a few days. The good news is, the developer added a pause button feature and it works well! I say the tedium itself needs to be tackled, but at least I'm not having to frantically click around and I can take my time to figure out what comes next. It's something!~0. Sigh... no I don't want to do the tutorial... stop asking me every single time. (To dev... give me an option to disable this prompt, thanks.)1. Pause the game. Instantly. Every time.2. Go to the Doctore. Click the first option for research, make sure to tick 'gladiators train automatically."" (To dev: This should be enabled by default. Unless you're doing a weird challenge run, why wouldn't players want their gladiators training? It's not like it costs anything to do so.)3. Sell your third gladiator. Move the other two wherever you want in the Ludus. (I like to line them up by strongest to weakest.) The reason for selling the gladiator will be explained in a few more sections.4. Make sure both of your gladiators are set to train their AI at max. This is super important. Once this reaches 100 after a few matches, then start training them in other stats however you want.5. Check your jupiter cards. If you have a bad start, you should probably reset. Actually, I usually do this first since your starting card can make or break the game. Anyway, if the card is good, toss it on your best gladiator.6. Upgrade your main gladiator's weapon to max, then his armor however you like, but not to max. Pay attention to prices.7. Hire the staff you'll need. I always start with blacksmith, architect, and then the third one is whatever I feel like.8. Remember that third gladiator you sold? Now buy a bunch of wine, drop all of it on the magistrate or the legate, and have them sponsor a gladiator. If they sponsor your main one, great! If they don't, you'll be buying wine with the remaining two days before the first battle starts buying wine, then plying the other guy with it, and having him sponsor your main gladiator.9. Make sure the staff you hired are building or training what you need.10. Drop leftover wine on your gladiators. It gives them free stat and morale boosts up to a limit, so why not? This can only be done once per gladiator so just drop wine on them until their stats stop going up.I do these steps every single time I start a game, and I have to do them. They're tedious and annoying and repetitive.Despite that, the addition of a pause feature is super important. I still feel like the combat is crazy fast, but I'm currently replaying the game to see what other areas the developer has adjusted. I will edit this review as I continue to play. Refer to my original pastebinned review to see what my complaints were."
76561198047992507,Not Recommended,535230,30938715,Posted: 4 April,all,Marneuscalgar,"I really really like this game, everything about the gameplay is awesome.But the lack of a save or even ""pause"" feature kills it entirely.Dev if you are listening WORK ON THE SAVES!"
,Recommended,535230,31248434,Posted: 19 April,all,Naughty Bear,I pressed Save.  It worked.  Still lost the game.  But it worked.
,Recommended,535230,31220167,Posted: 18 April,all,D0csavag3,"Fun, frustrating and addictive. This game is awesome as-is but has some minor issues. I am really looking forward to see how this game evolves. Winning and losing in the arena is a combination of character stats and luck. When luck is on your side... you will love this game, when it isn't... you will hate it."
76561198180859813,Not Recommended,535230,31245113,Posted: 19 April,all,Tucureborn,"To begin with, this game is in a hard spot to recommend. I love the concept and gameplay, but there are glaring issues.Early on when everyone does 10 damage a hit, things are tactical. Every strike matters, and you have to bait and defend properly. Then, a few matches later when your dude is stronger, things become a matter of either getting oneshot or defending(which has very few benefits and risks losing your shield). It stops being tactical and just a numbers comparison of who kills who faster. It's a very sudden shift in gameplay, and all the tactics go out the window.Next, coming from that, is the issue of levels and your gladiators. Even on easy difficulty, your gladiator who has won many matches may suddenly end up against someone who vastly outdoes him. Repeatedly. Sure, you can decline a match or two, but they don't go back down and eventually you have to either pull a win out of luck/extreme skill or have one of the two dudes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you for not being suicidal. That combined with how snowbally this game is poses a problem. Losing your lead gladiator should be a setback, not a game ending situation. When you lose your lead, the game still acts like he is involved. See the problem? Now you're stuck with less useful gladiators to fight against what are still stronger than his best. Good luck beating the first boss who can oneshot people well above his level.The two idiots that stay with you have... minimal benefits. You are given choices to befriend the Legate and Magistrate, and it's suggested that by doing so they will make fights easier. Nope. Fights are not easier if you befriend them. They are nigh impossible if you♥♥♥♥♥♥the off, but befriending them has the one advantage of one gladiator not costing resources. Kind of nice... I guess.... But you know, it would be nice if instead of getting the 1v5 when they are angry, if I could get a 5v1 when they are pleased. I got that once when I had maxed out both of them, which can be expensive to say the least. I was then promptly forced to♥♥♥♥♥♥them off due to multiple rounds of the enemy being many levels higher than my best gladiator. I hope one day I become enough of a genius to figure out how to get my ""friends"" to not make me fight guys way over my level.Stats are also horribly explained. Every character has three base stats, which do... something. Aggro, Turtle, and Evasion. Simple, right? But the game doesn't really explain if this is an AI thing(which you can ignore if you control them) or is an actual stat that effects combat.The tutorial at least should be good, right? Well... no. It puts you at a disadvantage. Before I got a gladiator wipe fairly deep into the tutorial(which is just the normal game with a few flavor dialogues), I hadn't gotten access to Jupiter Cards, which can make or break the game.All in all, the game can be a lot of fun if absolutely every aspect works with you to give you a perfect run. Otherwise, one mistake or RNG event happening and you lose everything. It's really fun having 2k money and not being able to buy food for a week. Then dying. On a good run. The game can be blatantly unfair, which is not enjoyable. Dark Souls, which is known for ""unfair"", makes a good point of never making it so hard you can't bounce back. This game just flips the table and tells you to screw yourself. I LOVE the concept, gameplay, and pretty much everything, but this game is a balancing nightmare. And with no saves, it punishes people who can't play through 100%. I get it, this is a ""hardcore"" game. But ""hardcore"" does not mean the game should actively screw people over on the EASIEST DIFFICULTY.If you like the concept, it can be fun. It's also RNG punishment with no real rewards for doing extremely well. Difficulty scaling is horrible, so expect to rage. Admittedly, I am not the most experienced with this game, but my god does it royally screw me over every chance it gets.I do not recommend this game for the feint of heart. If you are a masochist, go for it. If not... Well yeah."
76561197971795602,Not Recommended,535230,33055105,Posted: 30 June,all,CrazyGoblin,"This game has elements of greatness, but unfortunately they're somewhat buried underneath everything else... Everything else being a counter-intuitive, arbitrarily unforgiving slog.While the game presents a huge variety of training regimes, assistant upgrades, equipment and so on, there are primarily just two viable paths of getting anywhere. One is to send 1-2 warriors into every possible fight until they become superheroes capable of decapitating 15 people in a single strike, or you can spread out the experience to a larger number (say, 4-5) gladiators, and then make sure to sacrifice several slaves to unwinnable matches so you can keep a good number of ""lost"" battles in your stats.The reason for this is that the relative difficulty of each fight (be it in the local marketplace, at the sponsorship of the local leaders or even in the coliseum at Rome) is mostly determined by how many combats you've won overall.So, if you have one champion who is capable of taking on Rome's best and bravest, your fresh slaves will be unable to compete anywhere as their opponents will be scaled towards providing a challenge to your single best warrior... After a while spent in a campaign, you no longer have any low-tier fights to train people with.That's probably the worst offender, and the one that's bothered me the most (aside from when the game gives you a match against 28 enemy gladiators, causing so much sound lag that the game shudders to a halt while trying to process everything).Also included are:*Vast quantities of fresh, useless slaves heaped into your training field that need to have personal, individual management (you cannot set standard training regimens for new warriors, and they won't automatically stop training a particular skill when they reach the cap, requiring you to manually check through everyone to make sure they're not just standing around being completely useless).*A combat system that requires an upgrade to allow you to manually control a gladiator in a fight, and that requires skill training for the AI to fight by itself. Also featuring ""hit thing until it dies before you do"" levels of system complexity, which eventually gives way to a surprise cameo from the Dark Souls PvP scene, wherein everyone is rolling everywhere until someone pulls off a swing that defies all laws of physics and hitboxes in order to instantly obliterate anyone unfortunate enough to be in its general vicinity.*A direct-upgrade path of equipment upgrades, wherein some upgrades are actually worse in all ways to the required step before it. And yes, in order to equip a soldier with one gladius, you first need to buy him a dagger, then a wooden gladius, then finally the metal gladius. Again, no way to define a preset loadout for new warriors, so you need to inspect each one individually and mash the right mouse button for each weapon, pauldron, greave, torso and skirt you want to equip on your little dress-up dolly.*The cringiest, try-hardiest ambient swearing/insults I've heard in a very long time. Thankfully this can be turned off, as there are only so many times you can hear the painfully drawn out slurs before you begin to feel bad for everyone involved in the voice recordings for this game, especially since some pre-match insults are so long-winded that they take longer to finish than the actual combat.So, in summary, this is a gladiatorial combat management sim with bad gladiators, bad combat, bad management, and also bad sim.It's not, however, a *bad* game... Just a deeply disappointing one that doesn't live up to its potential."
,Not Recommended,535230,31080530,Posted: 11 April,all,IndieHusky,"This game is great and all, but if you really put some time and effort in it, there are some ridiculous issues that really ruin the experience. And yeah, I know this game is meant to be gimmicky, but some stuff is just straight bull♥♥♥♥.1) Weapon reach. Opponent's gladius can reach as far as your freaking Zweihander. This is beyond my comprehension. It's especially annoying when you've invested a lot into your sexy Murmallo and he gets destroyed in two hits by some crappy opponent with a gladius, as he somehow can reach your Murmallo from Zwihander's range O_o Annoys the hell out of me.2) Stupid opponents balancing. Starting opponent gladiators have insane attack speed and can roll, while you need a lot of time to research those feats. Just... why?3) AI that controls your gladiators is total crap. While opponent AI gladiators can often be a nasty threat, somehow, when AI controls your gladiators - it sucks. It doesn't utilize your weapon reach advantage (as controversial as it is, reach still SOMETIMES gives you an advantage, especially with Ratiarus), it doesn't use the attack roll, etc.While I have the impression that the game is actually made to annoy the fook out of people, I thought it's still worth mentioning the issues I've encountered."
76561198014416819,Recommended,535230,32073468,Posted: 30 May,all,BrowneHawk,"I'm not sure how I feel about this game.  Its not horrible.  Its not good either.  Good enough for me to give a positive review.  Have Played 81/2 hours at the time of writing this.   Small amount of hours?  Small game.I paid 10$ for it.  I love the concept of running your own ludas and having gladiators.  I love the being a ""boss"" type games.  The gladiator fights at times were fun to watch.  The music wasn't bad at all.  Good concept.This one is just really short.  I restarted after playing abit about 4 times.  Then got to the end of the game for the 5th. Meh ending.For what the game is it should really be 5$.  It needs more content to be sold for more.  I would wait to get it on sale, or more content to be added."
76561198122167291,Recommended,535230,32749179,Posted: 24 June,all,(っ˘ڡ˘ς) Bacon,Note to self: Invest in walls so your main gladiator killing machine doesn't abandon you 8 days before the final fight.>:( **** YOU MATT
76561198004118657,Not Recommended,535230,30925823,Posted: 3 April,all,Baelon,"No saving at all cripples this otherwise quite fun little game. I can understand the decision to prevent savescumming, but not the idea that you can't save AT ALL, not even on exit. It is 2017, not 1987."
,Not Recommended,535230,30942098,Posted: 4 April,all,Sheps,"I don't have a lot of time to play games, so I enjoy games thare a quick to pick up and play for some quick fun. This game had everything I was looking for, I loved the theme, the style, it all really spoke to me. I played for about 10 minutes beore work and enjoyed the little that I played. Then I went back to the game to continue my game and there's only an option to start a new game.There is no save feature.... even FLASH games have save features. This is utterly ridiculous for any game on steam to lack such a vital feature. Needless to say I have since asked for and received a refund."
,Recommended,535230,31440392,Posted: 29 April,all,DexteR,"I really like this game.It's a very difficult gameAnd I love the random rng of the game. Just now I send a naked slave with no weapons into the arena vs 1glad +lion. While my slave ran to a weapon the crowd thrown on the ground, the lion ate the other gladiator, and my slave won LOL!And the developer reads the discussions on steam and fixes bugs very quickly, and I think its only 1 guy that works on it :)I always wished for such a game since the very old dos game centurion, that had a gladiator minigame. And don't think there is any other gladiator management game out there like this (that actually has realtime combat)."
,Not Recommended,535230,30953915,Posted: 4 April,all,feeneyomega,"Fu game, really got invested into my gladiators (or at least one in particular) then upon leaving the game found out there is no save button. Would not reccomend until that is implemented"
,Recommended,535230,33690089,Posted: 20 July,all,Endyo,"I usually try to avoid reviewing a game that I haven’t either fully completed or otherwise decided I no longer wish to play, however I feel like I’ve reached a point where I have a cohesive perspective on Domina.   For that reason, I figure it’s time to get this review out there and let everyone know that this is great game that is truly a bright spot in the universe of low-cost indie games.Domina puts you in the role of an ancient Roman gladiator owner/manager.  The bits of story that define this are limited, but the gist of it is that you inherited your home and training grounds from your father.  You spend the majority of the game purchasing or receiving gladiators (or those to be trained as gladiators), training them in various ways, equipping them with gear, and overall just managing their ability to go out and win tournaments against other gladiators.  These fights, for the most part, take place without any direct intervention from the player.  However, early on you are able to get an ability called “Mind Control” that makes it possible to control one gladiator that you choose.  This can be handy as there are plenty of one versus one gladiator events, but I found that the fighting was extremely fast and it seemed to me like the AI-controlled fighters could do better than me.  With practice though, I could see players taking advantage of the option and being more successful.  I also found that it was nice to just sort of sit back and watch these events like a true spectator, cheering on your gladiator.The conflict, outside of the arena fights themselves, comes from making the best use of your resources to get effective gladiators that can win the fights in which they participate.  You hire certain staff to aid in training in different ways, whether it’s someone upgrading and adding to you facility, healing gladiators between fights, or crafting and repairing armor.  You also will encounter a variety of events involving the city around you and the two NPC counterparts involved in the operation, the Magistrate and the Legate.  These two serve not only to provide extra conflict, but can perform services like allowing you to purchase more men or arrange fights.  The balance of all of these factors creates a somewhat hectic, but very entertaining experience that, when you boil it down is essentially just a management game.For me, one of the strong points for the game is the Twitch integration.  This puts a bot in your channel that lets players in the channel vote for the outcome some of the in-game multi-choice events and even whether surrendering gladiators live or die.  On top of that, each person in chat gets their name put in game and can make for some hilarious interactions.  It’s easily one of the most fun games I’ve streamed, even when only a handful of people are in the channel.  The entire process was so quick and easy to set up I almost thought I had done something wrong and missed some steps.  Streaming Domina is one of the reasons I plan to keep playing this game beyond the time frame of an average single player indie game.Generally, I try to avoid getting too far in to graphics and sound because of the subjectivity of the matter, but when something stands out to me, I have to mention it.  The music of Domina is exceptional.  Normally, indie games have mediocre music at best and at worst you’ll hear something really annoying or copyright free, but Domina’s entire soundtrack is top notch.  You’ll hear some strong synth beat industrial stuff backed with some great melodic touches from strings at times and others will feature much more ambient trance-like songs that really give you an almost unwelcome feeling of desperation as you try to make your way to the end of the game.  This soundtrack rates at or near the very top of indie game soundtracks for me.  Right up there classics like Bastion and Braid.  It’s almost worth buying the game just to hear the soundtrack, though it is available separately for purchase (assuming you don’t just want to listen to it on youtube).If there’s any one issue I could pinpoint with Domina, it’s that the combat events seem to be a little bit more randomized than I would like.  You have events coming in after a certain amount of time (measured with in game “days”) and they randomize among a collection of different situations where you may win with virtually no challenge or be completely slaughtered.  For instance, you may have the opportunity to place several gladiators against one which is usually a slaughter, while other times you may have to toss in half a dozen or more in a big group fight that could wipe out your whole squad.   It can be frustrating to lose some of your best-trained people to what feels like RNG.  You can always reject these battles and move on gaining nothing, but that can still be bad for your overall progression as you miss an opportunity to gain more resources and better train your team.Domina is one of those games you can’t really judge by what the trailers try to convey.  You won’t see the bulk of the game because, in practice, it's watching people dance around training while you manage the process of keeping them alive and working at their peak efficiency.  I suppose to some degree there may be people that don’t find the concept appealing, but for me, along with the many other quality aspects I’ve mentioned, I have a hard time putting it down.  My recommendation here is easy and I’d double down on it for anyone that streams and likes viewer interactivity.  If you do nothing else after reading this review, at least check out the soundtrack and enjoy nearly two hours of music that will have you wanting to pick up your gladius and scutum and go join the formation.If you'd like to see more of my reviews, check out my curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/EndyoGaming#curation"
76561198026747811,Recommended,535230,31807772,Posted: 17 May,all,Thornstroke,"This game is bloody amazing.I could say so many good things about this game, but if you're a fan of the Spartacus TV series and you're looking for something to itch that scratch, Domina provides it with more than enough bang for your buck.Combat is quick and punishing. You need to really focus as the wrong move can be an arm, leg or even your head slipping loose from the joints.The humour is golden and rife throughout the gameplay. I'm still expertimenting with the agents, but I'm enjoying the use of Ash-... I mean, the agent to dig up dirt on various characters, for the use of lucrative bribes later on.A huge fan thus far. Looking forward to more content!If I was to put one negative down, the Murmillo class is inaccurately titled. Dimachaerus would be more accurate, though a murmillo class that provides greater armour, with a cut to speed would be something I'd still like to see (along with many other styles added!)All in all. Amazing game. Absolutely loving it. Downloading the soundtrack soon, just to support the Dev further."
76561198147621661,Recommended,535230,33141185,Posted: 2 July,all,Noble J,"I really like this game. I'm a fan of the Spartacus series, and this just reminded me of that show.A lot of replayabilty and the dev has continued to add things to the game over time.If you're into gladitorial games, or just like micro-managing, you'll probably like this game.Easy recommend."
76561198025187751,Not Recommended,535230,30955869,Posted: 4 April,all,kalysti,"This game has promise, but I cannot currently recommend it. The lack of any kind of a save, even a save on exit, is definitely a point against it. But the way it just rushes headlong from one fight to another is very annoying. I am going to keep it, but won't play it again until there is some mechanism in place to allow me to indicate when I am ready to move to the next fight. It's fine that I only have so many actions available, but I just find it weird to be thrown into the fight screen directly."
,Not Recommended,535230,34308858,Posted: 17 August,all,Cowan5,"While seeming to offer a lot of strategic options, really there is only 1 way to play - hire particular staff and make one big tank character.  Any attempt to deviate from this will result in swift failure.One insanely difficult fight can wipe out your whole stable that you spent ages training.  The stats and how they interact are not transparent so you cannot know what to upgrade.  It seems most stats bar one or two are useless.If the game told you how it worked I could take the RNG but in its current bewildering state I cannot recommend it."
76561197972720910,Recommended,535230,33299341,Posted: 5 July,all,MaYzE,"This is FTL done Roman style.  I grabbed it based on a Reddit recommendation and I'm glad I did.  I don't want to spoil too much in the game, but you are basically tasked with managing gladiators for a year until the championship match. The path to the finals is paved with different events, challenges, and unknown scenarios.This is a worthy pickup and I recommend going in blind. A full play through was around 2-3 hours which allows for a great grab and go style game.Buy this one, train your gladiators, watch them die glorious deaths, and reap the benefits (and many misfortunes) of being a Domina!!"
76561197993276337,Recommended,535230,32902191,Posted: 27 June,all,DaddyChillis,Great game! I got 3 different endings my first 3 playthroughs. Took 20 hours total and i feel like ive completed eneugh to feel satisfied with my purchase. The game can be played as a sim where you let your Gladiators do it all or you get to control one of them. Battles can be up to 15 v 8 from what ive seen. I have a top end system with plenty of ram and Vram and i still lagged out on these larger battles. These battles were rare as most of them were 1v1 and the game ran very smooth. I really enjoyed the sounds and mid to endgame gameplay. Recomended!
76561198030901646,Recommended,535230,34744920,Posted: 4 September,all,Nomads of Korsun,"Addicting experience with great music and fast paced action.I was reccomended to this game from a friend and once I tried it was instantly hooked, Domina is an 8-bit styled game where you run a gladiator school (Ludus) as the head of the institution (the Domina). Most of the game is kinda a time/resource management minigame where you try and make sure your Gladiators are well equipped, are given the proper support and facilities, and are ready for the challenges at hand.During the figthing matches (that occur peridically with random conditions and fighters) you have to deal with fast paced combat that's well complemented by the intense and catchy sound track. You can choose to control the gladiator manually, or have the computer do it, though on team games any gladiator past the first one you pick is going to be AI guided (for better or for worse).If I were to summarize this game with a reference to another, I'd say its like ""Swords and Sandals 2, but more intense"". If any of you played that flash game you'll know what I'm talking about, though rather than turn based this game is real time, so you have to act fast as most matches last under 30 seconds.Also while your playing the time/resource management game in the Ludus you'll be given random events to deal with from the two vying political figures in youre area, the aristrocratic Magistrate, and the more military focused Legate. The descriptions are like something out of the show ""Spartacus"" and if you like kinda that dark humor with a bit of gritty realism you'll really love those scenarios (though you'll start to see repeats if you play the game a few times).I'd say Domina's only downside is the random nature of the encounters, you can be up against one gladiator that could barely hold his own against one of your contentors or in some cases you can be up against an entire team of well armed opponents that can tear even your champions to shreds. The trick is to know when to throw your weaker contestants in knowing they're going to lose so you can save your best gladiators for the matches where you have a better chance at success.Anyway, if you like time/resource management games with some combat inbetween you'll love this game; the sound track in particular will get you hyped with every match and if your anything like me you'll be rocking your head to the beat as the rocking music transitions in during the preliminary match countdown. If that sounds like your kinda game, give Domina a shot, you wont regret it."
76561198038318928,Not Recommended,535230,30995877,Posted: 7 April,all,Devast,"I reallyyyyy love this game, but it is actually has too many bugs even if the developer is working hard.My opinion is : wait the game get more stable but place it on your wishlist, and if you are really hipped for this game then it's not a waste of money ^^"
76561198037916966,Not Recommended,535230,32750132,Posted: 24 June,all,Rockah12,"I find gladitorial combat fascinating.This prefaces something that I find... somewhat heartbreaking to say.Domina isn't a good gladitorial combat game.Domina is... A time-waster at best. It becomes repetitive quickly and, in my case, (with Mind Control, which allows you to directly control your gladiators) the gameplay lacked any sort of challenge or strategy. It's not a game I would personally play for longer than ten minutes at a time, but I thought I'd give it a shot for longer after buying it. It lost its charm after an hour, and the remaining 40 minutes were spent mindlessly clicking, killing combatants one after another in the games and spending the in-between bored and hoping something exciting would happen. I managed to win the 9 Championship Games without my fighter taking a single scratch and felling the combatants in mere seconds.I keep seeing people talk about lions being involved in combat? I didn't see a single lion. Anywhere. The most variety to a fight would be that one of the fighters would be chained to the floor or one of the fighters would be slightly larger (though no more difficult).Maybe that's an RNG thing, but when variety relies on RNG, that's not the mark of a good game.Maybe if you use it as a simulator, not getting mind control and just letting your gladiators fight with their AI, it's more fun... But at that point, you're not involved in the action. You're just another spectator. That's not gameplay, that's a glorified cage match you take no part in.In short, it's not a game for people who want a gladitorial combat game, it's more of a game for people who want a management game. Not a game for everyone, but maybe someone else will enjoy it.A Quick Edit: I played the game on Normal for about an hour before swapping over to hard. Yes. Those forty boring minutes were on hard mode. The difficulty really doesn't matter, especially with the Mind Control taken into account."
,Recommended,535230,31034611,Posted: 9 April,all,biotech is godzilla,most negative reviews are about the missing save funtion. the game is good and one round lasts about 2 or 3 hours. if you are someone who can play a computergame for 3 hours straight you will enjoy it. otherwise bookmark it and come back later.
76561198132792574,Recommended,535230,31246506,Posted: 19 April,all,armoredrobot,"Domina is an ultraviolent, management-y Ancient Rome gladiatorial ludus simulator with really excellent pixel art, fun writing, an off-kilter sense of humor, and excellent music, and that alone earns it a recommendation. However, it's also a lot like FTL in that it's a punishing roguelite with lots of fiddling around that basically acts as a story generator, and it does that really well also. You'll become attached to various gladiators, see them die unceremoniously, and then immediately start training their replacements up and micromanaging the♥♥♥♥♥♥out oftheireventual replacements. It really drives home the game's twin themes of cruelty and disposability, and makes it a much more compelling experience. That, combined with the interesting, deep gameplay, makes this a very solid purchase. It's buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the developer is actively working on that and seems to really care about improving their product. Get it.P.S. Oh, and a ""Save and Exit"" feature sure would be nice.P.P.S. Never mind! That was patched in this same day. Good on the developer."
,Recommended,535230,31381482,Posted: 26 April,all,jholden0341,"This game is very addicting and very fun.  however, i do have a really big problem.  After the year long work up for the championship games the game just ends.  I really would like this game to work like a sports games where you can continue year after year, training your gladiators that live for the next tornement.  Starting over when you feel like you are finally accomplishing something really sucks and the game is so enjoyable making that last as long as you want would be great."
,Recommended,535230,34087020,Posted: 7 August,all,Arkan01d,"Domina reminds me of games from the 90's. It's not a game that's typical, or cookie cutter, or fits into a category easily. It tries new ideas and new mechanics. I like that a lot! At the same time, it has it's flaws and strange quirks, but nothing too glaring that would cause you to not enjoy the game.Domina is a management simulation that is brutal at times. Don't expect to have one or two epic gladiators. You really need 8 to 10 decent guys. Don't take every fight on. Save your money. Bet on side fights. Plan to play a few games before you feel confident. Experiment with everything. Plan to lose hours smiling and yelling as you enjoy this little gme of a game."
,Recommended,535230,31002609,Posted: 7 April,all,NeekoMonster,"All in all; I recommend it. I had fun. Some might find the price a bit steep; considering it’s arguably the quality of a flash game. (kind of like a much better variation of Swords and Sandals that a played as a youngster)I personally think it was worth it. Also, the developer seems to actively be patching the game; so it will only get better and better.-Pros:+Great Twitch IntergrationOne of the main reasons this game has gotten a lot of attention recently is due to the fact that it is a great game to stream on Twitch!Your gladiators take on the name of viewers in the Twitch chat during a stream, Twitch chat can vote to save or kill a guardian that surrenders during a fight, they can make you win or lose more money at the end of a match by booing you or cheering you on.It really allows the audience to interact with the Twitch broadcaster in an actual meaningful way that can affect the playthrough significantly.+Clean UIMost of the game features are obvious and easy to access. Everything feels really quick and easy.+Fun Unit ManagementYour gladiators have stats that determine what kind of play style they use during fights (Aggro, Turtle, Evasive) and determining what kind of stats and what class you’ll choose based on their play style. Your gladiators train those stats in between matches. After a few matches; you start to learn about hiring NPCs (some help train your gladiators; others help in different ways) and playing cards (equipped to gladiator for bonuses; including combat bonuses, training stat bonuses, etc.) so there are a bunch of ways that you can acquire upgrades for your warriors. (PS: Something that is never mentioned by the game is that getting a gladiator’s MEDITATE stat to 100 is really important; you probably should upgrade that as soon as you get warrior. [It upgrades faster than other stats]) You can get 15 gladiators are try to manage exactly how you want them to become.+Great Art StyleThe aesthetic of this game is absolutely perfect with the whole theme of the game. It’s sort of a retro 32-bit style. animations are fluid. Colours are sort of warm; yet drab and mildly depressing. The story isn’t deep, but really gives you some bearings.+SoundtrackI don’t know enough about music to go in depth on how the music is good, but it really helped set the mood in the game. Good stuff.-Cons:+No SaveThe fact that the game has no way to save your progress is literally flooding the Steam reviews. I do agree that it would add to the game; however I can definitely see where the developer was coming from. After getting a grasp of the game’s main mechanics; it should only take a few hours to complete a full run. He intended to make this a game where you play a full run in one sitting; also, saving would allow people to exploit the system by saving before a fight and retrieving a fighter that you really like.I personally don’t see anything wrong with exploiting a single player game (although I personally wouldn’t play like that) and saving would allow you to keep your progress if you suddenly need to take care of something; which would be nice.+Doesn’t disclose everythingI’m very much into games that don’t hold your hand, however I feel like having some resources online knowing exactly how each stat changes your gladiator’s play would be ideal. For example, I notice that some of my gladiators have really high attack speed; others don’t. If you look in the stats, none of them mention attack speed. So, how do I increase it? No idea. I assume eventually this is something that will become available through a fan wiki.Also, [MILD SPOILER BUT I DON’T SPOIL PLOT ELEMENTS] another thing that isn’t disclosed has to do with the ending. You basically can’t win the game without finishing the game once; because there is something disclosed in a failed ending that allows you to actually beat the game. This was frustrating on upon completing my first playthrough and just seems like a way to get you to play more than once rather than actually entertaining the player."
,Recommended,535230,33264397,Posted: 5 July,all,Dewderson,"Trained a Gladiator into an absolute god, unstoppable in every way, matches would begin and end with him decapitating his opponents even if it was 5 to 1, I got cocky, started freeing all my gladiators or selling them. **Laelius escaped during the night**. Went into the final champion match without a champion, as I only had two slaves I bought with what pocket lint I had. The match was exactly 1.09 seconds.10/10 Would let my Ludus collapse into nothing again.This is a great indie game, right up there with Don't Starve Together, albeit without the artsy visuals. You can let the AI control your gladiators or put yourself in the action, for an indie game the combat is very intense and fun to watch.I was initially dismissive of the main story, but with it's twist it may take you two or more playthroughs to beat it.Grab Domina while it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,535230,32843017,Posted: 26 June,all,Tim Burns,"Honestly as fun as this game is, it's not worth it (unless at a steep discount) It's very short and very unbalanced. Expect at most 2 hours of play with very little replay value."
76561198007582519,Recommended,535230,34828966,Posted: 8 September,all,King Corcio,"a really fun game. picked it up on a sale just on a whim and was glad i did.its really fun to play.  its easy enough to explain, simple to play, frustrating to lose, and entertaining as hell. loved watching my little roman gladiator guys tear up the enemies and make me richer. of course there was some catchy humor thrown in occassionally and some damnable unavoidable deaths.  but learning just makes it more fun. eventually i picked up a skill that let me control gladiators in the fight and that made it a whole different challenge than letting the ai duke it out itself.i usually dont care about music in a game but the music in this one is damn catchy.highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,535230,32072838,Posted: 30 May,all,Soup|Nazi,"Funner to watch, then to play yourself.Not really enough content to keep me entertained for longer than a few hours of play.More fighter types, more weapons, different arenas, different combat types, would be really nice.I want my slaves vs Roman Chariot, chariot vs chariot, centurion vs lion."
76561197991046824,Recommended,535230,31252047,Posted: 20 April,all,Das Sieb,With todays Patch the save feature was added.Can wholeheartedly recommend this game now :)BLOOD AND DUST ! :D
,Recommended,535230,32890990,Posted: 27 June,all,Hannibal [On PS4 Pro 4 som time],I went to the Arena and got beaten while listening to the extremely amazing soundtrack.I watched Gladiator the movie.I played RYSE Son of Rome game.I watched all Spartacus tv series seasons.I came back to the Arena and beat the crap of everyones♥♥♥♥♥while listening to the same extremely amazing soundtrack.Now I am the best Domina! Rofl!The End!
,Not Recommended,535230,31350429,Posted: 24 April,all,You,"I wanted to like this, it is exactly the type of game that I usually enjoy.Unfortunately, the RNG is too strong. You can lose your best fighters to the most absurd situations.Trying to control a gladiator is also difficult due to the fast pace of the fights."
76561197965602081,Recommended,535230,32764738,Posted: 25 June,all,NeonBootyGoon,"If you like management simulators, Domina is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. You're a Domina (a Roman who owns a gladiator ludus, in this case a female one, hence Domina not Dominus) and you have to train and fight gladiators in the local arena to get to Rome and fight for the emperor. Think ""Spartacus"" the show in that aspect. Anyway, you lose a lot of guys, some money/supply management while also keep the legatus and magistrate happy and training the gladiators, keeping em healthy, etc.Its got the feel of Spartacus with the language and voice lines, and has some killer soundtrack songs to go along with it."
76561198123580407,Recommended,535230,33382282,Posted: 8 July,all,I Suck At This Game,"This is a wonderfully brutal game! It has the ability to make you sad, mad, happy and nervous all at the same time! I would recommend this to anyone that loves blood, fighting, romans, gladiators, death, strategy, and disappointment."
76561197994991008,Recommended,535230,31892350,Posted: 21 May,all,Bertimismaximus,This game is incredible - I was completely hooked from the beginning.  I was nervous to pick this up because of the comments saying there are balance issues - but I've played the game through a handful of times now and haven't found anything that's hurt the experience for me.  Highly recommend picking this up.
,Recommended,535230,32761787,Posted: 25 June,all,Rusty Shackleford,Was fun while it lasted. The campaign isn't terribly long but it's really easy to break the game and have super op guys.
76561198069938869,Recommended,535230,31794026,Posted: 16 May,all,Zahkrii,"One of the most entertaining games and most enjoyable I have played.Short, Effective, Repeatable and Enjoyable.Ave' Roma!"
,Not Recommended,535230,30927927,Posted: 3 April,all,ElliHat,"This game is great, I finished my first playthrough in about an hour or so. It's a fun gladiator management game with random events. The battles are exciting when you pit your best Gladiator against a strong opponent and equally hilarious when they kill someone in one well trained swing.This game also has Twitch integration; which makes it entertaining to watch as well since you can take part as a spectator by cheering on/booing the gladiator, or voting for what decision to make on the random events.HOWEVER, not having a save function -regardless of how short this game is - mean you have to dedicate time to complete a playthrough. I had a great playthrough going and then decided to turn off the game to grab some lunch, turned the game back on and there wasn't a continue game option. Which really bothered me.While I would love to recommend this game to my friends and fellow gamers, I really can't. It's 2017, saving should just be part of the game. Not everyone has the chance to dump a couple of hours at a time."
,Recommended,535230,33709900,Posted: 21 July,all,CluckingTiger,I turned the difficulty to the max on my first playthrough.Don't do it.
,Not Recommended,535230,35203513,Posted: 25 September,all,silentArtifact,"I love management sims, and Domina had a great deal of potential; the art style is fantastic, the sound design works quite well, and the actual juggling of management works. The problem is with the combat itself. You'll have a warrior that, on paper, seems to be supremely outfitted towards taking on their challenger, and who will instead get dismantled in the first fifteen seconds in a barrage of attacks they seem unable to block.Quite honestly, if the difficulty wasn't so seemingly-random, it'd be a fantastic game, but with how often I have lost matches (and irreplaceable fighters), there are times it feels like I'm playing XCOM. I want to recommend this, but I simply can't."
,Recommended,535230,34521197,Posted: 26 August,all,SurferIYL,"Bloody 8 bit fun, with a nice learning curve. Train your own Gladiators! I love the twitch integration which includes my chat in the game!"
,Recommended,535230,31056786,Posted: 10 April,all,(TTT)Shrek296,"The game is easy to get used to, the game play is fun but I see the number one pick up for this game is no saves but i understand why the makes have not made saves an option, it's like back in the day with old school games if you die you start all over again same with this game, you get over confident you lose your top man, but I think this makes you care more when you do lose your top guy that you’ve been with from the start you feel it, he was your star fighter and the time and effort you put into him; training him can be lost on a swing of a blade and it’s a sting to the system not being able to load back but that’s also what makes this game grate you actually feel something playing a game and feel excited when a fight is so close."
76561198190618523,Recommended,535230,30972316,Posted: 5 April,all,ToeZ,"I honestly love this game and ive been playing it no-stop, this game has so much promise I can't wait to see where it goes I for one will be a fan no matter what.Its not perfect now but you can see how much work the devs are putting into the game I really admire how hard they are working and I hope they keep up the good work."
,Recommended,535230,32864719,Posted: 27 June,all,PvtChickensoup,>Bought a slave>Built him from the ground up>Kicked♥♥♥♥♥fleesgoodman.jpeg>Almost conquered everything with my gladiator>Keeps asking for release>Keep denying his release>2 days until final fight>goes against some nobody npc>Proceeds to do well in fight>I think I win>My guy gets one shotted>lose>Proceed to lose the championship>I end up dieng and nobody remembers my nameWent from zero to hero back to zero again.9/10 Would make Spartacus again
,Recommended,535230,32935424,Posted: 28 June,all,Khan,Spartacus Simulator
,Recommended,535230,33283142,Posted: 5 July,all,Valerius Lucius Eruperus,"While purchasing this game, I did not expect to have such fun with it. But holy sh*t, it was hella fun.Domina is a roguelite-management game about gladiator fighting set in Ancient Rome. You buy slaves, train them according to some stats, send them to fights and try to win the championship to restore your family honor. There is some random political events that you can choose an option to get an outcome, and some can have dire consequences. The ending has a pretty nice plot-twist that makes you feel kinda guilty according to your actions throughout the game.It has a unique pixel art feel to it; even though it's a pixel game, it makes you feel the atmosphere very nicely. I don't have much to say about graphics any other than that.The musics are... literally awesome. I meshes up some traditional Mediterranean tunes with the modern day elements and I have to say that, that's a clever choice. It helps the environment.I don't want to spoil it too much. Game is pretty good and worths the price. The dev is on the forums nearly 7/24 for feedbacks and to fix bugs. Give that guy what he deserves and buy the game. 10/10 would recommend again."
,Recommended,535230,33297655,Posted: 5 July,all,SliceOfHam,"I've played this game for hours on end and will continue to play it because I enjoyed it very much.It is a micromanaging gladiator game where you can choose to control a gladiator per battle or let AI control all your units.There are helpers you can hire that have their bonuses (Blacksmith can quicky repair gear, freely upgarde a random piece of gear, and reduce cost when you want to purchase upgrades, Architect can build things that make training way more efficient and other facilities to improve quality of life for your gladiators, etc) and should definitely be looked into.Gladiators have stats, upgradable skills from the trainer, and gear including Jupiter cards (special buffs).I've had naked gladitors find a weapon and kill an overgeared opponent before. I've also had strong and geared units unable to kill a weaker less geared opponent because of their superior dodging and blocking abilities.Some people think the fights are too quick and fast paced so there is a setting in options that makes everyones weapons more blunt to drag out fights and make them extra bloody...The story is very simple and straightforward, and there are RNG events that are good or bad.Some people say oh this game is boring cause you can just have 1 super geared/trained person to kill everyone, but this is my arguments against that:1) RNG events. Day before the final battle a snake bit and killed my strongest gladiator of the other 14 cannon fodder. Another time a lion decided to eat my gladiator in RNG event lol. Yet another time my gladiator stabbed me, killed another gladiator and ran off with his female slave lover.2) There is an ability called CRITICAL STRIKE, that opponents may also have. My strongest gladiator has been one shotted before in a 1vMANY battle and another time in a 1v1 gauntlet match.3) If you played to the end of the story, the only people that will help your weak fragile main character from being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 15+ enemies are the gladiators that you have set free. Hope you have set free some. Oh and the ones you set free won't be able to attend the final Championship battle.The negative I had with this game is lack of political options that may lead to different events/endings with Legate or Magistrate.Oh, and only conspire to kill Legate or Magistate if have a negative relationship with them. Another one will just take their place and reset the relationship bar and nothing else really changes.---------------------------------------------tl;drOverall enteraining game with great music.I received this game on sale during 2017 summer sale.RNG may help or make you life miserable in this game.Don't do the 1 super champion like many people suggested. It'll end badly.Would like if there were more political options involved with various endings/events to enhance replay value.9/10"
,Recommended,535230,32903987,Posted: 27 June,all,Remi,"Challenging, Fun and Interesting!Resource management game with Gladiators in Ancient Rome!"
,Recommended,535230,32860287,Posted: 27 June,all,Zombie,"Very fun game, awesome soundtrack, good management. And very very impressive it was done by one person."
,Recommended,535230,33252441,Posted: 4 July,all,Quakeguy,"This game is cynical in every aspect. Every time you choose to do the morally right thing, you will be punished (except in one very, very special set of circumstances) this is a game you can leave running passively, or spend a great deal of time actively participating in. While I feel it has a share of balance issues, and it's very clear that there are holes in planned content, I've spent 19 hours in a game I paid $5 for. This is the sort of game I would have continually rented for the Sega Genesis from my local independently owned movie store until they just gave me the game. They did this for me with Sonic 2, Ghenghis Khan II, annd they certainly would have done so for childhood me if Domina had existed back in '95, which it easily could have."
,Recommended,535230,33880873,Posted: 29 July,all,puzzlefox,"Really nice game, heavily influenced by the show Spartacus. (pretty good show)If you really like Gladiator-themed stuff, you will love this game.My only negative comment is you can beat the whole game with one single gladiator.If you train one and only one, when he reaches max level, he is un-killable, he will basically be able to insta-kill everything in the arena in a blink of an eye."
76561198042410175,Not Recommended,535230,32793839,Posted: 25 June,all,MinusCelsius,"While this is a fun little game for $5 (on the summer sale), I can't recommend it at full price, mainly for balance issues.The damage formula is just unit's attack - enemy defense = damage. Simple enough, but there is no cap, and it leads to an absurd situation when your defense is greater than their attack: You take zero damage, no matter how many enemy gladiators come at you. A super gladiator outstats the enemies so he takes 0 damage and can kill dozens of enemies without taking damage. Because he takes no damage, he can fight over and over, every single day, winning and getting even more stats to be even more absurd. This undermines almost all of the game's core mechanics, like the combat system, dodging/blocking, managing gladiators, using lesser skilled gladiators, finding items, deciding what to upgrade, etc. Even on the highest difficulty, and even with my top gladiator running away, the game is trivially easy.You might be thinking, ""Just don't play that way, then, it's a single player game."" Except the damage formula works the other way, too. Gladiators you hire or find in the arena, or slaves you rescue, etc. don't have enough stats to compete and do zero damage. No matter how well you control them, equip them, train them, their stats are too low.If the game were the same game, with diminishing returns on damage and a typical armor formula that stops a percentage, not completely negating damage, I think it would really shine."
,Recommended,535230,31233991,Posted: 19 April,all,Kreyg,"ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!Great Game...Save Feature would be nice, but it's not a reason to not recommend the game."
,Recommended,535230,30929766,Posted: 3 April,all,XEK!!!!,"Hasn't everyone always wanted to have their own Ludus? Exactly, you dont need to tell me... i know! Now you can and you dont even have to smell how godawfully bad it would have been back in the day.  Aqueduct please... im getting literally sick just thinking about it *cough,cough* lol Seriously though. This game is approaching true perfection and its graphical style only adds to the joy. Looks simplistic? I say.... kind of... but also immensely challenging and filled with so much bribery even the catholics of the crusades have their jaws dropped in doughnut formation. 9.99 is a steal compared to the pure awesomeness you get when you force slaves into the arena... willing slaves of course..... Dont take my word for it. try it and experience life before..... well... life before basically anything, hence forced death battles... but by jove are they fun. Also I'd like to add, No Patrician family members were harmed in the making or taking place of this game. 10/10 will be buying friends copies at full price with no regretsp.s. Low steam play time due to buying it and writing a review while i accumulated my 5 min steam play time. Played enough beta to know this game can rock multiple socks off at once. Enjoy"
,Recommended,535230,32745439,Posted: 24 June,all,✩Commie Cunt,"Game itself is simple. Train. Equip/Upgrade. KILLBut my god is it presented beautifully. And is it ♥♥♥♥ing unfair, dear lord IS IT UNFAIR. Which makes it even ♥♥♥♥ing better.'Cause when you lose your best fighter, it's like dropping a freshly made taco.On another note. The soundtrack? Oh you mean the badass beats that makes you want to go and punch a lion yourself, yea that gets your blood pumpin like a damned adrenaline rush.Overall amazing game. Gonna boost at least several more hours into this.Game of the year in my eyes."
76561198074586498,Not Recommended,535230,30930689,Posted: 3 April,all,DrunkenDwarf9,"I absolutly love this game. The soundtrack is amazing, the art is amazing, and the game itself is amazing. Now why is it a negative review? There is no save function. You lose everything once you close the game. And i knew this going in, but after the game crashed on me I can see why not being able to save cripples Domina.  So now i just gotta wait till either the devs fix it or a mod fixes it. Untill then, I gotta give a negative review."
,Not Recommended,535230,32146623,Posted: 3 June,all,grue,"Fun at first but unplayable after just a couple of hours.- All AI knows is to run/jump towards you and attack. Pretty much all 1-1 fights are the same.- Multi vs. multi fight are unplayable because all AIs just try to move to the same spot and randomly attack to the same exact point.- Becomes too repetitive too fast.- Villa screen has issues. There's no way to change cards before a fight, card screen is just plain awful (a new card for removing existing cards? are you serious?).- Items are too limited. In my first 10 minutes of the game I was able to upgrade to the best sword. After that I've never been able to find anything better even after hours.I think this game has great potential. Work on the fight mechanics, fix issues in the villa screen, improve the AI."
,Recommended,535230,33258826,Posted: 4 July,all,Corrosion,"Good game with a lot to offer.There is no balance though, and the fights either get way too hard too quick or way too easy too quick. There is no in between. I've played and beaten the game several times by just having 1 overpowered guy, freeing him right before end game, and having him come rescue me in the end. Lame."
,Recommended,535230,31137311,Posted: 14 April,all,Pocket,"If you'd like a tamagotchi game in which afterwards your tamagotchis immediately fight other tamagotchis to the death, this is a good choice."
,Recommended,535230,31455963,Posted: 29 April,all,Gaul,99999/10
76561198039696822,Recommended,535230,30936175,Posted: 3 April,all,[|AUSSIE|] AZZA,"After watching the pre release videos i knew there was no save feature. So my review is based on having that in mind.My thoughts on this game is that its a brutal ball of fun wrapped up in pixels. You build your ludus champion up only to watch him be cut in half by some behemoth in the arena or you send out unequiped new slaves only to watch them pick up a crowd gifted sword and going to town on a seasoned gladiator.Its only about 4 hours game play but its the type pf game you can replay over and over. Also, be sure to play with the sounds so you can hear the crowd commentary lol.For $10usd its a bit pricey for whats on offer but it is a game to buy if you have 4 hrs up your sleeve to burn (remember; no save feature)."
76561198018630998,Recommended,535230,30984412,Posted: 6 April,all,YoYopuppet,"How to win:1. train to get the spear guy2. have a slave with high weapon training - take him to a reserve training program where he ONLY trains agility and weapons.3. As you've researched the spear traning, promote the slave to the class and poorly equip him (the smith will do the rest).4. While your training him, research the attack roll and get a hold of the Jupiters blessing card called: balance.5. Kite out your guy as much as possible - the closer to 100 damage the better.6. Take him into a god ol pit fight and mind control him.7. ROLL! Throw your net or just roll straight into him.8. Balance means he gets 500% crit damage, which means you'll deal 500+ damage if you already do 100+.9. Continue until he got the best gear and training. Feel free to kite him with other jupiter cards. (preferably: eagle eye, stamina and the 35% extra damage).10. Challenge all the single or small party bosses and just ROLL. Litteraly roll straight true them!(11.) Position is key - catch the enemies in a blob (watch out for giants with shields) or get them one by one. All you need to do is roll into one guy and unless he got 800+ HP you'll slice him in two.I've won two games with this strategy. Now if you'll get the good ending, by being friends with the magistre and the other fella, you'll be in for a threat - but if you do as I, and♥♥♥♥♥♥them off, YOU get to fight in the arena against 8+ highly trained gladiators."
76561197970236915,Not Recommended,535230,30951060,Posted: 4 April,all,Ken Taczdis,"Your game will not be saved upon exiting.Game of blood and gore aimed at 8-12 years old, that can play 2-4 houres straight. Brilliant."
76561197991657927,Not Recommended,535230,32752074,Posted: 24 June,all,MrMuse,"Whilst it isn't terrible and offers a fair degree of strategy in the short term; I can't recommend Domina as the AI controlled fighting is far too random. I realise you can control them yourself once you have had your Doctori research ""Mind Control"" but in practice this doesn't work well either. You can have a gladiator with superior skills, training, and equipment and still lose for no apparent reason. Also I'm not a fan of how the game progresses quickly no matter what you are doing. At times it can seem as if you are not actively participating and just watching time zip along and there is no way to slow the pace. This is especially apparent in the early stages when you don't have much of a clue what you are doing. You will also randomly be expected to face a highly skilled gladiator AND lions, or several gladiators, with only a single gladiator of your own. Domina just has too many random factors to make it worthwhile and its roguelike nature makes it difficult to apply any sort of strategy before you fall behind.Even should you persevere long enough to get a gladiator or two to win most of their fights you will find that it has taken you too long to make them strong enough to beat the easiest of regional champions and your game will time out. This is, no doubt, why the ""endless"" mode was introduced but that mode always starts harder than the normal one meaning it is far more difficult to get your gladiators up to scratch.If you have more than a few gladiators it descends into a mobile app click-everything- as-quickly-as-possible affair. In fact, there is a live or die clicker to save your fallen heroes and it doesn't work AT ALL which suggests that it was meant for the touch screen of a mobile app. In addition, there is a bug where your saved game will only load as an empty Ludus. Lastly, you will get your first Steam achievement with your first ever win invalidating the option to refund your purchase. Don't be fooled by the ""very positive"" review indicator."
,Not Recommended,535230,31399990,Posted: 27 April,all,Toft,"I like the game. But I really dont like the fixed speed while training, researching etc. I end up just spamming the cards onto every gladiator without much thought. First game I was reading them all, trying to figure out which character would benifit most from each card, and then BAM - a new fight.I like the idea, artstyle, music and just about everything... but I dont have time to think, and then it all kinda falls apart and my desire to play is gone. A simple <space to pause> or something might be a good idea.I won't recommend it, but that doesn't mean its a bad game. If you like a quickpaced game where you make mistakes because you aren't allowed to think or read, then this is the game for you. If the Steam rating system was any better, then I'd give it a 3/5."
76561198087463307,Recommended,535230,31349452,Posted: 24 April,all,MrRapp,"this game...man its so good, has so much potential...i said it because i hope they expand more this game, hope you like it as well"
76561197979773461,Recommended,535230,32753501,Posted: 24 June,all,Hampster,ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
,Recommended,535230,32753790,Posted: 24 June,all,color rick,"Wait a sec I just played the game for ~2.5 hours, and after the first year youdo battle against all of the Emporer's gladiators, and then when you when you just get thrown into the arena yourself against 15 men and that's it??? All of my upgrades and buildings and everything else is just gone? :(Despite that fantastic game 10/10"
76561197993027643,Recommended,535230,32794836,Posted: 25 June,all,crash_,"Punched Jupiter in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ watched my best friend be decapitated, wondered what the hell a doctore is. Definitely worth the $, I have laughed so many times while hoping my little gladiators get their moment in the sun. A+ work from beginning to end.. even when you lose, it's still a gorgiously bloody spiral into damnation and debt."
,Recommended,535230,32910539,Posted: 27 June,all,Miyak,The soundtrack gives me the feels and the game is quite fun.
76561198089326258,Recommended,535230,32969450,Posted: 28 June,all,david.brodie122,"Just great!The mechanics are simple. Upgrade your gladiators' equipment, train them, send them into battle.  Get hands on in the fights or leave it to the AI.  I've played through 4 times now and it's been great each time.  Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,535230,32806624,Posted: 26 June,all,r0land,"Got smashed by a naked guy, got eaten by lion, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 4 horny gladiators!Can I recommend this game enough? Just try it yourself, worth every cent for sure.And a special thank for the developer, you're doing some awesome job!"
76561197970460349,Recommended,535230,32461002,Posted: 15 June,all,Ngotie,"Fantastic game. The soundtrack, the difficulty and the humour are all spot on. To think all of it was one mans work.. Couldnt recommend it enough. What a bargin."
76561198140457477,Recommended,535230,32776237,Posted: 25 June,all,Rockpaper,"Outstanding game, excellent soundtrack and sounds.  You have the option to completely let A.I. control your gladiators or to actually control one yourself.  The art is very good as well.  This was a nice surprise and I'm happy I gave it a shot."
76561198067247830,Recommended,535230,32747247,Posted: 24 June,all,the evening meal,"Literally had this game for less than thirty minutes, and my expiriences already have made me put Marcus Aurelius Themed wallpaper on my desktop.Equip my finest, most veteraned of fighters in the best gear possible.Loses first fight, hard. Way too hard.Go back to main menu and listen to the soundtrack.X/X would watch gladitorial bloodsport with my entire finances bet on the fight again."
,Recommended,535230,32795198,Posted: 25 June,all,Kool,"I starved my slaves and executed a captured gladiator after he demanded to have sex with one of my women in the harem. UNACCEPTABLE!But then I won a den fight. I was HOOKED. Then I lost a den fight. But I drank some wine and felt better. Wine is always good, especially crappy Roman wine.Seriously, this is the best indie game I've ever played. Simple in concept and graphics but very detailed. My heart beats in time with the music and the gods are pleased.You may ask yourself, ""what is this madness?"" I can only answer in one way.THISISDOMINNNNAAAAA!!!"
76561198061879492,Recommended,535230,33154446,Posted: 2 July,all,Hernan,"Haven't played that much but I'm enjoying it a lot, I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is interested in the subject the game revolves around. To improve the game I would suggest adding in new types of gladiators such as the Laquerarius, Secutor etc to improve replayability."
,Recommended,535230,32788739,Posted: 25 June,all,The Cloon,"The first time I upgraded one of my gladiators armor to a ""studded leather c-ck sheath"", I knew this game was amazing.Just a really fun little time waster of a game.  I will be playing this a lot!Some balance needs to be tweaked I think, the net guys are a bit on the powerful side, and hopefully some more classes and options will be added, but overall, lots of fun!Did I mention the c-ck sheath?"
,Recommended,535230,32790128,Posted: 25 June,all,littlemute,5$?  Awesome.
,Recommended,535230,33105021,Posted: 1 July,all,Sevatarion,"This game is every bit as entertaining as it is difficult and frustrating, but the feeling when you do well is phenominal! Well worth the price tag if you like pixels, gore, gory pixels and crudeness out the wazzoooooooo!"
,Recommended,535230,32796704,Posted: 25 June,all,Jawsome beyond understanding,"Best indie game I have played in while. Well worth the price standpoint.Pros:-Great soundtrack, battle songs are badass;-Art is pleasing to look at;-Game mechanics force you to make meaningful decisions based on risk/reward;-Challenging to make the right decisions in multiple situations you are confronted with;-Very polished game, little to no bugs;-Fair pricing.Cons:-Despite efforts to mitigate this (such as random characters every time and unpredictable events), the replayability value of this game isn't very high for most people.If you are a fan of the web-based game series Swords & Sandals, you will absolutely devour this game. Overall a great 8.5/10. It's an amazing experience and is worth buying even if the game isn't on sale."
,Recommended,535230,33138158,Posted: 2 July,all,Joshishmo,"When I first started playing this game, I fell in love with it. Like most love stories, there was some heartbreak. The game kept  freezing and glitching out, to the extent that i could not finish a playthrough. serveral attempts later, i started to feel like the game would never work. I didn't want to refund it, i just wanted to train my gladiators for glorious, mortal combat! So, i contacted the dev. Singular, because i think it's just the one dude. He emailed me back personally, and asked specific questions about my problem, and told me that a patch was coming out a day or so later that might fix my issues. Not only did everything work perfectly, but i finished my next playthrough... and watched every man i painstakingly trained for almost an in game year brutally murdered in the arena. 10/10 !!!!!"
76561197970794239,Recommended,535230,32905372,Posted: 27 June,all,ToonJa,เกมสนุก โอเคเลยครับ แนะนำเลย แต่เสียอย่างเดียวด่านสุดท้ายทำมาไม่ค่อยดีเกมกระตุก เล่นไม่ค่อยได้เลยและก็ฉากจบสุดสะเทือนใจเล่นยังไงก็ไม่มีทางชนะ(ผมเล่นระดับยากสุดนะครับ) เหมือนเกมบังคับแพ้ใครที่ชื่นชอบประวัติศาสตร์โรมัน กลาดิเอเตอร์ หรือใครที่เคยดูหนังเรื่องสปาร์ตาคัสหรือชอบหนังแนวนี้ ไม่ผิดหวังครับ คุณจะได้รับบทเ ป็นเจ้าของโรงฝึกนักรบทาส ฝึกทาสไปสู้เอาเงินรางวัลมาบริหารโรงฝึกต่อ จุดหมายสูงสุดของคุณคือทำให้โรงฝึกของคุณกลับมายิ่งใหญ่ให้ได้ภายใน 1 ปี
76561198003166569,Recommended,535230,33342209,Posted: 7 July,all,John Courtier,"Did you miss some game where you simply send your men to certain death? You can enjoy it it this one. Treat them like you property, because they are. Let them fight for their lives and let the good ones fight for their freedom. You can use various strategies to be the best lanista, train various types of gladiators and watch them fight."
,Recommended,535230,33712876,Posted: 21 July,all,-NLG-Bancheis,"This game is worth every penny. Not going to recommend waiting for a sale, not going to recommend waiting for someone to buy it for you. I recommend you buy it now. Been playing it for a decent amount of time, and I feel I can honestly say this game deserves more attention, especially if you stream on Twitch.The best way to describe this game is a gladiatorial management game with optional player controlled combat. Let's go over the pros and cons.Pros;1. The game caters to both hardcore and casual players. If you only have 5 minutes to play here and there, you can do some management of your team, buy some equipment, and get in a battle or two. If you just got home from work and want to raise some deadly warriors unrivalled by all over a few hours, you can do that as well.2. The music is phenomenal! The musical score is rich, catchy, and really well integrated into gameplay. It can get a little repetitive if you just sit on a screen typing a review, but once you get past that and go into battle, the music times itself to explode when the action begins. Definitely makes the combat exciting.3. Optional manual control of the gladiators. You can just sit back and grab some popcorn to see the AI struggle against the enemy, or decapitate them with ease. If that's not your style, and you really just want to slice and dice some man potatoes into curly fries, then pick your champion when you enter. You can switch to someone else if you want the AI to control your current guy.4. The combat scales well to challenge you as you advance in the timeline. There are times where you look at your proposed opponents and just know it means suicide sending your team in. Luckily, the game does give you the option to be a coward. Or you can just toss a guy in and hope for the best with the AI in control, or try to out-play the enemy with manual control.5. Integrated Twitch functions. This game can link to your Twitch account and give you varying benefits (or downsides if your chat is cruel). It can grab names from your viewers and place them in the game as either your recruits, or the opposing forces. The chat has the option to cheer or boo for you, and this directly affects your gold income. Optional subscriber mode only, thankfully!Cons;1. There was only one bug I ran into so far, and it was a bit of a time waster. Had to wait a few minutes for combat to end due to a gladiator getting stuck. The devs are aware of it, and communicate with the community. So that is kind of a pro and a con.2. As mentioned above, the music does get a little repetitive. As awesome as it is, you may end up using your own music later on. No matter how amazing something is, it is always a little less than great after the hundredth time experiencing it.3. There are some slight balance issues with special items you can get in the game. While it is completely randomized, you will know it when you see it. Can't say more without spoiling some of the story.4. You will quickly find out that you just don't have enough space for all the men and employees you want to hire. I know it is designed to make you choose who to keep and who to get rid of, but the hoarder in me cries every time I have to ditch a good/great base gladiator because my others are well trained.5. The graphics are simplistic. Sometimes a little too pixelated for my taste. They still do well with what they have, though I wouldn't have minded just a tiny bit more detail.TL;DR - Overall, this game is a solid 8/10. Great music, but a little repetitive. Pixelated graphics may be a bit of a turn-off, but it makes up for it with exceptional action and entertainment. Optional manual control or pure management style of play. Twitch integration, for better or for worse. Certainly worth the money at full price."
,Recommended,535230,32952185,Posted: 28 June,all,Jinkeez,"A Gladiator...Management...Roguelike..?  I guess it'd be fair to call it that!  This is the best game I've played since FTL.  You'll spend half your time watching your gladiators train, while you manage your estate, your staff, your roster, and their equipment. Occasionally, you'll be prompted to make various political decisions. The rest of your time will be spent watching your gladiators hack other gladiators to bloody pieces, and praying that your gladiators remain in an un-hacked state! You have no control over the battle unless you research an upgrade to take control of a single fighter, but I think it's more fun to just watch the AI duke it out.  It's such a blast! The music is incredible and adds a lot of excitement to the proceedings. This game is a steal at the sale price!"
76561198056497556,Recommended,535230,32758097,Posted: 24 June,all,SirKawaine,"I put 3,000 gold into my first guy. His name was Ironius and he was magnificent. He killed all of the bosses in 2-3 shots. Then he ran away, and I cried. 10/10"
76561197967849245,Recommended,535230,31068552,Posted: 10 April,all,Dirty Dan,"Great Game, love the idea, really cool that I can basically be a manager and send my fighters to their death... or not. But the end game is very abrupt. You only have a certain amount of time and if you don’t do it right there is no continuing. There should be an endless mode, or something that can let you play longer and really build a prestigious fighters guild or whatever you want to call it."
76561198127383320,Recommended,535230,31004031,Posted: 7 April,all,SoulOfTime,"An intense and engaging Management game!A bit short (there are no saves anyway…)But I found myself cheering for my gladiators every match.Super satisfying to see your great management and choice lead to victory andavoid the death of your fighters.If you like management games and can play longer games sessions (Since there are no saves),I recommend this game!"
76561198027336265,Recommended,535230,33352486,Posted: 7 July,all,Alex,baszatási
76561198013517696,Recommended,535230,32051561,Posted: 29 May,all,Mister Baddazz,"This is really easy to pick up and widely entertaining. I am intrigued by the Twitch integration and wish I could participate in those arenas. Unfortunately, my old laptop can barely run it to completion so I'm left to dabble on mild difficulty with the AI running the show most of the time."
,Recommended,535230,31231647,Posted: 18 April,all,"The Man who said ""Meh""","I LOVE THIS GAME. This game is very simple, realistic, and provides epic battles. These battles can range from one on ones, to epic many vs many with lions and golioths. Your gladiators in the game are highly coustomizable, giving a sort of skill tree of armor and wepons. There is also an in depth skill, skill tree (I know that's redundant) that lets you unlock new abilitys, and stat upgrades. The anamations are wounderful, and the soundrack is my one of my favorates. The game machanics are simple: block, attack, roll. These three ways of fighting gives the game a Dark Souls fell.However this game doesn't come without it's cons. The game has no save feture at the moment, and it takes around 2hrs to finish the game. This can get frustrating a lot of the time. There is only one ""gamemode"" at the moment that is brutally hard, and gives you no room for mistakes. If your champion gladiator dies in this game to some lucky no name arena scub, you might aswell start over. This is the thing I hate most about this game, it doesn't let you make mistakes. The game says, ""you won this battle, good here are some coins"". ""Oh so you lost? How about you let this run go suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥in the backroom. Just start over"". There is no gammode that is casual and just lets you chill."
,Recommended,535230,31314132,Posted: 23 April,all,Kame,"Aside from the occasional perfomance hiccup and tedious micro-management(no thanks to the trash UI), this game is fast, brutal and occasionally unfair. I love it."
76561198167751722,Recommended,535230,33995102,Posted: 3 August,all,Mister_Steak,Ever watch Spartacus and think there should be a gladiator management game that lets you bring a crappy ludus to glory and riches? Well here it is.
76561198044351294,Recommended,535230,34057294,Posted: 6 August,all,Double M,HELL YES! Hands down one of the best games I have played this yead. Every aspect of the game is amazing (with the small exception of the tutorial not being the best they can be).But OH MY GOD is the gameplay good and the ending blew me away.This game thaught me a lesson in humility.
,Recommended,535230,33510058,Posted: 13 July,all,Gold Geo,"A game about training gladiators!Click here for a detailed video review!Domina is a fantastic idea with reasonable execution. If you like simulators, team builders or tycoon games then I expect you'll enjoy this.I would recommend playing it without controlling your fighters as it makes the game much more interesting.The only downside is that it's short, but it has reasonable replayability."
76561198009903346,Not Recommended,535230,30948156,Posted: 4 April,all,Qalaxy,"Video Text Transcript Belowhttps://youtu.be/8JflPQAeXgwLet’s get right to it! Diving in, we’re greeted with of a simple tutorial that doesn’t do all that well of a job explaining how things work. It took some fiddling before I figured out some of the more “in depth” features.The whole premise of this game is that you’re put into the role of training gladiators. And that’s – really it hahah. The point is to train your fighters to compete in the arena. You accomplish this in a somewhat boring fission, right clicking. There is a way to manage what stat a gladiator prioritizes training – but that’s about the extent of control you have. This game has a heavy emphasis on simulation with very little actual gameplay.There are three classic gladiator classes to pick from when training a new recruit. Murmilla, Thraex, and Retiarius. Yes, I know I butchered the pronunciations. These three would have been considered the primary classes in ye olden days, however, there were many-many other classes of gladiator available – and it’s kind of a shame they didn’t bother adding any more.Along with training you can upgrade your gladiators gear by again, right clicking. There is a big selection of gear upgrades  - and achieving the best possible equipment is difficult. Losing a match and living will often downgrade your gear which can be a little annoying as you tend to run into the issue of not having enough gold to repurchase your losses. This means that if you’re not well established with more than one good fighter then it could spell game over.Ah – game over… There’s absolutely no way to save. That’s… an interesting choice of direction. I quit the game to go eat a some lunch and came back trying to figure out how to load an autosave - and was quickly smacked in the face with the conclusion that there were no saves. I just don’t understand the reasoning behind this, and quite frankly think this is the game’s biggest downfall. I haven’t looked at any other reviews yet as I want to do this unbiased – but I feel like this is going to be the biggest gripe people will have.The actual gladiator battles ARE entertaining. The violent dance that is presented is an awesome spectacle to behold. At first you will be forced into only watching as your gladiator that you just spent the last 10 minutes training helps impale himself on the enemy’s spear. This can be a little frustrating and disheartening – but at least it looks good, right? Eventually, you’ll unlock the upgrade that allows you to control your fighters first hand.This is where I think the game really starts to kick in and the fun level starts to show. I did get quite a bit of enjoyment going in and fighting. It wasn’t easy winning some battles –- well at least when you die you don’t feel the aggravation of the poor AI claiming your hard placed clicks.Lastly, let’s talk about what this game is really about – the music. Omergerd, the music is so good in this game. I wasn’t joking in my intro when I said this game is just one big advertisement. They throw the option to purchase the soundtrack in your face every chance they get. And I’ll be damned if I don’t buy it after this review – with my refund money hahah.In conclusion, I have to say this game was interesting. I did enjoy myself taking part in the fights, however, at the current $10 they’re asking I must question their logic. I’ll repeat myself, this feels absolutely like a $3 mobile game - at best. I honestly don’t see myself getting more than a couple hours and that makes me sad inside. Not only at the amount of money I spent, but at the hopes that it could have been something much more.tl;dr add a save function."
76561198080857702,Recommended,535230,31675722,Posted: 10 May,all,Definitely Not Ahmad,"I like this game even though I have only played a little. However, there is one glaring issue. SURRENDERRING DOES NOT ♥♥♥♥ING MATTER BECAUSE I HAVE NEVER NOT HAD SOMEONE EXECUTED. IT'S ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AND NEEDS TO BE FIXED, OR NOT I AM NOT A DEVELOPER."
76561198079632407,Recommended,535230,31001014,Posted: 7 April,all,DrGrif,"I was iffy about buying the game after I learned there is no save feature but decided to give it a shot anyways since its only $10 and I'm glad I did. First of all the game has a time limit so theres only about 2 hrs before you reach end game whether you want to or not, you will likely be restarting after having your best gladiators slaughtered a few times before you work out strats that work for you.I've only beat the game on normal twice and now I'm about to try the hardest difficulty with 7 hrs recorded, now that may not seem like a lot of play time but considering the cost I'd say its more than worth it.Lets be honest, most of you complaining about the no save feature spend more than $10 on McDonalds daily... :/"
76561198058815927,Recommended,535230,32747461,Posted: 24 June,all,Miflof,"This game appeared on my list on the steam summer sale and i thought, why not and bought it for 5 bucks.I can say, i did not expect this, this game is really great with so many things to do. At first I was a worriesd, because i got my♥♥♥♥♥beaten multiple times, with stuff like enemys onehitting your best gladiator or just really bad luck with RNG, but after i managed to make some progress, i managed to get quite the fightin prowess. But slowly it dawned to me, that one of my Gladiators was Ridiculously overpowered. I sent him alone against some regional bosses just to test hime out and he butchered them in mere seconds, it was ♥♥♥♥ing hillarious. By the end of the game he was so Strong, he butchered the endboss ans his army in a matter of seconds like a tornado of death.To talk about som game mechanics, even if they are simple, they work very fine and nothing seems to be useless or out of playce. I can only fully recommend the game to everyone. It may seem a bit difficult at first, but after some basic game concept are clear, it all becomes much more fluid. This is the first game, that made me care foe my pawns or gladiators in this case, i even hired an Architect just to build a privat room for my favourite gladiator. I am sure i will play this game for many hours to come.10/10 would create a supersoldier again."
,Recommended,535230,31249662,Posted: 19 April,all,Pieman3K,"First shot at a review so how should I start?""You stubbed your toe and dropped a delicious sandwich on the floor.""""The world can be a cruel place."" 10/10Alright, seriously now. For starters, don't fool yourself with the petty playtime as it is now, I have been experiencing this game from far long before its release, mainly content from playtesters (game owners! refer to the in-game credits, every single one of them had a major role in it!), regardless of how many bugs it had back then. I have seen progression, passion in looking into issues, patches that barely took a day to be mended, and I can assure you, the experience is worth it, especially at a pricetag of $10 or regional equivalent. I even remember the bit of chaos it was to see the stream bot being fine tuned for proper feedback towards either twitch cheering or just !boo ing your favorite streamer out of their in-game reward... it was a nice day.It is meant to be a 3-4 hour game, yes. There are flaws, yes. There will always be room for improvement (which it constantly is, without the Early Access baloney), but I can tell you, the experience I've had from it was far more enjoyable and deserves a lot more.The soundtrack alone is a selling point, fitting and well done, if you're not convinced, go check out bignic's bandcamp and give it a try(https://bignic.bandcamp.com/album/domina), alternatively, watch a stream and see how it goes, glory even in the face of inevitable failure.But I have delayed you long enough. If you like a relatively lightweight (on your PC) gladiator management sim with an outstanding soundtrack. By all means buy it. I highly reccomend it.By the way I can assure you that Bignic is constantly looking for feedback, wether it is game or stream bot related.EDIT 1: I mentioned ""go check out the soundtrack"" as a selling point but my forgetful self forgot to conveniently place the link on the review. Here it is againhttps://bignic.bandcamp.com/album/dominaEDIT 2/UPDATE: It now has not only savefiles as it was implemented and patched properly a long time ago, it now has a pause button for micromanaging (space bar) AND endless mode. Also combat/diffculty reward apparently got balanced to a proper pace. BLEED ON!"
76561198016725385,Recommended,535230,31265099,Posted: 20 April,all,Eek a Moose,"Great game, great music, has a save feature."
,Recommended,535230,31253468,Posted: 20 April,all,Casa,The game finally has a save feature.A big thank you to Bignic for constantly working on his great game.
76561197971124277,Recommended,535230,30922751,Posted: 3 April,all,Error,"Did you like Spartacus: Blood and sand?Well heads up! This game is EXACTLY like that. Except without the boobs and slavegirl orgies. And the leader of the Ludus looks like a pixelated Lucy Lawless! If you Squint, And use your imagination!It does have the violence though, all of that sweet sweet pixel blood!And did I mention the slavegirl orgies? IMAGINATION!Oh it doesn't have a save feature and that sucks but you can just imagine it has one. Maybe the dev can imagine up a basic feature that most games have had since like 1987, or maybe not!I like it."
,Recommended,535230,31020728,Posted: 8 April,all,nosirrbro,"SAVING HAS BEEN IMPLEMENTEDIts a great game which many reviews are not reccomending due to lack of saving. However, in the new beta, there is now a save function. In order to use it, you have to 'crash' your game by closing it with task manager (alt+f4 or even quit to menu occasionally works but its unreliable)Why they do not simply make saving ubiquotous I dont know, but at least its there."
76561198070555256,Recommended,535230,31640195,Posted: 8 May,all,solonthebandit,"Really solid game, great soundtrack. Reminds me of a simplified more chaotic Roman themed Darkest Dungeon. Dev seems cool too.Worth $10 imo"
76561198003980451,Recommended,535230,32088551,Posted: 31 May,all,VISSERMANSVRIEND,Very nice game. Marvelous music. I would like to see the endless game mode expanded.
,Recommended,535230,32098517,Posted: 31 May,all,Chuck,10/10
,Recommended,535230,31552536,Posted: 4 May,all,JZSNooB,ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!Pro's-best soundtrack since undertale (if not better)-lots of fun-funny♥♥♥♥♥dialogs-dev is cool-frequent minor updatesCon's-RNG can fk u over-no endless mode
,Recommended,535230,32229026,Posted: 6 June,all,| Mystic |,it was flooding and i died due to lack of water10/10
76561198163987423,Recommended,535230,32076117,Posted: 30 May,all,wolfspire,"Fun game love the concept, it has a fair amout of content and you can seem to play it for hours. I just got it and it isn't the easiest game but it is still was worth buying."
76561198033302294,Recommended,535230,32064727,Posted: 30 May,all,Jazzmatazz,Fantastic :DGladiators                                    CheckBlood & Gore                               CheckPit Fights                                     CheckLions                                           CheckAwesome                                     CheckSoundtrack that ♥♥♥♥s your mind    Check10/10 Russel Crowe points
76561198007409592,Recommended,535230,32070966,Posted: 30 May,all,Ulfgar Ardo,A must have.I wish this one guy would the the money to expand this to no end. This is amazing now but I can just imagine what would this be with a proper time and budget !
,Recommended,535230,32077655,Posted: 30 May,all,Lord Shaftesbury,"If you have any interest in game design, I recommend you pick up this game. Not because it is flawless, it definitly isn't, but it's an excellent case study of what happens if you don't have enough playtesters. This game intends to be as brutally difficult as the gladitorial fights featured. If you're longing for a game that don't hold your hand just like your favorite classics, this is the game to make you question why you liked them in the first place. You will lose, lose again, think you may have finally succeded before the game laughs at your hubris and smites you utterly."
76561197989267116,Recommended,535230,32072109,Posted: 30 May,all,MrGoose,Amazing Game and an awesome developer! 10/10
76561198064563462,Recommended,535230,31900478,Posted: 22 May,all,kurt,100% worth every cent. Domina is a fantastic game I love the concept and how it is executed. It is a challenging game which  makes the victories all the more better. But it isn't too hard with the lower modes and you being able to pause so you can mirco all the men and take your time. I definitly recommend this game its a fantastic stratgey game and really enjoyable to play with its little quirks stuff. In summary 10/10 would recommend again.
76561198158149244,Recommended,535230,32169197,Posted: 3 June,all,tuckboat,Excellent game. It's more than the sum of it's parts which makes reviewing it a little tough and I see plenty of love hear already so I'll just leave on this note.8.5/10
76561198088445578,Recommended,535230,32782861,Posted: 25 June,all,holdstillcwo,I loved it i wish it had more replayability
,Recommended,535230,32784067,Posted: 25 June,all,SpacePope42,Awesome gladiator game with retro graphics. Thumbs up!
76561197962037856,Recommended,535230,32808486,Posted: 26 June,all,Salt Monkey,"Really enjoying this game, fantastic art, style and game play. The flexibility to build your ludus in different ways is fantastic, with the ability to build one dominant Gladiator or build a solid team using specialists where needed.The game play is suprising deep, but also easy to pick and just play. Saving your Domina is tough, but doable just on the pro gamer level!Well done, for building such a polished game!"
,Recommended,535230,32815538,Posted: 26 June,all,Lorgar (Chris),"The steam sale coincided perfectly with a personal monthly roman and Latin study challenge. On that note, the historical side of the game seems pretty accurate and it was pretty cool picking up some new words.As for the game - highly recommended.+ Simple but fun combat system+ Gladiator training tech trees work well+ 3 gladiator classes that play very differently+ Jupiter's Blessings allow for some great customisation and unique gladiator options+ Large choice of employees you can hire which provide various bonuses in and out of the arena+ Easily accessible- The AI for multiple v multiple fights means all gladiators scramble to the middle. Would be nice to have group battles starting out as series' of 1v1s- The 2nd and 3rd gladiator classes take too long to research- Would be nice to have matches of more varying difficulty available at all times, so your noobs can enter the fray with more of a chance of surviving and developing. The current game favours focusing on 1 or 2 gladiators- The purpose of influencing the Legate and Magister (NPCs visiting your villa) was kind of lost on me-/+ There's not THAT much content although not all games should be designed as major time sinks. I'll be revisiting this game a lot.OVERALL: 8/10"
,Recommended,535230,32759098,Posted: 24 June,all,pr1mus,"i enjoy this quite a bit, though it begs for a career mode or something similar."
76561198017792187,Recommended,535230,32759852,Posted: 25 June,all,War Daddy,"Are you willing to spend hours upon hours of training the deadliest, most efficient gladiators?To then witness all your diligent planning, rigorous training regiments, hard earned equipment, and battlehardened gladiators all perish in a matter of seconds in a 6 V 6 fight to the death spectacle?Fear no more. You, YES YOU, can make that all happen by playing this beautiful game.10/10 would watch all my best gladiators die in 2.6 seconds again."
,Recommended,535230,32755892,Posted: 24 June,all,Lemon Rust,-good music-good art-good gameplayI only wish there were more classes added & new stuff
,Recommended,535230,32789281,Posted: 25 June,all,Lemonade,"Bought a bunch of well known games and this one during the summer sale, ended up playing this one the most. This game is hilarious and addicting.spending 5 dollars for 10+ hours of fun is defenitely worth it."
76561198095522533,Recommended,535230,33355637,Posted: 7 July,all,Seasoned | »Black Dick Jizzal,Watch the show Spartacus at the same time.  You will not be more in the zone. ;)
76561198150443449,Recommended,535230,33361464,Posted: 7 July,all,meow,">built a gladiator with 40 agility, 40 strength, 40 attack, 40 defense>absolutely conquer rome with little resistance>up pops a harmless notification>there is an assassination plot against the magistrate>choose to help my best friend and slave trader>I AM KILLED INSTEAD AND LOSE EVERYTHING10/10 would lose my empire again"
,Recommended,535230,33401780,Posted: 9 July,all,Professor Cupcake,"This is a fairly solid management game, with a sort of two-phase gameplay that's somewhat comparable to the XCOM series. In the ludus, you equip your gladiators, arrange their training, research, build things, manage resources and so on - in the above comparison, that'd be the Geoscape. Then, in the fights, you desparately hope that it was all enough as your guy squares off against today's no doubt fearsome opponent. Fights are short, brutal, and incredibly cathartic. You'll usually find yourself getting attached to a few of your gladiators (another XCOM similarity), for their value as a fighter if nothing else, making it all the more heartbreaking when they inevitably die, escape, or simply get released (if you're kind enough...).Which brings me onto the major issue with this game: it has a serious balancing problem. Again going back to XCOM for a moment, if you lose your top squad in that (and weren't smart enough to have a contingency), it's almost always an option to scrape together what's left and try to build up from the ruins. Even if you can't, it's the seed for a dramatic story of your eventual gruelling defeat that plays out fantastically. In this, you lose even a single one of your well-trained gladiators, and you may as well quit and restart right there. There are no tactical decisions that can overcome the experience gap, neither are there any ways you can try and get them up to the level you need in time. You will never recover, and it doesn't even make for a particularly fun losing scenario either. So it certainly needs something extra there, such as maybe the option to enter some lower-risk fights or something.However, despite that one massive gripe, I still very much recommend this game. Even more so for its greatest feature:The god-damn soundtrack.Brutal, dirty beats that are synced to the gameplay, with every single track perfectly evoking the brutality of the arena with trouser-tightening effectiveness. If nothing else, buy this for its soundtrack. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,535230,33248774,Posted: 4 July,all,yazuta,After a short time of learning domina gives you the excitement of spartacus :)
,Recommended,535230,32823190,Posted: 26 June,all,Mattini,This game is one of my favorite games but in its current state its too buggyjust earlier i lost ALL of my gladiators and money to a bugI would recomend but be mindful of the glitches6/10
,Recommended,535230,33454320,Posted: 11 July,all,[GD] Lapis | Lightning Wolf 84%,This game made my day
,Recommended,535230,33436064,Posted: 10 July,all,HelterSkelter937,"The Soundtrack is awesome the game is very nice maybe a bit short,Management aspect is pretty good.Game is pretty unique(it kinda remembered me on Punch Club from the Gameplay)The price was alright since i enjoyed the game,maybe however wait for a sale if you are uncertain.Never grow attached to one of your gladiators... its better for you..."
,Recommended,535230,33439896,Posted: 10 July,all,Sorensen,"One of the best management/RPG games I have ever played. Serious fun, I could not put down my first campaign until I completed it."
,Recommended,535230,33396179,Posted: 8 July,all,[kAv]Th3mandalorian,"Hard as ****.Very nice game, lots of possibilities, silly story.And very punishing - type of ftl punishing."
,Recommended,535230,33448618,Posted: 10 July,all,Splatoon,"Came for the gladiating, stayed for the sly sense of humor.  Need to dig into it more to see how complex the management systems actually are on subsequent playthroughs, but I've had fun experimenting my first few go arounds, and I already feel like I've gotten my money's worth in severed limbs and decapitations by mah boy, Da Loppa. I tend to forgive a lot in a game with style, and this game's got style to spare, enough so that I'm looking forward to checking out the developer's previous game. Easy thumbs up for the price."
76561198033042174,Recommended,535230,32702840,Posted: 23 June,all,Insperato,"Pick random cheapest naked guy. HP drops down to 1 or 2. Runs all over the place. Picks up weapon. Picks up shield. Wins. Repeat until the end. Awesome!!!""Naked guy"" definitely touched by the gods.Amazing music!!!"
,Recommended,535230,33444754,Posted: 10 July,all,IdeaFactory,"Fun for a few hours, worth the $10music 10/10atmosphere 10/10replayability 4/10also controller support would have been nice for the manual fighting"
,Recommended,535230,33360113,Posted: 7 July,all,FACE,"It's kinda broken but it's really fun. Great music and fun fights. I bought it on sale for $4.99 and it's a value.UPDATE - After 15 hours this game is still pretty fun. Yeah it's broken. Really broken. But seeing how much you can exploit the exlpoits is kinda fun too. Also, crank up the difficulty slider. Fight some lions. Get some behemoths. There's some cool stuff here for 15 or 20 hours at least."
76561197974626193,Recommended,535230,31556032,Posted: 5 May,all,pitchwife,"One of the best impulse purchases ever.Nurture your Gladiators. Rename them. Give your main man his own little house. Bond with them as they risk their lives for your glory. Decline their requests for freedom anyway. Gift those you favour with slave girls and equipment.The year is almost up. Standing on a pile of the bodies of the unworthy, you had to learn on the job but bloodletting comes easy to you, especially since you're not the one in the arena. You have do doubt of your success.KNOCK KNOCKWho's there?EMPEROREmperor who?EMPEROR AND HIS SQUAD OF STERIOD HUFFING ADAMANTINE BLOODSPORT MEATHEADSBut I only have like three good gladiators-I HAVE LIKE TWELVEI'm not going to win this, better throw him some useless slave and bounce-AND EACH ONE OF THEM IS STRONGER THAN YOUR BEST GUY LOLUristicus! Your time is now!NOT TO MENTION THE BOSS GUY HAHASo yeah after a year I got to fight the emperor, decided that the best plan was to send him a recently aquired naked slave so my best guys didn't get taken to the bathhouse.This is not the way to win the game"
,Recommended,535230,31797166,Posted: 16 May,all,W1z,"8.5/10 Game for even being 8-bit. Needs more warrior types, and/or more types of arenas/boss enemies would make the game 10 times better. Everyone working on this project take a round of applause for yourselves, yall deserve it."
76561197981929135,Recommended,535230,31115295,Posted: 13 April,all,RedSnowMan,"I really, really, really like this game. It takes a little bit to get into the proper swing of things because the game starts coming at you and counting down the clock the second your feet hit the ground, but once you've got a feel for pacing and what you want; you'll find yourself sending men to bloody damnation with ease. The battles are quick and gruesome(but there's an option to drag them out longer if you like) and the victories and losses hit those nice little switches in your brain really well. There's various random occurences that can bring you boon or bane, and sometimes lions and giant freak people get in the mix.The most obvious critique of this game(I mean, just look around) is that there is no save game; so if you want to put it down and pick it up later you'll have to pause it and leave it standing. I can see this being a flaw to some people, but I personally think it serves a purpose in the game even if it's at the expense of being playable in bite size chunks. Maybe it's my NES roots, but I think Domina plays best in one hot streak. It makes you commit to your failures or start from scratch, and it makes the build up to Rome all the sweeter upon your arrival.Also some guy in the crowd yells at his grandma. It's just a great time."
76561198046678944,Recommended,535230,33378595,Posted: 8 July,all,Hardyson,"Every Man shall not die in old age, sickness or even shame by accident...they shall have their death in Glorius way, thrilling-struggle and pace with adrenalines.with their Sweat, Tear and Blood!, Kill, Slaughter, Butcher in the ARENA,feel the Fear and enjoy the helpless of combat, hear the thundering crowds,and never forget to F#<l< like theres no tomorrow before meet your next opponent,.. it could be your last.Color Bright the ARENA with Bloods !!!"
76561197971951902,Recommended,535230,33381682,Posted: 8 July,all,SaturnFX,"This game is great fun as a burner game. some good scenarios and tactical situations to consider for the short and long game.As a fan of the Spartacus series, this was a decent reminder of elements to the running of the Ludas.I only was wishing for a bit more depth overall in the intrigue of houses/familys/politics (the show Spartacus was quite embroiled in many plots..partys, decisions for selling gladiators (or gifting) for favor and position, etc.  I think a DLC could be made that would really ramp this game up on that end.Anyhow, great little game. Are you not entertained?!!"
76561197972804693,Recommended,535230,33373701,Posted: 8 July,all,UnDeRaTeD,"An unassuming pixel graphics gladiator management sim with some mature content and a procedurally generated narrative.  Simple, not a lot of meat to it, but delicious nonetheless, and worth a bite."
76561198034609565,Recommended,535230,33373897,Posted: 8 July,all,Ramza,"I purchased this game for roughly $10 and I beat it in 9 hours. A great value in my opinion. The game is complete, but there is so much that will likely be added to it. It lacks a meaningful tutorial, and it's a little hard to grasp at first, but it was fun, and I look forward to steam workshop ideas for this game. The ending is also rewarding in my opinion."
76561198019455517,Recommended,535230,33065496,Posted: 30 June,all,Lou Miniati,"I like to send ill equiped, freshly aquired slaves to fight in the pits for giggles."
,Recommended,535230,33317440,Posted: 6 July,all,Arcanon,The slave I sent out beat a fully armed gladiator with just his fists.
76561197981217383,Recommended,535230,33250534,Posted: 4 July,all,Twinzen,"Fun game that requires fast thinking and strategy. But part of the fun is working your way to achieving victory, and then honing your skill to achieve it faster and better every time."
76561198065115093,Recommended,535230,33138075,Posted: 2 July,all,Thomas,If you haven't bought Domina yet may you be condemned to suckle upon Jupiter's♥♥♥♥♥♥for eternity.
,Recommended,535230,33041708,Posted: 30 June,all,WhatsFTW,"I started  playing the game, and i bought this slave with like 100 agility. So i started to train this guy, and a few hours later this boy was op af. With some fanzy cards on him, he was like lvl 500 and did like 3000 dmg. He was sick. He went to the championship alone, and won that♥♥♥♥♥♥ He asked me several times for me to give him his freedom or whatever, and since he was my most op guy I said no. He kept on asking and I kept on saying no. I started to feel bad about this, so i thought i would grant him his freedom. I would take off those fanzy cards i gave him, sell his gear to get som extra cash, etc. But one day THAT ♥♥♥♥ER RAN AWAY. I WAS SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It was no suprise tough. That boy had like 300 agility. He was fast as ♥♥♥♥ boy. I found this other guy, and started training him. He deals like 2000 dmg now, pretty op. Ill try to not get this guy to escape, so I need to invest some money  in walls or something like that (I have like 20 000 coins).Imo this game is pretty fun, even though it plays with my feelings a bit too much."
,Recommended,535230,33181539,Posted: 3 July,all,The SunnDog,You getslaves10/10
76561198035467587,Recommended,535230,33330666,Posted: 6 July,all,Dom bomb,"Fun: YesChallenging? YesFrustrating? Sometimes.Enjoyment factor? At least a few hours of solid play.Probably the biggest factor affecting enjoyment is how quick the fights are; they can be a blur, which sometimes means you're not sure what skills/weaknesses cost your guy his match. When you invest a lot of ""time"" in a fighter, this can be a nuisance. But it shouldn't sour the overall experience."
,Recommended,535230,32786835,Posted: 25 June,all,FighterJet27,"Really good game, I would love to see this with added features and more difficulty"
76561198305766652,Recommended,535230,32645499,Posted: 22 June,all,douriel,"+ this game has an awesome and immersive soundtrack+ the battlesystem and controls are easy to understand+ the game is quite challenging in a good way-not an awesome lot of depth to it, you train your gladiators, send them to battle, buy a bit of food,water and wine and research techs/skills , rinse and repeat-while the battlesystem is easy to understand, its quite hard to really understand when to boost which stat of your gladiator, and which stats are better for which class, some clarification here would be nice-there is more rng to this game than I would like, or at least the game doesnt really tell you why your gladiator with 20 wins under his belt lost against this newbie, whilst your gladiator had better stats in every regard-not much replayabilityin the end, its a nice game for a couple of hours/days , with some minor flaws, generally I dont think its a must play title, but if you can get it whilst its on a sale, definitly go for it"
,Not Recommended,535230,32755453,Posted: 24 June,all,Jolly Rancher,"This wasn't for me.  My main problem was that there were quite a few bugs that would lead to frustrations (like losing my best gladiator when I set him to be under my control, but the game putting manual control on the first fighter instead and leaving my fighter to the AI RNG).  The game was also pretty short without much depth.  I'm not saying it doesn't have charm though, it does, the art is pretty great, and the music is too, plus it's not that expensive.  But, in my opinion there are better games out there to spend money on, this seemed more suited to a mobile time killer game instead of the gladiator simulation with cool fights I was hoping for."
,Recommended,535230,33891441,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr Gandarf,"Hired slaves with no weapons and sent them into the arena to die and watched them get slaughtered. One time I decided to train the slaves somehow one of them survived and became a complete badass that when I wanted to kill him sent him into a 1 v 10 and he won.Awesome soundtrack , Great fights and I love this game."
76561198072521581,Recommended,535230,30926785,Posted: 3 April,all,Marshal Phibun,"Give us a save feature.Thanks.Edit: Save feature has been added.Good fun game.Coul've been cheaper, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,535230,30928906,Posted: 3 April,all,Silver,"The game itself is fun and challenging. The media that you see, youtubers, streamers, it's exactly like what you get.Edited review: Save feature = must buy."
,Recommended,535230,30960842,Posted: 5 April,all,ㄧˋㄇㄛˇㄙㄢㄈㄣㄌㄟˋSuen,nice game
76561198024773591,Recommended,535230,30931075,Posted: 3 April,all,moonlightavenger,"The developer has added the save function people have been asking for. This makes this game, for me, near-perfect. The game looks great, sounds great and plays great. Every different play will be different and that makes for really good replay value. Random events are interesting and add to the game's atmosphere. There are constant updates from the developer and, though I've never encoutered a bug, except for a simple visual glitch, inspires confidence that the game won't be abandoned half-finished.Now I can recomend this game, because it's a masterpiece of visual style and is fun to play."
,Recommended,535230,30972646,Posted: 5 April,all,Samafoof,"It's an amazing game, but for the love of god put a save function on. Or atleast do an unlimited time limit option.Update: Thank you for listening! I now give it a full throttled thumbs up!"
76561198116806530,Recommended,535230,32782636,Posted: 25 June,all,paulbrumfield,"This is a fun game that has some nice fast-paced combat. I recommend this game, especially at the $5 sale vale, but I wouldn't expect to get more than 5-10 hours of play out of it. I played through the campaign twice in 6 hours, one on Mild and another on Normal, it was fun.Pros:- Dope soundtrack that gets you in the battling mood.- Combat is fun and easy to get used to.- Looks good, it really embraces in pixel roots.- The campaign is quick and can be completed in 2-3 hours (check cons for other side to this point)Cons:- The game is a little shallow; I'd like to see more classes with bigger differences in combat styles, weapon and armor types, and different addons to your villa that will have meaning impacts on the game.- There needs to be a save file feature so you can have more than one game saved at a time.- As mentioned, the campaign is short and sweet but it could really use some other features (and possibly multiple different endings based on how you interact with the NPCs).All in all I recommend this game, especially if it's on sale and you're looking for a quick little run through."
,Recommended,535230,33257916,Posted: 4 July,all,Rabcor,"This is a pretty fun little management game (read: slave training game) where you are meant to train gladiators to win a national gladiatorial tournament that happens after an in-game year. While each individual playthrough (assuming you reach the end) will not take very long(1-2 hours), the game has two possible endings which I will not spoil. The biggest fun in this game is to challenge yourself to win the game with different strategies and at higher difficulties. One gladiator to rule them all? A legion of trained supersoldiers? Do you want to buy pre-trained slaves? Do you want to train them from level 1 yourself? What class of gladiators do you want to use?The game is not as deep as it (successfully) pretends to be, it's actually a pretty simple game, but it's a game with few well designed mechanics instead of many poorly designed ones and that is ok in my book as it makes an all around solid gameplay experience. Maybe next time I'll try to win with a guy wearing nothing but his underwear :D or a lion! (wonder if it's possible to win with these...)This game is essentially all about gameplay and none about story and as such it has awesome gameplay, you can choose to control your gladiators or you can let them be AI controlled (I always did AI controlled though, it was more fun to watch the carnage than to participate imo) it's maybe a bit short but it's one of those games that's all about replay value, and does so successfully. I enjoyed this game a lot more than I thought I would, and I definitely recommend it.My only two complaints about it would be that even at it's hardest difficulty the game is pretty easy (what gets hard is only the beginning of the game, not the late game, or that's how I experienced it anyways) and that when you get slaves as a reward for winning matches, even if you sometimes get them fully equipped they are always level 1 untrained cannonfodder pieces of trash. (Normally there's nothing to do with them except sell them or free them, because you can't actually train them to become useful in combat since as the game progresses all your opponents get significantly stronger, a slave training every second of the game from the start to the end will be very weak compared to a slave that has won 4 or 5 battles, winning a battle boosts stats significantly more than actual training does, even if you have all the upgrades that make training faster active. These are the only poor design choices I've noticed, but I guess difficulty scaling gets pretty hard for a management game which sorta explains it."
76561198011517978,Recommended,535230,33286069,Posted: 5 July,all,rick,"Couldnt recommend enough. Not a huge amount of game 1st play maybe 3hrs, but as the wife pointed out ive been quite for hours :)"
,Recommended,535230,32638619,Posted: 22 June,all,JPott99,"Having held off on purchasing Domina due to a lack of a save system, I proceeded to play a complete playthrough in one sitting, which only took about 2 hours. It is an interesting management sim (I never actually took control of the gladiatiors), although random chance can screw you. In my game, I had a gladiator, Publius, who was essentially god tier. He had all the best equipment, and could kill nearly all enemies without taking a hit. I was on the last day before the final battle in Rome, and Publius escaped. It is at this point I should point out my Ludus was rather reliant on Publius, and everyone else was basically killed immediately in the fight.10/10 would be betrayed by my best gladiator again."
76561197969347258,Recommended,535230,32161947,Posted: 3 June,all,Red_Earth,Sims meets Gladiator.
,Recommended,535230,31246631,Posted: 19 April,all,agauss,"I'm going to be perfectly honest - I haven't played enough of this game. Yesterday, I picked this game up hoping for a bit of fun after having known of its existence for about a week or two. I played for about two hours, but I got frustrated, since my main gladiators kept getting killed off later in the game. Today, I decided that I'd go through one full run and then play a different game. I started at about 5:00 and I'm writing this at about 6:30. It turns out that the way that the difficulty of the contender of the next fight is based on the number of victories of your most powerful unit (or something around those lines.) at this point, my most powerful gladiator was dead, so the one that replaced him had 0 wins. I like this system, as it adds an element of forgiveness to an otherwise completely unforgiving game, making it much more enjoyable and much less challenging to keep playing. My most powerful unit at that point ended up becoming an absolute badass, wielding a two handed sword and not taking prisoners. 10/10, would punch Jupiter in the groin again."
76561198055966238,Recommended,535230,31237235,Posted: 19 April,all,-Thomson-,verry fun little game. i can recommend it but there are some problems for me some sort of memoryleak that will make your game lag verry hard at the ludis screen. the save♥♥♥♥♥♥is not really a issue because its a small campaign. but i would love to see a bigger campaign with this setup en a save option.-update-dont have the lag in the ludis screen anymore.can fully recommend it now
,Recommended,535230,32999424,Posted: 29 June,all,Red Panda,"-Start new game-Situation thing pops up, I can chose to help one of two people, and these two are enemies.-I help the guy that sells slaves.-Other guy now says ""Jupiter's balls"" every once a while and hates me.10/10"
76561198022075571,Recommended,535230,33279655,Posted: 5 July,all,Tarcus,"Great indie game. Spartacus is one of my favourite TV shows and this game is like a computer game version of it. Basically you manage a ludus, play the politcal game with officials, manage your gladiators, do murder and intrigue all that stuff."
,Recommended,535230,32760149,Posted: 25 June,all,JerkingJoker,Absolutely awesome game! Got it on sale for around $5AUD and have pretty much finished it within 3 hours but wow. At first I didn't really understand what to do and how to do certain things but you catch on relatively quick. I'm sure you can get around 10+ hours of content out of this game if you play the endless mode. The only down fall is that the normal mode is uyst to damn short! would give a 8.5-9/10
,Recommended,535230,32773868,Posted: 25 June,all,BishopsArch,"Just picked this up for £3 and I would have quite happily paid a good 7 quid. It's awesome. Fun game play, cool mechanics and a great soundtrack. If I had one issue with it, is that there is no level cap, so the late game you just have this mosterous Gladiatior that is literally unkillable. I'm fighting, 9-10 guys and I'm cutting them down like tall grass, it's a little ridiculous. Otherwise though, this is an amazing game and I would recommend!"
,Recommended,535230,32772157,Posted: 25 June,all,kearnel,"bought this game in the sale, and just played 5 mins, im hooked, what an amazing game"
76561198090339123,Recommended,535230,33272026,Posted: 5 July,all,Flying Fox,"This game is really good if you like management/tycoon kind of games. But, the whole story is too short and you can win the game within 3 hours max. This game is very fun but unfortunately really small and end quickly, only buy it if the price is less than $4"
,Recommended,535230,33113951,Posted: 1 July,all,Stonetailz,"-Started a new game-Losing lots of fighters except for one named Gallus who keeps winning everything thrown at him-I start to run out of money due to gladiator losses, but Gallus is keeping my lanista funded-Even though I'm low on money I make sure Gallus was happy to ensure his loyalty-Magistrate's son asks to come for a visit which I happily agree to-Gallus butchers the magistrate's son, jumps the wall of the lanista and escapes-My lanista begins it's inevitable downfall-Would train a murderous gladiator again if I had the chance"
,Recommended,535230,33441291,Posted: 10 July,all,Koh,"Before the review, to the developers:  Don't think I didn't notice how you crafted the arena battles to start at the perfect point in the music, wherever it may have been in the song when you start the battle.  This awesome attention to audio alone is enough for me to follow your studio because so few games get that type of thing right. *roman applause*Review-------------Pros:• Excellent art style and effects• Snappy menus• Sublime music running from industrial/tech action to atospheric ambience• You'll learn how to not suck quite so much after one playthrough when skipping the tutorial• You'll name a gladiator something like GUNDERKILL and you'll find yourself hopping out of your chair going ♥♥♥♥ YEAH GUNDERKILL!!! as he one shot beheads some fool ""renowned warrior"" who knew not of GUNDERKILL. You get those moments and equal ones of (in game relevant) dissapointment a lot.• It makes you feel coniving and controling and ruthless and merciful all at once in the best way• It makes you understand that people under your care food and water to live, which is objectively good in terms of educating real world dictators.Cons:• The absolute biggest con is that everything naturally leads to buffing one gladiator to hell and back. You can barely even get a second one going with more than 4 or 5 victories to their name, if you try to level two, one is going to get cut down and then you'll be left with a weaker main...who will probably get cut down.  Moreover your main becomes pretty unstoppable every time.  Even more moreover (SPOILERS PAST HERE) unless you release your main right before the championship (which pretty ensures your glads will lose) you're not going to survive as Domina in the ring no matter how many plebs you released to come help you at the end. I'm sure there are ways to do it but it dampens the replay value as everything sort of funnels the same way every time. This game could be legendary with some rethinking!• The second biggest con is, while the player input idea is neat and welcome, combat could be way more robust. First, you have to relearn moves every game so you can't do the good stuff until you have like 3 matches left anyway.  Second it feels too much like your input doesn't matter if the ai decides it should be winning even if you're really good. Which I am.  Because GUNDERKILL. Please develop the combat into awesomesauce because this too could be oh-so-good.• The third con for me is that I freed so many people that in the end the giant chorus of THANK YOU audio and absolute tsunami of sword fodder pretty much locked up my (powerful) computer and when it finally unstuttered after 5 entire minutes Domina was still dead.• Needs keyboard shortcuts to access the trainer and other commonly accessed areas of the game or you're mousing all over the place.• Needs buttons for ""reward all gladiators"" and trying to manage gear on a constant influx of glads is kind of a nightmare.• Would be cool if the Magestrate, Imperator, and Domina had some animations going to add to their personalities.  Drinking, lounging, whoring, yelling, writing, walking over to their sponsered gald and patting them on the head like ""good dog.""  Stuff like that. Employees too because they are close to fixed images right now.Anyway, this game is just fun. It could be the absolute best with some changes.  Either way definately worth the price as it stands!"
,Recommended,535230,32884771,Posted: 27 June,all,Gli7ch,<3
76561197974156175,Recommended,535230,33147192,Posted: 2 July,all,timmy,"This game needs a save device of some sort, I really like it but there has to be a way to save and take a break from the game."
76561198143264219,Recommended,535230,33057193,Posted: 30 June,all,twilight135,I don't like pixel graphics but the game is fun to play.It's just need to be a little bit longer and harder to finish.
,Not Recommended,535230,33145256,Posted: 2 July,all,Wasted,"The game got a lot going for it and perhaps it is an example of where the developer reached its goals with the product and the music, art and presenation are all excellent.The problem I have is that I find the game horribly frustrating and in the end boring to play - perhaps I feel it is too random with too many unknowns.I did read some guides after my first attempts and it turned the game into a breeze as my one man army just would one shot almost everything. This however was just a grind without any real challange and in the end felt pointless.So I tried restarting and it developing a different strategy but exploration is punished fairly hard if your guys dies (not to mention that I have zero interest in the click feast involved in keeping a gladiator alive if they surrender).Shame since I am certain the game is excellent for some, just not for me, and so I can not recommend it."
,Recommended,535230,33146940,Posted: 2 July,all,Tjodd,Cool little game. I'd like to see a bit more depth though.
76561198017058734,Recommended,535230,33208164,Posted: 3 July,all,Paradox,"Fun little game. Can be a bit frustrating at first if you don't know how to play or what's going on. The ending is one of the best ""mechanics as metaphor"" examples i've seen in a game, it's worth it just for that moment. I love that the game had gore/cursing and didn't feel the need to censor itself.Overall, reccomended for a low price point. I won't be replaying it, but i loved the time i did have."
,Recommended,535230,33214920,Posted: 3 July,all,xPT Yorakirro,"Early game is pretty enjoyable, but the late game is pretty boring once you get to the point of 1-hitting literally everyone. Seems to have some balancing issues, but overall is a really entertaining game mainly for people looking to kill some time. A lot of the dialog and the random event things are pretty funny.If you do get the game, make sure you really listen to what the crowd is saying, it's probably one of the best aspects of the game."
,Recommended,535230,33102917,Posted: 1 July,all,Cspofas,"An absolutely amazing game and the music in this game is a wonderful enhancement.Note that this game is random, I made one of my gladiators a badass who almost always one-hit killed everyone in the arena, I guess I got lucky, I tried to make other gladiators this godly, but they all died eventually. With that one bad♥♥♥♥♥gladiator, I defeated all the local champions, all of them.First time I played this game, I had no idea  what to do, I had to experiment a lot, later on, during my second run, I'd say I got the hang of the game. So I'd recommend to watch a tutorial video on youtube, as the in-game tutorial doesn't explain a lot to you, though for me it was enough to get started, but I've seen people complain about the tutorial, as it doesn't explain enough on how the game works."
76561198004461774,Recommended,535230,31751904,Posted: 14 May,all,Hibbeldy_HobbLE,"Pretty cool game...-Great concept-Wonderful Pixel art-addicting/challenging-LionsIt WAS kind of awkward when I had family come over so i was wrapping up one last battle on my big screen using Steam Link....And the Gladiator I was fighting says....and I quote....""May Hercules himself %!@$ you in the @$$!""Some people have said the potty humor has sorta conflicted with the immersion of the game-I don't really mind, it adds a cheesey element to it for me i guess...just be ready for it so Grandma doesn't hear it."
76561197998033010,Not Recommended,535230,31549672,Posted: 4 May,all,daniel_mic,"Seems overly complicated.  Some people may appreciate, but I gave it a shot twice and rage quit a couple of times without wanting to come back.Moves too quickly.Not my cup of tea, but the graphics are awesome!"
76561198155571378,Not Recommended,535230,35479834,Posted: 4 October,all,zeeke92,Awesome soundtrack. Amazing idea. Dissapointing execution...
76561198026101679,Not Recommended,535230,35497875,Posted: 5 October,all,GrizBe,"This game is massively biased against the player. I've frequently lost full teams of gladiators to just a single opponant whose battle abilitiy is less then my team.The video shows the gladiators performing abilities they just don't do unless your controlling them, and even when yu are controlling them, its impossible to pull them off.As a sim game, its rather lacking. Training is pretty much just an idle process with you watching a screenfull of your gladiators just bouncing up and down. Spending money upgrading equipment is also rather pointless given if you pit someone against an enemy with better equipment, even if your higher level, you will die.Surrendering is also pointless, you'll get a chance to save your gladiator from death by clicking as fast as you can, however this is physically impossible. You can barely raise the dial a couple of degrees clicking like a madman before your guy has his throat cut.I've less then 2 hours playtime (says 2.7, but part of that was having game paused as I got called away), and I've already finished a full run through of the game.This is a fun game, or one with much replay value or longivity."
,Recommended,535230,31268415,Posted: 20 April,all,100% Syura Juice,"I was waiting until the developer added a save state before I could confidently recommend this game. With it's current version, it finally got one! I believe that this game is well worth $10, as it takes up a lot of planning and managing resources and whatnot. Provides a lot of challenge and you will most likely fail in your first few playthroughs.To make things even better, the developer seems to be fixing and updating the game almost every day, and his comments of future added content and fixes seem promising.The music for this game is also phenomenal. Ranging from calm and soothing piano background music, to hyped up and beat heavy electronic battle music, everything just fits with the game's style. I still love it whenever the music drops the beat after the countdown to the start of a match, it's a really nice touch.While it still has a few issues: Senator and Legate support seems rather ignorable, and specialized gladitorial fights such as group fights, beast fights, and free for alls seem fairly uncommon and rare, with the latter even being non-existent, the game itself is enough fun in its current state that the cheap price worth it. The constant updates are also a huge plus for the game's future."
76561197993672933,Recommended,535230,31273399,Posted: 21 April,all,Nogaxeh,Throw a dude in the pit with a wooden Sword. Watch as he ♥♥♥♥s up a fully armoured opponent. Give him special treats and deck him out in the best of the best equipment. Observe as he wrecks everything you pit him against. Grin as he dominates the world map literally by himself.Cry as he runs away the day before the final tournament and leaves you with a ludus full of scrappy punters who you neglected in favour of your golden haired child.
76561198188815281,Recommended,535230,31327098,Posted: 23 April,all,Woopij,"the game is fun and addictive, it's idea is great and it does a good job in bringing it to life, the only complaint i have is the time limit, every game that has one of these that forces you to quit a long and hard worked on save is idiotic. games that use this feature have repeatedly gotten hate for it and eventually break under the fan pressure or just ignores them and goes down the drain even with a good game and idea. even if you want to keep this function for a more speedious run, than you should be able to turn it on in the settings menu."
76561198040852698,Recommended,535230,31005812,Posted: 7 April,all,Benjaman,"Lost my 3 best gladiators to one spear guy. Several times in several different playthroughs.10/10, best game on Steam."
,Recommended,535230,32775311,Posted: 25 June,all,ＢＩＲＤ　ＵＰ,"-First time ever playing, dies after, what like three days?-Second time playing (right after first time)-Names one guy ""Steel"" and buffs the hell out of him-Steel 1v5s entire bossfights without ever going under 50% HP-Tried out mechanics, lets Lucious go free, Sells Danklord69, busy a couple of highly trained slaves-Highly trained slaves suck♥♥♥♥♥ all die in first battle-Worried over how easy it appareantely is, starts trying to buff other characters-Too late, there is no way to buff a character as every single enemy is wayy to buffed at this point-Steel is still killing everything without any hardships-Last day comes, huge fight and Steel is all alone-Easily kills them all-Some ♥♥♥♥er in the story betrayed me-I myself is put into the arena against 15 other slaves-Lucious comes to help me-Lucious gets♥♥♥♥♥♥on-I get♥♥♥♥♥♥on-Kick god in the scrotum9/10 pretty unfair but you learn how to beat it with every playthroughLike Swords and Sandals+FTLBuy on sale"
,Recommended,535230,32843687,Posted: 26 June,all,OMG Deathclaw,it's fun for the first few hours but then it gets boring after you're character becomes op and kills everything
76561198098426388,Recommended,535230,31299821,Posted: 22 April,all,Bojigery,Solid game. People seem to say its easy so that means I just suck. 10/10 would get decapitated again.
,Recommended,535230,33118898,Posted: 2 July,all,[BBG] ak3120,Combat Slave Manager 410 A.D.
,Recommended,535230,32175926,Posted: 4 June,all,Oz270,Brutal
,Recommended,535230,33134224,Posted: 2 July,all,R.C.,"I absolutely love this game! It's not for everyone because there is A LOT of resource management, but it has become my new favorite game to play."
,Recommended,535230,33363620,Posted: 7 July,all,Killroy,"Despite being just eight bit this game delivers.Pros-High quality gladiator managment system. You can tell your gladators what you want them to train in (Strength, Agility etc), what they should wear and how they should fight (Once you unlock the different fighting styles you have a maximum of three to choose from. Each one has strengths and cons)- The game evolves in difficulty, while you may achieve a strong gladiator, this gladator may plea for freedom, or even attempt to escape. Thus forcing you to focus on more than one gladator.-Combat can be risky, you may win, but be left with a wounded gladator that can fight in the next match.-Moral choices, that occure from time to time, can lead to unforseen rewards and punishments.-You can choose to control your gladator (once you research an early tech) or let the AI take control.Cons-Feels short, the main campaign only takes place over an year (about two hours real time)-The unlimited campain allows one to achieve god like gladiators, which remove all fun from the game.-Requires micro-managment.-Little repetative.For ten bucks this game is a nice little time waster. Under five bucks, its more than worth it."
76561198203574959,Recommended,535230,31776831,Posted: 15 May,all,SpankyMyDanky,"My first gladiator was named Curtius, and he was barenaked. I immediately put him in the ring alone with no weapon, but he won from the audience throwing swords into the ring. I formed a heartwarming relationship with him, and soon we were besties. I gave him wine and bubblebaths, and outfitted him with the best armor I could steal from the military. Then one day came a fight, where I was allowed to take 3 fighters into the ring against 1 other. It seemed simple enough, I chose my 3 best, knowing that Curtius could smack him down.I had trained him extensively for this kind of situation, and all was going well, until the opponent skewerd my warriors like a damn kebab in a single motion.I was heartbroken as I watched Curtius, Sextillus, and some other random guy crumple to the ground, and I remembered all the good times Curtius and I had together, especially the part with the bubble baths and making him dance on hot coals for my sick enjoymentRIP Curtius 10/10 would have gay bubblebath wine times again"
,Recommended,535230,33922593,Posted: 31 July,all,Alexius,"Basically run your own gladiator team simulator. Amazingly executed indie game, very easy to put in a lot of hours. This is easily a 10/10 indie game."
76561198119306415,Recommended,535230,31229917,Posted: 18 April,all,Extra Thicc,"Ok so i havent put much time into this game yet but in that time i have loved this game, starting from its WONDERFUL music and ending in the victories and losses of my gladiators. While i do love this game i will admit that the lack of a save function does hurt the game slightly but it could be finished without one (assuming you've got the time and the know how). Now producing a save function would be difficult and a bit expensive at this time in its life BUT not impossible so a good idea would be a save on exit instead of a save whenever you want, so that people can accept the fact that you will lose some gladiators. (btw if you do decide to get this game heres a tip DO NOT FOCUS ON A SINGLE GLADIATOR because your enemies seem to scale in power of your strongest man) Edit: There is now a save on exit feature"
76561198066168368,Recommended,535230,32273927,Posted: 8 June,all,Zorg ¦ CSOFFER.ME,Game is BRUTALI love itEntering into my final battle after a gruelling and challenging hour I encounter my foe..Only to be swiftly decapatated in one blow ending my runkek kappa 8/8 would r8
76561198020658255,Recommended,535230,31714937,Posted: 12 May,all,Papa John,This is an excellent game.
,Not Recommended,535230,32895191,Posted: 27 June,all,Capital D,"It's possible there is a great game here, but there is certainly no introduction to the mechanics or even a tutorial. For a gime that could be call Gladiator Manager 300 AD you'd thing there would be some sort of stats explication or how the properties of the fighers worked. There is Twitch integration though, so they spent some time on that which obviously was more important to them. It should be clear that there is no direct control of the fighters until you ""research"" mind control, but even then no indication how to play it. Things were happening and I seemed to be winning, sending wine to people and clicking on my fighters to train then or upgrade their equipment, but it never got fun. Again, maybe it has a lot to offer but it certainly doesn't make that clear to a new player. I refunded it."
76561198081977907,Recommended,535230,31533939,Posted: 3 May,all,Give yer meat a good ol rub,Swords and sandals... and it's ♥♥♥♥ing hard.
76561198017681447,Recommended,535230,34396643,Posted: 21 August,all,ferretsrule,Mildly enjoyable management style game with some rather brutal RNG mechanics and slightly annoying AI levelling issues. But if on sale it’s worth a visit for some enjoyable gladiatorial matches with blood and heads flying everywhere.
,Recommended,535230,32765022,Posted: 25 June,all,Nicolaiev,5/5 great game!
76561198056993757,Recommended,535230,31282225,Posted: 21 April,all,Blizz,"Great game, bought it after the save feature was added!!"
76561198068315925,Recommended,535230,30932598,Posted: 3 April,all,Fifth Company Captain; Arius,"I waited for this game to come out since I saw it on Youtube where some guys got early access to it. The game itself is pretty fun,  though it can wear your system a bit if you're on the lower end of the spectrum. The game also does not have a save function because the dev said the game can be completed in just a few short hours, though I've seen someone beat it in a half hour. The replayability is in the challenges. Even if you think you know the best route, you can still lose your best guys in one move. The game itself is fun, but it has some real ♥♥♥♥in' weird difficulty spikes that come out of nowhere to slap you silly and take away your people. The classes are also sort of 'rock paper scissors' based, in that two swords beats sword and shield, sword and shield seems to be spears, and spears seem to beat two swords."
,Recommended,535230,30936784,Posted: 3 April,all,Heroic Horatio,"Edit: There's a save feature now. What's not to love?Domina is fun and has room to grow. The gameplay alternates between swift brutality and unforgiving Oregon Trail-style lifechoices. The soundtrack is rad as ♥♥♥♥. I love the hecklers at the start of each match.My first successful run -- and by ""successful,"" I mean that I made it to Rome -- took me about 2 and 1/2 hours.Beware! There is no way to save, so it's not a game to take too seriously.I would love an Endless mode and Save-On-Quit feature -- and I'm not the only one; so, we'll see if that happens. The Dev seems dedicated and interested in community feedback, too, which is great.As is, Domina is definitely worth 10 bucks."
,Recommended,535230,30948409,Posted: 4 April,all,MVPGuy55,Its a good game i enjoy it its fun to play a tad repetitive but fun none the less. I think there should be a way to set the difficulty of the game for sure but other then that i thinks its fine. However dont think its worth $10 i would wait for it to go on sale and get it for sure. Other then that its a good game 7.5/10
76561198036698985,Recommended,535230,30951968,Posted: 4 April,all,⊕ James. V,"The game is great, a fun little jump-in gladiator experience. Many people rave about the lack of a save feature but I personally have not been hindered by the lack of the feature; my gameplay experience usually comes in short 30-40 bursts in which I did not require a save feature.In the end, the game is really fun and good for short lunch-break game sessions."
76561198128661629,Recommended,535230,30930402,Posted: 3 April,all,PhoenixFires,"Domina, a great game. I may be bias considering I've waited nearly 2 weeks for it's release but here's a few considerations for anyone interested in this game.Pros:Great stylized, pixelated graphicsA quick game that can be played for a few minutes or 1-2 hours of ""making Rome great again""A reasonable price for the content of the gameRuns well at max graphics even for those with toasters (such as myself)You get to run a Ludus of GLADIATORS and CONTROL THEM. Need I say more for the pros?Cons:No save feature because of the shorter gameplayCan be absolutely brutal on new players (or players that suck, like me)A few text and grammar errors for ""Grammar Schutzstaffel""Overall, I'd rate about an 8/10, would make IGN meme again"
,Recommended,535230,34608829,Posted: 30 August,all,G2 kennyS,I bought it when it was in the alpha/beta i dont remember i played it for a while and thought it was trash played it now and its very very good. Thank god i didnt get a refund
,Recommended,535230,32745980,Posted: 24 June,all,Mister Piddles,I have waited my entire gaming life to watch Pixel men kill each other without my input.JUPTIER'S♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS AN AMAZING GAME!
,Not Recommended,535230,33128966,Posted: 2 July,all,Sgt. Fury RDS,"It is a pity. A great idea but right now the game is unfair, frustrating and repetitive"
,Recommended,535230,33161710,Posted: 2 July,all,R3gistrato,"ENG: This game is just BEAUTIFUL! The CONCEPT is AMAZING! If you like this kind of game, YOU MUST HAVE THIS GAME! There are few bugs to fix, but not that much, and they don't corrupt the game mod, i want to see them fixed, i'd like to see a multiplayer mod, it would be just incredible and awesome. This Indie is just one of the most beautiful indie i ever seen. In this game u can find a lot of things to do, with great variety, u can fight, you can manage your ludus and your gladiators, you have to do some different choise that are really important in the story. Now we have a ""story mod"" and an endless mod too, and that's a nice idea to spend time in a nice way, speccialy if u are a casual gamer.MUST READ THIS:Don't read comments which says that there is no possibility to save, NOW THEY ADDED SAVES AND THEY WORK FINE.The requirements are not that, i mean i have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer payed 399 euros and i can run this game at 60 fps at maximum graphic.So, if u want to buy this kind of game, U MUST BUY THIS! :DITA: Questo gioco è fantastico, l'idea di gioco che ne è alla base è semplice ma geniale! Se ti piace questo tipo di gioco, DEVI AVERLO! Ci sono un po' di bug da fixare, spero vengano fixati presto, mi piacerebbe vedere un multiplayer, sarebbe molto bello. Questo indie è uno dei più belli che abbia  mai visto. In questo gioco puoi fare un sacco di cose, tutte cose molto varie, puoi lottare nelle arene, puoi gestire la tua ludus e i tuoi gladiatori e sono addirittura aggiunte delle scelte che devi fare, e compromettono almeno in parte l'avanzamento agiato nella storia. Ora esiste una modalità ""storia"" e una modalità infinita, che i permette di vedere i tuoi gladiatori diventare i più forti e potenti su tutti. Questo gioco è adatto sia a spendere un po' di tempo quando non si sa cosa fare, sia a ""nerdarci"" sopra per ore, come ho fatto io nelle ultime 2/3 ore.LEGGETE:I commenti che sono ancora presenti e dicono che non esistono i salvataggi non sono veri, QUESTO PROBLEMA E' STATO RISOLTO E ORA CI SONO I SALVATAGGI PER TUTTE LE MODALITA' E FUNZIONANO ALLA GRANDE.Poi, i REQUISITI NON SONO COSI' ALTI, ovvero io ho comprato il gioco con un pc di bassa fascia pagato 399 euro e gira a 60 fps tutto al massimo.Quindi, per concludere, se stai cercando questa tipologia di gioco, per nerdarci, e passare tanto tempo, o anche solo per passare qualche decina di minuti, questo gioco fa' per te! DEVI AVERLO! :D"
,Recommended,535230,31746578,Posted: 14 May,all,Tartiflette,Pleasant game with a great atmosphere.
76561198030176685,Recommended,535230,33455181,Posted: 11 July,all,Kaustek,I absolutely adore this game.
76561198121689496,Recommended,535230,32688191,Posted: 23 June,all,M870 Rush B!,"This game is pretty special...I mean I try to develop my slaves, train them, protect them, support them.Accidents or competitors are always dying to kill your poeple continously.Grab your swords, Let's keep fighting. Domina!!!"
,Not Recommended,535230,32748340,Posted: 24 June,all,smm,"fun for a bit but once you get an op gladiator, the game gets boring."
76561198128287463,Not Recommended,535230,33760389,Posted: 24 July,all,Shiny Magikarp,"I think Domina is incredibly entertaining and I love it! But.. I think the game isso closeto beingso muchbetter. Domina just needs a few balance changes, and the replay value of this game would skyrocket. So, for now, I am going to ""not recommend"" Domina because I believe if we send a strong enough message the developer will work with us. But I honestly don't think you'll regret spending your $10 if you get it now.After my 3rd attempt, I finally made it all the way to the end of the main game with only one gladiator who was any good! He completely carried all the other fighters who sometimes would just run away because they were vastly underpowered against the competition.My wrecking ball would simply two-shot every enemy he faced without hesitation. The point of this though, is that it's not a fluke. This is how the game is balanced to work. You can tell from multiple playthroughs that this is the best path. It's too easy for one character to snowball, and then when that happens and the enemies scale, your other fighters are too weak to survive, and so you essentially have one demigod, and a bunch of cannon fodder.I love playing Domina! I've never PogChamp'd so hard during a game. However, something about it doesn't feel right.The appropriate changes would be something like: It's easier to catch other gladiators up to your big men, and your big men don't spiral out of control into unstoppable monsters. Also, the food, and water management is too easy and simple, and there really are no doubts about who you should hire for your ludus. Once you've played the game a single playthrough you know that there are 3 very easy best options, and 6 or so useless ones.All in all, a very entertaining game! I love it, but it lacks depth and it also feels unbalanced. Wait a little before getting Domina, there may be some changes to improve these issues.If not, I don't think you'll be too upset without trying it out."
,Not Recommended,535230,32898907,Posted: 27 June,all,치 The Spearman 치,"Great sense of style and good theme. Managing gladiator concept interested me.Wasn't expecting the clicker style of gameplay, no control over what gladiators train in, and by extension, no control over gladiator stats in the long run. Overall breakneck pace of the game makes it hard to keep track of anything or really care.Decided to refund the game after the surrender ""click as fast as you can to live"" mechanic. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't get past the red. Don't know who this game was meant for, but not for me."
76561198009653173,Not Recommended,535230,33776904,Posted: 24 July,all,Cyberpunk,"I'm a fan of Spartacus so i had to try this.. It's fun to watch the gladiators kill each other but that is about it...Just pick safe fights and level 1 gladiator untill he is so stupidly leveled that he becomes a God.The stats are kinda just there, making builds is just a waste of time.Wish the game had more meaning or depth."
,Recommended,535230,33983847,Posted: 2 August,all,Moobeat,"Gory gladiatoral greatness set to a pace similar to FTL.  Fun loop, satisfying animations, and lions. Soundtrack is great too. Picked it up during summer sale and have no regrets!"
76561198010013373,Recommended,535230,31938142,Posted: 24 May,all,deDeli,"Gladyatörüm öldü...Geri kalan herkesin morali düştü...Herkese para verdim moralleri yine yükseld,.. Demekki parayla saadet oluyormuş :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSKo93NQ0IU"
76561198143512103,Not Recommended,535230,33312698,Posted: 6 July,all,TrueCommunistDoggo,"IntroductionWasted Potential. Domina is a game that just feels 'meh' in most places. While it is reletivly cheap, I don't quite feel it is worth its full price either.Why is Domina bad?Lacks depthRepetitiveLacks ContentGets dull FASTFails to contain any proper strategyFails to contain any communismGood aspects to DominaAmazing art styleGreat soundtrackGreat conceptInitially funConclusionTime killer. I wouldn't want to spend more than an hour at a time on this game. Sad to see such a good concept die due to overall shallowness.Overall Doggo Score5.5/10Would not recommend."
76561198249234674,Not Recommended,535230,30931820,Posted: 3 April,all,The Grim Reaper,Domina is a awesome game it has epic music and awesome battles with gore and brutal combat.The setting is also cool.its Rome and your trying to become a gladiator trainer and train gloryus warriors to figth in the grand tournament and win but it is a long journey and you will have to tough and merciless to get on top.The fights are really fastpace and intense and you have to fully ready for a figth if you plan to win but later in the game♥♥♥♥♥♥gets a little out of hand with your gladiators being able to one shot an enemy or hell 5 enemies it gets really crazy and its like this to for the opponent to if you ♥♥♥♥ up your guy will die before you can say anything and i think its just stupid like i get that its surrpose to be a fast pace game but its not really fun when you run in and the fight will be over in like 2 secs even if i win its not that satisfying it doesnt feel like i won a battle it just feels like i took a tiny step towards virtory people also dont like the fact that theres no save option which does kinda suck but i think the most imortant thing to do first is fix the broken late game combat.In short Domina is a awesome gladiator game that just needs some changes
76561197987790589,Recommended,535230,30942439,Posted: 4 April,all,spharv2,"Fun little game, the humor is excellent, the game mechanics are satisfying.  Probably the best pick up and play game I've seen in the past couple of years.  Letting the AI control all your battles is the best way to play for me.  There's a lot more tension when I just train them up, send them out and have no control over their actions in the ring.Everyone is complaining about the lack of a save.  I would like one also, but that isn't enough to ruin this game.  Most of your playthroughs, you'll be wanting to restart before getting too deep in anyway, because your glorious champion just lost his head and with it, the money you just laid out for his new arms and armor.  Some odd design choices, options that are off, but should probably be on by default.  Auto-train should start on, brutal battles should be the default if you want to actually be able to tell what's going on."
,Not Recommended,535230,32898230,Posted: 27 June,all,William Shakesman,"Looks like a mobile game, complete with ugly♥♥♥♥♥pixel art. Plays like a mobile game, by default expecting you to click repeatedly on all your gladiators one by one to train (And then I guess expecting you to go find the auto-click option a bit later.) and then fiddling with each gladiator's equipment like some fussy aunt clicking one by one each of 7 gear slots to upgrade these one at a time over the stable of folks you care about.Then a fight shows up and you just have a mouse-over table with an array of incomprehensible stats to supposedly guess if the enemy is strong or weak and worth sending a gladiator you care about or not and see if he dies in one hit.Eventually you stack enough numbers and fill up enough research meters to try to take on a boss gladiator but then you die in one hit and need to start from scratch.I imagine the numbers eventually will get to where you are the one-hit killer, but damned if I have patience for that.In between all this you get events narrated by a narrator who hates you, the legate, the magistrate, the emperor, your father, the slaves, the gladiators, basically every character in the game. Somehow this constant sarcasm and cynicism is uglier and less pleasant than any of the actual ultraviolence in the arena. These choices will tend to raise favor with one faction or the other (More likely lower it) but the influence of these meters is completely invisible to me.Either way, the narrator seems to want to be involved with the game even less than I do at this point."
,Not Recommended,535230,31060817,Posted: 10 April,all,Mightyrick1,"I can't really recommend it in the state it's currently in. The game doesn't explain anything about stats, you're very dependent on RNG wether you'll get an amazing Jupiter Blessing or wether you get some worthless ones, you cannot currently save the game, although it should be noted that there is a beta which saves on crashing. I'd love to recommend this game, because I really like the idea, and the soundtrack is amazing, but I cannot currently do so"
76561198054922596,Not Recommended,535230,32748262,Posted: 24 June,all,TheSethy,"It's a good game, it just doesn't have enough game play to warrant a $10 price tag. Buy it on sale cheap."
76561197972014117,Not Recommended,535230,34194275,Posted: 12 August,all,Benson the Elder,"This is an okay game. The idea is neat but there is still something missing in the execution. When I played, I couldn't correctly play in fullscreen mode. Also, a glitch occurred during the final battle, where the FPS dropped to about 1 and I couldn't tell what was going on. With the game's strategy, there is some sort of rock/paper/scissors effect going on for classes, speed, attack, and defense, but I couldn't figure it out. The game features permadeath, and I lost my best heroes multiple times to what I thought were going to be easy fights. I realized if you lose a battle, you can press alt-F4 to prevent the game from autosaving your gladiator's death."
76561197976091020,Recommended,535230,31281748,Posted: 21 April,all,Nathan,"Some of the best music out there.Some pretty neat atmospheric pixel art with good animations, nice backgrounds and lots of gore and little finishing touches.Some pretty deep tactical management, hard, fun, logical but a bit obscured at times.The overall attitude of the game is great too, with your lanista punching Jupiter in his cr*tch and him not being amused.For a one man project, a surprising amount of polish is hidden beneath the surface, with smooth music transitions, all the little world-building details, looking at the crowd cheering and sneering at the fights, your ludus and the little details, fighters training, new constructions, bignic did it all and the music too.Some great talent and hard work went behind this game.Playing on a laptop it seems to run smoothly as well, maybe I'm just lucky, but I feel like some credit should again go to the developer.I imagine that you could make quite the crazy game if you'd combine the weird character flaws your crew can develop in Darkest Dungeon with this games gladiators, that could be pretty great.It also has saves now.If you're looking for general tips then I feel thatthis topic covers a lot of useful information."
,Not Recommended,535230,30966649,Posted: 5 April,all,Jacklifear,"As a Twitch Broadcaster this is a fun game to play for a day or two, especially if partnered with access to cheers/bits.  It's potentially the best idea so far in terms of integration with bits as it allows people to affect the game via cheers.However, after playing through the game a single time I can say that there are a few things that are critically flawed about this game.  The game is based around two parts, the strategic and the combat arena. It's important to note this is a week 1 review, and the developer (a single individual) has released the game where a lot of these issues may be resolved in future patches.  It's also important to note that there are already a significant amount of patches in the time of it's release, which shows well for the developer.Good points:- Those who seek strategy can feel accomplished when they find a solid strategy- The combat is fun to watch- VERY enjoyable for Twitch broadcasters/communities, especially partnered broadcasters with access to cheers- Enjoyable soundtrack that doesn't get old.A few main points that may be resolved in future patches- The game doesn't have a save feature (Highly requested and should be added soon)- Combat is just right and too fast, depending on your playstyle.  (Implementing a game speed option would resolve)- As you can only choose 3 workers at a time out of a variety, they are not balanced and 3-4 are significantly better)- Tutorial incorporates story moreso than learning, done in a fashion that puts you at a disadvantage as you don't have all options unlocked on day one.- First impression shows that replayability is based on trial and error more than exploration (Balance patches should resolve)- RNG plays a factor but proper strategy can alleviate the issues.- Lack of variety of arenas.  Only 1 main arena, 1 pit area, 1 boss area.- Strategy time period not having a pause or time adjustment period means that the entire game feels very rushed.- Late game doesn't seem to evolve, it simply becomes repeated task simulator.Critical issues that will take more of an issue- Combat AI is very ""move forward and attack"" and is a cornerstone of the system.  This becomes a very disappointing situation when you incorporate more than 1 on 1 gameplay.  You have situations were 8 people rush to the middle, attack simultaneously, one spray of blood and it feels RNG that the combatants you setup for hours are now gone in a moment.  The only way I can see this handled is AI improvements where they do more than ""rush and attack"".- The research tree is interesting but it may require a remake to solve a personal concern I have for this game. It felt like they found as many metrics as they could adjust for the gladiators and put it all together in a form of ""This is evolved form of that"" for each of the branches.  The game starts with 1 unlocked class, but requires you to go 1/3rd of the game in opposite directions to unlock another class. While this was enjoyable the first time, it would potentially benefit the game to have the classes unlockable near the beginning, and the trees expanding from them involve traits that follow that classes specifics.  Doing this for all three classes would mean you could focus on their strengths.FINAL THOUGHTS:**In terms of a first playthrough as a Twitch broadcaster, I personally feel it was a good experience.** But the release is for all individuals, not just Twitch broadcasters.  And it feels like it was released without consideration of simple features, such as a save system.For an average person looking for strategy/combat game, I can't recommend this game unfortunately to the masses outside of that exception.  If many of the issues get patched in the future and the developer replies to this (At time that those patches are implemented) I may adjust this to be recommended, just not in it's week 1 state."
,Recommended,535230,30950048,Posted: 4 April,all,Blyndside ☭,"My slaves want to be, the very best, the best there ever was. Dum dum dum dum, to train them is my real test, to buy them is my cause. DOMINA.Seriously, the game is top notch- the music even more so, the qwirky random comments thrown out by the audience are even ♥♥♥♥ing better, the game has an amazing atmosphere & is great.It's a Gladiator simulator- it's quick & intense, watching the battles & seeing how they unfold is fun & almost always frustrating.My biggest bug bear with it is the AI, even with the AI skill maxed, my own gladiators never really compete as well as the enemy AI, not sure if it's a difficulty setting problem, but I'd enjoy playing purely without controlling my own guys but always feel like I have to, to get anywhere.[BTW]There's no save function- but for me, that's not an issue. I don't game for 30 minutes to an hour- I actually don't know what the hell people are playing that they only sit down for 30 minutes to an hour sessions, I suppose facebook games?I don't think the game was made to have a save function, I think it would've been there on release otherwise, it's meant to be played the whole way through, without the problems that saving brings.With that said, it's not like it couldn't have one, but I understand the reasons it doesn't & it doesn't fall short for not having it either but be warned, you wont be able to play it if you can't at least dedicate upto 2 hours during a session."
,Recommended,535230,31311334,Posted: 22 April,all,Bryce,">be me>I start my first game and do poorly so I restart>Second game I get 5 maxed out Murmillos>I start losing money>I sell all of my food, water, and wine so I can do a pit battle for money>One of my fighters die>I blackmail the drunk old man>He gets angry at me>I have enough money to do more pit battles>I lose all of them>I have 1 low tier gimp and as a last ditch effort I use him>All of my slaves are dead>I have to sell all of my employees>I have 3 gold>I buy a slave and blackmail the annoying general>I have enough money to buy the Doctore>I had everything unlocked and now there is nothing>I spend the rest of my money on my slave and wait for the next fight>He dies>I sell the Doctore again>Quit"
76561198376729375,Recommended,535230,30936680,Posted: 3 April,all,BLESSED,"ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????Great game huge potential! Save feature being added soon by developer. P.S. Kenshi isnt done, Ark isnt done, H1Z1 isnt done. But they just ride the early access train to get put in the top of the category.......Sorry buttttt someone had to say it.....Edit.So far all patches have made the game more enjoyable.Once a longer days or endless mode is added it will add a higher level of replayability. But overall the game has some underlying meta for making fighters so pay attention. It has a slight rouge-lite feel with the rng of match types. Some times youll get cucked just the way of the arena.PLEASE just give the game a try the world needs more pirate and gladiator games and this is a welcome addition so far. Also the dev is listening to us all and made it reasonably priced so I really dont understand the hate of no save feature.P.S. Save feature is promised first once all the bugs and exploits are fixed so.......thats pretty soon game already has 4 patches as of writing."
,Recommended,535230,30994056,Posted: 7 April,all,Roshimitsuu,"Fantastic game, a lot of people with negative comments at the moment, but for a game that's so early in release and development I think it is fantastic.You play as the ownder of a ludus, with the aim of taking part in the championships a year from your beginning. The game will test your ability to micromanage and navigate (slightly) the political landscape to your favour. There's three classes of gladiators to train towards (with a universal skill tree) as well as the possibility to aquire lions to fight for you (aditions of other animals, such as bears would be nice). Risk vs. Reward plays an important role as everyfight could see you losing your prized fighter(s).Still a lot to come, which is nice as there is already a lot to do. The dev has said that saves are coming, and tbh, I don't want them until all other bugs are ironned out.Still some issues with achievements registering if you're offline (I learnt that the hard way)"
76561198054810420,Recommended,535230,31128351,Posted: 13 April,all,Caztiel,"Fun game! Hard at first but you get the hang of it, definetly worth the money."
76561198009855227,Not Recommended,535230,31581209,Posted: 6 May,all,Kadajacs,"I cannot recommend this game in its current state. I do see lot of potential but it's just not quite there.I played the game not using manual control of my gladiators. Its a management game, so I want to manage. If I wanted to do fighting, I would play a fighting game. The problem with this is the AI of your own men is so stupid. There is a stat for this but I couldn't notice the difference when I trained it.The enemy as far as I can see know every skill the Doctare can teach. The first enemy you fight rolls around like an acrobat. Something you don't learn until half way up the skil tree. By the time you do get higher up and know these moves yourself the game has taken a massive shift.The high up weapons can oneshot anyone, armour doesn't matter. I found myself doing better with fighters in their undies so they can dodge better. No point investing in that bulky mail and shield, because you still die in one hit. I had one fight that I debuted my Murmillo in. I had trained him from the first slave I earned in the first battle. He had about 650 gold worth of armour on him and is the heavy armour class. High strength stat so he had lots of health. Just as you would expect to build that class.  One second into the fight, the enemy throws his sword at him and he dies.My main issue is how the fights look. Gladiatorial fighting is all about the show. Two guys just randomly swinging until one dies doesn't look good. Because i'm not controlling a fighter I am a crowd member. I find the fights so boring. Hits seem to have no impact early on. Then later its the first hit wins. No theatre, no action. Thats not how to entertain a crowd. Even with the 'Brutal Fight' option on that is supposed to make the fights last longer, they are still over in seconds.I really hope that improvements are made as the concept is really interesting and I see potential in it.Maybe I'll give it another go in a few months. Hopefully then that potential I see will have been brought out."
,Recommended,535230,31038902,Posted: 9 April,all,Tarcek,"I've wanted a game like this for years - I used to simulate the same kind of experience in Dwarf Fortress (Arena Mode) and Exanima, now i can just have Domina running in the background 24/7. I'm sure it's not everyones cup of tea, but if you want to watch people fight to the death for your amusement, give it a fair chance.If you expect more from a game... not so much."
,Not Recommended,535230,33090490,Posted: 1 July,all,the_rock0123,"The biggest Steam disappointment of the year to date.  About 17 minutes in and it's clear I won't enjoy the game. Yet another steam game that is ""cheap for a reason"".  Was number 1 in my wish list of over 200 as I like Gladiator Games, Strategy, Business, History.  Should be an ideal game.  Here's why I don't like it and will refund:1) There is no tutorial visible to the player upon loading up.2) I thought you'd at least have time to ""manage"" in this game, but the days move on in real time really quickly like a RTS, never ending or giving time to pause and think.  Before you know it you're in battle without knowing what is going on, and with some slaves without any decent equipment. There is no clear explanation for the games features.3) In the campaign I sent in 3 gladiators against 1 and their champion used one swipe first hit to kill all 3 in one go.  Ridiculous.4) Even if you understood the functions it looks basic strategy.5) The style of the game looks more appealing in screen shots than actually in game. I don't like the undetailed art work.6) The battles are random and over in a flash.7) Seems to get boring VERY quickly, a common theme of quite a few reviews.One good thing is the music score is good.If I give one nod to a good historical ""roman games"" PC game, I say this is definitely NOT Qvadriga (A VERY good game that is a good example of how a small developer can make a fun historical game).  This game misses on many points and needs much development to make it worth time to play it. I expected this to be the Gladiator version of Qvadriga but it falls wide of the mark.It seems the Gladiator genre is STILL without a good quality game, despite many a developers attempts.There might be a good game in here somewhere, as near 90% reviews are positive. I think you will definitely find out within 2 hours whether you will need to refund this or not."
,Recommended,535230,30924005,Posted: 3 April,all,Cyborg,"Absolutely great game. Sound design, pixel art (pixel blood and gore), management, upgrades. It's awesome.Sorely sorely sorely needs a save feature though. Don't care if a game can be beaten in however many hours. This 2017 your games need a save feature I'm sorry but there is no excuse it's mandatory these days.I'm giving this a thumbs up but if you won't add a save feature in the future my opinion will change."
,Recommended,535230,30948420,Posted: 4 April,all,Temmie ❤,Pros:Fun fighting systemDifficultyThe crowd yelling profanities at youPretty pixel graphicsAn amazing soundtrack that follows what's happening in gameTwitch integrationa saving feature(finally)Cons:Lacks other modes besides the campaign
,Recommended,535230,31022922,Posted: 8 April,all,James,do yourself a favor and take a chance on this game keeping in mind it doesnt have a save feature treat it like a rogue like iron man rules apply go in strong and come out the best ludas in all of italy!this games does not deserve the flak its getting for not having a save feature
,Not Recommended,535230,33084384,Posted: 1 July,all,Gian Lorenzo Bernini,"What seems like a relatively charming pixel art management sim with a great soundtrack and interesting premise ultimately gives way to intense frustration.As a history major with a focus on Roman Civ I was really ready to like this game, and I did... Until I ended up watching fights and having my seemingly superior gladiators get their asses kicked in fights that they should have been winning. Look, it's no problem if that happens, fine. The problem is that there's no feedback whatsoever as to why this occurs. The action happens so quickly that you're left scratching your head as to why what happened occurred.So after bumbling through blindly for my first couple of games I decided to consult some guides to try and figure out what the hell was actually going on during the fights. Turns out... There really aren't any to be had. There are guides out there that will tell you what upgrades to purchase, who to employ, etc. But nothing about what stats guide gladiators and how they interact with other types during battles. So maybe nobody actually knows? Maybe the stats play out somehow, or different types of gladiators beat other types in a rock-paper-scissors style triangle, but if there was some kind of framework guiding such interactions then I was blind to it. It seemed like the two sets of AI simply ran at each other until one randomly died. I couldn't tell whether superior equipment was the cause, or a stat like aggression or evasion came out on top. I'm not asking for the game to hold my hand, I'm asking for the game to be a game and allow me to learn and improve by having its underlying systems be identifiable. They are not, and as a result, it just feels cheap and left up to chance no matter what you do in your gladiator school, even on the easiest difficulty setting.I ended up following a guide which said to increase your gladiators' AI all the way via meditation and hire key employees and take key skills, so I did that, yet the same thing kept happening. In some fights my gladiators would absolutely paste the competition, in others they'd just be completely ineffective and die. I had one specific instance where one of my gladiators was absolutely crushing the competition, taking minimal damage and 3-shotting enemy gladiators. Then, abruptly, against an enemy gladiator with seemingly inferior statistics, he got absolutely starched and killed. I still don't have a clue why.After several more fights and continuing to analyze the stats to each gladiator I still had no clue whatsoever as to why this was occurring, so I eventually dropped the game in frustration and I can confidently say I won't be going back without a major overhaul to the underlying systems that guide the actual fights.Maybe I'm just an idiot, but the entire thing seems broken to me."
76561197985324969,Recommended,535230,31018407,Posted: 8 April,all,thewaisian,"As you've no doubt seen or heard this game has no save function as of now. The Dev. has expressed little interest in making this a priority.That's out of the way. If you can look past that, it's a beautiful game. The soundtrack is fantastic, the gameplay is brutal but fun. It needs some balancing and some AI improvements, but is a thoroughly enjoyable game as is. It's a rouge-like-like with a ton of replay value."
,Recommended,535230,30957909,Posted: 5 April,all,MaxiTB,"The game is rather good, but personally I miss customization options:- Pause function:Because the game can be rather long, a pause function would be great. Sadly RL can happen and that will always have priority over gaming.- Save function:Same reason as above, a save feature is needed because sometimes RL happens longer than gaming life. Who knew, right ?- More options:It would be great to have a customized start where you can actually set game speed (time per tick), combat speed etc. per slider. Maybe a few toggles like ""Pause in character sheet"", simply because it's actually pretty hard to setup all your guys before the first fight pops up. Customization is always key.On a presentation note, the game doesn't disappoint. Granted, it could use hotkeys in the current state without the pause functionality implemented, but generally the UX is acceptable.Keep in mind, this game is rather short and simplistic - twitch integration doubles the enjoyment IMO for both players and viewers, but it's a rather cheap game, so worth the fun ride. Not sure why the soundtrack is so expensive in comparison tho - that is kinda odd."
,Not Recommended,535230,34850206,Posted: 9 September,all,GreenBeetle,"Amazing soundtrack, very interesting concept, good moments of bloody action but really poor execution.First of all, I must say this is the kind of game that doesn't reward player skills properly but relies upon getting used to do everything in the right order so the you'll have the best outcome or just lose. You're supposed to buy strong slaves if you're intending to turn them into good fighters, bribe the senator and the magistrate to keep the relationship in good terms, then you'll learn who are the best hirelings to pick and boost your team, research and pick the right selection of skills and equipment and then you'll finish the game with the best ending. Try to do something differently or things will go wrong and you'll lose. No replayability and no depth which is sad, because this game had a lot of potential."
,Recommended,535230,32497814,Posted: 17 June,all,lljk://the.deadly.hume,"Groom my best gladiator into an all-conquering monster, the subject of tales that plebeians scare their children with.Until he gets sliced up in two strokes by some punk wearing a kilt.Would play again."
76561197994959218,Recommended,535230,31330723,Posted: 23 April,all,chaosavy,"Great - art, gameplay and feel.Awesome - music and dev that added a save feature.Can start this game, get a 30 minutes in, have a very valuable gladiator die horribly, then re-start and try a different startegy."
,Recommended,535230,32275967,Posted: 8 June,all,Demon,"Ultimate Roguelike Gladiator Simulator.After a couple more play throughs I have to say I thoroughly love this game.Old review:Wow, I was looking for a gladiator game for a long time.  This looked promising, it blew my expectations out of the water.  I was expecting a quick arcade brawler for 10 bucks, but it's so much more than that.  The limited room for all the different upgrade ppl you can hire alone seems to lend to infinitate replayability.My biggest gripe right now is pretty small.  On the world map you have to deafeat ppl to prove your worth, the only problem I have with this whole system is that ... most the ppl you have to beat on the world map are known for really weird acts of animal cruelty in weird situations.  I realize this is probably all randomly generated but I'd still rather these great gladiators I have to go beat be known for acts of amazing martial prowess or heroic acts in battle ... Not biting off a horses feet in a game of cards."
,Not Recommended,535230,32820015,Posted: 26 June,all,Boris_Mikhail,"As a fair warning, I have since returned this game. My experience was... less than optimal.TLDR: I heard abysmal things about this game. Praises, but with HEAVY drawbacks. I figured it was just people being their usual judgemental selves. This game disappointed me, and I do not feel it is worth purchasing at all. It feels to have the level of gameplay quality of a free flash game from three years ago, with higher music/production quality.Now, the music? It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. And the graphics are servicable. My real problem was with the difficulty. And no, not that it was 'too hard'.I like to play games on 'normal' difficulty, going in for whatever ups and downs that means. Turns out, that made for a pretty engaging game. In normal mode. But, you see, I've never been a fan of timed games. And I never knew this game had a time limit before buying it. So, I thought, 'Man, this would be perfect if not for that one-year time limit.'Lucky for me, there was an endless mode. Unlucky for me, endless mode means that you start at up-scaled difficulty. You begin with base-line fighters. Almost no experience, moderate gear, and variable stats. The fist TEN enemies I faced in endless mode where all incredibly experienced, absurdly geared up, highly skilled fighters.Maybe that's a bug, yeah? So I restarted. Tried the same first half-dozen or more fights a few more times. Fiddled with the difficulty slider.So, as it turns out, the difficulty slider does literally nothing. Like, LITERALLY nothing. Not being hyperbolic here. It changed NOTHING. That's when I returned the game.As an after-word, I have played and mastered many incredibly challenging games. Though this one feels much more like random chance than most any of the others. And not the 'exciting' sort of random chance, either. And I'm definitely not one to usually ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about chance, I love challenging chance-friendly games (See Enter The Gungeon and Darkest Dungeon) yet this one just... there was NO skill involved. It was just legitimately impossible.Also, I understand that there's a literal 'AI intelligence' stat, but I didn't realize it was going to be so literal. Clumping together so that they can all be one-shot at once is definitely NOT what was advertized in the videos on here. At least, not in the way  it happened."
,Recommended,535230,32791942,Posted: 25 June,all,Enzime,"Best Gladiator asks for his freedom nearly every week -> No, i spent alot of time and money on you, i need you.eventually he escapes... -> quickly load my game and put him to death.10/10 ...would put to death again"
,Recommended,535230,31263798,Posted: 20 April,all,Commissar Gurke,"-Started ludus.-Gladiators were happily training.-Gladiators won most fights.-Gladiators lost a couple fights.-Everyone was happy.-DROUGHT HITS ROME.-Run out of food.-Run out of water.-Gladiators get hungry, thirsty and mad.♥♥♥♥♥♥-They find my corpse days later.-They build a bathhouse on my grave.10/10 would starve again.Now with recently added save, can die over the course of a couple days!"
,Recommended,535230,31254518,Posted: 20 April,all,PlebDog,Added save!
76561198007051617,Recommended,535230,31044297,Posted: 9 April,all,Zain,The game is phenomenal.
,Recommended,535230,31259814,Posted: 20 April,all,KKillroyV2,"""this game looks interesting, How invested could I get in some pixel Gladiators"" - me buying the game2 hours later...""GOD DAMNIT GANNICUS YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE!""  - Me silently crying as I cradle the severed leg of my last remaining champiom10/7 would get overly invested in pixel gladiators and watch them be dismembered again.EDIT: Saving has been added so I can sleep inbetween gladiator uprisings"
76561198087403725,Recommended,535230,31276407,Posted: 21 April,all,Hammer,Bloody good fun!
,Recommended,535230,31043274,Posted: 9 April,all,Cypher,A fantastic and challenging game with the best soundtrack I've experienced since Hotline Miami.
76561198052324887,Recommended,535230,31041920,Posted: 9 April,all,MistuhMeseekz,"Not even going to get in to it too much. Just buy it. Massive fun per buck. Woefully undeserving of the ""Mixed reviews"" as of writing this in my opinion. Lavish this dev with money and hopefully he keeps cranking out games like these."
,Recommended,535230,31249935,Posted: 19 April,all,Liquid_Ocelot,"Scratches an itch I've had for a while now. 10/10. Soundtrack is amazing, and whether you use AI or ""Mind Control"", gameplay is fun! Also, newest Beta patch has a save on exit feature! Props to the dev for this! Even though I'd still play regardless; that move made a huge difference for the future of this project. This is something I'd like to watch improve over the years!"
,Recommended,535230,31363516,Posted: 25 April,all,twitch.tv/cyanoodle,C O C K
,Not Recommended,535230,32831777,Posted: 26 June,all,mmacheerpuppy,Beat it in under 2 hours.
76561197975664280,Recommended,535230,32819419,Posted: 26 June,all,TempRat,Really satisfying! Extremely unforgiving...
76561198050156063,Recommended,535230,32855142,Posted: 27 June,all,magicmaskal,would send wine again.
,Recommended,535230,32313775,Posted: 10 June,all,yacnagod,"Very unique idea, nice drawn graphics,and fun gameplay."
76561198013377787,Recommended,535230,32750180,Posted: 24 June,all,Tiberious Of Elona,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is awesome. The brutality of it and management is great for me. Sometimes I just want to sit down and be the manager and not the fighter/shooter in a game. Worth every penny.
,Not Recommended,535230,32756000,Posted: 24 June,all,[Lâz¥]Pârädøx,"The AI is really bugged. The AI has levels, so if you send up a low level AI character against a higher level AI (even a naked one with fists high AI vs a fully armed gladiator low AI), the low level will almost ALWAYS lose. This is annoying and RNG plays more of a factor in the game than skill or anything. All in all, not for me. Interesting concept though."
76561198048259980,Recommended,535230,33023314,Posted: 29 June,all,Dangerous Sex Bracelets,Awesome Little game. I had alot of fun playing it.
,Recommended,535230,33021412,Posted: 29 June,all,DO1 | DJFreshSoFresh,"I bought this on sale with ZERO expectations.I can and will say that without a doubt, I was BLOWN AWAY. i absolutely adore this game. It balances uncertantity anddesire unlike many games do. Through in the ambition of absolute conquest, and you have yourself a damn good game.Without ruining it for those of you who really want to experience something quite refreshing, do yourself a favor and giveit a shot. For this price tag I was extremely pleased. I hope to see more content if not expansion and/or add-ons.Well done.-FreshsoFresh"
,Recommended,535230,33017772,Posted: 29 June,all,Pedro ACE,"Sending men to their deaths has never been this fun.You play as the owner of a Ludus (something like a gladiator school in the Roman Empire) and you have to manage your gladiators, slaves, employees and resources to win the annual championship. It's not an easy game to learn, since the tutorial is practically inexistent and the pixelated interface isn't friendly, but with the help of guides and youtube you'll start winning some matches instead of getting five of your men butchered by one Spartacus wannabe.The game is not as simple as it looks. As you evolve your gladiators (that have each their own stats) through selected training, buying them equipment, blessings from Jupiter, Ludus expansion and benefits from employees, you'll need money. This can be earned in regular scheduled fights organized by the Magistrate or the Legato (keep them in your good graces) or by pit fights in the local market that are always a risk. You can also control one gladiator in the fights yourself, but I believe most will want the AI to take over since those fights are quick and brutal.As your main gladiators get stronger, experienced and better equipped you can start fighting in regional championships to eventually get to the final in Rome. When they start getting powerful you'll also get cocky and start shouting ""ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!?"" each time one of your champions wipes the floor with the opposition in less than three seconds.Expect to get hammered throughout and lose some good men in the process, but there are always more slaves and gladiators for purchase in the empire. You can always send cheap slaves to the slaughter when you know you'll be outmatched, it's as easy as sending Christians to the lions (there are lions).The developers are still updating the game and we can expect more features in the future. An endless mode has recently been added.Those who are about to die salute you."
76561198022098910,Recommended,535230,33420151,Posted: 9 July,all,Turtle,"This is a fantastic game; you get to train a variety of gladiators and compete in a variety of styles of combat (from 1 on 1 to many v many). If you enjoy tycoon games or fighting games this game will be entertaining. That being said there are several ways this game could be expanded upon; as it stands the content feels like a solid early and middle of a story arc but seems to lack the end game content you would expect. Some of the things I would imagine being in the game that don't seem to be:Bosses dropping their unique weapons (they have the weapons but they are unobtainable)Weapon and armor choices (you can upgrade your equipment but there are no choices for example heavy and light armor, or slow heavy hitting weapons vs faster weapons that don't pack as much punch, maybe ranged weaponry)The ability to expand the ludus (being able to buy a bigger ludus or expand the current one)Being able to hire more than 3 employees and 15 gladiators (thats what you start with and end with)More types of fights (such as gladiator vs lions or bears)More characters (there are currently only two)Maybe ""fighting style"" for each class would give some customization and uniqueness to the gladiatorsThere are a lot more ideas where those came from; if anyone thinks any of this would be a good idea, I will continue to share them :P"
,Recommended,535230,32653504,Posted: 22 June,all,Kamui,"My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions, loyal servant to the true emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next."
,Recommended,535230,31001729,Posted: 7 April,all,twitch.tv/covercrop,"It's a fun game. Doesn't necessarily need a save feature, but it'd be appreciated. This game has a ton of potential. People should learn to complain less and be more objective."
76561198100662369,Not Recommended,535230,31366956,Posted: 25 April,all,Nut,"I love the music, I love the art, and the gameplay is pretty good too. The only problem is the balancing system.. Since gladiators gain levels at a set speed I can't make a comeback if I lose one of them from the start of the game. After they are gone I get stuck fighting high level gladiators with the terrible ones I pick up. If the game gets balanced (which I'm sure it will) I will recommend it. :)"
76561197972109735,Not Recommended,535230,32917308,Posted: 28 June,all,quasifilter,"I am a big fan of all things Roman and Spartacus in particular, so after hearing everyone rave about this game I had to try it out.The Pitch:A one-man indy game putting you in control a gladiator school (ludus). Train your gladiators, and fight them for glory and profit.The Reality:A feature-poor, visual-poor, control-poor, explination-poor, unintuitive mess. With a good soundtrack.Tutorial   (1/5)---------------------The ""tutorial"" fails to inform you of what is actuallyimportantin this game. It introduces you to the doctori (a.k.a research tab), and the Magistrate and Legate (essentially factions with stores). That's about it. No mention that you need to train your gladiators, keep them healed, fed, and supplied with water, nor how to do these basic things!The regional championships are mentioned in passing, but what isnotmention is that they aremandatoryfor winning the game! You can go through the entire game and not once realize that without doing these missions you will fail.Gameplay / Control / UI  ( 1/5)---------------------First of all, the biggest problem with the game is that it is in real-time. This is a strategy/management game where there is no ability to slow or stop time and do all the minor things that need to be done to win. You must curry diplomatic favor, buy slaves, buy supplies, train, research, equip slaves, set sliders, and choose fights all within each round of between 30 seconds to 1 minute between fights. What is worse, these mandatory fights haveno impacton winning the game! The fights that do determine game progress are chosen as anoption! What sense does that make? Horrible, horrible design choices.Gameplay in the arena takes 2 forms. You can either let the AI fight, or manually control a gladiator after you research ""mind control"" with the doctori. The AI takes into acount the gladiator's Meditate ability to determine how well they fight. This ability is gained just like the others, set it in the training sliders. The problem is, to use the AI option means you must devote valuble training time to it, neglecting actual skills like Attack and Defense.Obviously that means you will want to control your gladiators manually. The problem with this is 2-fold. 1) The actual fighting controls are terrible. 2) it is impossible to tell what is happening on-screen. The reason for being unable to tell is that the low-pixels graphics are well, low-pixel graphics. It's hard to tell what you or your opponent are doing if you are both 8x8 sprites. On top of that, the game moves at lightning speed. Once again, extremely amateurish design choices.The UI is a joke. Nothing is labeld, necessary features like auto-train, and auto-aim are off by default, and no tool tips or manual.Sound 4/5--------------It's no suprise the soundtrack costs nearly as much as the game.  It's the only thing that feels ""professional"" about the game. That said, it is wildly inappropriate for this game. Techno/Dubstep does not belong in a gladiator game.Fun 0/5--------------This game is mostly about management. I love management games. This game makes management extremely un-fun. There is absoloutlyno reasonthis game couldn't have been turn-based. If I only have a finite amount of time to complete tasks before the next fight, then use a time resource, not a real-time clock that penalizes non-twitchy players. And definately not one that can be measured in seconds. Honestly, who makes a management game twitch-based? That's like making a sim-platformer, or a puzzle-sports game.Final Verdict---------------------------Not worth full price. Not worth half-price. Possibly worth getting at 80% or below just to try. I'm sorry, I know the game is made by just one guy, but that in no way excuses a $10 price tag for a game that doesn't deliver any fun and is riddled with amateur design choices. This should be a free flash game, not a retail title."
76561198040784455,Recommended,535230,32741985,Posted: 24 June,all,Jeggerz,"$5 on summer sale, best $5 i've spent in years. Great game, the combat is epic as you traing and gear up. Played through once without looking any info up and just sorting it out on my own.15v8 fight and my champion is the loan survivor in a close fight was awesome. It's a different type of game than I normally play but loved it. Doing a second run through now."
76561197976156021,Recommended,535230,31161663,Posted: 15 April,all,Psykokow,"This game is just complete and utter fun, it can take up a full day of your life to get through the full cycle to the tournament, something I didn't realise before it warned me i had 50 days left.Heartbreak as your  top fighter gets whalloped, upgrades to help food costs or weapon repairs.. so many ways to play it and have a giggle.Lack of save only really stops you reaching the top of the ladder in a few days, it kind of stops you from becoming too attached to your game, but there REALLY is enough in it to fill an afternoon, even starting from scratch isn't painful so the lack of save at this point is fine. Though my pc crashed as i was getting to the end tournament and that was sad, but i wasn't ready for that anyway.OK Huge positive, I was sceptical if this would be engaging on a stream, so I gave it a go.  The way it plucks names from your twitch viewers is brilliant as you instantly have an emotional attachment. Then the community voting adds more control.  As the streamer you do need to engage and offer your users the chance to pick their training for their named slave, this gets everyone invovled... the fights are a LITTLE too quick to be good twitch entertainment, but they are brutal and funny enough.   Again it would be good for returning viewers if the progress was savable, but at this stage it doesn't detract from the fun.The fight being so quick often means viewers just don't get a chance to cheer or boo, possibly slowing the fight down might help with that.Anyway if you fancy jumping in and don't mind losing progress for now then get on board, this is a lot of fun for not too much money, if your are a twitch streamer looking for something fun for your stream then its good as it currently is...The lack of save is a down point but not enough to put me off the game, it can only get better from here in.Bloody great fun!!!  Now put that slave down and leave the lions WELL ALONE!!! This is SPARTA... *cough*ATTTTAAACK!!!!!!!"
76561198001572669,Recommended,535230,31245192,Posted: 19 April,all,skumlemannen,"Give me MORE!!! DLC, EXpansion... Just mooooooore!"
,Recommended,535230,32798864,Posted: 25 June,all,T.Fanculo,"at first i thought, ha this looks too easy, just train my gladiators and kill the other gladiators, the combat system cat be that hard.i was wrongthis game if ♥♥♥♥ing diffficult, getting to a stage where your best fighter is killed and having to use your lower level plebs as cannon fodder against enemies with 600 health. attemping to keep everyone fed while still having money to upgrade and research for your fighters, then running out of money and sending your fighters to fight in the pit where you have no idea who you're going up against exactly, and choosing your bbetter fighter is a big risk of loosing them, and sending your worse ones in is a waste.alot was put into this game, and i ♥♥♥♥ing love it the combat system is unforgiving, and one wrong move might very well be the difference from life to death. wether its attempting to strike a evasive enemy over and over losing your stamina and then sliced apart while they run circles around you, or getting to close to a gladiator with a net and being killed while in his trap with his polearm, etc.i would reccomend this game to anyone who doesnt have depressiong and anxiety provoking loss problems, because you will loosbut you might learn to love it as well"
76561198005135437,Not Recommended,535230,33341070,Posted: 7 July,all,randombanana,"If this game is on sale, sure get it and have fun for a few hours. But in my opinion the devs made a lot of weird choices that kill all replayability for me.- Your gladiators become way too strong way too fast.- You have to keep buying food wich feels pointless since it's super cheap.- The magistrate and Legatus are useless. Since food/water is so cheap, patronage does nothing. You're never going to buy slaves since you get so much from fights anyway. At most you will buy some gladiators.- It doesn't matter when you do regional fights. You can just postphone them till you have some godlike gladiators so they never feel challenging.-During the time were your first guy becomes unkillable there is like 3 hours left till the last fight, and the game never gets harder. Your one guy can handle literally every fight. So it becomes boring and all you do is train some extra guys so you can release a few.-Endless mode is the same difficulty all the time and doesn't get harder.Oh and there should be a tutorial. It's not a very hard game to figure out but you'll probably miss a few concepts and learn the hard way. I beat the game on my second playthrough wich was mostly because i didn't know a lot of things on my first run."
,Not Recommended,535230,33033851,Posted: 30 June,all,Bootstraps,"I really want to recommend this game, because there's a lot of things to like, but there's a fairly serious issue that means I can't do so in good faith. I'll explain...The good:- The general aesthetic of this game is great. You're presented with an absurdly brutal roman gladiator world, full of pixelated gore and chanting crowds. The animations, writing, audio and overall presentation are spot on. The over-the-top violence is genuinely charming, if such a thing can be. Each fight left me grinning.-  The mix of management and combat is engaging. You fill your ludus (gladiator school) with slaves won from fights or bought on the market, you chose to raise them as one of three classes, give them training schedules and buy them gear to prepare them for the carnage. You can also hire various trainers and support staff to either improve you school or give buffs and blessings to you gladiators. Once they're ready, you send them into the ring. There's regular scheduled fights, exhibition/pit fights you propose yourself, or later in the game when you've built up your school, you can take on boss fights. You can choose to manually control one figher, or watch the AI carry out the blood letting.  There's 1v1 fights and group fights of varying degrees of fairness, sometimes with lions and other obstacles. It's so satifsying when a gladiator you've trained up from a puny slave to a savage god of violence takes on three opponents at once, splattering them into little giblets of pixelated red mess.- The pacing feels right. In the normal story mode you have one year to build up your school and prepare for the final grand tournament, which has an unexpected twist that I won't spoil. You feel under pressure to prepare, but not rushed. You have time experience ups and downs during the course of a game and drama builds.- I've run the game on an ancient laptop potato and it's fine. It's also graced by a lack of bugs, which is refreshing.The not good:- The balance is way, waaaay off, which is such a shame because it spoils what should be a really good game. The AI opponents scale with the number of fights you win and the strength of your best gladiator. As a result, you're forced to use your best fighter (invariably one of your starting three) in every fight or you get utterly creamed. You end up with one god-tier war deamon that can one-shot whole groups of opponents, but there's not point in filling out your school and training any other gladiators, because they are never able to catch up with the AI, no matter how you train and gear them.- The game is not hard or easy, because there's really only one strategy that's viable. If you follow it to the letter, you definately win and it's easy. If you deviate from the stategy you definately lose and it's impossible. That's not fun. On the surface you seem to be presented with a lot of choices and strategic detail (selecting slaves, gear, training, skill trees etc.), but because of the poor balance you don't get to play with them. There's only one path to victory. In a game like this, I want to do different things on each run, explore possibilities, and earnin the satisfaction of learning new ways to win. But that's not possible, so I'm not inclined to play again.Please dev(s?), sort out the balance problem, and I'll update the review accordingly. I know this game could be brilliant, but it's not quite there yet."
,Recommended,535230,31466220,Posted: 30 April,all,Deviant30eh,"Pretty Fun!, Still kinda learning what the point the magistrate and other guy are really for.. but I am a huge fan of Sparticus and this feels like it."
76561197987378892,Recommended,535230,31727184,Posted: 13 May,all,Tiwaz,"So far best indie game in 2017 for meCurrently it is a very short experience and the game is designed for that (which is why it did not have a save feature at launch). Because so many people wanted a save feature, they added it. Now the dev is talking about endless mode and hinted towards multiplayer...The game is a managment game, where you manage a ludus to train gladiators. Everything is kept simple but you still have alot of options and things to think about.The gladiator fights are extremely fun to watch and if you want to, you can control  your own gladiators in fights. If you choose to let the AI fight, you can still improve their AI skill and use some of the hireable NPC´s to improve the AI even further. I really like having this option and being able to improve your own AI skill.The soundtrack is REALLY NICE and it changes whenever a battle starts into an upbeat version of that song thats currently playing. LOVE IT"
76561198102163895,Recommended,535230,31596576,Posted: 6 May,all,sdkmy,♥♥♥♥♥♥GLORIOUS BRUTAL COMBAT WITH AN AMAZING SOUNDTRACK
76561198012711623,Recommended,535230,31575082,Posted: 6 May,all,Sniffle6,"This games so fun, if it was scaled right... i love everything about this game besides the scalling.I think all it really needs is to be able to detect when ur strongest gladiator dies so your not just ♥♥♥♥ed after that. Or at least randomize the gladiator pick. Or make it where you can go to an area with only weak oponents for grinding a main back up. Because the games unplayeable after you lose your stronegst"
76561198008554948,Recommended,535230,31585033,Posted: 6 May,all,lomulocamotive,Pretty great game. Endless mode seems very necessary for long term replayability. Otherwise good game. I think I got it for 11$. Hopefully the developers can get an endless mode in soon. Still two thumbs up.
,Recommended,535230,31715525,Posted: 12 May,all,Max,"Worth the time.  I send them to do battle, I cheer, I cry, I yell.  In the end I had a good time.  One of those ""do better each time"" type things.  I can see where if there was no save feature this would be a rough game.If you are reading reviews, just buy it.  You won't be sad, it's what you are probably expecting."
,Not Recommended,535230,32266161,Posted: 8 June,all,Silverias,This game is ruthless to the point of being unfair.Three games in a row i didnt even get a chance to win a single fight from the start and lost all glads every time without a single win.The first time i played it i enjoyed it but now i just cant stand how unfair it actualy is.
76561198008054246,Not Recommended,535230,33462243,Posted: 11 July,all,Coronado,"I enjoyed this game, but the game didn't seem finished. I got the cursed weapon jupiter's blessing and just used that to dominate the whole game. I thikn with a little more polish this could have been a great game."
,Recommended,535230,33471373,Posted: 11 July,all,Killian,Fun and Funny.
76561198131750196,Recommended,535230,33487219,Posted: 12 July,all,demhats99,best game i have ever played by far!
76561198133601378,Not Recommended,535230,33545739,Posted: 14 July,all,Cybic2,"I made a review on this game reccomending it, but honestly i cannot reccoment it at all after actually playing it for 3 hours. Game gets insanly easy if you just train up one guy to be the best, I did that got to 558 hp and 300 attack damage had the last championchip to win and a prompt came up asking me if i wanted to A: set a lion free B: train it to fight with me or C:Kill it Obviously i Chose B cause who the hell would pass up a chance to have a lion fight for you... Game trolled me and killed the guy i had trained up. You can lose the game through a god damn prompt, and it's way too easy ""but theres endless mode!"" i hear you cry out, but really its just a extended virsion of what becomes a quickly boring game. has little to no potention for any DLC first 2 hours of ignorance are fun. once you learn how it works it becomes very boring"
,Recommended,535230,33494517,Posted: 12 July,all,DinosaurPizza,"A fun game that you can beat in two hours.It's a good idea but I wish the combat was more exciting to control. I found myself letting the AI take over frequently because they're better at mindlessly button mashing than I was, which is what this combat is.I think they released a few updates within the time that I played it, so if they were to patch in a deeper combat system -- even if it was changing the values around so the enemy AI wasn't so aggro and you had to make decisions instead of mashing -- it'd be a more enjoyable game.But still, for $5 dollars, it's a fun aside."
,Recommended,535230,33542473,Posted: 14 July,all,Kjaamor,"Domina is about five hours long. Those five hours included about six starts, and seeing it through to the end on two occasions.It's also £6.99, fully priced.It isn't particularly complicated, although it has a lot of nice touches. It feels well put-together, and has the capacity to be extremely satisfying and head in hands frustrating when things go wrong. It's a game with a very clear and simple seam to it, and when you find that the difficulty drops off enormously, but because it has a lot of polish and rattles along at a merry pace, there's still enjoyment to be had from that point.I bought it for an evening's light gaming, and that's exactly what I got from it. I would quite cheerfully recommend it as a basic and fun strategy game with RPG elements for anyone looking for one evening's worth of fun.Whether or not £6.99 represents value for money for that is at the individual's discretion. There are flash games out there for free online which have a greater lifespan. When I was playing Domina, two other games immediately sprang to mind - FTL (when does FTL NOT spring to mind?) and Punch Club. When I think of FTL I wonder if, had the developers been more ambitious and encouraged multiple playthroughs and more distinct challenges and restrictions, Domina could have been much more than it is. Yet I'm also mindful that it is not Punch Club, an enjoyable 8 hour game stretched painfully over something like 30 hours to its absolute detriment, and that is a good thing. Lacking ambition is better than wasting my time.It's cheap, it's short, it's well put-together and it could've been a lot better than it is. But at the end of the day those five hours were fun, and I paid £1.40 per hour of fun. I'll take that. Recommended."
,Recommended,535230,34911551,Posted: 12 September,all,Wamparius,A really fun management game.
,Recommended,535230,34870258,Posted: 10 September,all,"Bum, My Butt",That feeling when your best guy gets his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him in a fight you thought he'd win. There's nothing like it.10/10 nice variation of crying and cheering.
76561198117919669,Recommended,535230,34904306,Posted: 12 September,all,Ollie Penguin,"Great game, really fun and you can get, from the looks of it, a decent amount of playtime from it. I was going to buy it new but didn't due to the lack of saving however I bought it when they added it and I must say, i'm glad I did. I lvoe Romans and I love watching my gladiators fight (and win :P). A great thing that I should mention is that the devs are great. They seem to really respond to player feedback and add things if enough people want them, which is really what you want EA devs to be doing! Definitely worth a buy to see if you like it or not and, if not, then... well... you deserve to be crucified like the scum that you are :P"
76561198006894034,Not Recommended,535230,33531308,Posted: 14 July,all,Lt. Mustang,"For the most part I thoroughly enjoyed this game. That is until I completed it.The ending is completely unsatisfying and is best decribed as 'a kick in the balls'. All your hard work and you have nothing to show for it. After that the playthrough just ends, I can't keep my gladiators I worked hard to train. I just have to start again.I know there is an endless mode, but it is severly broken as the battles from the very start are impossible (the enemies are about 12 levels higher no matter how many times I tried there was no way to win and therefore to progress further)."
76561197965447822,Recommended,535230,33548806,Posted: 14 July,all,Parakeetfood,Fun game.
,Not Recommended,535230,34311333,Posted: 17 August,all,BangdUrMom420Yolo,"Game is unfinished, in need of balancing and refinement yet the dev is talking of DLC.Buy on sale, as it is quite a bit of fun (for the short, barely replayable, campaign), but be careful."
76561197960288185,Recommended,535230,34885791,Posted: 11 September,all,Renamey,Had a short but awesome time with this game. Nuture THE super warrior is fun!
,Recommended,535230,31070384,Posted: 10 April,all,Dandarabilla,"Brutal, unforgiving, no take backs style of gameplay. Which is what I would expect from a game that centres around the Roman gladiator circuit. The developer has a great sense of humour and a penchant for artistry which has been applied with aplomb in Domina. The soundtrack is catchy, well written and performed and delivered in the same atmosphere that envelops the entire game, humourously with sinister undertones.Once adept at the games mechanics an entire playthrough can be accomplished in about 80 minutes but even with almost 50 hours in the game myself and after working out how to beat it on the hardest level there are still achievements and scenarios I have not seen yet.Another rare purchase that I'm completely satisfied with!"
,Recommended,535230,34875640,Posted: 10 September,all,Shawn Lazarus,It gets old after a few play-throughs but wow is it addicting.
76561198003630772,Recommended,535230,32766220,Posted: 25 June,all,P{A}T,Pretty cool game.
76561198054152820,Recommended,535230,32762849,Posted: 25 June,all,BurgerCat,Seems like an interesting game but the lack of a proper tutorial is pretty off-putting.
76561197986572155,Recommended,535230,34669079,Posted: 1 September,all,evilleMonkeigh,Hilarious pixel violence married to an OK-ish management sim.Surprisingly good.
,Recommended,535230,30935658,Posted: 3 April,all,Crayron,"I don't write reviews often, but I feel there are a few things that need to be said, mainly that this game seems to be getting a majority of its negative reviews due to the fact that there is not a save feature, which I can agree would be nice to have in the event you need to leave your computer in the 1-2 that it takes to beat the game.However, what people don't seem to understand is by giving it all these negative reviews soley based on the fact ""I can't save."" is going to murder the game before it even has a chance. It's a single developer working on the game, and he seems to be doing what he can to get it in it's most playable state. He's read/heard the feedback, from what I can gather, and says that it will be something that's added. So, if not being able to save in such a short game is something that bothers you, just don't buy it. Don't leave a negative review based on something that the developer himself has said he will include when he can.Now onto the actual gameplay.The game itself is pretty great to be honest. You essentially manage a group of gladiators, training them and doing arena (or pit) fights. There is also regional fights, which are basically boss battles (and sometimes quite tricky). First thing one would most likely want to do, is train ""Mind Control"" which although pretty self explainatory allows you to take direct control of one gladiator in the arena/pit fights. So don't be dismayed when the first arena fight you do, you are unable to control your character!The fighting itself is pretty quick, there's a difficulty slider in options if you're having a tough time (or too easy of a time!) and although there isn't a huge array of weaponry, the armour upgrades are fantastic. One thing I would like to see, is a larger variety of weaponry added, though I'm sure that it will be eventually.Other than that, the small random events are quite interesting, and sometimes have great benefits, or lead to you being assassinated. Ya know, the usual. And the variety of NPCs you can hire in your camp are pretty neat, each providing different benefits.Overall I would say this game has absolutely fantastic potential, and for $10.99 (CAD) I would absolutely recommend it to anyone. And please to those who gave negative reviews solely based on the fact they cannot save, do consider rethinking it, as the developer (being one person) will more than likely struggle to get sales if the review score is ""Mostly Negative"" or ""Mixed"". People should do research and read the reviews yes, however to someone giving it a casual glance, it does the game quite the injustice."
76561198017684755,Recommended,535230,30980346,Posted: 6 April,all,Lofar,"I love this game.The theme, the quirkiness, the balance of mechanics, the variation of options per-playthrough, the aesthetic and the sound design. It's all extremely satisfying.I feel genuine fear sending my gladiators to face off in the arena/pit/colosseum that they will suffer a gory defeat, never to fight again. It's a thrilling game and I love it. I honestly believe that my joy from playing this game is ENHANCED by the lack of a save feature. At the time of this review I've had 5.5hrs of playtime, and I've reached the endgame 3 times. Not once of those times did I complete the finale, and I'm driven to go back and do over and over.There's no functional pause (aside from going into menus), there's no save feature, there's no mercy (unless the gods will it) and it just fits this theme.The dev - the single ONE dev - is getting loads of flak from the community over not including a save feature, but they are constantly putting out updates to fix bugs. This and the quality of the material clearly indicates that this person cares a butt-load about their game. I don't know how much of the save-game debacle was intentional and how much was neglect, but if it's omission was intentional, I support the choice 100%.I'm excited to start my Ludus afresh on my next playthrough, and am glad I have no record of how badly I ♥♥♥♥ed it up on the last 3."
,Recommended,535230,30936392,Posted: 3 April,all,Rictus,"A fantastic little game, ignore the negative reviews and enjoy it for what it is."
76561197986043360,Recommended,535230,30948878,Posted: 4 April,all,cpt_fishcakes,"Torn between recommending and not, but I enjoy it just enough to push it over. The games no save, not even on exit is its biggest downfall, so unless you can commit to a full play through in one go don’t bother for now. Tutorials terrible as well, so it will take a few false starts to figure out what the hells going on in the game. But once you get the hang of it, there is a fun fast paced hack and slash management game lurking within.The campaign while relatively short is varied enough each time you play it ( you will restart it a lot, the game is merciless) to remain enjoyable. But I would recommend watching some gameplay on Youtube or twitch first to see if its your thing."
,Not Recommended,535230,30935346,Posted: 3 April,all,@GAiNZvsGAMES,"started a game and couldnt save it.... gg no re. (literally)refunded it and got my money back right away.apart from this it seemed like a cool game, its just going to be too annoying not ever being able to finish a game."
,Recommended,535230,30935405,Posted: 3 April,all,Billy_fq,"highly recommend it, its a hardcore roguelike game that has challenges in of its self and many different play style. Balancing between the magistrate and the legiate is easy at times but hard when ur on a losing streaks. its great for streaming and espcially for partnered streamer its great 10/10 still little thing here and there but the Dev will continue to update the game. get the soundtrack as well it is great"
76561197975854441,Recommended,535230,30947074,Posted: 4 April,all,ChanSolo,Enjoying my time with the game so far but the no save feature got me :/ Was a few hours in and not too far from the end but it was 2am and went to bed....
76561198031377032,Recommended,535230,30986097,Posted: 6 April,all,Mika,"I am giving this a positive review because it is a really fun game. The only problem is of course the lack of saving but it is a really worthwhile purchase.PROUnique looking and fun concept, the randomness keeps it interestingNon-repetitiveeasy to learnGreat soundtrackVersatility of how you want to playGladiators, blood, lions, killing magistrates, learning gossip, abusing peasants what isn't to love?CONSAI is a bit too difficult at the moment but I know the dev is addressing this problem. Often have to reject early fights as they are far too difficult.No save.Upgrades are lost if you fire your people (fired my Doctore by accident...no way I could recover)A little glitchy here and there, for example on my laptop I can't scroll down and see all the professions I can hire, not sure why."
,Recommended,535230,32713599,Posted: 23 June,all,FuturamaKing,"Very fun game, a bit short, would like to see more features and gameplay, make it a bit longer...Recommanded!Fair price point, 10$"
76561198033980198,Recommended,535230,30930641,Posted: 3 April,all,Pep Pep,"A few hours in, and I've already decided to give a positive review.The mechanics are pretty simple, and the game sort of progresses automatically, but all of your choices are hugely important.  Get too cocky and accept the wrong fight, or find yourself politically pressured into a fight, and you might just find yourself starting at the screen is disbelief that the gladiator you spent all your time and energy focusing on decapitated in the blink of an eye.There should be a save feature.  Not incorporating one is just lazy on the dev's behalf.$10 is a fair price.  You could wait for a sale, but you likely won't be disappointed either way."
76561197996986809,Not Recommended,535230,30931340,Posted: 3 April,all,Bags,"I beat the game on my first run, played it again and beat it again on my second run.Mind you I didn't beat all of the regional champions, but I didn't feel the need to since my gladiators far outmached the regional champs. Was also rolling in money and they don't offer anything other than a distraction so they are kind of pointless tbh.I've basically seen all this game has to offer already in less than 3.5 hours, which i'm not complaining about and for 10 bucks I'm not upset about either. It just feels like a there is a lot of missed potential still on the table.Best way I can describe why this is not recommended...This is like a good foundation for a game, but lacks any real depth or variety.can easily be finished in one short sitting.Once you figure out what works(which doesn't take very long) that's it...you can just rinse and repeat and win every time without any real reason to try a differnt strategy because there isn't enough variety/depth to the game to support different play styles or experimentation.There is a time limit to the campaign, which forces you to play under that restriction.This makes the game move relatively fast, and as stated above once you beat it there is really no reason to do so again so these two things combined make for an akward experience.No save feature, so unless you can dedicate that time to play through all at once, you have to start fresh every time the game crashes or you close it.(EDIT: i guess there is a save feature now, i wouldn't know for as stated above there's nothing left for me to see here.)"
,Recommended,535230,30949223,Posted: 4 April,all,Johanhecan,"The Dev(s) of Domina did a awsome job!Tough would be wise to feature a save option in the near futureI won't refund (like some noobs)Because you guy's need the funds for further development of the gamePlus the fact you guy's made an awsome game!!!Excelent music and soundsGood gladiator equipment optionsGood skill treeGood diverse options to improve the ludusGood and fun random events in between fightsOveral 8/10Will follow and keep playing this great game.Friendly Greets,Johan L"
76561198027156385,Recommended,535230,30967292,Posted: 5 April,all,Blue Eyes White Privileged!,"Some of the most fun I've had playing a game. After having gone through several playthroughs, I can say the game is pretty great. You need time in order to play through it properly though. While I agree to some extent, a save function would be nice. Only in the case of a save, that saves when you quit. And which deletes your save when you load the game back up."
76561198125273586,Not Recommended,535230,30982340,Posted: 6 April,all,tristan2468,i wanna give this game a good score but the lack of a save option and the horrible balancing of the game is forcing my opinion into the negatiive. By unbalanced i mean its idiotic to have 5 of your gladiators killed by a single opponent who is supposed to be weaker then your weakest gladiator but yet some how they just reap your entire team........seriously fix that cause stats seem to be useless.
,Not Recommended,535230,30996723,Posted: 7 April,all,MajesticShrek,"At the moment, this game is not worth buying. I'm sure with an implementation of a save feature and the fixing of random crashes (the amount of times I've gotten partway through the game but have had to restart because a popup hasn't gone away and i literally cannot play the game) it will be much better. The game itself has tons of potential though, but is way too difficult for me, even on the easiest level. The luck mechanics really grate on me, considering you can play really well and control the AI and still get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you.One loss basically ruins your run through, and i'm just tired of restarting again and again due to either crashes or my best gladiator running to his death like a headless chicken.However, the soundtrack is freaking amazing. I absolutely love it, and can't believe only one person made it.Tl;Dr just too frustrating to play right now."
,Recommended,535230,30929948,Posted: 3 April,all,CyberCrestGaming,Great Game! Love every part.However the lack of  a save feature means that my 3 hours has  been sadly wasted.
76561198003127366,Recommended,535230,30985637,Posted: 6 April,all,primeking,"Went into an easy fight near the endgame with my best ( way better than my adversary ) champion, got crit in the face, had to start over from scratch after 2 hours of play time. 10/10 would start over again"
76561198003144318,Recommended,535230,30994943,Posted: 7 April,all,WarWind,Difficult but enjoyable game. Who need save option anyway?
,Recommended,535230,30944876,Posted: 4 April,all,Waldschrat,Cons:- No Savegames yetPros:- everything elseJust an awesome little game well worth it's price.
76561197989281707,Recommended,535230,30987662,Posted: 6 April,all,Specificity,Really enjoying this game! Lots of stats and factors to balance. Great soundtrack.
,Recommended,535230,32743764,Posted: 24 June,all,Ω,"The game itself is really fun but can be unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥. I've had to restart several times because I lost all my gladiators to the first fights, and because it's part of the tutorial I can't decline to let my gladiator fight a guy with 7 victories under his belt right out of the gate. I'm all for a game being punishing, but there is a difference between ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG simply slapping you in the face and being punished for making a mistake.Like I said though, it's a really fun game, it's just savage when right out of the box you get put into a fight you can't win before you can get a single training period off, and then it happens again, and then a 3rd time, and then you're out of gladiators and you can't do anything about it."
76561198039988117,Recommended,535230,31349889,Posted: 24 April,all,squeegood,"Gladiators? Check.Greed? Check.An earnest and devoted developer?  Double check.This game punishes you when you take uncalcuated risks but a new day in your Lundus is only  a new game away.  My first playthough I was cautious and caring but each new run through I find myself taking those risks, being greedy and cold hearted.  Almost like that's the way its to be played!Needs moar lions."
76561197961066696,Recommended,535230,33092700,Posted: 1 July,all,re-animated,"Short but sweet!Absolutley worth buying!You are a domina, trying to make it in in the arenas of Rome. Suck up to the magistrate, buy slaves and get guuud. Once you figure out how to make one fighter absolutely OP the game gets too easy. The music is also absolutely brilliant. The only con to this game is it's length. If this game continued over many seasons (years) getting harder and harder it would be even better. Once you got a couple of great gladiators it sucks to have to start over from scratch. Nontheless this game has great replayability on harder difficulties.Cudos to the devs for making a real gem, BUT since the game is VERY short I would recommend getting it at a sale (everyone should though)."
76561198298502633,Recommended,535230,33095686,Posted: 1 July,all,Teflon Bong,addicting but needs more substance
76561198065753764,Recommended,535230,33201844,Posted: 3 July,all,Bot Fred,Advice: Get mind control as fast as possible.
,Recommended,535230,33083594,Posted: 1 July,all,winton,"""You stubbed your toe and dropped a delicious sandwich on the floor...""""The world can be a cruel place.""10/10"
76561198028562664,Not Recommended,535230,33202474,Posted: 3 July,all,Wedengart,"This games UI is probably one of the WORST I have ever seen; And I have looked at a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ assetflip early access games.Plus, the options dont even work outside of the game!To be fair though, I did like the fact that the developer wanted to turn this game into a twitch game."
,Recommended,535230,33217640,Posted: 3 July,all,TheFranchise,Glorious game! Best soundtrack I have ever had in a game!
76561198127814843,Recommended,535230,33229620,Posted: 4 July,all,SubmarineIRL,"Very entertaining. Took me a couple tries and a few favorite gladiators getting wrecked to get a hang of it, worth the sale price."
,Recommended,535230,33087966,Posted: 1 July,all,Huntsman,A great game especially at 5$ but even at 10$ it is a great price and a fantastic game. Amazing soundtrack and very captivating gameplay all around 9/10. You most likely won't beat it on the first try and it is a challenging game.
,Not Recommended,535230,33214844,Posted: 3 July,all,comradeK,"You can spend a couple of hours building an amazing team of gladiators and then die from starvation due to a 2-week flood. If that's your idea of fun, then go ahead and buy it."
,Recommended,535230,32751217,Posted: 24 June,all,malaisling,"At first this game seems incredibly choppy and illogical, but apparently this is all caused by how little the tutorial actually informs players. The game revolves around players sitting at their hub, selecting upgrade options for various features of their hub and gladiators, paying for new equipment for their gladiators, experiencing random text based events and performing various other clicking tasks. Sending their gladiators to the arena to paricipate in pit fights, arena battles and exhibitions at various timed intervals.Player gladiators are controlled by the computer by default, and fights are simply the player watching. However players can unlock a low cost perk in the upgrade tree which unlocks manual gladiator control. The game thus revolves around resource management, hub management, and combat or computer combat spectating, however most of the finer points of this are left completely unexplained. Making the game feel profoundly bad to play until the player naturally discovers all the various elements that they can and must control and manage. The game being a very interesting and solid gladiator management experience once this point is reached an hour or more into playing.The art style and graphical quality is fantastic, the music is thrilling, the text event writing is solid and sometimes hilarious and the combat system is decent. The management side of the game also feels very balanced in that loses can be recovered, and so there is not likely to be a point where it feels like the game becomes unplayable. Losing a gladiator sucks, but it is not remotely as crippling as it is in some games where losing your character wastes tens of minutes to hours of your time.The primary downsides to the game are the presence of multiple awkward glitches, despite the amount of fixes the game has recieved; but most of these glitches are more quirky and once identified they can be avoided decently well. The lack of a deep tutorial, which the game certainly needs, in order for players to properly understand the mechanics is a huge problem for beginners. And finally, how spastic the combat can sometimes be. The enemies in the game will sometimes just resort to spamming their attack over and over, which will usually obliterate the players gladiator even if they were already winning. The game would benefit much more if the combat was made slower, heavier, and more methodical then it currently is as at times it does feel arbitrarily spammy.In all a good game with a strong amount of playability for those who enjoy system management. However players drawn in by the violent trailers will likely be disappointed by how much of the game is about managing gladiators instead of being one."
76561198066025275,Recommended,535230,30927751,Posted: 3 April,all,HeftigerBoi,"the game is fun and stuff but there is no way to ""save""  the game, which is pretty anoying."
,Recommended,535230,30954694,Posted: 4 April,all,Jean-Luc,"OverallI would say this game is worth the $10 theyre asking. Its increadibly fun, has a few quirks, but nothing unsurmountable.It's not got FTL levels of replayability, but its got enough novelties about it that I enjoyed it in a similar fashion.Expect this game to be difficult, and brutal the same way you would any permadeath game. It will bend you over here and there, but it seems very fitting when it does, for the most part.Pros:+++ Very fun, exactly the kind of thing you'd want to play after watching 300, Rome, or Spartacus.+      Multiple classes.+      The difficulty seems about right for a permadeath game.++    Beautfiul pixel art.+++ Hilarious background dialogues and events, really, the developer has a great sense of humor.Cons:--     No Save function: This is irritating if you don't have the 2-5 hours it takes to play, or prefer to stop and come back later.---    The game Mechanics are somewhat difficult to grasp in places, and not very well explained.--     There needs to be a good amount of balancing all around. Some mechanics seem to be clearly out paced by other options available even though they seem to have been intended as alternatives.Nitty GrittyThe game is very enjoyable, it gives you the feel of being the Domina/us from Spartacus durring the Roman Empire. The developer clearly did some research when making this. Its got lots of Roman culture and history pulled together into a game that feels like a mashup between an HBO drama and a Monty Python film. However, my bigest complaint is that the controls and the interractions between various elements are not at all clear many of the times. For instance, one of the classes has a net on it, and I still dont know after beating the game thrice how to throw a net. Similarly the combat mechanics seem to break down as the number of combatants increases, for this reason the very very late game is somewhat messy and unintelligible. Don't get me wrong, there is good occlusion like we see in FTL event dialogs, and this game captures some of that, but it also has quite a bit of poorly done occlusion where you're not quite certain for example whether the favour of the legit and magistrate actually effect the matches. All told, I think this game is worth the $10 for the fun you'll have pretending to be a roman gladiator/ludas owner, and trying to figure out how to beat the game. Especially so if the developer continues to do updates like he has in the days after the release."
76561197987312565,Not Recommended,535230,33216418,Posted: 3 July,all,Marconius,"The theme and aesthetic is great, but it's not all that enjoyable as a management game. The UI is very clunky (clicking gladiators in the ludus is really hard and you often end up dragging on accident), and a lot of data is not sorted very well; stats are also rather obscure and their interaction is not very well explained, which makes balancing what you want more of a guessing game; comparing gladiators before a match is a massive pain as well, it's very hard to make out how strong an opponent is from the jumble of numbers. The combat itself is also very quick and often just a flurry, so it's very hard to learn from and make strategic decisions on what you did wrong and what you should improve, there is very little feedback.There are also practically no safety nets; on multiple occasions I simply ran out of money and everyone starved to death, because there is no way to make money unless you already have money, and even then it's a gamble. Having to restart a whole game because of one mistake is not fun, so some kind of fallback mechanic would be very needed.There is also a major flaw in the tutorial where the Jupiter Blessing boosts you can give your gladiators is locked until you defeat a boss, which takes a while to get to; but of course all your enemies have them, which makes the game even more difficult.I also don't really see why the 'training' part, which is the majority of the game, had to be real time; it just makes what would be management into a rush, and there seem to be really no point to it; you're going to automate training anyway, so it's not like the pseudo-clicker mechanic they kinda had in there has much purpose. I feel this part would have worked much better if it was simply turn-based. And yes, you can pause, but the game was clearly not designed for it.I don't know how fun the combat is when you actually mind-control a character, I never tried that out; I was looking for more of the management aspect, but unfortunately the game is just frustrating, and later a bit boring and one-note in that aspect."
76561198058802761,Recommended,535230,31805353,Posted: 17 May,all,Kraxx,Pretty fun game. Definitely worth 10$
76561198066669748,Recommended,535230,31797341,Posted: 16 May,all,Syncronin,Good game! If you're into games like this.
,Not Recommended,535230,31053244,Posted: 9 April,all,Iron,"Oh hey you dont have time to finish the game in one sitting? Well cool cus we dont have a save feature. Saving isnt even a feature, its juts a thing thats needed and its not here....Its a fun managment game, but gosh, no save makes it impossible to finish.If you can finish it (about 3-5 hours), then do it."
,Not Recommended,535230,31759886,Posted: 14 May,all,Falrinth,"With very little info on how the combat mechanics work and how exactly things are calculated there is no way to plan smart (unless you are willing to dig internet, trough all the menaingless ""guides"" out there, that wont clear up the mechanics - barely explaining basics, and keeping calculation formulas a mystery).Combine this with ultra chaotic fights and very dull form of management (the tedious ludus managent - this should be relaxing and comfortable, not a dull and braindead chore) this game becomes so random and fristrating, there is no way to enjoy it for me (i dont find fun in totall randomness - clicking things that may or may work as i think they do and watch random results).Also the difficulty is just brutal even on easy. No way of keeping your gladiators up to pair with enemies' growing stats.Interesting game concept, but its to crude to enjoy right now, and i have got a feeling that there is just one or two specific paths that can (with luck) get you to the end of the game, and the rest is there for you just to waste your time trying it out.Unless you are bound to switch to manuall hack and slash game, master it and then win. Im not a fan of a crude pixel-art, repeatable hack and slash either. Was rather hoping for a nice rogue-like management game."
76561198015616957,Recommended,535230,31795474,Posted: 16 May,all,RJ,you can train up gladiators and watch them fight in the arena it's great if you are a fan of spartacus.
,Recommended,535230,35136408,Posted: 22 September,all,Dylanarino,"finished this game quite quickly, but i'd happily go back to it again as it was a right laugh.Brilliant game"
76561198344449901,Not Recommended,535230,35397126,Posted: 1 October,all,HMno1,"No matter how high the stats on your gladiator are, there is always somebody to match them in every battle you come across. It kind of erases the idea of becoming ""strong"", you can never be the dominating ludus because there is always a worthy challenger. Now you might say this is to keep the aspect of challenge in the game but instead it just demolishes any goal that i had in mind when i played the game before, especially in endless mode. ""Im going to build the ultimate gladiator,"" its impossible unfortunately. However, the ""One Punch Man"" system (the only way to win the game) is still actually here because the gladiators you fight are always on par with your champion so you cant actually pit any of your other gladiators against the challenger because its a guaranteed loss but theres also a chance that your champion can lose in which case youre screwed lol, even if the Legate and Magistrate are on your side as it seems to no longer make a difference from my experience of over an hour playing with their temperament being blissful and also playing on the easiest difficulty. Also, the game crashes when the ludus is overloaded. And crashes again when i try to load it back up because the ludus is still overloaded. And again. And again. Basically, youre done if your ludus is overloaded."
76561198011160616,Recommended,535230,35132993,Posted: 22 September,all,Tuna,It's a hard and unforgiving game but it's very fun and addictive. Recommended for people who like management games and dismemberment.
76561198000321865,Recommended,535230,35131868,Posted: 22 September,all,Dunemouse,"Love the concept on this one. I've done 2 playthroughs on normal difficulty and have an endless mode game going into the 3rd year. Right now the game is pretty decent-- still needs some polish and a few features added to make it a great game, but it's worth buying on sale and definitely something to add to your watchlist if you're into spetacles of violence and greed."
,Recommended,535230,35074080,Posted: 19 September,all,nate12650,This is an awe some strategy game.
76561198021802394,Not Recommended,535230,30974289,Posted: 5 April,all,flyf4ck,"I liked many things on the game, however, you can't save, neither stop time and I extremly hate the ending.I do not want to spoil too much for the reader but I like the humour that is put into the ending when you win, however, when betting the game you at least expect something better.Lot of potential,  but can also add lot more option and bigger storyline.Moneywise, i would say wait until they change few things before buying it, but simply few change this will become easily worth the money."
76561198008048014,Not Recommended,535230,30961039,Posted: 5 April,all,Zabon,"The game, while fun at first suffers from the major issue of not having a save feature. Each time you close the game all of your progress is lost, regardless of how far you got. No matter how fun the game is, constantly losing all progress unless you have the dedicated time to sit through an entire playthrough, it's not worth it. I am very tempted to refund the game, until this issue is resolved."
,Not Recommended,535230,30931501,Posted: 3 April,all,Tibelius,"Bought it, played it, got disappointed, refunded it.The game feels like your decisions (which you don't really have a lot tbh) don't matter. Most of the game time is spend in your Ludum, building and upgrading things. The things you upgrade and do otherwise are often just multipliers on damage and other such effects.You guy gear for your gladiators to make them stronger in combat. This in turn feels like it has no effect to the fights, since they are often decided in under a second. In a group fight, all the gladiators start in two tight stacks. After the round starts, both stacks run into each other and hit once. The group that gets the first hits in, often wins, because those first hits hit EVERYONE SINGLE ONE of the other team's gladiators.To counter this, you can control a single gladiator. This allows you to move around the battlefield and do the same moves as the terrible, terrible AI has available. In practice you'll quickly notice that the only way to win fights without losses, is to send in a single warrior with high agility. With that single soldier you kite all opponents until you've poked them all dead. Yet even with this cheesy tactic, you'll often get one-shot by a single gladiator, since attacks can deal all of your HP in one hit even if you have really good gear and good statistics.In short, I find the game ""OK"" in terms of the management side, but your choices should have more impact on the gameplay. Also the (unnoticeable) effect of all the statistics and gear should be more verbosely explained for the player. For a management game, there is not enough information given to make decisions.I do not recommend this game for anyone as it is now."
76561197993251888,Not Recommended,535230,30937792,Posted: 4 April,all,jlew5,Can't save your game. WTF? V1.0 and can't save your game.
76561198036111023,Recommended,535230,30935825,Posted: 3 April,all,Otter Von Bismarck,"This game really is wonderful, it captures the nature of blood sport within the eternal city in a hilarious and epic way! The combat is easy to learn and hard to master, you really do get that feeling of building gladiators up from a worthless slave into a champion of glory. That feeling of having your dream team go up against a great warrior...... and losing everything.This game is well worth the $10 price point.However, the big flaw that is a dark spot on this game is the lack of a save option :(It has brought up to the developers, and if fixes, this can be a great and wonderful indie game!"
,Recommended,535230,30930826,Posted: 3 April,all,Alberto,"If there's one thing you don't care about when playing this game, it's the lack of ""save"" option. Seriously, the replayability in Domina is massive. Why would I want to save when I can train new gladiators almost instantly?I totally fell in love with the social sharing options and the fight simulations. AI is well-balanced, as well as taught skills and upgraded weapons.I am not a big fan of UI/UX design, but seriously - you don't pay that much attention to it. You're focused on killing enemies! Great simulator, with decent graphic design, beautiful music, and awesome battles. So don't mention the negative ""no save feature"" reviews and buy Domina. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,535230,30939431,Posted: 4 April,all,Vermino,ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!!!!
76561198039381726,Recommended,535230,30937828,Posted: 4 April,all,g2hawkair,"Love it, art and soundtrack. And the fact that the game is synced to the music is really cool! Needless to say, buggy tho not game breaking imo.To those having trouble with invisible gladiators and pit fights, make sure game is using correct GPU, not integrated!"
,Recommended,535230,31009964,Posted: 7 April,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"it doesn't really NEED  a save feature. game only takes 2-3 hours to complete. goes faster if you uncheck ""brutal fights"" so fighters do more damage. a quality of life change would be a save on exit like FTL or something for people like me who rage when someone dies and just want to quit and take a break.other than that though it is a total blast. it seems so simple but figuring out what stats to max, what people to hire to make your gladiators better, and all that minute stuff is so fun to micro manage. it's the kind of out of combat character managment that i love so much in games like this.it just needs some more refinement and it will truly be another game like FTL or risk of rain and do a playthrough when you don't know what else to play.one sidenote that causes me a lot of rage and i will knock the game on is that some fights feel way too RNG based. i'm an avid fan of darkest dungeon so i know how RNG works but when my guy has 40 hp on the enemy, higher AI fighting skill, and more weapon damage, why am i getting destroyed? just saying that sometimes paper stats just mean nothing. #triggered"
,Recommended,535230,31096855,Posted: 12 April,all,Gorkmork,great game witch only lacks a savegame function. might be a game design decision might get updated with one of the short term patches :) 5/5 would buy again
76561197997697003,Recommended,535230,31158976,Posted: 15 April,all,n3k,"A quality game, its really good.But 2-3 hours and you are done, and theres very little replay value.10 bucks for 2-3 hours is not enough, i own games i bought for 30 bucks and ive got 2000 hours and more on them"
76561198053469511,Recommended,535230,31142785,Posted: 14 April,all,zone,"个人觉得应该改进的地方:1中文支持2加入无尽模式(当然有存档)3群P的时候初始位置应该分散开,战斗会更加精彩,几十个人聚在一起几秒钟就完事了I think this game can be enhanced by these suggestions:1.Support Chinese2.Unlimit mode(of course with save feature)3.The gladiators should be dispersed in a NvN fight.The battle will be more attractive"
76561197975756797,Recommended,535230,31203348,Posted: 17 April,all,Dr.Professor (|[MUSIC]|),"Most of the complaints I've read can be overcome through in game mechanics or upgrades, the people either dont know how to or didn't even try. The only complaints I have is low replayability when finished, no endless mode, no save function. Even if that save function ensured that dead gladiators stayed dead (No quitting without saving, autosaves fights) it would be fine, I like the rogue-like aspect.Protip: Use mind control, spearmen are the best in the game, meditate your soldiers to 100 if you plan on auto fighting. Potentially give them AI upgrade blessing (if you can get your hands on it). End fight can use ALL your guys. Dont skimp on better gear, hire smith to repair/freely upgrade your gear."
76561198284437564,Recommended,535230,31054803,Posted: 9 April,all,snoopie,"it was great, except that at the beginning my quaility was high so it was lagging a lot (my pc isnt the best) i turned it down a bit and bam! problem fixed. great game other wise"
76561198007203807,Not Recommended,535230,33476121,Posted: 12 July,all,[KoF] EdwardReynolds,Game forces you to make uninformed decisions for no reason. Someone wants something from you in a random event? Hope you remember everyones name and all their abilities and stats cos this game will not let you check before making your decision. Shame.
76561198009176288,Recommended,535230,31091110,Posted: 11 April,all,Euspa,"16 hours and about 14 games is how long it took me to beat Domina. It took a lot of trial and error, and now that I've done it, I can say that I feel that using Mind Control for the last battle was one of the intense experience I've felt playing a game in a long time. A 10/10 experience for a good final battle + ""epilogue?"". However, over all I must admit that I feel the game was lacking in other areas, and will give it an over-all 6/10. This game can be fun if you enjoy management simulators, though you can also take direct control of your gladiators by using the Mind Control research, which is what can make or break your game sometimes.*EDIT @ 38 Hours* After 38 hours of game time, I have played the game several times but only beat it probably about 4 times. Since I wrote this review, I have played on and off between a few updates, and even failing to beat the game now, the final battle is still as intense as the first time I played it. This replayability makes this game that much better. Therefore, I feel that the score is probably more along an 8/10 (Rather than a '6' ) with the updates. *EDIT*What I'd like to see in this game:A longer game-play time:Start to Championship, the game takes about two hours. For some this is too long, but for me this is not long enough. I would like to see an alternate game-mode that will either let me build a group over the course of a few years (in-game), or at least last a little bit longer in terms of real-time, like having multiple matches in a day, each for different fighters. However, this mode would encourage some form of...A save-state:This game doesn't offer any way to save, with the exception that the game will attempt to load a crashed game. Saving a crashed game is an awesome thing to add to the game, as I have personally felt the affects of completely losing a 1 1/2 hour game because of a fatal error.That said, I would like to be able to stop the game and come back to it later, if only to place the game into a pause until I've got the time to resume my Domina experience.*EDIT @ 38 hours* The game now has a save-state which dramatically improved playability for me, especially because of the crashes that can sometimes occur during play. This makes it so that I can exit the game and re-join the same game after the last battle, which will reduce the lag upon re-entering the game.  *EDIT*More subltety, sneaky tricks, and/or consequences:There's a few moments in the game that feel repeated a few times, such as an opponent who starts out wounded or goes 3v1. One said enemy one-hit killed one of my gladiators for over 500 points of damage. That's great. Loss is a part of the game, and I can handle that. That being said, I never take those fights now because I know that doing them will be instant death for at least one of my fighters. There's no consequence for me saying no (save for the small amount of wine I pay for rejecting), and little incentive for me to say yes. I feel that there should either be A) more moments like this, B) make them less obvious, and C) add more consequences (and potentially more rewards for taking on these *actual* champions that can one-shot some of the giants that exist on the map).Wider variance in situationsThere's a labrynth in the bottom of the colosseum in Rome, so why couldn't there be one in Domina? I think it would shake things up if there was a randomly generated maze that had free-roaming lions in it along with an opponent. Who can last the longest or kill the other first? (Mind Control recommended)Free-for-alls. Is your gladiator the best of the four of them?Perhaps more obstacles, potentially obstacles that damage, such as fire pits, or people on the sides that spear you if you get too close to the edge.Better tool-tips:This game doesn't really spell out a whole lot of the nuances of stats. After looking at several reviews and discussions, it seems that a lot of people have no idea what does what. For instance, until I googled it, I didn't know that you had to alternate your mouse clicks in order to save a downed gladiator. Perhaps adding a mouse icon with alternating highlights would help there.Now, it's easy to point out things that I think would be cool to add, but it can be very difficult to add some of these things in practice. I see a lot of room for improvement for the game, but I still recommend it because I had fun developing a group of gladiators, reading the commentary and various social situations, and having Dark Souls-esque final boss fights with a giant, wearing nothing but a a shield and Gladius because I accidently set my mind control to a naked Murmillo.*EDIT @38 Hours* I would like to thank the game creator for continuing to truck through the updates despite negative reviews and complaints about games modes, lag, and saving the game. This is a solid game and I'm glad to see it's improvement. *EDIT*"
,Not Recommended,535230,33381470,Posted: 8 July,all,Lt. Don Draper,"Broken mess on Windows 7. Invisible enemies and crashing galore, can't even save."
76561198036792128,Not Recommended,535230,32791069,Posted: 25 June,all,The Bearded Nun,"Little more than a random numbers generator. Skill and strategy don't apply due to RN-Jesus dictating when and how you suceed. Your game can literally end because of random events during your playthrough costing you HOURS of time.If you want your money's worth, pick up on sale."
,Recommended,535230,30924492,Posted: 3 April,all,TwitchingIntensifies 天国,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥dev is amazing and the game is amazing forget to remake review after the save game patch but now the game is even beter.
,Recommended,535230,30950691,Posted: 4 April,all,Juggernaut,The perfect game all it is missing is a save option i would really like thatif you add that it would be a 10/10 but for now 9/10
76561198164145463,Not Recommended,535230,35377985,Posted: 1 October,all,Aaronamourius,"Actually an amazing game, however, it got way harder lately. Even if you put the dificulty low, you'll loose your first fight, no matter what, it makes the game incredibly unbalanced and generally less fun to play."
,Recommended,535230,31224846,Posted: 18 April,all,Hoshi,"Super fun game for ten dollars, I find it's more fun to watch the ai fight but you can really do some damage with the better archetyped fighter classes as a player. Very neat mechanics, overall I kinda like how it's currently set up even without saving."
,Not Recommended,535230,32809995,Posted: 26 June,all,Darklordkirby,"rather intresting managing game but not without a share of problems.1. You have to manually click gladiators to train them, there is no automatic train option nor any penalty for endlessly training them.2. Some (see most) employees dont have any visual indicator that shows what they do has an effect. you also lose all their affects if you fire them. some also dont seem worth buying.3.  Your sucess or failures have no affect on the ending. It is solely determined by a never mentioned mechanic which if you never use (or in my case only used on gladiators that constantly failed me and extras I won and didnt need.) determins if you survive/win.4. gear you gladiators drop in battle are gone forever even if you win.Over all 3/10 losing to a unknown mechanic and none of my gladiators being involved dispite max good morale has soured my taste.edit: gave the game another 2 hours with the new knowledge of the game. there is no difference in difficulty from normal to pro gamer, it only shortens the alloted day count. still encountered the jupiter blessing bug. going over it a few more times i learn that the game has very litle variety in the random events that occur. going into the game blind was a much better experince then the second with more knowledge, now its just dull."
76561198172604914,Recommended,535230,31330030,Posted: 23 April,all,K.K.K,Their is a major advantage to streamers since they get money from cheers also its unbalanced
,Not Recommended,535230,33577752,Posted: 15 July,all,pie tin cat,"I was excited for a gruesome management sim, but I was disappointed. The tutorial on this game is minimal, making success difficult. So much of it is luck based, but in an incredibly frustrating way. Overall it just feels shallow to me, and I come out of it feeling frustrated."
76561198068484948,Recommended,535230,31165212,Posted: 15 April,all,tony carwash,"i dont know why people are complaining about a save feature, its like complaining that there is no save feature on binding of isaac. its a roguelikewould recommend. 8/10"
,Recommended,535230,31201759,Posted: 17 April,all,Necksus,"NOTE TO ALL CONSUMERS: The game now possesses a rudimentary save function.  Enjoy.I find this to be one of the more enjoyable rogue-lite ""Run-style"" games.  Unlike longer run games such as FTL or Grimrock, you're working in a fairly fast moving time period.  Every few seconds, a day will simply tick by and as your 300-odd days get closer to 0, your goal is to send your gladiators to defeat as many of the major champions as possible in that time.  The developer has implemented multiple endings for replayability.If it were not for the low price point, I'd find the game underwhelming for its lack of some basic functionalities like save game slots, and some tooltips for some options, but vague descriptor terms for others.The developer is quite prolific in how frequently he updates.  Big thumbs up for that."
76561198166077501,Recommended,535230,31264721,Posted: 20 April,all,bossotron2000,Really like how the combat system works and how hard the game is but the only thing I don't like is that there is no save feature. Best gladiator game.
,Recommended,535230,32770264,Posted: 25 June,all,Apeglegbaby,What kinda f***ed up ending is that???????
,Recommended,535230,34557796,Posted: 28 August,all,BabyGotBack!,a neat little piece of history
76561198006681349,Recommended,535230,33470295,Posted: 11 July,all,Anubis,I hope this game gets a AAA 3d full blown release! - YES BUY IT!
,Recommended,535230,34528145,Posted: 27 August,all,Tenored,Great game! So fun and fills a niche for people who love gladiator battles. Too bad it's so short - I want more!
76561198065684788,Not Recommended,535230,33005103,Posted: 29 June,all,Mallicious,"Fun game, but not for very long.Even without the tutorial, the game is very easy to understand. Unfortunately, as soon as you understood the concept, you also find out, that you only need to win 2-3 battles with one of your gladiators to beat the whole game. After winning the first few battles your gladiator becomes so strong, that your stats far outweigh thouse of your opponents. With every win they grow exponentially, thus not challenging the player to focus on any kind of strategy."
76561197964466717,Not Recommended,535230,32757960,Posted: 24 June,all,GeneralChaos,An idle game pretending to not be. It's alright at that. But the AI is so♥♥♥♥♥♥once you start having group battles; One side can easily get stunlocked to death. No team tactics and everyone can stand in the same place.
76561198000747817,Recommended,535230,31076874,Posted: 11 April,all,Mr. G,I love this game.  Yes it needs a save feature but there is a work around.  It seems the dev is working on adding it in.See how to save here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rxn5Ph43rus
,Not Recommended,535230,34606209,Posted: 30 August,all,casklord,"Theres a lack of strategy, and it seems like you just make one guy really strong, by clikcing train and don't do anything else.Also it is real time instead of turn/day based, which is weird for a game like this."
76561197991077842,Not Recommended,535230,30967286,Posted: 5 April,all,Slax,Jumping from beta 0.42 to 1.0 was a mistake. There just isn't much of a game here.
,Recommended,535230,30981688,Posted: 6 April,all,BOT Gay,"This game is AWESOME,after they added the save feature this game is way better,AMAZING pixelated graphics,THE GREATEST SOUNDTRACKS I HEARD IN AN GAME,congrats who made it,its AWESOME,also GREAT gameplay,systems and all,but it really needs an ""Endless mode"" so i can play more without needing to defeat the ""Champions"" of the game,that would make the game better,also need some fixes for ""Resume Game"" after save...Some things glitch sometimes"
76561197984774717,Recommended,535230,30957347,Posted: 5 April,all,๖ۣۜP®inzen®ollɛ,The game is really good but a saving feature is desperately needed.
,Recommended,535230,30983985,Posted: 6 April,all,ALLSHIFT,"TL;DR: This game has the potential to become a real gem - as long as it gets the polish and attention that it deserves, and sorely needs, from the devs.Tackling the enormous elephant in the room straight out of the gate: this game has no save feature. If you want to leave the game, you have to do it the old-school style and leave it on a screen were the time is stopped. According to the devs, this is an intended feature but I can't help thinking that it's a step back. F.ex. FTL also has a ""one game at'a time"" set-up, but at least the let you save the game in between sessions. They say that this game is made to be started, and finished, in one sitting but a lot of people simply do not have the time for that.I am a huge fan of games in the pixel art-style, and Domina certainly looks the part; the animations looks great and has a lot of punch to it. Clearly a lot of thought has been put into it, and more than once I have found my self laughing more than I should of something unexpected happening, like a member of the audience accidentally getting cut down and exploding all over the benches.The music is also fantastic and really gets you in the mood, though might get a bit boring after a bit since there are not many different bits available.However: there is a huge problem of depth. Or, to be more precise - the lack thereof.A LOT of info is lacking, and you need to start, and restart, the game countless times before you start to figure out some of the basics that are hidden (and smells of oversight rather than obfuscation).Things like Attack Rate are not explained, nor even hinted at, in the tool tips which I find really weird because in the Pre-Release version it is stated in under the Weapon Skill?The tutorial is a joke - it explains nothing of how the actual game works and are played, but works more like a set-up for the backstory.Balance is also a huge issue - there are some Employees that are objectivly better than all the others, so every run-through you buy the same ones over and over again, simply because it's no point to hire the other ones.The gear you can outfit your gladiators with are also horribly presented: they give you the weight and defense-numbers, but when you buy it there is logical system behind it; it's all clumped up in a long line of upgrades and degrades, making it nearly impossible to optimize your gladiators.I really wished they put some more gear in aswell - the gladiators have a lot of Hard Points for gear, but very little possibility for individuality.Lastly, the AI and how the gear works is a complete mystery - there a plenty of times your 6-800 worth of solider gets cut up to ribbons by an AI opponent that hits a thousand times a minute and your guy gets knocked around like there is no tomorrow even if the opponent has next to no good gear. Some of this can be remedied by controlling your gladiator yourself, but some times there is nothing you can do.Combine this with a LOT of weird behavior, and I think it's safe to say that the entire combat AI needs some work and balancing.So is it a good game? Yes it is. Does it need a lot of work and polish and have the distinct taste and smell of being undercooked? Yes it does. But when all, or most of this, gets sorted out it turnes from a good game to a brilliant game and I really hope it get the love it need to truly shine. Fingers crossed."
76561197999386754,Recommended,535230,30929798,Posted: 3 April,all,Gronther,"1.5 hours into a game, best soldier had beaten 4 legendary gladiators all on his own. 5 days untill the final fight for the championship of Rome, soldier got bitten by a snake and died.Top Kek, 5/7, would play again."
,Recommended,535230,30936678,Posted: 3 April,all,davidrittberg,"I haven't completely explored the game but in the first two hours I love it.This game is really fun, very cool concept. Like everyone else says, there is no save system and personally thats okay because I have no life so I can sit there for hours and not need to get up. However, it is a little discouraging when I want to go back in and play.Since you can control your gladiators or let the AI control them, this game is fun to either play actively or passively. If you prefer to manage your gladiator very carefuly and tailor each gladiator to their strengths (each gladiator has randomized stats that determines how they fight) you are able to do this. Or if you are like my and just prefer to just gear your gladiator with as much armor as you can and level every skill as much as you can, you can do this. Although the former will probably end up with you getting more success, the latter is very possible as well and can still be very fun."
,Not Recommended,535230,30947055,Posted: 4 April,all,Al Babes,Shocked by the abrubt end to this game. I for one will not be watching this one develop. 2 hours playing time is just not what I signed up for.
,Recommended,535230,30948325,Posted: 4 April,all,Shimoto,"Being honest here; I don`t care about the missing save feature at release. Yes, it is fair criticism to complain about it and such comfort features should indeed be standard even in a two hour game but I for one had the time to play through the game in one session so I can`t really help myself but to shrug it off.That said I think even from an objective point of view the mixed review score is a bit harsh.Domina is a great little management game which does accomplish a great balance between being hard and fun while having a great style and one of the BEST soundtracks I've heard in a while. The fighting part is also pretty fun and satisfyingly brutal and all in all I had lots of fun in my first playthrough even though I struggled and lost in the end.Is it a perfect game though? Probably not. It does lack some kind of tutorial and at least sometimes the balance feels a bit off.But in the end it is a pretty awesome game which I do recommend to you if you can spare two hours at once to play through it. If you cannot then you probably should wait for the implementation of a save feature."
,Recommended,535230,30960849,Posted: 5 April,all,m A R T Y,"Big nic's newest game Dominia continues to please my eyes and ears with his signature glorious soundtrack, grimey yet gorgeous pixel art and insanely satisfying gameplay.No feeling quite like training your gladiators up and watch them dominate fight after fight slicing and dicing their way to Rome (or just tossing countless slaves into the pit and watching in awe as they *somehow* eek out a victory).If you are even remotely interested in the game then pick it up, the save feature is nowhere near as big of a deal as everyone is making it out to be, yes it would be nice but its far from a deal breaker.Try it for yourself!"
,Recommended,535230,31133799,Posted: 14 April,all,chizeron,"Simple fact is it is fun and worth the money.But it has some performance issues. And the ability to pause while managing as well as a save/quit otion is missed I also found the battles a bit quick and unvieldy if I were to try and control the gladiators myself, With workshop support this game could be awesome instead of just great."
76561198115829784,Recommended,535230,31141589,Posted: 14 April,all,frank2351,It's pretty good. Don't need no save. Permadeath. Very fun small game. Hard as nails.
76561197963984010,Recommended,535230,30951486,Posted: 4 April,all,NeraMorte,"Great game, loads of fun at a good price, getting thumbs down because it doesn't have a save feature. Sad timesyou'd think sticking by a game that you enjoy playing would be helpful for its post release development but no better to downvote it , refund it and go play minecraft. Kids."
76561198298412306,Recommended,535230,30971211,Posted: 5 April,all,Savage,just needs saving
76561198006514123,Recommended,535230,30979628,Posted: 6 April,all,Rogal_Dorn,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit.  Well worth the ten bucks.  I played about 5 hours last nigh and restarted a bunch of times as I figured things out.  But honestly...I do not understand the combat mechanics.  It really sucks when you send you best man with every single piece of high end gear and he gets wrecked by a nobody with a shiv.  I think I am playing the game wrong...but I keep playing it anyway.  Save feature isn't THAT big a deal, but yeah of course that should be in there."
76561197972579443,Recommended,535230,31130314,Posted: 13 April,all,Aussie,dont expect to get more than 10 hours of gameplay out of this until you have seen everything offered - that said the game is a fun way to kill time and is worth the money.
,Recommended,535230,30990665,Posted: 6 April,all,Darth Senpai,"This is a great game in a setting that never gets used. If you crave a gladiator game then get it. The lack of a save feature is a downer, but it's easy to overlook once you get into it. The game is just so fun.Edit: Game now has a save feature. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Just buy it already."
76561197993333630,Recommended,535230,30972980,Posted: 5 April,all,Qor,I love this game. But unless you beat all the boss's you loose anyways. Even if you run out of time and WIN they kill you :(
76561198006027764,Recommended,535230,30975640,Posted: 6 April,all,Alex Von Tolmacsy,"This game is fantastic.. it is frantic and tough as heck..   it may seem daunting to do without a save feature, but once you get the game down and its mechanics solidified.. you can play an entire year in an hour or so.as a bonus.. treat yourelf to the soundtrack.. this may be the best game score of the year (night in the woods is real close)"
,Recommended,535230,30992018,Posted: 6 April,all,ARE YOU NOT INTO TRAINS!?,"Yes--the game still needs a save feature desperately (I alt-tabbed).  However, this is one of the most enjoyable indie games I've played in a while!  The style is beautiful, the soundtrack is great, and is worth more than $10 in enjoyment.  I recommend it--don't let the lack of saving keep you from enjoying this cool game (though I reiterate--it is desperately needed)!"
,Recommended,535230,34905667,Posted: 12 September,all,SamuraiBurgerDog,Played it for 6.5 hours and completed the game thrice.Just beef up one guy and when you can choose multiple gladiators for a match just add another oneand you basically can't lose.
,Recommended,535230,31189529,Posted: 16 April,all,Chips,Love these types of games <3How do u save game though? I lost my Pantius ;-;
,Recommended,535230,30942314,Posted: 4 April,all,Heretical Humanoid,"Love the game.Do want to be able to save, and before you start ranting, my pc has a tendency to crash and I kinda want to get back to where I was before something like that happens.Y'know?"
,Recommended,535230,32738852,Posted: 24 June,all,RAZUMZHIRO,"Did you like playing the Spartacus board game?Because this is the closest you can get to that fantastic board game in a single-player simulation.PRO- SICK soundtrack to enhance your brutally violent arena fights- Mature audio and gore fits the setting of any of the popular adult media set in the Roman Empire.- You can control at least 1 gladiator in the midst of combat, if you wish (watchign the slauighter worked just fine)- Random political events- Hire employees (max of 3) to empower your economy and augment gladiator training, including the automation of some steps (Doctore can auto-train, Medico can auto heal, etc.)- You can catch up to some relatively difficult circumstances with one good win in the arena- Matches vary and you can fight for championshops across Italy.- Money is the core resource, making it easy to replace consumed food/water/wine and pay up for gear upgrades for yur gladiatorsCON- (for some) Mature audio and gore fits the setting of any of the popular adult media set in the Roman Empire.- Losing a gladiator sucks, especially if you underestimated the skills/numbers of the enemy gladiator- If you ill prepare and waste opportunities, it's difficult to get up and running; this is hard to get in THAT bad of a circumstanceTL;DR   :    This game is fantastic for $5 on sale, and with enough nuance to learn from. If you think these are too easy - just turn up the switch to PUNISHING, or turn it down for EASY. Mature text and audio content might dissuade some, but the pixelization renders most of that moot. LOVE this game.EDIT: Removed a CON and clarified a PRO."
,Recommended,535230,32299482,Posted: 9 June,all,Sun,god tier  game ngl oen of best india game
76561198009786810,Recommended,535230,31093530,Posted: 12 April,all,Roz Britanicus,"Domina a work in progressfirst of all let me add there is not save function added to this game yet but its being worked on. At the moment if you shut the game down with task-manager it save your position of the day your on. (but things may change)you can control the fights yourself once the right skill is learned or let the A.I do the fighting( i let the A.I fight for me)Domina is it fun.....Let's find out..day 1 i have 3 gladiators who need instructions on how to train ,so i hire a trainer ,who will take care of the training i just sort out in what i would like trained . also i can tell him to research fighting developments such as better shield skill and sword skill.day 2 i buy food and water and wine as the legatus and magistrate is coming to my house also i need to feed the fighter and fight trainer.day 3 i buy an experienced gladiator from the legatus as my first battle is in another 3 days time.day 4 i buy new weapons and armour for my fighter.day 6 is here LET the games begin the experienced gladiator i perchaced from the enters the arena theres some funny shouts from the crowd both men run at each other blood flies all over as they run around the sand fighting the my fight takes his leg off. YYYYYEEEEAAAAHHHHH i have won money ,food , and some more poor sods for my fighting school.day 7 i attend a pit fight and send in one of the new guys i just stuck a helmet on his head the fight starts and he runs as the other fight charges him and hits my fight as he flees blood shoot up the pit wall someone from the crowd throws in a dagger my fight takes his chance a rolls to the dagger . Both fighter go for it bloods going all over and my fight wins unbelievable.By the end of the year i have alot of fighters who all got killed in a 15 on 15 battle lol.The game at the minute is only a year long were you win our lose. but a endless mode is being worked on . The dev is very responsive to the community and there is lots of updates.is it fun yes its fun very fun. its not expensive to buy and you will get hours and hours out of it."
,Recommended,535230,32552815,Posted: 18 June,all,Captin' Cuddles,- send slave to his death- beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the pro-gladiator he fights11/10 will cast slave again
,Recommended,535230,32129044,Posted: 2 June,all,SpaceBean,"Great Game! Had my best Gladiator apeal for release, stripped him of all his gear and put hin in a 1v5 fight, wanted to see him die like the pathatic excrement he is. After all he's still my slave. He won, got executed anyway later in the Ludos.12/10 would execute best Gladiator ever again."
76561197993506627,Recommended,535230,32405198,Posted: 14 June,all,alansaund,Fantastic game well done Dev.I would like to see a pause button or be able to slow time down option and to save at any time during the game.Also I would like to see maybe in Domina 2 better graphics.Buy it Support the dev
,Recommended,535230,32903276,Posted: 27 June,all,Dogusmen,this was the type of a game i was waiting for 4 years
,Not Recommended,535230,33263515,Posted: 4 July,all,Alexander Alexandrov,"While the game is a lot of fun, as of right now I can't recommend the game. This is because the game becomes way too easy. On my second playthrough of the main campaign, I had 3 gladiators reach 1000+ health with god speed, and one hit kills on any anything. I beat the game in about 2-3.5 hours with minimal effort, too. Plus, the game is just shy of having a decent amount of content. Maybe once the game is patched a bit more, I can recommend it fully, but as of right now I can't. Luckily, the game is very cheap, even when it's not on sale."
,Recommended,535230,32788855,Posted: 25 June,all,[2nd] RamRam,"The Lorem Ipsum literally just says Lorem IpsumHey, it fits the theme."
,Recommended,535230,32858659,Posted: 27 June,all,Benl20210,This is the best non vr game I have ever played
,Recommended,535230,33184612,Posted: 3 July,all,Adolf Satan,Buying Wine Simulator 2017
,Recommended,535230,33409885,Posted: 9 July,all,pol,worth
76561197973874608,Recommended,535230,33372808,Posted: 8 July,all,angelis021,"Fabulous game, buy it"
76561198065200490,Recommended,535230,31052463,Posted: 9 April,all,Bekket,great game! only wish there was a way to save
,Recommended,535230,31046771,Posted: 9 April,all,mrandypants,reaaly like the concept great game wish it had a save feature but dev said it was coming so i can wait
,Recommended,535230,31052821,Posted: 9 April,all,Chim_Cham,"The game is rad, just wish I could save."
76561197988141858,Recommended,535230,31416077,Posted: 28 April,all,HoneyBadger,"FTL with swords, blood, crude humor and sweaty men in leather.Still needs a little fleshing out, as it were, but well worth the current price.  You will be entertained."
76561198027544260,Recommended,535230,31167210,Posted: 15 April,all,Blink,"Wonderful game--I just wish you could save! I sunk about an hour into my gladiator team and had beaten 3 of the area champions, and then the game started slowing down and glitching out, so I tried to quit and restart steam. Unbeknownst to me, that straight up deletes your progress and you have start over from scratch. It sucks that my choices were ""keep playing even though it's stalling out and dragging/controlling gladiators is straight-up impossible"" and ""quit and lose everything."" Otherwise, this is a fun game that I enjoy on many different levels. I just hope the dev fixes it soon."
76561198064192992,Recommended,535230,31398459,Posted: 27 April,all,BIGSEXXXY,"Ever watch Sparticus or Gladiator? Ever wanted to run your own ludus? Ever wanted a game where the dev is constantly improving it?***THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!****Quick Review:The game is great for what it is (gladiator managment simulator) it has you on the edge of your seat cheering on your own gladiators because you have become attached to them or because you just cant afford a loss! The game has ""political"" choices you must make or you will soon be at your end! It has GLADIATORS it has LIONS it has BLOOD it has SAND! It also implements cool extra features like being able to control your gladiators in the arena, upgrading your lutus, hireing staff and BEING ABLE TO SAVE!! Note that there are a few bugs here and there but the dev has been working them out as quick as possible!What the game does not have is an endless mode... Which I would really like to see implemented as at the end of the year the game ends, win or loose! I would love to sink hours into an endless mode that gets progressively harder and see how long I can make it in the gladiator business!BUY IT?YES!!!!! In its current state in my opinion if you like gladiators this game IS WORTH the buy at full price!IMPROVEMENTS:However there is lots of room for improvement and I hope the dev keeps up the good work! NOTE: I would actually pay for DLCs to help support the dev of the game (as long as it goes in the right direction) AKA- Endless mode, more animals, more interatcions like chariots horses, and weapons! More ways to loose, more upgrades to your villa and what I think would be super cool (in endless mode) is if you got to create your own charactor and parhaps more family managment?"
76561198047938231,Recommended,535230,31259989,Posted: 20 April,all,Abioticlime,I can't explain it but the music just puts you in the mood for glorious combat in the arena.  Nothing quite like a little headbanging and brutal combat.
76561198178560854,Recommended,535230,31161660,Posted: 15 April,all,gold3nz,"Short gameplay, game breaking bugs, for me atleast (laggs for no apparent reason). But still a good game. Hope they make it stable in a future patch."
76561198244928356,Recommended,535230,31165580,Posted: 15 April,all,doodle's,Great Game
76561198079353602,Recommended,535230,31400379,Posted: 27 April,all,"A Filthy, Filthy Homestuck","I love this game, I really do. It's fun to watch your warriors grow from lowly slaves to bloodied heroes. But there is one BIG problem. If your champion, the one you focused on the most, dies, you're SCREWED. Seriously. At that point just restart because now you won't be able to win, unless you have other fighters near the same level. This happenned to me because I let the Legate borrow him for an exhibition fight, but it turned into a real fight, and my champion, Dio, was fatally wounded. In that moment I had lost the game, because all the gladiators I would fight were WAY too strong for anyone else to face. And it's not like I wasn't training everyone, I just happened to use Dio in a few of the first fights and he started getting way ahead of everyone else, to the point where he was nigh unstoppable.TLDR; Never rely too heavily on any one fighter."
,Recommended,535230,31220990,Posted: 18 April,all,Juancho,"I'm not good at it, but I can't stop playing this gem. Great game for the price!Punishing, difficult and roguelike AF. One of those games you get a good time from being destroyed"
76561198009903950,Recommended,535230,31407498,Posted: 27 April,all,OriginalName,This game has a ton of possibility but the developer definetely needs to add a pause button #PAUSEbuttonjustice
76561198179631955,Recommended,535230,31222005,Posted: 18 April,all,WarFace,"Great game! excellent idea & awsome graphics that suit the gameplay.Can't save games though, Can't get over that I can't save games. Can't play a game where I'm wasting hours & walking away from alot of effort..... please add a f%$#%^ game save feature!!! until then I've paid for a game that requires too much effort to start again everytime, WTF!"
,Recommended,535230,32897494,Posted: 27 June,all,Sweeet,PANEM ET CIRCENSESGreat Game!
,Recommended,535230,32897271,Posted: 27 June,all,BabyBabu,Rlly gud man
76561198084943087,Recommended,535230,32630094,Posted: 21 June,all,rivercityguy,Sometimes its those simple pleasures in life.. Like hacking peoples limbs off 8bit style.
76561198056165151,Recommended,535230,32945644,Posted: 28 June,all,SampuLs,Maxed out gladiator capable of killing 9 other gladiators at once... dies to a snake bite 10/10
,Recommended,535230,33109917,Posted: 1 July,all,Superdude4567,"""The note simply said♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;"
15665318754186647,Recommended,535230,33570573,Posted: 15 July,all,#CamelMaster,OMG
76561198061613711,Not Recommended,535230,33565353,Posted: 15 July,all,Padster1000,"I enjoyed playing this game to begin with, however, I quickly realised that the core mechanic of the game is based purely on luck and chance. You are lucky if you start with a gladiator that has good stats and you are lucky if that fighter then goes on to survive five or six fights because he will become unstoppable. That fighter, in my experience, then always asks to be released three times and escapes without any way to stop him. This game is very frustrating and it seems that there is no strategy that can guarantee success or even make it any more likely than failure.I must admit that the aspect of the game that provides you with some chance to use your skill to win, the ability to control your fighters, was neglected on my part. I tried it briefly and only won one out of these four fights. The controls seemed hard to use and I feel that even if I did master them, I could still have sent my gladiator in to a pit fight or match which he was doomed to lose because the other fighter had ridiculous stats and one shots him. I suppose in a way that makes it a somewhat realistic gladiator experience but ♥♥♥♥ me, it is not fun to play. If you are sado-masochistic, play this game, if you want to have a fun experience, do not bother."
76561198030702002,Recommended,535230,33565392,Posted: 15 July,all,Bubonic Craig,Fun little game.
76561198169118043,Recommended,535230,32711615,Posted: 23 June,all,BasirK,"One of the best games, i highly reccomend it to somene to just pass time."
,Not Recommended,535230,33563268,Posted: 15 July,all,Gunteraz,Gets boring rather quickly.
76561198249369196,Recommended,535230,31382629,Posted: 26 April,all,TheAbstract,10/10 Will RP as Battiatus again.
76561198018580181,Recommended,535230,31383488,Posted: 26 April,all,smudger40k,Amazing game! not enough gladiator games out there! thanks Dev!!!!
76561197981831768,Recommended,535230,31386615,Posted: 26 April,all,The Jackal,like it wish there was not a game timer on though
76561198127789799,Recommended,535230,31460521,Posted: 30 April,all,filipmazu,best game ever
76561198007132953,Recommended,535230,32261982,Posted: 7 June,all,Bishop,"Was googling some tutorial for it, I've got bdsm porn tutorial. 10/10"
76661198028581503,Recommended,535230,31501175,Posted: 1 May,all,twitch.tv/hittlebittle,"Unnecessarily hard after the tournament.Fun until the end reallySoundtrack is very good (Artist is Bignic, look him up)6/10"
,Not Recommended,535230,33758331,Posted: 23 July,all,Jawajoey,"I really wanted to like this game, but I still can't tell if any of the apparent depth is real or not. I'm okay with learning as I go, but I'm seeing a lot of features where I have no idea if or when they're going to become relevant, because they seem pointless now. For example, there's this whol political side mechanic, where you have competing favor with a Magistrate and a Legate, but they're both pretty useless, since they're just a source of slaves, which you get too many for winning fights anyways.A lot of the mechanics seem shallow or tedious. Researching basically everything happens in real time, but there's no reason to leave anyone idle, so you're punished for not clicking on everyone at the right time. Training gladiators in general is tedious, and it's really hard to percieve the impact it's having most of the time. Keeping your gladiators straight is a chore. You end up just having the 1 or 2 good ones and a bunch of filler slaves. Then there's a dumb button mash minigame to save  your fighters' lives. It's out of place.The big problem is that I'm not even sure if I'm doing anything wrong. I don't feel like I ""get"" the game, but I don't feel like I'm learning quickly. I hope there's more to the game than I've figured out so far, but so far I wasn't compelled to finish the first ""year,"" which I gather is the arbitrary ""end"" I'm supposed to care about.The art is awesome. I love it, but you can see everything you need to see in the screenshots, to know whether it's your thing or not. It can sometimes be hard to keep track of your gladiator even during 1 on 1 fights, but I'll forgive that for the clean grittiness of the combat presentation.The music is a little weird. It's a pretty intense techno-rock soundtrack, which simultaneously feels a little jarring and kinda cool and unique. I don't know.I really wanted to like this game, but the management feels shallow, tedious, and arbitrary, and the political stuff seems completely illusory. I can't recommend it, but give it a shot if you have more patience and curiosity than I did."
76561198019285610,Not Recommended,535230,33619111,Posted: 17 July,all,Zethar,"You will lose your first game no matter what, becuase the game doesnt give you any indication of something in the end game, that will cuase you to lose. So that's fun after struggling through the game which is quite often frankly complete bs and in one of my runs the game just completely broke meaning after hours of work I had to give up. It's fundementally not a bad game, but the way it screws you over in the end and how it plays it almost feels like a massive FU. It is not ultimately bad, but in my case I did not enjoy being repeatedly screwed (By game breaking bugs, insane RNG and the ending)."
,Recommended,535230,33050025,Posted: 30 June,all,ovo child,Many men sacrified.Many victories.Lion died tho.
76561198010403528,Recommended,535230,31013505,Posted: 8 April,all,Sgt. Zim,Top notch gameafter my gladitors won the championship fight my lanista was betrayed and thrown in the pit with my enemies champions.they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥her hard
76561198014937002,Recommended,535230,32748980,Posted: 24 June,all,Mixu,"Love this, it's so quick and brutal and works well whether you want to control your guys yourself or leave the AI to it.Hard to get too attached to your guys as they don't live very long!"
,Recommended,535230,32761532,Posted: 25 June,all,SledGod,"i bought this game with left over money on my account and didnt think much of it took me a bit to actually install and BOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII. this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great im a damn slave master fighting and♥♥♥♥♥♥im a dang god, this is fun. i am happy. i am a new boi. i hope none of my friends see this. ♥♥♥♥ em. lel punked. great game tho really like it."
,Recommended,535230,32785261,Posted: 25 June,all,McDonaldsnapkin,"This game's simplicity yet depth is what makes it great. Training your slaves is all automized and what you get is RNG, which is what makes the game fun. A couple things I'd like to see in the future is a speed controller so I can manage my gladiators without days going by and being wasted. The bugs are little to none (I've yet to encounter one) and everything is smooth. This game is also so easy to run (although my computer is far from a potato) that Intel graphics and a simple quad core (even dual core) processor could handle this game. I recommend this game to anyone who likes management games along with some fighting action."
76561198154401421,Recommended,535230,33022210,Posted: 29 June,all,TechDragon610,"Absolutely I recommend this! Can't beat the tense feeling when one of your fighters is turning the tide with his last breath. Do things right and you train human blenders (even against ""boss"" fights.), do things wrong and you die horribly. Enjoy!"
76561198051928331,Recommended,535230,31195735,Posted: 17 April,all,Mr sosage,Actually an awsome game!!
,Recommended,535230,31362772,Posted: 25 April,all,FrankHertz,Very addicting
76561197978093507,Recommended,535230,32742915,Posted: 24 June,all,Spazweetod,- Love this game.- Well worth ten bucks.- Don't buy it if you don't like RNG. This is FTL for gladiators!- The devs are hillarious.- Replayability is 100%.- A lot of depth hidden into the training system.The dregs:RNG heavy.Possible to create an unbeatable hero.Late game on forever play too easy.Classes are limited.Manual control is....wierd.Behemoths are useless.Lions are random.5/7 perfect.
,Recommended,535230,32743189,Posted: 24 June,all,T O N Y,They made me watch my gladiators thirst to death not letting me buy any water. im so ♥♥♥♥ing sad
76561198135465211,Recommended,535230,33027052,Posted: 30 June,all,Nine_dead_eyes,"Pretty sweet game for less than £5, although a little easy once you have the strategy figured out. There isn't much difference between the easy difficulty and normal, I would try the hard difficulty but I have already completed the game 3 times in 3 different difficulties today but definitely the best gladiator management simulation in the market so far."
,Recommended,535230,33027622,Posted: 30 June,all,sveznajko,"Very good mechanics and that whole 'Spartacus' feel to the game. Unfortunately at this state the balancing is a bit off, but still was an enjoyable experience for me."
,Recommended,535230,33023075,Posted: 29 June,all,Zynko,"This game is fantastic. It's challenging, it's fun, the music very well done, the writing is funny, the attention to detail is high. Definitely a whiz-bang of a time."
,Recommended,535230,34051856,Posted: 5 August,all,snexmix,"This game is honestly 10/10great bants from crowdrandom ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t happens ingame that doesnt actually affect anything, but gives keksi lub u develeber :)"
76561198009490294,Recommended,535230,32841566,Posted: 26 June,all,Battousai the Man-Slayer,"I can't really wrap my head around ANY bad reviews for this game, especially considering it being on sale currently. TLDR; A cost effective gladiator management simulator with humor and twists far beyond what you would expect with even a price point of $10.Every play through is slightly different, and the variety between single playthrough and endless brings even more possibilites, so long as you don't lose interest in the process. The game feels very... grindy to a certain extent, but not in a bad way necessarily. For example, every few days a fight will be requested from one of two NPCs (Legate and Magistrate), but in the mean time you are expected to train your combatants, equip them, research new skills, and provide their basic needs for survival. At times, you overspend on armor or weapons to find yourself strapped for food or water, which can lead to game over. You can ask either the Legate or the Magistrate to arrange an exhibition match, which is basically the same idea as the reoccuring matches except it can reaaaaally go bad depending on how much that NPC likes/dislikes you. Even if you lose and your champion dies, you earn just enough money to buy food and water to keep the game going, and eventually add more gladiators to your roster.Fight scenarios vary between a standard 1v1 up to 6v6, include lions (chained or free roaming), and are very sproradic in nature. Your most seasoned warrior can be slain in an instant if you're not careful, and your underdog can rise above the rest if you take a chance.In some instances, the hosts of the fight are throwing everything they have (1v6 for example) just to kill your strongest gladiator, but that just makes things more interesting when you win. It's also worth bringing up that all the gear used can absolutely break on you at the worst time, so invest in a faber (blacksmith) to repair your gear between fights. The crowd will toss in weapons and shields at times, so even then it's not the end of the world. In some cases, your warrior will surrender knowing he is beaten, and is given the chance of redemption based on how insanely quick you can click your LMB + RMB.At any rate, it's worth mentioning that even such a small production is being supported and developed with the end user (you) in mind. Updates are provided regularly, patch notes; while shorthand, are provided at every opportunity, and compatability seems to be consistent across the board. I am very excited to think of the DLC/Expansions that will follow this base game.If you've read this far, you're probably ready for some cons or what doesn't shine as bright with this diamond in the rough. Well, the main thing is progression. Once you beat the single playthrough, you're left wondering if you could have made a difference in the ending by being more compassionate to your gladiators by releasing them on time/before their requests, or if that has any bearing on the end result. Well, from what I could tell, it does not.There are variations on the ending, but the idea is that you are a slave driver more or less and you inevitably reap what you sew. Aside from that, once you've got all the gear purchased for a gladiator, and have an upgraded medicus and faber, you have a tank who will heal and repair/upgrade quickly enough to consistently fight for you at every opportunity, thus becoming a herculean monster who can do nothing else but decimate his competition and humbly ask for your mercy before the championship fight (sorry buddy, you're sticking around for this one).Again, even at the $10 mark,  this game shoots straight and provides a quality sim experience for those who love pixelated gore and experimenting with different playstyles. Every playthrough is unique. Even if you think you know the outcome of a fight based on stats, you'd be surprised how many times you're mistaken. I give this game in it's current state 9/10, and in my hopes eventually 10/10 once more content is pushed out."
,Recommended,535230,33017746,Posted: 29 June,all,+mlook,"I've been told that this game was made by one man, that includes all the artwork, music and everything. If so, it's a fine achievement.Domina is an amazingly fun game for the price. The ""Story mode"" has you as a Domina, running a Ludus of Gladiators. It operates like a simulator game. You train gladiators, hone their abilities, and buy their gear, and then see them fight in the arena. You have the ability to control them, eventually, but I found it more fun to just let them go at it. The game really reminded me of the STARZ TV show Spartacus, including all of the Roman intrigue. The action in the game is fast and furious and bloody, and I found myself cheering at my gladiators when they were victorious.My one ""complaint,"" if there is any, is that there should be an upper-cap on how strong gladiators can get. Especially in the Endless Mode, gladiators basically can death-ball after not too long. I am currently on my third year, and I have a gladiator with over 1500hp (they usually have between 100-200). His gladatorial bouts last less than a second, as he simply sprints up and beheads anyone in his path. I've even put him up against 15, all by himself, and he emerged without a single lost hit point. As hilarious as this is, it kind of takes away from the fun eventually, as there's no real challenge anymore.Otherwise, great game. Totally worth the price. Get it!"
,Recommended,535230,31705173,Posted: 12 May,all,Mr-Mal,Ton of fun! Seriously.
76561198255296088,Recommended,535230,33413500,Posted: 9 July,all,Benda,One of the best simulation games I've ever played.   Would reccomend to anyone looking to kill some time.
,Not Recommended,535230,33909558,Posted: 30 July,all,Sly Fly,"Not in a current state.First, I have to acknowledge the elephant in a room.The music is awesome. In fact, it is so awesome that I spent around five minutes in the menu just sitting and listening to it the first time I launched the game.Now, to the ugly stuff.-Balance is non-existant. Sooner or later you will end up in either of following scenarios:a) You have one single gladiator (possibly two), that can one-shot anything and easily survives 1v15 fights. Any  other gladiatior that you try to level will die horribly.b) You try to spread the training and eventually loose all fighters one by one-BugsPlenty, some are softlocks, some are minor hinderances, some are gamebreaking up the point of altering game mechanics. Some are adressed, some are ignores.-AudienceI would advice simply turning off crowd profanity, because it feels severely out of place and breaks the immersion.  Thankfully, there is an option for thattl:dr,Awesome music, but lack of any balance makes the game boring after a few fights."
76561197963751669,Recommended,535230,31016181,Posted: 8 April,all,kaffedax,"This game is totally awesome. Don't mind the negative comments about saving, the game is worth €10 for sure!"
76561198044486396,Recommended,535230,33032441,Posted: 30 June,all,Metebacsi,"Well worth the discounted price of £3.49.Best 15h fun I had in a game so far.I do recommend this game because it's unique gameplay and I do hope that it will have some dlc's or sequels.Pros:- Very hard and challenging to new players- Extremely fast combat- Excellent AI- Fun storylineCons:- No proper saving system, only remembers your last save.- Strategic management can't be paused and time goes way too fast- Loosing well trained champions can be sometimes annoying- Loosing all your gladiators can be sometimes annoying- Game gets way too simple after you get 1 champion above the skill cap of your opponents- Miss multiplayer, it would be a nice addition for the sequel.- Little bit complicated UI for assigning Jupiter's fervor cards.- Some rare bugs (crashes when starting new game after loosing another, team battle gets stuck after killing every opponent, you can kill opponents still waiting for battle in gauntlet)"
,Recommended,535230,32831429,Posted: 26 June,all,AVLR,Steps from Pokemon to Domina:1. Change pokemon into upgradable characters.2. Change trainer to near broke Roman family.3. Add violence and bribary.4. Leave the Slaves (TM to be specific).Actually just buy the game.
,Not Recommended,535230,33398736,Posted: 9 July,all,Zombie Joe,"I was interested enough in this game to purchase it, but it's just... not... fun.The novelty of the experience wears off pretty quick and there's not much of a game underneath.  Feels more like ProgressQuest than anything else.  With random awful things happening to you."
76561198124722810,Recommended,535230,34647333,Posted: 31 August,all,mcsniperslayer Lvl. 81,"I love the game, the art is beautiful, the soundtrack is amazing, and the gameplay is simple yet difficult. The only downside is that it is not available for Mac yet."
,Recommended,535230,34673467,Posted: 1 September,all,Not SGT Mangrum,"Really a great game to play. It's not very complicaed, but does have some mechanics that are a little crazy. My only wishes were that a fully upgraded champion couldn't strike a regional champ down in a few hits, like my one thraex. Another is that there should be more classes, like secutors and venitores. More beast fights too, please. And please, just please, make this game again, but in high resolution, 3D models. I would pay a million for that."
,Not Recommended,535230,34787468,Posted: 6 September,all,The Laggy Scout!,No depth.Not even the ability to satisfactorily max out your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Good concept -- wretched executionThumbs down
,Recommended,535230,34818358,Posted: 8 September,all,Bananiken,No bananas in it but still fun 9/Banana
,Recommended,535230,31687140,Posted: 11 May,all,Ellis,Fun game with some issues.
76561198016066707,Recommended,535230,31694861,Posted: 11 May,all,Ifret,"I bought this after watching a Twitch stream. The gameplay seems difficult even on easy but I have mostly been doing AI controlled battles. I enjoy the challenge, but when I want to make sure I don't lose a ""dude"" I use my logitech left mouse click spam macro toggle :) Also, a warning, I have experienced a lag issue in the later parts of the game (even with daily save off) but reloading the save seems to fix it."
76561197967478627,Recommended,535230,31697094,Posted: 12 May,all,Decoy!,"I've easly paid 4x as much for titles with less then half the entertainment value of this game. The music is catchy, gameplay is fairly simple and fun. It has some known bugs, but the dev seems to be active. I'm unsure of replay value at this time. I look forward to seeing what additional features are implimented."
76561198044710188,Recommended,535230,31698643,Posted: 12 May,all,,"Great Soundtrack, a unique setting and an art style I can't get enough of.Finally able to save the game.Would buy again :D"
76561198007405085,Recommended,535230,32756723,Posted: 24 June,all,irishmafia2020,"This is an awesome little game!!! Manage gladiators, and if you are good on a keyboard fight with them as well... This is an absolute gem that could benefit from a short manual, but is otherwise a blast to play... Every big steam sale I hope that one of the cheap games I buy turns out to be 30+ hour entertainment masterpiece, and this one is my steal this year!  If the developer ever decides to make a ""Domina 2"" - I will buy it... This style of game holds a lot of promise for even more fun and depth, and I am happy to add my thumbs up to this game's steam reviews!"
76561197960298812,Recommended,535230,33465331,Posted: 11 July,all,r7h / Rage,simply the geniusthe music alone is worth the moneybut the game is at least on the same lvl as the soundtrack!
,Recommended,535230,33492615,Posted: 12 July,all,MatthewIcicle | rlcd.gg,"Domina is a fun, bloody gladiator simulator that provides a good amount of fun for the price.Pros:-Pacing; Game is just long enough to finish a playthrough in one sitting-Great music-Humorous at times-Unique simulation style-Challenging if you want it to beCons:-A bit imbalanced-Not a ton of contentOverall impression:At the price point, I would definitely recommend this game. It has enough depth without being tedious, and it's pacing is fantastic if you just want to pick up the game for an hour or two. While some gameplay elements seem OP or useless, the uniqueness and gory fun shines through."
,Recommended,535230,33548703,Posted: 14 July,all,The Void,"About as balance as any 'Indie' game.And as you'd expect from such a game, there's a gimic.This ones gimic being you pretty much HAVE you participate, as in mind control, your gladiators.Or get one to A.I. level 100.Which is something I wish I never have to consider again.Seriously, the A.I. leveling thing is pretty much the douchiest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cake.But at least level 100 A.I. characters DESTROY EVERYTHING. One lvl 100 A.I. character vs ten of whatever level A.I. the opponent has?You win.Every.♥♥♥♥ing.God.Damn.Time.12/10 would refuse to Mind Control gladiators again.13/10 for the trite callout to the dog eat dog days of Rome.14/10 for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the Magistrate off.15/10 for being murdered by the magistrate for trying to stop the assassination of the magistrate moments late.16/10 for providing 3.6 hours of mild entertainment before the difficulty curve went 90 degrees.17/10 for ""Leather♥♥♥♥♥♥Sheath""Not worth the $10.But what else are you gonna spend it on?"
76561198028378008,Recommended,535230,33612372,Posted: 17 July,all,Homini,+1
76561197985446663,Recommended,535230,33623183,Posted: 17 July,all,Barney,"A great way to kill a few hours, and a few gladiators.Pros:- Animations are visuals are great- Funny- Lots of Obcene language and insults- Has enough depth to keep you occupied for 5 hoursCons:- Music gets a bit repetitive after a couple of hours- It does not have a huge amount of replayability, you will likely start to get bored after 8 hours or so.Its a great way to spend an afternoon or two for only $10"
,Recommended,535230,34296372,Posted: 16 August,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,"Well, isn't this Grand.Looking very much forward to the expansion of this excellent video game.6/6"
,Recommended,535230,34335873,Posted: 18 August,all,cykr,"I wish there was more content, this game is sick.  I love the style, the grittiness of it.  I also wish the later game fights lasted longer, the damage amount ramps up so much it's pretty much an instant kill with my champion against like 5 enemies.  I think that's just a matter of making the enemies harder later on."
,Recommended,535230,33583294,Posted: 16 July,all,§_hi_§,finally a endless mode <3
76561197991846378,Recommended,535230,34321077,Posted: 17 August,all,Sgt. Slaughter,i like this game but there isnt much to it i doht see my self getting into the triple digets on time played but its still a solid buy
,Recommended,535230,31567767,Posted: 5 May,all,High Priest of Bad Rats,Solid indie game. Love the theme.
,Recommended,535230,33313328,Posted: 6 July,all,"Serenetic - Main Acc, Quit.",This game gave me the biggest karma ♥♥♥♥ ever.I made 30 beasts over 2k health undefeatable.Then after winning the championship; I have no one to help me because I freed no one.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------10/10 game.Lesson Learned.Officially my favourite game.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Best experience i've gotten out of almost a million games i've played in my lifetime.
76561198043338576,Recommended,535230,33462911,Posted: 11 July,all,InevitableDemise,Great game to kill some time and updates come often.
,Recommended,535230,33468170,Posted: 11 July,all,Just the Nib,Great game
76561198066457928,Recommended,535230,33469386,Posted: 11 July,all,Eldmm,"Great fun.On the surface it feels like a rogue-like but there's alot of strategy built into the game and the fast pace keeps you engaged.I love a game where you build a connection with your characters and Domina is great at making you think hard about sending your champion gladiator into a fight where the rewards are balanced against potentially game ending risks.I haven't enjoyed an Indie title this much since FTL because when I die, i want to go straight into the next game. :)"
,Recommended,535230,33471531,Posted: 11 July,all,Nikachu92,Fun game.  Though I somehow died of thirst during a flood.
,Recommended,535230,33478051,Posted: 12 July,all,TiltMachine,"Found this hidden gem while watching quill18 i was desperite to try it myself.Started it up checked difficulty level. For some reason it was on easy, cranked it up to normal.Get slain and wiped 5 times in a row. Ragequit it.After the first trials and trying to understand the mechanics more i fell somewhat in love that i lost over and over. Repeated the process and lost again.Just played through the easy difficulty and my god its still pretty damn hard.If you consider picking up this game its a timewaster of around 3-5 hours depending on difficult settings.THANKYOU!"
,Recommended,535230,33492279,Posted: 12 July,all,WBrocket,Solid All-around product.
,Recommended,535230,33497143,Posted: 13 July,all,Daimos_,"Sim Gladiator, basically. It's gory. It's frustrating at times. It's rewarding.You manage a little gladiator school. The tasks involve buying and selling slaves, training them and upgrading the school to make them more effective. I like the way you build up attachment to your champions. Personally, I was really sad when my first champion died.The humor and the art style fit the theme well, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,535230,33529658,Posted: 13 July,all,N 2 Oblivion,"Got this during the Steam sale and I've thoroughly enjoy it. The graphics are ok, but they're good enough to get the point across. You can easily play the game for a few minutes at a time or binge on it for hours.Plus it has pretty good replay value.Quick OverviewYou get to run a gladiator ring with up to 15 gladiators. Your goal, simply put, is to win. Train and equipments your gladiators and send them into battle to fight for you. You have the option to let the computer do the fighting for you, or if you're a more hands-on type of person you can take control of them."
,Recommended,535230,33633793,Posted: 18 July,all,Cartof,"Pretty cool game, not so easy and not so simple. The pixel art graphics are awesome and the feel of the game is quite engaging !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuUignU0GfM"
76561198008631906,Recommended,535230,33646812,Posted: 19 July,all,Mr. Bojangles,"Love to see this art style still provide a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of fun as you watch or control your Gladiator's through a bloody onslaught of slaves, fighters and giants.Mind the lions though.The music kicks♥♥♥♥♥but, I can always use more than - three'ish songs?TLDR; Definitely worth the fun and replay value with a great soundtrack."
76561198082060611,Recommended,535230,33656263,Posted: 19 July,all,SocrLd87,"Awesome game, super entertaining, I can't stop playing."
,Recommended,535230,34282989,Posted: 16 August,all,North Korean Bake Off,"Gladiator management. It's a pretty compelling game, especially once you get a good few gladiators to a high level - only to see some champion or other smash their head in with a hammer. You really feel for your warriors, especially when you refuse their fifth call for freedom because they win you so much coin. Poor fella, you'll die in the arena like a good gladiator or you'll die on the executioner's block if you give me any more lip. it can be especially fun to purchase a bunch of cheap slaves, give them wooden swords and send them into battle into an exhibition match just to see them get slaughtered. Great fun, and you're able to control the gladiators in the arena yourself which is a challenge but very rewarding."
76561197976327138,Recommended,535230,34317653,Posted: 17 August,all,becephalus,"The lack of controller support is odd, so I just avoided researching the manual control technology at all.  Game was perfectly enjoyable and playable as such.  Great musci, good sense of humor, relatively solid art for what it is, and a great gameplay design.SOme elements are a little too RNG based.  There is a huge differenc ein how difficult the game is based on what kind of encoutners you get.  Get a bunch of 8v8s early on and you are in trouble from too many deaths.All and all very enjoyable and a strong recommend if it looks interesting to you."
76561198279746536,Recommended,535230,34859806,Posted: 10 September,all,Fallout,"I saw great potential in Attus' fierce eyes from the very beginning.With only a wooden sword, he hacked his opponents to pieces. Lacking any formal training, he was an unchained beast... until he met me, an equally terryfing Lanista and Domina. I ran him down like a dog in trainings and got the best out of that savage body. I gave him the best furnished pieces of armor and steel the citizens of Rome had ever seen.Though we had an architect build baths, Attus actually prefered the bloodbaths in arena.10/10 would sent Attus 1v15 again."
76561198046389055,Recommended,535230,34862383,Posted: 10 September,all,Genolution,"If you ever wanted to manage a stable of gladiators this is the game for you. It's a 3 hour game. I played it through twice and will certainly do so again and again. If you're intrested in acient romans or like pixel art, sim/management games you will like this.. Unless you're a broke, jobless good for nothing sack of .......it will probably be worth the $10."
76561197983517348,Recommended,535230,33463103,Posted: 11 July,all,SiderApple,Absolute blast to play. Hightly recomend.
76561198353333861,Recommended,535230,33491109,Posted: 12 July,all,Shining78,"Is good, i made stabby stabby. Seriously though, its pretty alright, a bit more to be wanted with the net class, but, thats a small gripe."
76561198076007679,Recommended,535230,33661786,Posted: 19 July,all,ColourThesis,I really enjoyed playing this game but the replayability is poor. I really tried to keep playing after experiencing the story mode and then the endless mode about twice but there wasn't enough variety in trainers/experts whatever to keep me interested. It always boiled down to the same experts and the same perks and then just cranking out war machines. I recommend it since it's only 10$ although I got it on sale for 5$ but keep in mind you will get bored after 5-10 hours.
,Recommended,535230,34320535,Posted: 17 August,all,Studman5674,Simply amazing.
76561198030402457,Recommended,535230,33501769,Posted: 13 July,all,Rothruinor,Neeed moooore wiiiine!! And flying limbs.........
,Recommended,535230,33547635,Posted: 14 July,all,Slaaght,"I bought a man a leather jockstrap and a wooden sword, and sent him into an arena to fight other men.Then I came home and played Domina on my PC and really enjoyed it."
76561198354350966,Recommended,535230,33670964,Posted: 20 July,all,gnartheone,REALLY FUN GAME LOVE PIXLE ART GOOD PRICE TO
76561198089676159,Recommended,535230,34336230,Posted: 18 August,all,Rusty Spoons,The micro-management and art style of the game hooks you right away. Its simplistic and enjoyable and throws a great theme (owning a gladiator filled ludus) over it. Three gladiator style are available with a huge amount of customization for each type of gladiator style. This game has such a simple concept but packs so much for you to do in it. Its priced at ten dollars and you get so much bang for your buck when it comes to this game.  The developer  knows what they're doing and hopefully can bring more to this wonderful experience.
76561197968326813,Recommended,535230,33468503,Posted: 11 July,all,UncleXam,This game is fantastic with much potential and I highly reccomend it.Take control of your gladiators for extra fun.Puched a god in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ 9/10
76561198089145818,Recommended,535230,33470160,Posted: 11 July,all,Livingdiamond1,This game is amazing their is nothing else to say.
76561198065860425,Recommended,535230,33480192,Posted: 12 July,all,Wolf Farmer,"quite fun, reminds me of ftl"
,Recommended,535230,33605436,Posted: 17 July,all,[NPGC]SnoopCZ,"I've played just once and it was sort of...meh. My guys were dying untill I found a guy that didn't who carried me to victory, literally single handidly winning all the boss fights.The game was fun for a few hours as a sale buy but I have no iniciative to play more. It's just kind of...ok, cool game...I guess. But in a sale why not."
,Recommended,535230,33660521,Posted: 19 July,all,leitrimshane,"This was meant to be a palate cleanser for me between AAA titles.Was planning to put 2 hours into it, and then jump back into the backlog of time consuming games.I pumped 16 hours into this chasing each achievement, adoring the unique soundtrack, adapting to the games deep and rewarding mechanics and laughing at the slightly dark and violent humour you come across throughout.Each play through feels fresh and terrifying as you risk your best galiditors for spoils, they may die on the field, they might run away, a slave could stab them right before that tide turning fight you needed to win - but when they survive and reach that death machine status and oblitorate anything thrown at them, you feel the endorphines release in your brain knowing it's your calculated desicions that got you to this point.10/10, could not fault and could not recommend more."
,Recommended,535230,33672183,Posted: 20 July,all,Red,10/10
76561198031201473,Recommended,535230,34364809,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,"This game is full of all of the things wrong with the world today. It contains the following attrocities, Unwilling combatants, slavery, prostitution, glorifying violence, encourages thievery,  cut-throat poiltics, and a kick♥♥♥♥♥sound track. Couldn't stop playing for days."
,Recommended,535230,34855355,Posted: 10 September,all,cultavix,Great little game. Would be even better if it worked on Mac as it's the perfect game to take with you on the plane...
76561198165488821,Recommended,535230,34923314,Posted: 13 September,all,4fterLife,"Um jogo legal, quem assitiu a serie Spartacus vai amar o game, mas ainda faltam muitas melhorias, e o balanceamento é um deles pois se vc tem um gladiador OP vc nunca vai perder. Multiplayer tbm seria algo interessante hehe"
76561198032635738,Recommended,535230,33539752,Posted: 14 July,all,LuigiTheKuk,Brilliant
,Recommended,535230,33539790,Posted: 14 July,all,Mattrock607,"This is basically a ""Gladiator Tycoon"" game. You run a ludus (gladiator villa), building up a fleet of sweaty pixelated meat puppets that you can toss into battles, which are bloody spectacles of gore and awesomeness. You can control one gladiator yourself (with a skill unlocked), but as a Tycoon fan, I tend to let the computer do that and focus on the management aspects.The game is more depthful than it seems... while it lasts, that is. Training your gladiators, improving your ludus, training and managing your staff, managing resources (coin, food, water, and wine), and engaging in occasional multiple-choice scenarios will keep you busy, but not obnoxiously so. Along the way, you can fight in regularly-scheduled battles, toss your whinier gladiators into ""the pit"" (as seen on the TV show ""Spartacus""), engage in special regional tournaments, and then play in a big end-of-the-year tournament in Rome.As fun as this game is, it does have a few faults, which I really hope the devs will fix. The first of course is it's insanely short gameplay in regular mode: the story mode can be beaten in something like two or three hours and it's very unsatisfying. The game has an endless mode, which allows you to redo the tournament yearly, but I feel like that mode is ""hollow"" sort of and needs a bit more tycoon meat on the bone.I'd like to see my best fighters earn popularity. If I have a guy with maxed-out skills and 900 HP with 30 victories under his belt (release slaves? Never!), he should be super famous with the audience chanting his name and stuff (even if it's just in text form), and special encounters/ events should occur involving that fame, and managing ego.After you've played through the tournament twice in endless mode, you'll be swimming in dough, and I'd like to have some loftier end-game things to spend my coin on. Buying a farm so I no longer need to worry about the grindy experience of buying it constantly, setting up my own tournaments and inviting other Ludus' to fight, etc.A MASSIVE gear expansion is needed, too, with occasional gear rewards for fights, including special gear! Green, blue, grape, and gold/ legendary gear might be rewarded after fights, or could be bought from special vendors who occasional visit your ludus. This gear improves your stats and gives a little variety to the equipping of your gladiators.Last but not least, multiplayer! I'm sure I can't be the only person who would love fighting online, with each player being their own gladiator and improving their gear and such. That may be the loftiest thing on this list but I would love to be able to battle others online and progress my gladiator through fighting in manual-control-only bouts.Suggestions aside, this is a really fun game, and I highly recommend it if you're into tycoon games, especially if you dig the Roman vibe, pixel art, and jokes about kicking dudes in their scrotius ouchicus. I can see myself dumping some serious hours into this down the line."
,Recommended,535230,34941933,Posted: 13 September,all,Firefoxinator101,I cant stop playing.
76561198007555125,Recommended,535230,33088901,Posted: 1 July,all,John Meadow,This is so nice.
,Recommended,535230,33089984,Posted: 1 July,all,P1Yo2,Awesome brutal kill effect!! Please add new features!!
76561198122308160,Recommended,535230,33156180,Posted: 2 July,all,Ayres the Sneaky Giraffe,A Brutal look at the Roman gladiator scene. A simple yet very enjoyable experience. Buy when on special.
76561198055400228,Recommended,535230,31238498,Posted: 19 April,all,TOLONG,"Nice game ,"
76561197960438659,Recommended,535230,30964075,Posted: 5 April,all,HighT3chR3dn3ck,"Although the game lacks certain features for which the single dev. is intent on adding; this is a great game at a great price point.I love the hardcore nature of the game as it currently is; and with the addition of a save feature (hopefully auto-save only to maintain its hardcore nature) it will be well on its way to one of the better games I've played in 2017.If you're not a hardcore player, or don't have the stomach for it then this game is not for you."
76561198043166156,Recommended,535230,30929474,Posted: 3 April,all,Sr Beren,"The game is good. A little bit unpolished, but fun!I really like the aestetics, the music and the gameplay.However, a save feature is a must, even if it is only save and quit.Losing 1h30 of progress because you just had other things to do suchs.I'm not leaving a bad review just because of this though. The game is still fun, even if it desperatey needs some QoL improvements."
76561197991266870,Recommended,535230,30932856,Posted: 3 April,all,Solastar,Lots of fun and a good challenge. I would like to see a longer less frantic option for the campaign but its still a great time. The music Is amazing.
76561198008339293,Recommended,535230,30941273,Posted: 4 April,all,Punkalflufen,Fun little game. Not affraid to destroy you and make you start again but easy enough that you can have fun with it.
76561198050915801,Recommended,535230,32416053,Posted: 14 June,all,TheBlade1,"It's great that a developer cares, supports and upgrades the game.Oh I almost missed the point ... the game is great as well!"
76561198187925597,Recommended,535230,30929722,Posted: 3 April,all,CoffeeAddictFox,"""You stubbed your toe and dropped a delicious sandwich on the floor.""10/10"
,Recommended,535230,30932612,Posted: 3 April,all,Agentti Omena,"What is DominaDomina is a light management game in which you try to be the best gladiator school around. You try to restore glory to your house in 350 or so days, by winning 3 regional championships and the finaly tournament. You try to achieve this by buying and training slaves in the art of combat, kissing Legate's and Magistrate's♥♥♥♥♥ Hiring employees to improve your gladiators, and by sending the gladiators in their not so glorious death in the pit, and Glorious death in the arena.  Grab popcorn and watch AI gladiators to duke it out, or play as your champion it's up to you. It is basically Spartacus the videogame. Well Batiatus the videogame.The biggest problem and boon with the game, it is completely carried by it's theme. Atleast for me. I cheer for my champions, I curse those who don't meet my expectations, and when the champions do die I cry out loud: ""Once again the gods spread the cheecks to ram co*** in ***** ***"". The blood is on the sand and crowd wants more of it! Sadly that is also the best part of the game in my honest opinion. I also have to commend the soundtrack. It is freaking excellent and it sets the mood perfectly.What is wrong with it?Saving or lack thereof. Game doesn't have a save feature which is crazy in this day and age. It doesn't matter how long your game is you have to have save feature in your game. I have hard time trying to find time to finish this game since I only have short bursts of time availeable for me in regards to gaming. I would love to play more Domina to the end content, but the two hourst required to play this game from start to finish is kind of a hard ask.Fiddly UI and hidden information. UI is designed tablet devices in mind I am sure of it. One of the main ways to give your gladiators boons are these ""Jupiter's cards"" and by Jupiter I do hate this system. It is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to fiddle with these cards. Why do I have drag these cards around instead of clicking the gladiator I want them applied to? Why do I have to use ""recover cards"" car to recover already applied cards. Why can't I see what the cards do when they are on a gladiator? Why aren't the cards represented in a clean grid in the bottom of the screen? Why can't I see immieditely which gladiators already have cards? Why do I have to click specific spots on gladiators to upgrade equipment. Why can't I mass upgrade my gladiators' equipment?  Why can't I have a spreadsheet to see easily what classes my gladiators are, and what are their attributes and skills. You have to look at them one by one and it gets really annoying really fast. Why do I have to manually make everyone heal instead of having ""automatically heal if you have the money to do it"" - button like when I am training the gladiators?I am also afraid this game is soon ""figured out"" there are only so many optimal ways to go through the Doctore's tech tree.  I would have liked to see persistent AI luduses so I would have epic enemy champions that I should be afraid or rival, anything to make the world feel more alive. I have to admit that the Magistrate and Legate seem to have very little impact on the game other than ""Is your gladiator chained"" in the arena or not. Legate is more usefull because you can buy better gladiators from him, but that is about it.ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!?I find the UI struggle to use, accessing information difficult, and lack of saving as damning. But this is only 10€/10$ game. I get more enjoyment out of this than from two pints of beer. I am entertained, but for how long I am not sure."
76561198024760631,Recommended,535230,30963886,Posted: 5 April,all,jager_jager,The best game in the world.
76561198042296042,Recommended,535230,30968088,Posted: 5 April,all,Diminius,"great game music is amazing and def worth the price, you can finish the game in about 2 hours.theres sadly no save feature wich i hope wil be implemented later on but its stil a great game"
,Recommended,535230,32775862,Posted: 25 June,all,Chaonix,A fantastic little gem!!!
,Recommended,535230,30928323,Posted: 3 April,all,Sergeant Angel,"Loving what the devs have for day 1, as mentioned allot no save feature  buuut its a great game and very fun, the lack of save has put me off playing untill it has one but for the modest price i think i shall keep it in the hopes it will get one."
,Recommended,535230,30929690,Posted: 3 April,all,Shuffle.,"Yes this is awesome.Yes, no save makes it unplayable for me.I game now on average 3 hours a week (spread out). That makes this unplayable. I guess I'll save it until a holiday....I can KIND OF understand the reasoning... but why not just have a 'pre-fight' autosave?Implement a save option at least. Most games just put in a 'hardcore' mode.Incredible game though apart from this. Really fun, interesting and rewarding. I have literally been screaming at my PC for my gladiator tyhat i've had since day 1 not to die. He had one HP left, the enemy had but a slither....So i threw my weapon and.... missed.RIP Bonobo. I was a foolish Lanister."
76561198132476688,Recommended,535230,30929706,Posted: 3 April,all,Alf,"I've played this game for about 4 hours today after buying it, and I've had loads of fun with it. I think given the complexity, great soundtrack and interesting mechanics it's an absolute steal at the current price point.Now for the elephant in the room: The no save option. I can completely see why this would put people off. That said, it definitely isn't a dealbreaker for me.Sure if you want to complete the story you'll probably need about 90 minutes to play through the game (rough estimate). However, this is a roguelike and starting over is part of it - so expect to do that a lot anyway. Also, the game doesn't fundamentally change as things progress, so what you see at the start isn't all that different to the endgame.It's all fun, all the time.This is kind of what old Nintendo games used to be like. Basically you switch on the game, see how far you can make it, and start over next time."
76561198003393244,Recommended,535230,30924852,Posted: 3 April,all,Chef0Death88,"Love its little pixel bitz to death!No save feature as of yet. I imagine there will be, but as of present I must not be that good at it, so i cant beat the game in less than 2 hours or whatever.Reminds me of pokemon, training up and investing time and resources in my gladiator stable, levelling and training them. I cant help but pick the occasional favourite here and there. Great game for a quck 20-40 min break in gaming sessions.Difficult as hell but definitely skill based. More time you spend with it the more you live its intricate simplicity."
76561197993743360,Recommended,535230,30928272,Posted: 3 April,all,Pandor,Great game but a save feature would make it even better. :)
76561198255786517,Recommended,535230,30922670,Posted: 3 April,all,SpookySpirits,Save feature not required. This game is meant to be played in one sitting. It's a rogue-like... different every time. My only complaint is the unnecessarily vulgar language. It feels out of place in a game like this.
76561198006773050,Recommended,535230,33088164,Posted: 1 July,all,TargetStalker,"Quick to play. Quick to lose. Can be brutal when you lose your best fighter. The Music is EPIC! Would have payed full price, but happy that I got it on sale. Great addition to my library of games."
,Recommended,535230,33092263,Posted: 1 July,all,jim6,"amazingly fun game and very addictive, best game i bought over the steamsale weekend and the cheapest one aswell. very much recommended."
,Recommended,535230,33093421,Posted: 1 July,all,b0bl00i,"Awesome game, awesome music!"
,Recommended,535230,33158597,Posted: 2 July,all,Mechfried,"never was watching AI fight so exhilarating, while you can control your gladiators it is far more fun just to watch.I fully recomment DOMINA!"
,Recommended,535230,33210431,Posted: 3 July,all,Lord Reloco,"great game, great fights, great ending"
,Recommended,535230,33213395,Posted: 3 July,all,The Pub Grub Pig,"The first fight was hard, dominas got absolutely gutter stomped.. To be more exact he got eaten by a lion. I thought oh well, at least i have another gladiator, his name was Maximus, he entered the arena with flamming fists of fury. There was no hope, poor maximus' first fight was going disgracefuly, but there was an omen from the god-, the crowd, they had thrown Maximus a sword. Little did i know that Maximus was trained in the art of the sword and fiercly took his opponents arm off, we had one the battle. Later that night, Maximus commited suicide, absolutely no clue why but he did nevertheless. With the remaining funds i found a man named Fabius, he was your average 160 Kg man. Fresh of the slave market Fabius was a machine, i threw him a trident and a net and he was killer. Me and Fabius made lots of money together, until he also tried killing himself, however luckily for our Ludus he didn't quite kill himself. The day later was the grand championship, Fabius still letting blood went into the arena, rather than getting gutterstomped he was doing the gutterstomping.  He picked up his holy trident of posideon and smashed it right into the head of the opposing team, killing all of them. Fabius was my brain child, we had trained him so well, we were now extremely rich, we had even built a wine cellar! The next day i had received word that Fabius' slave wife had fallen pregnant and i decided to give her freedom. With my new found riches i hired 2 other extremely well trained gladiators, pormithius and toiletus. No one could beat us, my Ludus had become a stronghold of rome a symbol of hope. That very night, fabius scaled the walls of the Ludus and fled, never to be seen again. Never fear, i still had two trained fighters. The next day my gladiators had found a lion and i had asked them to tame it, sadly Toiletus was killed doing so. Our proud Ludus had become a one man army.R.I.P Pormithius who had jumped the compound and left forever never heard of again.Would i recommend this game? Absolutely, best solid 2 hours and more in endless mode. Tip, wine is a staple fluid.Trust me, you will end up cheering for your men and wishing that arenas never dissapeared."
76561198031048788,Recommended,535230,33217301,Posted: 3 July,all,UpsetCoyote,One of the best management games I've ever played. You really get into it.
76561198025918222,Recommended,535230,33090150,Posted: 1 July,all,NeoXist,"Awesome game! Definitely recommend for those that really like gladiators. Though, more content would be nice."
76561198025061397,Recommended,535230,33090339,Posted: 1 July,all,Pomb,"What Fanatastic game. Had a lot of fun training up my gladiators, and felt so bad when they died in battle.Rufinius I will remeber you, you were a great fighter.Took me a while to figure out that you could actually control a guy in battle, but soon found that meditating producted a better fighter than I could play.If you enjoy management style games you should get this game."
,Recommended,535230,33145553,Posted: 2 July,all,Salierus | ミゲル,Like Gladiator games?Like simulation games?Like to manage stuff?Then this game is for you. Buy it :)
,Recommended,535230,33160657,Posted: 2 July,all,FrychickenJohn,I like
76561198025226504,Recommended,535230,33160971,Posted: 2 July,all,Operation Penetrating Libya,Pokemon trainer Gladiator Edition is awesome
,Recommended,535230,33184073,Posted: 3 July,all,Slade Wilson,Excellent game to play with twitch chat. So much fun pitting friends and random strangers in fights. Good stuff.
,Recommended,535230,33192969,Posted: 3 July,all,Daddy Slimcock | Pvpro.com,Want to manage a group of badass gladiators in rome?Get this gameWant to play as said gladiators in rome?Get this gameWant to create an absolute demi-god of a gladiator that will kill 100+ with a single hit?Get this game.Just do it dont think about it.
,Recommended,535230,33201495,Posted: 3 July,all,Hörru Pajas,"At 9,99, its completely worth it."
,Recommended,535230,33210276,Posted: 3 July,all,Cosmocorpse,Slaughtering enemies with my overpowered gladiators
76561198024567944,Recommended,535230,33212548,Posted: 3 July,all,Wormburner,love it!! great single player game
,Recommended,535230,33225469,Posted: 4 July,all,ontelo,This is simply amazing.
76561198004608407,Recommended,535230,33010727,Posted: 29 June,all,TwoStepsFromHell,Spent 6 hours during the last two days. Well spent 4.99 €. I'm not bored yet.
76561198024862379,Recommended,535230,35438760,Posted: 3 October,all,PlaVer,Hey guys Am I the only one who have the character of which health point over 1000?this is madness fighters running like a demigod himself.Just one Kill enemy's head gone.
,Not Recommended,535230,30973210,Posted: 5 April,all,Geofferic,"No save function. Nuff said, really, but I'm going to say more.Combat is a bit *too* fast such that there is no real opportunity for strategy. So you're mostly letting the AI do the fighting, but you can't give the AI any instructions like basic tactics you want it to use.After your year is up, your game is over. Kaput, done, finito. Nothing happens. You can't play another year, you don't get a + mode, nothing new is unlocked, that's just *it*.It needs balancing. Badly.But there is SO MUCH here. There is a lot of potential for this to be a helluva game. As it is, it's a $5 throw-away title for $10. If the dev put in a bit more work, this could be a $30 game, easily."
76561198351187210,Not Recommended,535230,30953723,Posted: 4 April,all,s.a.s.gas,add saving plz
76561198047994013,Not Recommended,535230,31160638,Posted: 15 April,all,Faydwarf,"i cant strongly reccomend this gameive played 6 hours which isnt much but all of the small things that have built up have ruined the fun.First, nothing is really explained and tool tips are super vuage, staff wise i dont know why you'd bother with anyone but MAYBE the prayer guy, builder, smith, and medic.Second - you cant save... edit : saving has been added, no longer a complaint.Third, the AI control is highly unbalanced, your gladiators will swing slow as hell and if you where unlucky or didnt train defence alone never block, and you cant dodge roll untill about 4 upgrades in thats maybe a total of 30 days? i'll have to pay attention next time i look at it. all in all your going to lose a lot of gladiators to pin♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from puga or splinters from wood swordsi dont mind difficulty but im pretty sure i have the setting as low as possible and it still thrashes me with almost no hope to ever getting to the end. hell the ONLY good game i had i couldnt beat the third championship and it was like ""oh, how did that happen?"" because my 4v1 was ♥♥♥♥ed by the AI running my guys into the behemoths huge♥♥♥♥♥club swings while they never tryed to dodge roll or suround and attack him from all sides. because the best strategy is to stand in a uniform line and wait for death -  more blood for the blood god, more skulls for the skull throne"
,Recommended,535230,30927001,Posted: 3 April,all,smoke63b,"Dont listen to all the entitled goobers writing reviews in here to talk about how bad not saving is. This game is a rogue-lite and the lack of a save isn't that big of a deal with the way the game plays out.I've played through the entire game in one run in 2 hours. With many, many restarts to get my efficiency down, my total playtime so far is 3 hours. You are NOT stuck without a save for 4+ hours like people are saying. Most of these folks started playing, started doing poorly because of not learning enough about the game yet, and then wished they could save scum.The game is a lot of fun and it's meant to be played multiple times one sitting at a time. You learn a lot every time you restart. Some things are also persistent through restarts just like a typical rogue-lite.Give the game a try for yourself and don't be afraid to restart a LOT until you get a good start and learn the tech tree and upgrade paths that make you successful and efficient. You'll beat the game in about 2 hours per run once you do."
,Not Recommended,535230,30933415,Posted: 3 April,all,Neogenex,"Without a way to save the game, I do NOT recommend this. Once the Dev adds a way to save, then this will become a great game. Right now its good... but without a way to save, unless you have 2-3 hrs to sit straight to complete the game... its not worth it.EDIT: Waited almost 3 days for a save feature. Its obvious to me that the dev doesnt care or is too damn lazy to add a feature that its players have been begging for. Uninstalling, getting a refund, and WONT be back to buy it. You failed Dev. You failed in a most spectacular way: ignoring your players.EDIT 2: Still do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,535230,30966847,Posted: 5 April,all,WyattNelsonGames,i dont like this game for one reason. no save system
,Not Recommended,535230,30935688,Posted: 3 April,all,TAW | Agnisekhar,It is awesome but no save and i hate the time limit
,Recommended,535230,30994826,Posted: 7 April,all,zerohurt,"Awesome Game .. just a place holder review because of the ""Save \\|h0re"" reviews downvoting, dont let the \\|h0res put you off trying a fantastic gladiator game ..you might get an STD off them anyways..Domina is one of a kind really!"
76561198007534331,Not Recommended,535230,32770164,Posted: 25 June,all,kingdavis45,(UPDATED REVIEW)I finally got a gladiator going in endless mode.  The problem is that now it's super boring.  He's like a super warrior that can cut down 5 gladiators in less than 3 seconds and which looks like one hit.  I always put him 1 vs 5.  I don't remember his level but his HP is over 2000.  It was cool at first but.......ummm yeah I'm looking for my next fix.  Game is worth $4.98 and not a penny more.  I suggest watching some one play it on twitch for an hour.  Trust me because after the first initial hype the game turns to a app game.  Also you probably won't even get to control your fighters because you'll lose 90% of the time until you get a guy super maxed out.(FIRST REVIEW)Game started out really fun until you see how unbalance it is.   Every play through is different so far but the problem I had was the mini story.  I died after from making a random choice from a list of possible 4 answers.   This was after I put in so much time into my top 3 gladiators.  They were the best but just like that it said my game was over..................................................................................................................................... I stared at the screen in disbelief..........................................................I looked for a load button............................................................................................................................................. oooooooooooookay......  :starts a new game:   Ditched the first mode and tried the never ending mode...  Still not even sure if you can die from making a decision or not.   Anyhow I built this gladiator up to level 68 strength giving him over 400 HP.   Had great armor and the best sword..  HE F'N DIED from 4 hits!!!  From a lesser Gladiator!!!!    WTF!!!!!?????    (sighs)  calms down.3rd try................. My first guys are preping for their first battles......short story all of them lost their first fight to lesser gladiators with lower stats everywhere.  The last one I controlled.  Welp you can't see a two frame attack coming to even freakin block it.  Game had promise but it's more like a google play game and should be free with ads.
76561198028514320,Recommended,535230,31042412,Posted: 9 April,all,El Packa,I need a life.
,Not Recommended,535230,30989975,Posted: 6 April,all,Stain,i would wait and see if this gets better dont buy how it is as of apr 06
76561197977058286,Not Recommended,535230,30971822,Posted: 5 April,all,Cow,"The only reason I still own this game, rather than having a refund, is that because it has no save I left it running for 10 hours overnight. The game is surprisingly hectically paced, and the combat felt arbitrary. I never felt like I had time to learn the game while it pushed me along at a breakneck speed. I just didn't find a lot of fun here."
,Recommended,535230,32660897,Posted: 22 June,all,LordKosc,"Fantastic Sparticus Gods of the Areana managment simulator. Buy it, buy it for your friends, hell even gift it to strangers. It is that damn good."
,Not Recommended,535230,32791981,Posted: 25 June,all,T O F U  D R I F T,The game just isn't fun.  Grind machine with no reward for grinding other than losing.
76561198025470451,Not Recommended,535230,32746539,Posted: 24 June,all,Boopdasnoot,this game is broken. on the easiest difficulty my best guy lvl 30 with the best armor will always lose to a naked slave with a kitchen knife. absolutly unplayable
76561198024915332,Recommended,535230,33502161,Posted: 13 July,all,Urubs,this  game still needs few new features but its getting those new things shortly but surley a great game i must say myself
,Recommended,535230,31006541,Posted: 7 April,all,Psychedelic Menace,"sick game, love the lil comments the ai makes"
,Recommended,535230,30983947,Posted: 6 April,all,Refura,"Do you like games like FTL, Darkest Dungeon, Rouge Legacy, or other rouge like games? When then you will like this one! Yes it does not YET have a save button, but the Dev said he WOULD add it once he irons out bugs and gets the bot working right. Only complaint I really have is some times I feel rushed to do every thing before the next fight as the days go pretty quick but this a minor one. Just keep in mind it might take 2 hours or so to beat depending on you so until he adds save know this and not spam add save to all the bug update comment section and reviews."
76561198041355588,Recommended,535230,30927333,Posted: 3 April,all,Sm00th0perator,"I recommend only because my opinion (which I consider fact) is completely biased when it comes to Gladiatorial combat. I'm a huge fan of Gladiatorial combat. This game does exactly what is expected when it comes to filling the fictional needs of this. Unfortunately, there is a few things that may sway my vote to not recommend it in the future. I'll give it about 3 months tops.REASONS NOT TO PURCHASE (Possibly Yet)#1 No Save Feature- Hopefully this will be integrated at some point.#2 Cannot change gameplay time clock- Would be nice to see a stop, pause, slow-motion, fast forward motion. Currently I'm a resource management noob when it comes to this game. Allow me to pause to figure♥♥♥♥♥♥out.#3 The game apparently only goes to 365 Days in-game- Really? Allow me to play for an infinite amount of time in one game please. I wouldn't even care too much if random events stopped at a certain point, (although it would be ♥♥♥♥in' nice.) Once you beat the game numerous times in 4 hours or less or whatever, it will feel like a demo/repeatable. I've only personally seen the game end in 120 something days. This is unnacceptable to me.Is it really worth $9.99 price point? Ehh, I'll let you decide. I'm definitely willing to spend this to support the creators, because it does cost a lot to make things like this. But is it worth it beyond that? I'll let you decide. If this was not a factor, at this current version 1.02, I would say maybe 4-7 dollars. Other than that, I extremely look forward to the progress of this game (if any) and I'm looking forward to seeing expansions.P.S.The game mechanics and soundtrack is pretty solid."
76561198090712830,Recommended,535230,30951578,Posted: 4 April,all,Dr.Deli,"So people are freakin out over not having a safe function, meh just pause the game and come back later..but keep in mind domina is more in a early acces fase than actual release ready, the game mechanics are awesome and its everything i need.it builds a hate love relation like dks did with me. ill hate the game for killing my champ but love it when my ungeared slave defeats all odds and beats a veteran gladiator.current state 6,5/10 -will adjust daily/ just like patches ;)"
,Not Recommended,535230,33159892,Posted: 2 July,all,Fragarach,The soundtrack is good though
,Recommended,535230,30953355,Posted: 4 April,all,foxly,"To be honest, when I saw all the negative reviews due to no save game feature, I rolled my eyes pretty hard. Now after owning it and playing it, I can see what some of the fuss is about. Not being able to save the game does take away for me, as I typically game for an hour, so I might not ever see the end of this one.That said, I would still highly recommend it! It's a lot of fun and the best social media and twitch integration I've seen in a game. lots of customizations and I've just scratched the surface. This is a solid game with lots to love, well worth it**Update: The more I've played it, it feels almost like a gladiator FTL. At first I was disappointed at losing my progress if I needed to quit, but now I've started to enjoy the game more when I'm not attached to the characters as much and risk them more often. There's gone as soon as I quit anyway."
76561198052273494,Recommended,535230,33962495,Posted: 1 August,all,Chester the Molester,"Skrt skrrt, this game made me FINNA BUST A NUT!"
76561198020760454,Recommended,535230,35054815,Posted: 18 September,all,Scorpio,"its ok,a bit boring after a few hours,]Great price tho,should be free on facebook,,,lol"
76561198090340574,Not Recommended,535230,34778873,Posted: 6 September,all,AGVKrioni,"Game UI is not navigatable without a mouse with a scroll-wheel. Playing on a laptop (with a touch screen and touch pad), one can not manuever. This was a known issue since at least April 2017 and is, as if yet, unfixed."
,Not Recommended,535230,31052611,Posted: 9 April,all,octasteve,"Absolutely no save function. If the game closes, or crashes, the game is over. This' absolutely inexcusable for any game with a longer play time than a defecation session.Soundtrack's great."
,Recommended,535230,32522168,Posted: 17 June,all,Herr Wolf,Kinda cool but the graphics are ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥
76561198019526395,Not Recommended,535230,31199698,Posted: 17 April,all,lpiskorowski,"Just bought this game and i cant see most my gladiators fight in the pit, i also cant see most of the people i need to work with at the Domina (all things invisible excpet market and jupiters blessing cards) most of fighters are invisible as well or stuck partially in the background (i can see the head but nothing else). when equipping armor and weapons, guess what- cant see them on the gladiator as well- always naked. i expected a few bugs based on what i ready but this is pretty poor after paying 9.99. ill try it again after the next update i guess."
76561198012359869,Recommended,535230,31071257,Posted: 10 April,all,Turkey,"YOOOO this game is awesome. It is sooo much fun! No save feature, sure but even with that it's a blast! If you have like 2 hours you can get a play session in. Saving will be added soon so get this game and enjoy! it's crazy silly and fun to watch your little gladiators fight for your entertainment! I recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,535230,32420039,Posted: 14 June,all,Anub'arak,"Look I really wanna like this game, but the main problem are the fights themselves. You may get matched up with someone that dies in 2-3 hits, but from my (unlucky) experience i've encountered gladiators that are way more trained than I, while playing on easy difficulty. The RNG gods do not appreciate me playing this. The last thing wrong for me was that I had to use my laptops BUTTONS, not my mouse, for upgrading, (Not Downgrading?), and if I want to save a gladiator of mine that has surrendered, I cannot click fast enough with my laptop buttons.All in all, if you want to get this, try it, you will hopefully have better experience than I did."
,Recommended,535230,32703765,Posted: 23 June,all,Shai_Hulud65,Recommend
76561198003655644,Recommended,535230,31390262,Posted: 27 April,all,tango,fun little game
76561198004348251,Recommended,535230,31229511,Posted: 18 April,all,Clantzy,This game really scratches an itch I have had for a long time. My only complaint is the lack of a save function.
,Recommended,535230,31226143,Posted: 18 April,all,SeanTheAntiHero,I love this game but I have a glitch where pit fights and the gladeators are invisble but other than that 10/10
,Not Recommended,535230,32783301,Posted: 25 June,all,Zpajder,"I mean, I had fun.. for about an hour, I can see myself playing it maybe once a year. Doesn't feel like there's any interesting progress in the game."
,Recommended,535230,31332135,Posted: 23 April,all,Ballistic Otter,"It's nice to cut the organs out of weird pixel men, and the crowd shouts some really hilarious stuff. Posca out of Ten."
,Not Recommended,535230,33252835,Posted: 4 July,all,Singularity IS COMING,Game has no balance. Easiest level and it will still put you in places where you always lose your best unit. give me my ♥♥♥♥ing money back
76561198074057474,Not Recommended,535230,33260895,Posted: 4 July,all,Lumpy,"Every time I try to start a battle by accepting the terms of the dual, the game crashes."
76561198279405449,Recommended,535230,32750582,Posted: 24 June,all,mrflamie,Pretty cool
,Recommended,535230,33411753,Posted: 9 July,all,wingdish,LOVE THE SOUND TRACK. I have never said that before. Also fun.
,Not Recommended,535230,31029006,Posted: 8 April,all,Living Art,"Great game, but lacks any depth."
,Recommended,535230,31695506,Posted: 11 May,all,UNYUN,dude wants son to meet gladiatorslet them meetgladiator cuts boys throat and runs away10/10
,Recommended,535230,33287378,Posted: 5 July,all,鲁棒的大师兄,It's annoying that my best fighter died by accidence. Accidence change should be reduced.
76561198160100085,Recommended,535230,34459682,Posted: 24 August,all,Ms Parasol,The game is super fun. you can play as the gladiators or just do the management and watch the fights .
76561198070850919,Not Recommended,535230,34298114,Posted: 16 August,all,Hydroxus,Generally just not fun
,Recommended,535230,34526907,Posted: 27 August,all,Condre369,"Yep. Get it. Its oddly satisfying. There are so many cool things about this game. Namely, the game has an awesome soundtrack. Its got some cool concepts such as incorporating politics, training gladiators to be epic, and hiring staff with different things that they bring to the table to help you out along your journey. May take a minute to get into it, but once you do, its oddly satisfying...Get it right now."
76561198028091118,Recommended,535230,32676925,Posted: 23 June,all,pq10sxcfinder45n,love it!
76561198081019072,Not Recommended,535230,31656715,Posted: 9 May,all,Metalgaot,this game is way too short for what they want you to do in game prepare for final fight everything is expensive in game making up grades too hard to get you cant upgrade fast enough to keep with with enemy AI garbage
76561198039820703,Recommended,535230,31269477,Posted: 20 April,all,Eyune,THIS IS DOMINA!!!#Kicksyouintobottomlesspit
76561198160133053,Recommended,535230,31643812,Posted: 9 May,all,KFC Survivor,"Beautiful game with stunning bit graphics, an absolutely epic soundtrack, funny bits of dialouge and thrilling gameplay wether you decide to control your gladiators or not.Definitely reccomend this game, although there are a few annoying bugs that need addressing."
76561198008675660,Recommended,535230,30991242,Posted: 6 April,all,rexus300,"This game is a serious f*** you on so many levels,and I love it.EDIT:Okay okay, after losing almost 12 hours trying to beat this game, its been a real sucky experience.  SUMMARY OF NEEDED CHANGES AT THE BOTTOMI'm probably saying what a lot people are saying but let me go at it.The game is hard, like, unfair hard.Every time you try to level up your scrubs into gladiatorial gods they just eventually die in one hit out of now where, which i can undestand the game is just trying to simulate the unpredicatability of a actual gladiatorial fight, but the game has a hideously noticeable unfair advantage over you the player.The Ai opponents will always have elite gladiators that will reduce your boys to garabage in a instant.  As a result you are constantly forced to put all your cards into one single elite gladiator in your ludus, which makes things extreamly risky as you could lose everything in a single bout, elminating all your progess in a game. I understand risks are a big part in the game, but it shouldn't be so excessive that you become unable to make any progress.Since its almost impossible to make any progression for any of your gladiator(s), you're pretty much just going to lose by the end of the year.Speaking of which, I know a lot of people don't like the 1 year timeline you have in this game, but I just view it as a legitable and fair challenge to the game, you know, the whole objective of the game is to have a whole cohort of elite gladitors who will win the finnal tournament so you can win the grand prize and restore your families honor. Being able to do that in one year is challenging and exciting, at least in theory, since the Ai has a unfair advantage to you in all scenarios it makes acomplishing that goal almost impossible.But still if you don't like the 1 year time frame, then it wouldn't be a bad idea to implement a sandbox mode for the game so that anyone can go at a relaxed pace when playing with their gladiators.Also the issue with the save is a big deal. At first i didn't mind there not being a save, because its forcing you to make quick decisions for the whole year. But realistically, the no save feature should be for a like an achivement mode or something, becasue practically i can't sit down and lose two to three hours of my life just to fail horribly towards the end of the year.Its just impratical for any game these days to not have a save feature.Hell this game would be fine with at least a auto save, kinda like iron man mode in Crusader Kings 2 or EUIV, a feature that you can pick up any time you want so you don't have to sit by the computer all day to finish the game.But to be fair, I must admit I do enjoy the soundtrack to this game, that's something thats going good for this game at least.Also they're not many gladiator simulaiton games out there, this game is already making a good attempt at it.SUMMARYMake the AI opponents in this game balanced, let there be actual opportunity for all of your gladiators, not just one, to level up and be formidable fighters.Stop dumping Elite gladiators at every single match against your low level scrubs, its always just a opportunity to watch your scrubs die instantlyImplement a sandbox mode so that anyone can take a more relaxed pace at this game and enjoy everything that this game has to offer.Implement a freaking save system, or at least a auto save system so I don't have to sit through a 2-3 hour playthrough every time I turn on this game.For what its worth, this is still a intersting game, and I do enjoy the soundtrack, if the developers would make a few improvements on this product, then we might have ourselves a pretty unique one of a kind video game that should be shared with everyone.SUMMARY SUMMARY,Dear developers, make a few improvements to this game that are being requested by all of your consumers, then this game could be really really fun and I would recomend it to anyone.Please fix game, so It can be super cool.Until then, I'll still leave a thumbs up on this game simply because of the soundtrack, and with the hopes that the game might be drastically improved with a few updates."
76561198100892857,Recommended,535230,30992354,Posted: 6 April,all,drockon007,This game is great. I wish the battles lasted even longer though. Even clicking the dull blade option doesnt do much for the end game finds. They are over in a blink. Overall still a very fun game.
,Recommended,535230,30968999,Posted: 5 April,all,AresApollo,Great Game if you like Great Games if you Dont get ♥♥♥♥ed
76561198069605525,Recommended,535230,30928486,Posted: 3 April,all,rgjack,"Great game, no save options."
76561198013918139,Recommended,535230,30994682,Posted: 7 April,all,UnquietEmu,Great game I can't not reccomend it.
76561198040281488,Recommended,535230,30931874,Posted: 3 April,all,WOD l the42waystodie,"I really like this game despite its short comeings,it needs a save button, and a better tutorial l and fewer battles which are impossible, despite being rejectable sometimes you need a battle to buy equipment to make ur gladiators relivent.a simple solution to, literally, all problems with this game add an iron man/ streamer mode and a casual (WITH SAVE) modehowever i still would recommend"
,Not Recommended,535230,30972135,Posted: 5 April,all,greivous3456,The game was confusing and it did not have a tutorial so when you start you don't know what to do.
76561198055384705,Recommended,535230,30969834,Posted: 5 April,all,Aki,"Honestly the games is all around brilliant, good style, good graphics and fun but NO SAVING... ive just played an hour on the easiest mode just to test it, and got absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing mangled by a gladiator after my Champion died, this was the easiest mode dont forget, it feels like im playing against a ♥♥♥♥ing mastermind rolling all around me nearly impossible to kill, nevermind no saving but easy mode being solid, rather not tbh. I do like this game and also recommend it but some things need changing."
76561198372571450,Recommended,535230,30940949,Posted: 4 April,all,Mactavious,"its a good game but when you try and select report bug, the game crashes. the bug seems to be in the pit fights, the characters are not visible for me."
,Recommended,535230,32895533,Posted: 27 June,all,Snoochie Boochies,SPARTACUS!
,Recommended,535230,33148028,Posted: 2 July,all,Hypokritēs,It's ok.
,Recommended,535230,33096428,Posted: 1 July,all,LAG,ABSOLUTELY BARBARIC
76561198045574216,Recommended,535230,31811718,Posted: 17 May,all,The Wiseman,buy now
,Recommended,535230,31871237,Posted: 20 May,all,actorart,"Great game, could use more content and classes"
,Recommended,535230,31816463,Posted: 17 May,all,Not Peter,fantastic
76561198051000497,Recommended,535230,31032009,Posted: 8 April,all,Penguin,good game
,Recommended,535230,30933112,Posted: 3 April,all,Mathias,"I really liked this game, there are several options to be explored and this instigates playing several times until I discover them all.One thing I did not like is mind control of the characters. I tried a couple of times and lost because the fights are very quick, I gave up and let AI do the job. Maybe it's slow down the fights will be easier to controll.And yeah... The lack of save game is really bad, but I hope dev team is listening and will make it ASAP."
,Recommended,535230,31690367,Posted: 11 May,all,eC,"My naked gladiator killed a full armored one, with a wooden sword. 10/10"
,Recommended,535230,35486812,Posted: 4 October,all,Rokka80,"5 STAR GAME!If i don't play Domina at least once a day... my day will not be complete.Fantastic gameplay, continuous updates with new treats to the game. Very challanging and different every time I play.Thank you for all the hard work developing this gem.p.s to the devs: Add Spartacus and the gang, that would be the cherry on the cake :)"
76561197987104908,Not Recommended,535230,31214524,Posted: 18 April,all,aa_bats,"Great concept of a game however needs a lot more work for me to really suggest sell. Countless runs ended by a bug that will not allow my fighters to spawn so fights end in a draw after 3 min, constant disconnecting of my mouse for some bloody odd reason and the framerate drops especially while in the ludus makes the game frustrating and difficult to play. Please continue to update dev but until then I can’t recommend."
76561197966239551,Not Recommended,535230,31144433,Posted: 14 April,all,gublish,"Fun game, amazing music, art style is nice.Problems: No saving. Memory leak/lag problems. Loads of stats with no explanations.Enemies are based on how strong your gladiators are, so you're better off not even training them some times. Loads of pointless things like an employee who helps with food - you will have an abundance of food without employing him.When gladiators fight, you can let AI do it all or control a character. If you control a character you win every fight without getting touched. If AI does it it's basically random luck.3 gladiator classes and one is clearly better than the other 2 in every way making them useless - no synergy or reasons to have them.The game has a time limit - after 300 days or so you have to fight the end game battle. No way to continue."
,Not Recommended,535230,31460327,Posted: 30 April,all,Flunsi,"2min into the game and i was already forced to fight twice. i was still figuring out what i have to do and what options i have. even if i knew all, there is no time to adjust anything.strategy my a$$. also horrible font. its hard to read. there are way better retro-fonts.easiest refund ever."
76561198009802417,Recommended,535230,30925854,Posted: 3 April,all,Qmicic,"Great Game! It is addicting as hell. I hope Devs will add more exciting stuff... but so far i love it.That being said, this game really needs a save game option and some form of longer gameplay... Like some type of a campaign."
76561198068221714,Recommended,535230,30973611,Posted: 5 April,all,Mighty_Max,"A lot of reviewers don't seem to understand what ""rougelike"" means.Granted, this is a very hard game.Same ballpark as FTL, and extremely entertaining, stylized etc.If you enjoyed ""Kingdom new lands"" and FTL/Faster than light then you probably will enjoy this game as well."
76561198045547141,Not Recommended,535230,30971332,Posted: 5 April,all,Syntrix,"Meh, Its alright for like maybe an hour then its gets really repetitive, Also there is no save feature so if you want to take a break you can't, Has no longevity and really nothing to it, its a game you play when you're bored, It feels like a mobile app. Btw I refunded this."
76561198037496826,Recommended,535230,30924951,Posted: 3 April,all,Sirisak Pagwandel Rodlips,"An allaround good and fun game, but a pretty short one at that :)"
,Not Recommended,535230,31479788,Posted: 30 April,all,frette,"What a godawful game.I did not expect much, maybe 5 hours or so, but I was bored as hell after only 41 minutes, and that was only because I thought maybe there was something else to come (there wasn't).Click here, there and there, watch gladiators, click here, there and there, watch gladiators, rinse and repeat.The soundtrack is great though. Too bad the rest of the game doesn't come close."
76561197986111295,Not Recommended,535230,31468710,Posted: 30 April,all,Slim(hin)ne,♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay and endgame
76561198020583831,Not Recommended,535230,33067807,Posted: 30 June,all,Rodow,"A terribly unbalanced and boring gameThe artstyle, music and visuals are incredible but it gets killed off by its lack of strategy and gameplay, you're in to see a spectacle but that's about it, you won't do much more, the game wins itself just by continuosly pressing train and basically making one OP guy and ignoring the rest, i refunded the game after i kept on winning with the same guy by doing nothing at all"
76561198045683761,Recommended,535230,30924878,Posted: 3 April,all,Edvaldo,"10/10No saving option. Well, lets beat the game in one run."
76561198122276107,Not Recommended,535230,31327701,Posted: 23 April,all,MarcOwaR,This game did'nt like my set up - Mouse would freeze then the game would freeze.pretty much frozen for 10 seconds then it would come back to it's self and happen again 2-3 mins later...I had to restart my PC cause it did something strange to my mouse cursor where I could only move left too right =/Game looked fun as well >< that music!
76561198003124891,Recommended,535230,30955572,Posted: 4 April,all,Master of Muppets,Amazing game! It is a Rogue Like so there is no save feature. If that is a problem with you do not buy this game. I think it is fine that there is no save feature. I love this game so much and cannot stop playing it. It is addicting to build the perfect gladiator. I want more games like this. I love it sooo much! Thank you so much for building a good gladiator game!
76561198124280471,Recommended,535230,31963305,Posted: 25 May,all,NiBBa'z PL4t1n'U'm damn'ING g0t[,"If I have learned anything from Domina, it’s that I can lead SO many people to their deaths with one hundred percent confidence.Swords and sandals movies have always been awesome and have interested me since I was a child. I remember the first time I watched the chariot scene from Ben-Hur and my brother whispering to me that somebody actually died in that scene. It was like a peek into the past, starring Charlton Heston.Nothing really changed as I grew up, watching Troy, 300, and Gladiator. Okay, maybe some changes like historical accuracy, acting, special effects, and way too much chest oil but they are kinda the same feeling I got as a kid.Much to my delight, when I heard about Domina (Steam link) I was super excited. Domina puts you in charge of your own gladiator fighting team or “Ludus” in a fun pixelated management style game. So that way you don’t have to feel bad about murdering someone chained to the floor, it’s pixelated! The story is short and sweet, something about your dad going bankrupt and his estate landing on your lap. The Emperor wants to have an awesome ruckus of a year with arena combat and is offering all sorts of gold, glory and fame. Opportunity is plenty and ripe for the taking, if you train your gladiators well.Normally this is when I would starting talking about features and what I think about them, but before I do that I want to talk about game development. It’s hard, mmkay? Aside from that being the biggest “duh” of a sentence, it needs to be underlined. Why? Domina is developed by one person, not two, not one and a half. Just one. That means programming, art, music, the whole shebang lands on one guys shoulders. For my part as a reviewer, I always keep that in mind. You as a reader should too. Otherwise go make your own Indie studio and prove me wrong.Domina is best broken down into two half halves. One side is the management and the other is combat.The game starts with offering you a tutorial and introducing each aspect of the game bit by bit. I would honestly suggest skipping this. The reason is that the tutorial really doesn’t explain all that much. It introduces side characters and what they are for, but these aspects aren’t as important as the gladiators themselves, which it lightly touches upon. It’s also a little slow paced compared to just starting the game normally. Yes I know that’s the point but it just comes off unnecessarily slow paced.Domina is a game that is meant to be beaten in about hour and a half chunks. Think FTL but with a focus on building a championship team of gladiators over a series of exhibition style bouts. It is a rather robust but simple system that has some deep strategy once you understand the basics. It took my first four games before I noticed there was a trait system that really changes combat. There are multiple facets to the game I am going to go over but it all serves the same purpose, which is your gladiators.First you have your city officials which are the Legate and the Magistrate. They serve two purposes for the most part. Primarily they are the ones running the local arenas and depending on how much they like you, may affect the prize or even the match style itself. Additionally they also can be used to purchase new gladiators/slaves. Additionally there are random dialogue events that can occur to make one or the other happy. Depending on what hirelings you’re using or what the level of your gladiators are may change these events. It’s a really neat aspect that kinda adds a roleplay, FTL element to it. You can also make them happy by drowning them in wine. It’s Rome, what do you expect?Up to three hirelings can be added to your Ludus for many different purposes. They can come in many varieties from the obvious such as Medicus to heal your gladiators after a fight or the Haruspec who can make sacrifices to the gods for favour. Other choices include Architects to modify your training grounds, Educators, Bards, and Agents. They all contribute in unique ways and it’s rather neat to try different strategies as you play.There is also some minor resource management. This area is by far the weakest aspect of the game. It’s really not that important other than having a steady flow of food/water/wine. Which you can buy from the market in droves. So it makes very little difference to overall gameplay long as you just keep buying the stuff. There are some hirelings to produce these resources but that would be a wasted slot in my opinion. It’s something I think needs to be patched to make more relevant or just be done away with all together.There is a card customization system that allows you to add buffs to individual gladiators. These cards can be earned from successful arena matches or pit fights. Which finally brings me to the gladiators and their plethora of customization’s. I could go over every detail but I will just hit the general stuff. You build each individual gladiator up, from what stat they focus on training, class, armor, weapon, to managing their happiness. There are also traits that are randomly generated, permanent stats on each character, that make all gladiators fight a little differently. These are broken up into aggro, turtle, evasive and stamina and they are something you should pay keen attention to if you want to win this game. Which I haven’t managed, yet.You can grant gladiators freedom, sell them, put them to death. Everything about their lives is in your control. The management aspect of the game is in depth but don’t let all this fool you. The UI and hirelings really simplify this process. You can get as in depth as you want but the busy work is done for you. I loved this aspect to the game and it’s by far the most addicting aspect to it. I haven’t even mentioned the three classes and skill tree. The gladiator system is that deep.On the other side of the fence is combat. Which is brutal and messy in good and not so good ways.There are two ways to head into the arena, you can control your gladiator or let the AI do its best. Both have their benefits and draw backs. One thing that they do share is that it all ends quickly. You will either die in about ten seconds or win in ten seconds. No more, no less. Controlling your gladiator might seem like it is the easiest. You can dodge, raise your shield, and the controls are very responsive. The problem is that the AI even on the easiest difficulty can rip you to shreds and knows how to do it. Keep in mind there are five difficulty levels.I don’t know if it’s due to balancing or I just possibly suck, but the enemy AI just knows exactly how far it needs to reach to hit you. Combat proved to be extremely difficult for me and I just couldn’t figure out why. I set myself up to be vastly over powered but would still often die randomly or win randomly. I couldn’t spot clearly what I did to tip the combat in my favour other than smashing on the attack button. Don’t get me wrong, it’s still plenty of fun and I cheered gleefully when I cut off my enemies head or saw an arm fly off. It’s still gladiator combat and watching a lion eat my gladiator is awesome.Believe it or not I have had WAY better luck letting the AI do all the dirty work. An important note though is that there is a dedicated AI stat that needs to be maxed for this type of strategy. I got the farthest with this strategy but still would suffer an occasional stupid death from my best fighter. This is what indicates to me that there might be some sort of balancing issue. It didn’t turn me off of the game because I still had fun trying new strategies and plans out. Although, again, this is on easy and I even started using guides.Check outhttps://bigbossbattle.com/review-domina/for the rest of the review!"
76561197984918230,Recommended,535230,30934674,Posted: 3 April,all,Monty! (Don't Slut Shame Me!),ITS ♥♥♥♥ING SICK... all the bad reviews are about the save opion and its not needed at all i find the games alot better without it!
,Not Recommended,535230,33243449,Posted: 4 July,all,Rennard,"This game is impossible even on easy difficulty, the tutorial is a joke, and it can randomly ♥♥♥♥ up your run because... I don't even know why. My best guy (best gear and stats) got one-shotted by some random dude with half health."
,Recommended,535230,33367890,Posted: 8 July,all,BlAh,Yes
,Recommended,535230,33364761,Posted: 7 July,all,Elite05,Best game that I ever played!
76561197969867515,Not Recommended,535230,31007905,Posted: 7 April,all,Apollyon,the game can be fun. but fix the damn game. I lose when I have all better stats. And playing on easy
76561198062181139,Not Recommended,535230,33026105,Posted: 29 June,all,Falcon,Worth 0.50 Cents.
,Not Recommended,535230,31992885,Posted: 27 May,all,ImperialChaplin,"I have had this game for a bit and have played it for a couple hours and I have to say it isn't all the good. Granted it is supposed to be a challanging game and it is. But I must have challanging wrong as one of my gladiators was winning a fight and then got his head cut off randomly.I have delt with the games BS of ninja flipping hostile gladiators, 1 shotting♥♥♥♥♥♥tier gladiators, and the OP as all hell people using a spear net combo. It isnt even the net that makes them op its the blood spear. 1 shotted one of my best gladiators as if I threw a naked guy with no gear against him.Granted there was some fun times seeing my gladiator rise from a poor state to an absolute power house, however this was quickly undone by either a never ending back flipping gladiator until he swings 1 time and decapiates your tank. I do like how the matches are randomly generated because it adds some pretty fun factors.Its mostly just the damage system and the BS ninja flipping AI that ruin this for me. Maybe when this game gets further along I'll rewrite my review but as it stands this game is just pure BS. But if its on sale then get it as you can experiance back flipping ninjas. #Flip"
,Recommended,535230,33367104,Posted: 8 July,all,Berk,good
,Recommended,535230,32741705,Posted: 24 June,all,Great Lion,"Everytime I finish a battle, I can hear Rich Evans screaming in the background.But in all seriousness the game is fun, though there could be some improvements.It feels a bit too short, and after playing Endless mode for some time it kinda gets boring as your gladiators get more and more powerful yet the opponents stay at the same strength, even after beating the championship twice."
,Recommended,535230,31077073,Posted: 11 April,all,Brantanamo,Great game
,Not Recommended,535230,33383135,Posted: 8 July,all,poke me in the coconut,"Meh. It's decent enough but it's too short. Can't recommend it at full price, nor for the 5€ that i've paid."
76561197992030805,Recommended,535230,31193409,Posted: 16 April,all,Henchman 21,"Befriended a lion, sent him into battle and he died :(game 10/10"
76561198099621261,Recommended,535230,30985521,Posted: 6 April,all,Walthari,"Good Game i like it, but a savegame feature would be nice."
,Recommended,535230,32744036,Posted: 24 June,all,Twiztid223,"What ""Spartacus Legends"" should have been like"
76561197990904205,Recommended,535230,31009004,Posted: 7 April,all,HalfBakedCookies,meh
,Recommended,535230,33185632,Posted: 3 July,all,NotADrugDealer,Not Been ♥♥♥♥ed this hard since my tax return.11/10would get ♥♥♥♥ed again.
76561198170877063,Not Recommended,535230,33205090,Posted: 3 July,all,A_Lunatic,"I had high hopes for this game and it looked like it would have been a total blast...alas, the damn game doesn't even work.I gave multiple, multiple tries before and after follow what the devs told, validating files, and uninstalling/reinstalling.All to no avail.Behaviour like this in an Early-Access game is more than acceptable, and a waiting game is expected due to a small dev team only being able to focus on a few things at a time.But this game is no longer in Early-AccessThat fact that the devs continue to be able to sell this is beyond me, and I (very) sadly cannot recommend this game, unless the devs released some form of update fixing the issue with the game freezing on 32/37, no matter the game mode."
,Recommended,535230,33221404,Posted: 4 July,all,Abad,Veni.
,Not Recommended,535230,33325504,Posted: 6 July,all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,Just not fun
,Recommended,535230,32738211,Posted: 24 June,all,fruitbag,"It's a good single player game, but is it for you? See here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FJuL27CxOI(Update 20th April 2017: An automatic save function has been implemented, after the release of this video)"
,Not Recommended,535230,31026519,Posted: 8 April,all,MaTheMeatloaf!,"AWESOME GAME ruined by the fact it moves at the speed of light and No save feature. There are all these cool things laced throughout the game that you just want to read and soak in, vibe out on but the dev who made this game obviously was either  A. on crack cocaine or B. catered this game to the  millenial generation who cant process anything more than 1 hour of game play. Pass on this game till a save feature is added and the game is slowed down some"
,Not Recommended,535230,31715985,Posted: 12 May,all,Darkbringer35,Theres a ♥♥♥♥ing time limit before the game ends. Absolutely ruined the game for me. Refunding.
76561197985868007,Recommended,535230,30937457,Posted: 4 April,all,Blackflooddiesel,this game is the best .. the clowns that cry about saves .. pish ... just hit escape it pauses the game and go afk and do what you gotta do .. and come back when you got time ... the only thing this game lacks is a little more content but if they would just expand on the idea they got i love it that you dont have to fight if you dont want to .. more options for fights would be cool but its a really good game for the moneys 10/10 would buy it again
76561198023929057,Not Recommended,535230,32888822,Posted: 27 June,all,GGerrik,"Wait until they add a save feature, then invest. The game play is fun, but without a save feature you're wasting your time."
76561198007739158,Not Recommended,535230,30950595,Posted: 4 April,all,TurtleMcSquirtle,Really wish I could recommend this game.
76561198365823712,Not Recommended,535230,32462611,Posted: 15 June,all,christopher.floyd,"This game has a great feel to it, the design is great, and for the most part it is fun to play. However, even on the lowest difficulty the first couple fights, which are mandatory, are impossible to win. You are forced to send your level two gladiator with cheap gear to fight against level seventeens. Also, there is no place to have a low level fight. As the game goes on the fights simply get harder. So, if you have to train low level fighters quickly you're out of luck. This game is great and I want to love it but these two flaws make me regret buying it."
76561198077031177,Not Recommended,535230,32194788,Posted: 5 June,all,Nicholas,Come back in a year when the game isn't basically blackjack. You WILL lose your best dudes to guys who have no business being in the ring with them. And the rest of your men will have zero stats and be utterly useless.
76561197973956074,Recommended,535230,30960120,Posted: 5 April,all,Niv3s,"I found this game to be nothing short of spectacular. Such an amazing find hiding in the steam store!I notice there are lots of negative reviews complaining about there being no save feature, but there's something to be had for a game where you can stop playing it at anytime, because you know nothing will be saved. This type of ""no-save"" feature can add to enhance your offline life as well, as you will not longer be tied down for hours at a time in efforts of succeeding, allowing for your physical pressence to be found somewhere other than on a chair...Domina is so many things i've wanted to see in a game, from the simple yet powerful abilitys you can unlock through your Doctore (dodge roll with 100ai level is a must have), to the almost limitless configuration of workers/fighters, Domina has so much crammed into what seems to be a small package. Sometimes i felt like i was playing the SIMS, but not the SIMS now, the SIMS when you didn't care about the fact you were playing a game of someone living, you thought it was fun, then you realised it was boring, this is that same feeling except with Gladiators, and kiling, the way games should be. The best feature is how it constantly flows, you spend so much time managing before you know it there's another fight on, then it's time to sit back and watch your hard work (or poor slaves) show their worth!Really really keen to see where the dev's take this game, i think it has super potential.Don't mind if it stays the same, I've finally found a single player game i can call home :)"
76561198365430318,Not Recommended,535230,33045390,Posted: 30 June,all,bjarkehalberg,way too ♥♥♥♥ing hard its just a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. you cant even learn from the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial because sometimes when i click the tutorial nothing happends
76561198044132474,Not Recommended,535230,33071728,Posted: 1 July,all,"NuclearShoes, The Kawaii Pyro","aw man it was good but that ending was a huuge ♥♥♥♥ you,  probably one of the worst I have seen in a long time /:"
,Not Recommended,535230,33553569,Posted: 15 July,all,Jaal,meh...
76561198314762451,Recommended,535230,30976273,Posted: 6 April,all,akenoluv,"This game is pretty hard if you are not used to this. Me personally, I suck but there are youtubers like ""SpladerCatGaming"" who plays on easy as well and says this game is still hard to play. Its a gamble game not a happy go lucky game. If you want to have a good run through the game well... have fun with that. ^^ OH Btw, there are no saves and if you dont win the championship thats game over and you have to restart from the poor beginning. Enjoy <3P.s. Its a yes and no as a recommendation"
76561198067297534,Recommended,535230,30968841,Posted: 5 April,all,Re-L Mayer,fun game
,Recommended,535230,30954491,Posted: 4 April,all,claytonlord123,This game is awsome i have had tis game since it came out and the game is really cool i love it so much
76561198019951986,Not Recommended,535230,30948912,Posted: 4 April,all,pocketdimension,this game is punishingly hard for non streamers
76561198208369871,Not Recommended,535230,30953122,Posted: 4 April,all,Slic,really hard
76561198062269113,Not Recommended,535230,30936879,Posted: 3 April,all,ModerateToSeverePlaquePsoriasis,Playing this on a Gtx 1070 and intel I7 Processor on a new MSI gaming desktop. Currently my mouse moves on its own in game and I have no sound at all. Tried all the settings and reinstalling and verifying and still dosen't work. Reall was looking forward to this one sadly.
76561198051762294,Not Recommended,535230,35166593,Posted: 23 September,all,Baron Matticus Von Godslobber,"I love the concept of this game, but it is just too frickin' difficult and frustrating for me to spend any more time on it."
76561198006524453,Not Recommended,535230,30940387,Posted: 4 April,all,Hassie54,"This game is pretty sweet. It scratches that gladiator itch that I have had, and I assume many others have. Being able to control the gladiators yourself is cool. I like the tech tree, though I would prefer more types of gladiators classes and for them to be further down on the tech tree to get earlier. As it is, it takes more than half the game to get either of the two extras, which puts you in control of the base class for the most part. This is not a big deal, and not even a con, just not a pro either I would say.The controls are pretty straight forward, and from what I saw, they can be changed to suit the player. The game is twitch chat enabled, so your gladiators can be named after streamers followers/subs if they choose. Having this integration is pretty cool, and honestly, considering how easy it is, more games need to get on that hype train.Ok so now to the crux of the situation with this game. This game is cheap at $10 really. The game is fun, and I sat and had a ton of fun for 45 minutes before I had to leave. I assumed the game auto-saved as there was no option to save and exit. I came back to find that my only option was to start a new game. Apparently there is NO SAVE FUNCTION. This just baffles the mind, how a game in the year 2017, that cannot be beaten in less than 20 minutes, doesn't have a save function.This game takes anywhere from 2-4 hours to play fully through according to most people, but that is just not feasible for SO many gamers. Not everyone can put life on hold for that long. I can't physically sit and game for more than an hour without pain in my back, and without a save function, this game is not worth your money. Until the dev adds a save function, this game is not worth it. I am refunding my copy, and after reading what the dev said in his thread about how he knows people want a save function, but he has been focusing on bugs so people can play the game, I doubt I will repurchase it if he does get around to adding the save feature. He seems to believe that it is not a necessary feature, and forcing players to play all the way through in one sitting is a perfectly acceptable requirement of players. It might just be me, but his attitude just irks me, but I may have read what he was saying incorrectly. Long story short, keep an eye on this game if what you see interests you, but wait to buy the game, don't reward the dev for slacking on that one needed feature until he actually gets around to adding it."
,Recommended,535230,30926918,Posted: 3 April,all,PlushSalmon,"Oh my, haven't seen so many whiners in a long while.First playthrough took 2h for me, which is nothing more than an evening, so stop it already.And if can't,  try to send your pc into sleep for christ sake."
,Recommended,535230,31386764,Posted: 26 April,all,Burst Fire,Pretty good game woth every $$
,Recommended,535230,32865836,Posted: 27 June,all,Decoy,Is this a video game?Yes.
,Not Recommended,535230,31136917,Posted: 14 April,all,leonissenbaum,Softlocked when I started the first fight.
,Recommended,535230,33053530,Posted: 30 June,all,Hello darkness my old friend...,"Mark a Review as Helpful ... or notDid a Steam community review help you make a decision about a game? Mark any review as Helpful, Not Helpful, or Funny."
,Recommended,535230,30968669,Posted: 5 April,all,Lil Balaclava.tv,"Casuls...""Wahhh no save""GET GOOD"
76561198073249200,Recommended,535230,30920975,Posted: 3 April,all,Noa3,"Nice Strategie Game to train own gladiators, a bit hard but fair!"
76561198046368150,Not Recommended,535230,33173319,Posted: 3 July,all,wangpasta,So many elements just seem rushed and just plain bad
76561198017063239,Recommended,535230,30926715,Posted: 3 April,all,SealfaceSexton,I like it.
76561197961994959,Not Recommended,535230,32357668,Posted: 11 June,all,Falc^,"... This game has one MAJOR flaw! There is a ""disarm"" part of the combat... This wouldn't be a problem if it wasn't borked AF.  An example of what I mean by this: I had a level 20-something gladiator get disarmed vs. a MUCH weaker gladiator. My gladiator ran back and forth on top of his sword never picking it up while getting hacked to death for 2 minutes getting hit for like 3-4 dmg ever few seconds finally dying............. Seriously WTF! I'm all for RNG games but this sort of stuff is seriously stupid AF!"
76561197989902513,Recommended,535230,30941234,Posted: 4 April,all,plainoldandrew,"To all the lilly livered, limp wristed, slack jawed, bow legged save game lovers giving negative review I say this:Grow a pair and play the game as god intended!! It's so much more fun when you take an actual risk!Now, on a more serious note, I do feel for those people who can't dedicate a couple of solid hours to a game for whatever reason because you guys are missing out on a real treat. This game is Quadriga meets Enterchained and is worth every penny and second you spend on it.The game plays out over a year of in game time with the days (spent overseeing your Gladiator school) passing in realtime (speed varies according to difficulty). Juggling the upkeep of everything going on in your compound can get a bit hectic, don't fall into the trap of thinking you can afford to luxuriate at a turn based strategy pace. every week or so when a big fight rolls around, it's a relief to take a breather as you decide which lump of indentured flesh you're going to push out onto the sand next.For extra relaxation points let the AI fight the battles for you, it adds to the suspense and gives you that bit more time to lap up the atmosphere.11/10 I am entertained."
,Not Recommended,535230,31127734,Posted: 13 April,all,Flymem/ csgolive.com,Not worth the money until workshop support. 5/10
76561197987733234,Not Recommended,535230,31223492,Posted: 18 April,all,Oakmidget,avoid until save feature
76561198067490530,Not Recommended,535230,31849818,Posted: 19 May,all,Dragnum,This is too challenging for me even on easy. I'd definitely call it Nintendo Hard. Cool premise though.
,Not Recommended,535230,34964875,Posted: 14 September,all,Coin0p,"Overpowered? feeling weak? Button mashing for survival might make you feel better! Or never want to play this stupid game again. Because no matter how hard you come at it, you will always fail. :P"
76561198113757114,Not Recommended,535230,35095794,Posted: 20 September,all,gonzo29_91,what a waste of money...
76561198010582764,Not Recommended,535230,31609700,Posted: 7 May,all,Di,"I don't recomend this game to anyone unless you learn to cheat it.  Here's how:go into C:\Users\(your computer's name here)\AppData\Roaming\Dominaand find the savedat file.  Open it up with notepad, have fun.Here's a spoiler: you die at the end.  No other outcome (I made it where I never got a random event, 2000 days, kept reseting the difficulty and had 10 fully upgraded gladiators with skills well into their 60's.  I released a couple (I had 12 before last fight) who were also high skilled.  Nope, they didn't come back, and I had a bunch of no equip slaves who died in an instant and still had the mob behind me.).  I also had the Legate and Magistrate at full positive towards me.Overall: Do not buy.  Unless this game goes on sale (free is too expensive honestly...)"
76561198025124612,Not Recommended,535230,31033147,Posted: 8 April,all,Valyrian,i wandering why 356 day only...is that value for this game ??gave me back my money.No Save option!!Limitles !!
76561198025366303,Not Recommended,535230,32079377,Posted: 30 May,all,Ejomatic,Despite being a little 2D pixel game it won't run on my laptop. Seems silly when I can run much more graphically intense games? Maybe one day they'll release a version that can run but my entire experiance was constant crashing and invisible gladiators.
76561198121852384,Not Recommended,535230,31351367,Posted: 24 April,all,瞬间爆炸,horrible font
76561198083260392,Not Recommended,535230,30921008,Posted: 3 April,all,ManiacalKiwi,"Tried playing on normal and my whole team got sweeped, can't even use anyone who has a chance in the areana cause it cost more to upgrade them then I'm rewarded. Took the game down to easy to try and play with my now♥♥♥♥♥♥Ludus and get killed by a guy with a dagger and no shield who somehow has better reach than my gladiator with a sword and shield. Maybe I just need to git gud, or maybe this is horribly unbalanced, who knows ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
76561198348930799,Not Recommended,535230,31714445,Posted: 12 May,all,TABBYTAEGAMES,its sucks
,Not Recommended,535230,32717539,Posted: 24 June,all,Birth1118,Pretty much like punch club.
,Not Recommended,535230,32051187,Posted: 29 May,all,TDUntamed,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197990643240,Not Recommended,535230,32116930,Posted: 1 June,all,AlthosSilverwing,"crap, pure and simple"
76561198133757052,Not Recommended,535230,32761759,Posted: 25 June,all,Dancing Doll,"♥♥♥♥! I cant see my gladiators, please fix this ♥♥♥♥ing problem!"
,Not Recommended,535230,32329181,Posted: 10 June,all,Knifeydacat,"This game annoys me. I want to like it but its arbitrary and stupid.  ""hate this game"" ""domina"" keywords"
,Not Recommended,535230,31617750,Posted: 7 May,all,Lomon45,Are you able to delete this without refunding it because ive played this too ling to refund it and now its just sitting there in my library annoying me.
76561198060305633,Recommended,535230,30920618,Posted: 3 April,all,nicodudu,"Currently, in v1.0.1, my game crash after clicking ""New Game""... But it looks cool..."
76561197997920551,Not Recommended,535230,32745204,Posted: 24 June,all,ninja368,Game is waaaaaaaay too hard. Nerf it.
76561198192668859,Not Recommended,535230,31301497,Posted: 22 April,all,Tnord261,"cant see people, game broken, dont buy"
,Not Recommended,535230,33102150,Posted: 1 July,all,Schmuck Goblin,eww a game that requires management get it out
76561198046963453,Not Recommended,535230,32744972,Posted: 24 June,all,Elekris,Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you make a gladiator game that doesn't even allow you to control the gladiator from the start?! Give me my ♥♥♥♥ing money back!
,Not Recommended,535230,32741779,Posted: 24 June,all,Ninj,Complete and utter garbage. Only diehard and crazy fanbois can enjoy this sort of masochism.
76561198389089974,Not Recommended,535230,32742016,Posted: 24 June,all,I_IsTheTacoz,It is a laggy sack of♥♥♥♥♥ unless you have the new Beefy 8000 supercomputer. P.S. it crashes my steam client whenever i launch it. DO NOT RECOMMEND
76561198089989828,Not Recommended,535230,32750223,Posted: 24 June,all,floboug,Did not really understood how to play it !
76561198355868814,Recommended,535230,31014270,Posted: 8 April,all,Spark.chaser81,"I don't mind the lack of a save feature.  The game is rather ""short"" so the need for a save feature isn't an issue.  I wouldn't mind seeing a ""Save Gladiator"" feature.  Perhaps for a cost (the price of your gladiator) you could save one gladiator and at an additional cost (the price of your gladiator) you could load it into a new game.  I can see how this will eventually cause a gladiator to become OP but unless you have a crap ton of money, you will lose him at the end."
76561198005770771,Recommended,535230,33133381,Posted: 2 July,all,Arauza,"I feel like this game is rigged, I had my men all fully upgraded, Blissful and happy, then not a single one of them came to my defense.    Awesome game though."
,Recommended,535230,33133218,Posted: 2 July,all,Puss puss,Really fun..should add more bosses to make it more challenging
,Recommended,535230,33134731,Posted: 2 July,all,David,"Just bought this on steam summer sale. Thank Jupiter's♥♥♥♥♥♥they finally put in a save system. The endless mode is amazing though there needs to be increasing challenge because I felt over time it got a bit boring unless you threw your standings with the two nobels into the red, then they tended to throw very cool challenging battles at you. It'd be awesome if in endless mode on the second playthrough the game avoided 1 on 1 battles and made the battles more larger as the default because by the second playthrough you have so many resources and lots of gladiators plus a seamingly endless supply of good gladiators for sale as well.It would also be good if there were more regional battles as these provide a lot of fun in endless mode and its a shame there's nothing like the very final battle in the standard mode in the endless mode where there's just heaps of gladiators. Similarly it'd be cool to have gladiators you've set free return in endless mode like they do in the standard.Very fun game though and it really scratches the itch I've wanted from a gladiator management RPG. This does that and its actually pretty fantastic. The artstyle is very good, the music is just amazing and I can't beleive 1 developer made both. The engine is probably the only thing bad I can say about the game as for some reason the game suffers slowdowns and interface issues such as misclicks and freezing during button presses.I've had a lot of fun with this game and I hope the developer considers making an expansion pack allowing us to tour the entirety of the empire call it Domina: Gladius. I'd love to see that.Fantastic game, really goes to show what an indie developer can do when they actually listen to feedback because this game has massively improved over time from when I first saw it on Youtube. I wish the developer a long and happy career and thankyou for making such a fantastic game."
76561198079409728,Recommended,535230,33129480,Posted: 2 July,all,102 Canadians,its i great game with fantasic music you will like it if you like complex thinking games but dont be fooled its nothing like a rouge like or first person combact
76561198034257390,Recommended,535230,33125891,Posted: 2 July,all,Odditeas,"I really enjoy this game. Is it perfect? No. There are components that are frustrating. I love that it is a roman gladiator micro-management game, because that's basically what it is. You train troops, give them gear, keep them fed, and teach new tactics while bribing the legate and magistrate so you can get better matches and rewards. Ensure you don't blow through gold whilst training and reseaching. If you run out of food, water, gold, or wine, it doesn't favor you. You take a penalty in troop morale.I played with the fights being AI. I found that if my gladiators had +10 hp and at least +10 attack, I'd win with the tactics path I researched in. I saw that you can learn how to control them, but I didn't select the option.Now, the game isn't perfect. Here are some cons:- You win slaves in fights, but too many will kill morale, so I had to keep selling newly earned slaves to not take morale penalties. I'd rather just not get them as a reward than receive a penalty.- You train these gladiators and sometimes random events will happen that will cause you to lose them. If their morale is low enough, they'll run away. Sometimes they lose in a fight and are put to death. It's really fustrating to train them, and lose them.- Death after a fight is really frustrating to me because it is a button mashing event against a clock, to see if you can get the crowd to favor your gladiator enough to live. I was likely doing it wrong, but I found that mashing both the mouse and keyboard keys helped, but not a lot. Again, you train them and lose them. It seems to be the point of the game, but it feels punishing after a while. I'm also really bad at these kinds of game events (I always was)- More random events. So, the random events are okay, but not great. Most of the time they are between the legate and magistrate and if you choose one above the other, or neither, you lose favor for matches. So, you need to bribe them with wine, but because you haven't had a fight in 15 days, you're out of wine, and low on coin... Kinda see what I'm getting at?Also, gladiator random events are like employees trying to call out of work for the day on a friday before a 3 day weekend: My wife is with child. I'm old. I don't have the love to fight anymore. Wouldn't you rather see me as a free citizen and know you're helping me? You don't really want me as a slave, do you?I let one go, because he was useless to me and my camp was full, so I was losing morale every few seconds from overcrowding. Releasing the gladiator got me a morale boost with my troops, but suddenly EVERYONE was asking to be released and freed. Every rejection depletes morale. Eventually, after 10+ release request prompts (that literally spammed me), I lost my best gladiator who ran away from low morale. Maybe if I killed a slave, the requests would stop, and I would only take a single morale hit.I'd still recommend this game. Just don't play it to win. This game isn't always forgiving with the randomness. Also, the soundtrack is killer."
76561198123728989,Recommended,535230,33144513,Posted: 2 July,all,Gala1.Mr-censor,"Has plenty of potential, would've wanted to explore the city instead of just staying in the lundus.It's pretty linear and the randomness factor really makes it challenging.Only cons is that the story could've beniftted more if they put an effort in it."
76561197995930949,Recommended,535230,33115982,Posted: 1 July,all,badcommandorfilename,It's like football manager with executions
76561198065880185,Recommended,535230,33145500,Posted: 2 July,all,ejnissen,One of my new favorite games. If you like gladiator games then buy it now! Highly recommend!
,Recommended,535230,33129557,Posted: 2 July,all,Lynic,First game: Won first championsship. Got killed because I won it. This game is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I love it.
,Recommended,535230,33142555,Posted: 2 July,all,Comma Eight,"Fine little managment/trainer... I enjoy most with AI fighters.Lots of fun, sadly too easy to OP your gladiators."
,Recommended,535230,33190156,Posted: 3 July,all,Vainola,"There certainly are a few things that need to be improved, but Domina is a fully fuctional and addictive game that easily makes you forget about the time.Attempting to figure out the right strategies is insanely entertaining, and the developer has put (and still puts) great amounts of time and effort into this game.I starved 6 days before the finals.10/10 would scream with my mouth closed again.EDIT: During another playthrough, I accidentally sold my best gladiator by misclicking shortly before the finals. Including confirmation windows would save players a lot of frustration."
76561198146699936,Recommended,535230,33227892,Posted: 4 July,all,maapoezdae,"Ooohhhh where to start?This is a hard one... I definately like this game, i'm just not sure if there is enough here yet to justify the full price (I got it 50% off in the summer sale). It's still a good game as it is, and looks promising, but it might not be for everyone, so if your comtemplating buying this game, here is what you should know:The game gives a good, but not to revieling tutorial, which is a good thing in this game's case, as part of the fun is mastering it. However, I had already won the end fight by my 1st or 2nd playthrough, however there is an end twist which definately adds some depth to your next playthrough. Another thing; this is NOT a game for primarily PLAYING as the gladiatior (althought that is an option). It is much more focused on the management and training of your warriors, which I personally think makes it much more strategic and overall a more rewarding game to play. All in all, I recommend this game, especially if you can get it on sale. It's given me around 5-6 hours of gameplay already, and I will likely return to it every once in a while for a playthrough at a time.OVERVIEW:Pros ---- Nice idea- Good pixel graphics- Great soundtrack- Some depth with the whole appeasement system and the training systems- Like the employees for a little more management gameplay- Potential for more growthCons ---- A little short on content (you will likely only get 10 hours of gameplay in the beginning, though it's a good game to come back to after a break)- Combat is pretty simplistic (not necessarily that bad a thing though)- The soundtrack is almost as much as the game?A solid 8.5/10"
76561198087097149,Recommended,535230,33168984,Posted: 2 July,all,LIzard,What a ♥♥♥♥ing experience. If you have not played this game yet do yourself a favor and pick it up. WOW.
76561198052952947,Recommended,535230,33167941,Posted: 2 July,all,Bach,"This game is awesome. pretty hard, took me a while to finish in pro gamer, be sure to realese some of ur worste monsters so they can save u later on."
,Recommended,535230,33143663,Posted: 2 July,all,FetterHobbit,Just did it for the Stickers XD
76561198025012706,Recommended,535230,31125382,Posted: 13 April,all,Lil Reaper,This is a very enjoyable game and was recently made more enjoyable by adding the auto save feature.
76561198132257185,Recommended,535230,31333630,Posted: 23 April,all,Chris.T,Can't stop playing. I don't know why either. Why someone didn't make something like this sooner I'll never know. Crashes a few times and RNG can really screw you over but that's half the fun. Can't wait to see what updates come out.
76561198047392735,Recommended,535230,31335907,Posted: 24 April,all,Sylverstarr,"The game is awesome and crazy addictive. It´s also freaking hard, especially when your finest gladiator decides to let go of his shield first and his head second in the very first fight. I also managed to get all my three starting gladiators dead in the first three fights. Luckily you can buy filthy slaves to train then, but it takes a hell of a chunk out of your time.That said, I truly enjoy it. I´ve got 4 playthroughs done so far with outcomes ranging from nothing happened to brutal and gory executions. I´m gonna dive headfirst into my next attempt, I can tell you that.The soundtrack is amazeballs. The graphics are fine pixel art graphics that show all you need to see (down to the aforementioned letting go of the head, or as Jack Black in Brütal Legend would put it: DECAPITATIOOOOOOON) and you can get fully immersed in the game. You even develop attachments to your best fighters quickly and are heartbroken if they eventually let go of their heads.Full reccommendation. Alright. Need to start over again."
76561197976740286,Recommended,535230,31337355,Posted: 24 April,all,Ol' Grumbler,"This game is really well done! Its funny in a bloody, politicly-wrong, ancient roman sort-of-way. I dont think it would be wrong to say that if you liked the TV series ""Spartacus"", then you are gonna love this little game.Manage your Ludus (gladiator school), train your fighters in 3 different combat styles and earn glory, wealth (and slaves) in the Gladiatorial Arena's around Italy! but beware! scheming magistrates and ruff heartet buffoons like the Legatus will seek to undermine you if not satisfied!I love this game! easy to learn and brutal to master!what i would love to see added to this game?Controller support (steam link, big picture stuff)New Classes/Fighting StylesLonger fights? they are quite fast sometimes (small stuff i know)some sort of COOP/Versus multiplayer mode where i can pit my Ludus Champion against my friends! :D"
,Recommended,535230,31344838,Posted: 24 April,all,DaMueller,very addicting game with tons of differnt elements to try out.
,Recommended,535230,30922742,Posted: 3 April,all,Lygram,"With launch, I have written a negative review about there being no save feature in the game. The Devs have since then added autosave, so here we go, a positive review:I have long awaited for a game like this. Most gladiator games around are either too old or online browser games which are, in my oppinion, rubbish. This however - captures the ""blood and sand"" feeling quite well. The fights are brutal, and the management part is also very cool.So I'm accumulating hours being a cute domina now.Cheers and thanks for the Save feature!"
,Recommended,535230,31344037,Posted: 24 April,all,mat,"This game is fun to spend about 30 minutes to an hour playing. More intense than it would appear, partly due to the amazing soundtrack, Domina is a fun manager sim that remains highly addictive."
76561198034485004,Recommended,535230,31343141,Posted: 24 April,all,Orkze,"Sent 4 unarmed naked slaves against a Gladiator. One survived and won!Later tried to kill another one by spamming Dodge Roll Attack, audience booed and threw cabbage at me!One playthrough is roughly 2 hours. Played 5 games, had perfect victory after the 4th try. Enjoyed the 10 hours, and it was worth the money.There is an imbalance to the game, with a clear winning strategy. This wasn't an issue for me, as I figured things out as I played and refined my strategy. But that also means I reached the limit of fun this game provides as of now for me (however, still worth it).Great soundtrack made by the Dev himself!"
76561198063176238,Recommended,535230,31334279,Posted: 23 April,all,shimwooley,This game is really entertaining ! Lots of different things to do to prepare for fights and the battle graphics are great !I rarely add any comments but I see hours of enjoyment coming with this one !
76561198012881833,Recommended,535230,30937965,Posted: 4 April,all,Mr_Beardtastic,"I gave it a thumbs down and said i would change it once a save feature was implemented. Well now there is, this game is awesome, and has a save feature, go buy it"
,Recommended,535230,30966607,Posted: 5 April,all,Raoska,+ Great gameplay+ Superb art style+ Great soundtrack- Very punishing (you can lose your best gladiator in a single fight for good)Add a save feature and the reviews will skyrocket.
76561198056173525,Recommended,535230,30928056,Posted: 3 April,all,WeinerWagon,"What a great game, and now with a save feature, I can now reccomend this game"
,Not Recommended,535230,31346500,Posted: 24 April,all,Wolfbane319,"The game itself is a really fun idea and I love it. I love the art style I love the mechanics to a certain extent inside of the ring. There isn't a lot of awesome replay ability If there was or if you could find new things even if you lose the championship or if you could continue on with what gladiators you had left make it a ten on ten match and you had to match 1 for 1 then you could keep five and legate and magistrate could hate you if you lose. I mean something to broaden the game. At this point though it's a game that takes 2 hours that costs over 10 dollars, with this great of an idea and this chance to make it so much more, I can't recommend it.Why? well... the limited amount of days is one part why not have to stay on top once you get there? The People you hire; there are obviously ones you need to have and that make the game easier the benefits aren't there to try different ones. Or make It that you have more randomness and only generate a 3 person list. The text choices you make are useless towards anything. The marketplace is all you need, and now after a little experimenting keep one slave to kill off makes the game by far easier.I am not trying to say it's bad, It is not bad but it can honestly in my opinion can be amazing. If multiplayer could be added in some way I could see it contend with rocket league. There are enough numbers involved in this game and If it were harder to get armor and if you could add have obstacles added to your men by chance? That would be fun for a hell of a lot more then 2 hours."
76561198005395235,Recommended,535230,31342282,Posted: 24 April,all,Carl Carmoni,Worth 10$ no doubt about it
76561198052029516,Recommended,535230,30990246,Posted: 6 April,all,kyruie,THUMBS DOWN TO UP!
76561198081857295,Recommended,535230,30933412,Posted: 3 April,all,SixPieceNuggz,"Originally did not recommend, but now the game has a save feature which completely changes my review to a positive because it is very fun now that you can accualy save your hard earned progress."
,Recommended,535230,31350104,Posted: 24 April,all,Yakruz[A],Its now has save function
,Recommended,535230,31353117,Posted: 25 April,all,Fallschirmjager,Needs new game modes ! and stop the flah up msg! there is too many in between fights! other than that great game love music and animations 6/10 price worth 10-15$ but need updating for sure and save feature needs to be worked on!
,Recommended,535230,31353418,Posted: 25 April,all,Lendar was here,sweet idea!
,Recommended,535230,32784088,Posted: 25 June,all,Zadman,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,535230,32758049,Posted: 24 June,all,SilentSeraph,"I got about 3 hours of good play time out of this before I had everything upgraded in endless mode and had won the championship 2 years in a row.Once this has more end game appeal for endless mode, I think this is going to be a fantastic game. It's still fantastic fun already. It's just that in endless you'll get to be way too op for it to be much fun (though, admittedly, walking in with 1 awesome gladiator vs 8 and wrecking is pretty fun).Great game!"
,Recommended,535230,32782820,Posted: 25 June,all,Magneon,"Crude, violent, loads of fun!"
,Recommended,535230,32794077,Posted: 25 June,all,LK | Lord Commander Guts,"I've only played for 8 hours after buying this 1 day ago for a steam sale. Worth the 5 dollars! Can't wait for DLC or a sequel for more in depth rpg, or a multiplayer to be able to take on any other domina. Very addicting game. Music is great and love that the AI can take care of it self if you train your men right."
,Recommended,535230,32778634,Posted: 25 June,all,capnnemo,"Having so much fun with this game!  It took me a little bit of play time to figure it out, but it's easy enough to start over to put your new startegy to work.  The most fun game I've played in a while!"
,Recommended,535230,32813553,Posted: 26 June,all,Lousywater,"Training nothing but weapon skill and weilding a cursed blade that randomly deals 0-500% damage, Lousy the Bold tore through behemoths with a single slice, ending whole armies of gladiators on his own."
76561197985772087,Recommended,535230,32822603,Posted: 26 June,all,MarnaBiceps-coccodrilloLELE,great Roman game 10/10.. ROMA INVICTA
,Recommended,535230,32758889,Posted: 24 June,all,Shooterman,Amazing!!! Instant Indie masterpiece!!! 10/10 Totally worth sale asking price.P.S. Did I mention how cool the soundtrack is?
,Recommended,535230,32786322,Posted: 25 June,all,Kristoffer,Bestgame on steam atm.
,Recommended,535230,32753695,Posted: 24 June,all,MoshedZ,"Ever watch Gladiator (2000 with Russell Crowe) and wish you were one of the guys who got killed by a chariot?Yea me neither. I wish I was (say it with me now) MAXIMUSThis game replicates that feeling perfectly. 1/1largenumber you will get a Maximus. Most o the time, you'll cater and nuture a gladiator only to see a rogue flying pugia get stuck between his eyes. Or a lion chomping his leg off. Or a bunch of slaves slowly punching him to death with their Weapon 1 skill.Oh, did I mention, it also has the greatest soundtrack ever? I just did. Its great. It literally sold the game for me.Not enough credit in the world to give the devs of this. They are hilarious and actually appreciate what they make."
76561198366346703,Recommended,535230,32786431,Posted: 25 June,all,Dragusin,It's just the fix I needed.
,Recommended,535230,32793532,Posted: 25 June,all,Gicu,I like it.
,Recommended,535230,32794809,Posted: 25 June,all,Nice_Nai,Incredibly fun and addicting game. Love the simplicity of the design and graphics. The soundtrack is the icing on the cake. This game is truly badass.
,Recommended,535230,32794840,Posted: 25 June,all,Wally,"One of the few games of late that I've played where 3 hours vanishes in the blink of an eye. Managing the the gladiators, their equpment, weapons, morale and other extended workers and relationships is fun. In a way, the actual fighting is just icing on the cake. Still haven't beaten it yet. Whew. It's tough."
,Recommended,535230,32793489,Posted: 25 June,all,sup bro,pretty dope
,Recommended,535230,32814733,Posted: 26 June,all,https://mail.aol.com/,"Is this a good game?It definitely is.The game is a managment and gladiator simulator and accomplishes it's goal perfectly.In the game you are a ""domina"" as the title hints, you are in control of a ludus ""gladiator school""and the objective of the game is to beat all the champions before challenging the emperor at the end of the year.The game has recruitable staff and buildable structures as well as 3 different gladiator classesRetarius thra ex, and myrmillo the game offers a plethora of achievements adding to the replayability of the gameIn the game you will level up your gladiators and go through the doctore's skill tree unlocking new gladiator classes,perks,and stat boostsyou will like this game ifYou like managment gamesYou don't flip♥♥♥♥♥♥oftenYou can stand RNGYou want a sturdy game that has over 10 hours of play timeTip:If your best gladiator tries to appeal to be freed sell him because even with the best walls he will escape;D"
,Recommended,535230,32761144,Posted: 25 June,all,ядviøli вøi,A great game! 4.8/5 would definitely recommend buying!1) GREAT Music2) Interesting gameplay
,Recommended,535230,32800649,Posted: 25 June,all,Balfa,"I guess I felt inspired to write this review - and I don't write many - because of the soundtrack in the game? Holy crap. Some of the best music ever :)Also, the game's concept is pretty fantastic; a gladiator manager sim. The pixel art and animations are gorgeous. The controls are tight. The risk/reward mechanic is good. Makes you truly scared about killing off one of your most successful champions.I guess some downsides are that it doesn't do quite as good a job at holding my hand as I'd like. This will be to some people's taste, but I just felt a little lost and thrown in at the deep end and not knowing how to stop having my guys die over and over :)Eventually I worked out the mechanics a little more. I haven't put that much time into the game, but one thing I'm concerned about is the notion of maybe ""solving"" the game, and getting your economy set up so there's no real challenge left. I'll see how that plays out in the longer term."
,Recommended,535230,32747028,Posted: 24 June,all,MentalRobot,Right away you can tell this game is an absolute gem.
,Recommended,535230,32752632,Posted: 24 June,all,Daichi,This was an amazing experiance. I quite enjoy it.. =..= i beat the year I R champion!
,Recommended,535230,32753365,Posted: 24 June,all,Marph,"Got it on sale for 5 dollars, well worth the sale price, and probably worth the full price as well"
,Recommended,535230,31364557,Posted: 25 April,all,KevSen,"Pros: Fun and irreverent gameplay for simulation fansCons: Frequent crashes (usually when an agent fails a task in my experience) that often leads to games that cannot be restored. Not a massive issue for a rogue-like, but a nuisace to happen late in a sold game"
,Recommended,535230,31346742,Posted: 24 April,all,MaonzEdong,"I am in love but I also hate this game for the evil rng that sometimes decides to screw you over at the last second or at the very early stages in the game. Managed to get to get to the end twice so far but my champion in the first game decided to flee before the final match and in the last game he got killed in a pit fight three days before the final fight so I was missing my main damage dealer and got smooshed. Nothing left to do but start from scratch. The only real con I see here is the fact that the three classes are quite imbalanced. The sword and shield fighter is good early in game but more or less useless at the end. The twohanded wielder if not controlled by the player often gets in too deep, too fast and dies because of the lack of a shield. The trident guy is just op! I guess the game needs a little bit more fine tuning also the upgrade cards can give insane boosts but sadly the good ones have not dropped for me once in 12 hours of playing the game...Two days later after roughly 20+ hours I finally did it, I beat the game on normal mode and I managed to survive in the very last battle. My champion Nonnius whom I had trained from day one on finished the dualwielding guy with a final crit roll after 28 victories, what a beast! Also I found a pretty much perfect strategy to beat the game at higher difficulty without losing anything. So good luck and believe me the feeling of utter success was worth failing over and over again!"
,Recommended,535230,31425521,Posted: 28 April,all,Davor,"We'll make this review short, bloody, and brutal, just like Domina's gladiatorial battles.Domina has a great concept: train gladiators to fight and die in a roman sand pit, with some interesting and fun twitch integration, if that's your thing.In execution Domina generally hits pretty close to the mark, with just a couple of misses. At the start of the game you start with only a single gladiator class unlocked, and the other two are fairly high up the skill tree. After a good fifteen play-throughs I can say I really wish some skill unlocks (like classes) were permanent unlocks. Other than some repetitive issues I have with the training gameplay loop, and the RNG heavy card system, I really don't have much to complain about.The twitch integration is amazing, letting an audience increase your cash reward, vote on random events, and determine if surrendering gladiators live or die adds a level of interaction with an audience you rarely see, and definitely earns some extra marks. Finding an audience if you're not a huge twitch streamer may be a bit of an issue, however.Overall, definitely check it out, and for the price you can't really go wrong. Oh, and it now has a save on quit."
,Recommended,535230,31425654,Posted: 28 April,all,UndeadClown,"Love the game, just wish the days were not limited."
,Recommended,535230,31425965,Posted: 28 April,all,Innacle,"Has anyone actually ""beat"" this game? I  find the game super fun, but the end leaves much to be desired. Adding a second season in the future would be my only suggestion."
,Recommended,535230,31427484,Posted: 28 April,all,Bender,Everytime I think i've beat this game it comes back to kick me in the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,535230,31016820,Posted: 8 April,all,Naesil,"Edit: And now I can recommend this game :)********************************************************************The game itself seems interesting and fun, but I can't recommend this game at the moment..Missing save feature - Okay I can understand that this is supposed to be played through on one sitting, but then you can't have bugs that stop the game progress.In my little over 1 hour playtime:-Neither of the fighters appear, clocks reaches to zero and my fighter loses. (Happened several times)-Upgrades/training just stops, doesn't move at all.-Whole game time stops, days left and days to next fight are stuck. (After this could not bother to start yet again)Hopefully patches will solve these issues and I can enjoy this game and change my review to recommended."
,Recommended,535230,31454476,Posted: 29 April,all,Les Grossman,"I'm getting strong FTL vibes from this game; hard as hell, with oddly satisfying combat and lots of RNG.  It's hard to put this one down."
,Recommended,535230,31455314,Posted: 29 April,all,ChierΩn,"A great, fun game with a dev who actually listens to the community."
76561198143359732,Recommended,535230,31460999,Posted: 30 April,all,Variable,"I purchased this on the day of release,  loaded it up and realised that the game did not have a save feature so i  closed it down (family man, work, kids etc) no time.Had a free day yesterday, loaded it up and boooom what a game, talk about addictive. Love the graphics, the sound track.If you like the look of this game and 6.99gbp what are you waiting for, get it support this Dev.Big thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,535230,31445397,Posted: 29 April,all,Manndroid,"Takes some trial and error to figure out the ins-and-outs, but it's certainly an enjoyable distraction. Excellent soundtrack and evocative pixel art. If you aren't afraid of some brutal RNG events, this is a stylish title to add to your library."
76561198133601338,Recommended,535230,31428894,Posted: 28 April,all,Nietz-chan,"> Game start> ♥♥♥♥ the tutorial, let's go> I've lost several times already> Dump all my resources into one gladiator> My sweet, precious child> wins 7 fights before clever game catches on> he's ""randomly"" bitten by a snake> ludus falls to ruin> game over.rip> do research> game start> buy all the right things> evenly trained gladiators> I'm feeling it> evenly trained gladiators aren't doing♥♥♥♥♥♥> can't beat any regional champions with cannon fodder> desperately try to upgrade a few> time running out> ten days before final battle> have no chance of being invited> let all of my employees go> release all gladiators after fully healing them>♥♥♥♥♥♥off the magistrate and legate> almost empty ludus> feels bad10/10 made me cry"
76561198029983789,Recommended,535230,31371411,Posted: 26 April,all,Hamismygender,What an annoyingly addictive hard yet rewarding yet brutal and unforgiving game. I love it.
76561198122712084,Recommended,535230,31450153,Posted: 29 April,all,8-The-General-8,"Faaaaaarrrrrrrrkkk  hey?Save function is a restore point - Problem if you have a busy life.Music is awesome - Obviously not a problem.No option for too fast a pace in game - Some people do not stare at screens all the time and also want to think about what options they choose in the game such as Gladiator upgrades.Developer updates the game frequently - Good.Keeping it for the two hours to play it, *alone and without any distractions due to nature of the game design...*; then deciding if to keep it.I can't recommend Domina until a pace of play option is introduced for those whom have a life. : SHowever, for the sheer fun I am having, clicking a lot ANYWHERE (not even sure how combat works, there are no tutorials really, just watched a few vids...) and watching 8bit charcters running around, decent music,  I give it a thumbs up!  For the moment...I also recommend reading this review, with a pinch of salt...http://steamcommunity.com/id/klokinator/recommended/535230/"
,Recommended,535230,30949786,Posted: 4 April,all,RuneGrey,"This game is amazing.  I love playing it.  It's very fun.AND NOW I CAN SAVE.Thumbs Up/10, glad the developer listened to us on this one."
,Recommended,535230,31368975,Posted: 25 April,all,Mekkie,"Pros - Game is super fun, addicting.. and has an amazing soundtrackCons - Constant RNG deciding your fate, inability to slow down time so you can actually explore the game between battles"
76561197984597692,Recommended,535230,30932133,Posted: 3 April,all,Jayples,Fun little game - doesn't have too much depth but sometimes less really is more and in this case I'd say it's about right.Originally could not recommend due to the absence of a save feature. This has been added now - so the game is no longer only fun if you have hours to play it all the way through or didn't mind starting pointless games you'd never finish.I give it abouta  7/10 - but it's a solid 7. Worth picking up.
76561198142370495,Recommended,535230,31483435,Posted: 1 May,all,The_Unburdened,"Great game have played a bit over an hour and a half now, love the game bit of an interesting take on the roman empire.if you like that or if you just like a decent management game, give this a go!!!!only downside which just came to my attention, on quiting there doesnt seem to be any way to save, to pick up where you left off, which means a fresh start which is fine, but sinking a few hours into a game with nothing to show for it seems a little odd."
,Recommended,535230,31478880,Posted: 30 April,all,Cody,"This is a satisfying management game set in a grim and gritty take on Imperial Rome.Bottom Line:8/10Lots of fun. Funny. Sufficiently dark and brutal.Pros:Great features of management games: resources, employees, upgrades, gear, training choices.Great soundtrack.Short, brutal, satisfying fights (love it when one of your fighters gets a one-shot kill).Lots of randomness means sometimes heartbreaking surprises.Only $10.For history buffs, lots of the glatatorial details are pretty accurate.Cons:Wish it was longer or let you play one game indefinitely.A little buggy (mainly an intermittent lag issue that is being worked out)Doesn't do great at explaining some things (like whether or not the research done by some employees sticks around after you fire them)It's unclear what different benefits the different stats give.I wish it had:arcade mode w/ couch multiplayer and persistent character(s) : non-stop action (without the mgmt part) with controller supportonline multiplayer : pit your ludus against your friends!indefinitely long management mode, or continue-after-winMaybe those things will come in future updates!Overall, great game, and well worth the price!"
76561198122248656,Not Recommended,535230,31531734,Posted: 3 May,all,Arron the Derp,The sad state that this game is I cant possibly recommend it. I only played it because i love spartacus and classical times. The combat needs an overhaul. Heres a good example of what i mean. My best gladiator with 50 plus defence and weapon skill runs straight into a murmillos zweinhander killing him instantly. The murmillo had 7 weapon skill and everything else....wtf.
,Recommended,535230,30921230,Posted: 3 April,all,Hostail 🌌,"EDITED 5/5/2017:So yeah, played it again now after several updates, thankful that dev decided to add in a save function in the end. I won't go much in depth with this review, but from the hour or so of gameplay, I really enjoy the game's style and music. There is some confusion about a lot of things in the game, like how good is a stat really at certain levels? Is it wise to focus on a few stats or always go with an all-around build with high meditation? Does sacrificing to the gods really do anything useful? and etc etc. Other than that, I really enjoy the game, thanks to the save feature I can now drop in and out as I see fit and actually enjoy the short bursts I play in.Music is also really good.OLD REVIEW:The game is pretty fun and all, but after I had to take a small break and closed down the game, I noticed theres no save feature. Checking through the steam forums it seems that the developers left that out because the game can be beaten in 2 hours max, or in a half hour if you are good I guess.So unfortunately I cannot recommend the game cause no save feature is a real turn off for me who plays games for maybe half a hour then switch around. Overall the game is okay."
,Recommended,535230,31578938,Posted: 6 May,all,Neon Vector,Ended in a more beautiful bloodbath than I could have ever imagined. Never thought I could fall in love with a pixelated gladiator. Can't wait to see what this game has to offer in the future. 10/10
76561198003594550,Recommended,535230,31570529,Posted: 5 May,all,Lord Bagel,"best 10 bux i've spent, if for the soundtrack alone.  soundtrack was better than a lot of AAA games out there.not to say the game doesnt have its fair share of bugs, but otherwise fantastic game.  hope bignic keeps modding it further."
,Recommended,535230,31572078,Posted: 5 May,all,Plasmapheresiss,I enjoy this. Buy it.
,Recommended,535230,31574155,Posted: 5 May,all,Snowstorm,My biggest issue with this game is their are no scroll bars for the menu's So I'm screwed without a scroll wheel. Thanks guys.
76561197960346593,Recommended,535230,31599369,Posted: 7 May,all,Cossack 3:13 [Russian Bear],"This game is great, i wish it had an never ending mode or something, one year goes around fast."
76561198073026400,Recommended,535230,31594296,Posted: 6 May,all,Jon Snow,"Bloody gladiator guts and goodness. A charming little game with great depth and for $10. Incredibly addicting, if you're into gladiator stuff this game is a must, just hope the Devs keep adding more!"
,Recommended,535230,31638437,Posted: 8 May,all,ShitSpitfire,This game is an absolute treat! This title will go places. Mark my words!
76561197979242220,Recommended,535230,31568278,Posted: 5 May,all,Punchie - Conformist White Guy,"This game is stellar. Now I'll tell you why.On it's own merits this game is great for the following reasons:- A killer soundtrack- Fun Combat with progression- Equally fun hands off management approach.- Droll, dark humor.- Replayability.That's the game in and of itself, but speaking in favor of purchasing this game is also the developers. They genuinely care about their product, i base this on my observation that many of the complaints levelled at the game shortly after release, were acknowledged immidiately and the following patches began fixes.Because of these things, i feel that if the genre and graphics hold any appeal for you, this is absolutely a game you should buy.  Just don't get too attached to your gladiators. Set one or two free, they work really hard, they've earned it."
76561198003258058,Recommended,535230,31579615,Posted: 6 May,all,Hapankaali,"I like this game, but it does get fusterating pretty fast. Mostly because only way to find out how your new skills works is to go on battle, so you are going to loose many fights just seeing how stuff works. The game could really use somekind of an training pit where you could sparr with your gladiators without an penalty or atleast without anyone dying. Maybe training pit could be used also as somekind of an interactive training method for your own gladiators ?I'm going to vote thumbs up althouh I am a bit fusterated with the game. I'm going to play it more and I feel like the devs are updating and improving the game in a fast pace.If you like the gladiator theme and pixelated graphics it's worth of purhace, but know that you are going to face fusteration pretty fast."
76561198007314628,Recommended,535230,31575938,Posted: 6 May,all,Spookster,Deserves better reviews for the soundtrack alone
76561197975951737,Recommended,535230,31190129,Posted: 16 April,all,Jack Torrance,"Edit: This review was made when saving was not implemented, but has now been added as of v1.0.19I'm giving this a thumbs up because I can't give a neutral review. The game has potential to be FTL or Binding of Isaac level of good but needs a lot of refinement. I've had a couple of crashes already and combined with the fact that you can't save your game it's pretty annoying. Don't buy this yet but hold off until major issues are patched.The game is also absurdly difficult (which I kinda like actually) but it needs balancing in some areas. Again, this is fixable and I have faith the dev will persist so I don't have to regret giving this a positive review."
76561198031124188,Recommended,535230,31585138,Posted: 6 May,all,DutchCanuck,"I think this is a great game and its pretty addictive however there are some minor bugs and it is in need of a ""save"" functionality.If you like the TV show Spartacus, you will love this game :)If the game would have a save functionality I would say 9/10, however without, 7/10"
,Recommended,535230,31592986,Posted: 6 May,all,~*|Reborn|*~,Ok scarily addictive.....
76561198024401974,Recommended,535230,31612796,Posted: 7 May,all,Venual,"I like it very much , when you trained your gladiators and see them winning , you feel proud , but the game ended very quick , if devs read this , expand game time and make it limitless loop , seasons to seasons like football seasons."
,Recommended,535230,31615184,Posted: 7 May,all,Berengar,"this is a great game now with save games included (thank you dev) its brutal, its hard and unfogiving, its just perfect"
76561198052361052,Recommended,535230,31645529,Posted: 9 May,all,Xander Fate,"This is a game with some mean RNG sometimes but it is enjoyable. You have to weigh the options of every fight and every decision you make which makes the game a bit more interesting. If you do it right you can win most battles. On the otherhand the decisions you make on the events have no long lasting effects. I would like to see those decisions carry weight at the end of the game. Also, and this is a big problem, there is no good save feature just in case you feel you might get screwed in battle. I would like a save feature that I can load from whenever I want not just an autosave at the end of the day. I understand this would turn into an exploit but it would make the game better in my opinion. The biggest problem that I have with this game right now is that when you get to the end if you win or lose the game is over. I would like to see the option that if you win then you have another full year to play with and even if you lose the final battle but not the Championship battle that maybe your son or daughter my take over your Ludas with the winnings you won. Continuious play would make this game better is what I am getting at. Overall it is a good alpha game but not a great one."
76561198026127484,Not Recommended,535230,31547493,Posted: 4 May,all,billywilson713,"Well the game shows alot of promise from the videos ive watched about it on youtube, and it looked really fun to play. But sadly atleast for me personally, i bought the game here on Steam and ive tried to play it but everytime i press the Play button in the main menu, it just keeps crashing on me. im not sure if that effects just me or others but with that it makes the game literally un-playable for me personally, Anyone who wants to play this game please note it could happen to you. so take this as a bit of a warning its currently in early access from what i know and it has a possible chance to be completely unplayable ive tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it about 5 to 6 times and i still have the same results. So results may vary for people hopefully one day i will be able to play it."
,Not Recommended,535230,31495882,Posted: 1 May,all,nickypoo6,I played about three hours before i returned it. My biggest problem with it is the lack of balance. It seemed as though my gladiators would looze almost every fight even when their stats were far better the the oppossing side. Also the fact that you cant slow down or pause the game during training time was frustrating to me.
76561197963592632,Recommended,535230,31522715,Posted: 3 May,all,Harnesh,"Watching Gladiator back in the day, I wanted a game like this, Spartacus again brought this out of me.This game delivers. Be a gladiator, in the arena. But it doesn't stop there, you get to run your own ludus.The modern retro art style suits the game very well. The arena music is also a nice touch.It's a rather simple game that you will get to hang of very quickly, and it doesn't get repetitive or bland.Perhaps not a game to invest hours on end into, but perfect for a quick stress release after work.Prior to writing this I had a unique experience in the arena.Controlling the gladiator I fought with the shield raised, letting the opposing gladiator be the aggressor. It had worked twice before. Measured and timed blows, having their attacks dash of my shield like waves on rock; only to cut hard and  leaving them dead in the sand.The third match was very different. The gladiator constantly rolled away from my blows, and came back like a tsunami.I was certain that I was to lose, and when the last hit would have killed me, instead I was disarmed by the furrious onslaught.The gladius, as it was dashed from my hand,  cut of the leg of the enemy gladiator.I even got a steam achivement for killing with a thrown weapon.That tricky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ didn't roll anymore after that."
76561198047330106,Recommended,535230,33568072,Posted: 15 July,all,DVeL,Already very nice and fun to play game. Can`t wait to see where Early Access and players feedback will get it =)
,Recommended,535230,33569559,Posted: 15 July,all,owlid,"great game, haven't done a management style game since i was a kid playing GM mode in the mid 2000s Smackdown vs Raw games. Really love the art style, and you quickly build a bond with your gladiators that grow into their own different narratives each playthrough, great experience. simple but one of the best games of the year."
76561198182499779,Recommended,535230,32301050,Posted: 9 June,all,The.Lost.Trooper,this needs a custom battle sandbox  setting where u can have multi galdiartors fight rrisk free to ur story mode
,Recommended,535230,32273038,Posted: 8 June,all,21st RCT. Llewlyn,"This is exactly the game I've wanted since Spartacus Legends died.All of the complains on features have been patched.It isn't as hard as people say.Chop peoples heads off.Watch half naked people do push ups.Only one dev who works his tail off for us.Pretty cheap.A bit repetitive but worth the money nonetheless.Rome.Rome.Rome.Uh, what else?Oh yeah, this is easily one of my new favorites. I've only played for about an hour but even then I am very satisfied with my money spent."
76561198161314830,Recommended,535230,32354051,Posted: 11 June,all,pdkennedy,A wonderfully fun little game! Hope that the dev produces more content to keep it so much fun.
76561198372987191,Recommended,535230,32317451,Posted: 10 June,all,SolucanAtakan,"Soooo, right, saving system is a problem. But it's the only problem I've seen so far. And end of my game was ridiculous. I was getting on well with everybody, then someone blamed me for assaulting to Magistrade and I got sent to pit. NICE RELIATIONSHIP"
76561198028876680,Recommended,535230,32324330,Posted: 10 June,all,Sakkiyn,"Fun game if you like gladiators, ""Are you not entertained!"" The Dev is very active about trying to make things as enjoyable as possible. He sometimes frequent's FoolishPaul's channel on twitch."
76561198037353278,Recommended,535230,32322862,Posted: 10 June,all,jajaqu,"I almost rage-refunded this because it's hard. But the atmosphere, the music, the gory art, and the grim story and events are all very good. It could do with a little more content, e.g. more variety in gladiatorial matches, a ""play-as-a-gladiator"" mode, a few more gladiator classes, chariots, and more venues to fight in with more interactive environments."
,Recommended,535230,30942265,Posted: 4 April,all,Psiursus,"I had to remake my review because so much has changed about this game. Ive loved it since the start even without the save feature. It's really freakin cool to see a dev provide so much back and listen to the community. This game was 10/10 from the start. Something new that was an absolute challenge. I still have not won, but with less bugs now and tons more to do maybe soon. I love this game, and it's kicking my♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198141191920,Recommended,535230,32225305,Posted: 6 June,all,Dark caster 65,Being able to fall in love with your team of gladiators and then watch as they die in numerous ways is fun. Plus then theres stealing your husbands ring and selling it.
76561198065760524,Recommended,535230,32217453,Posted: 6 June,all,Private Slurpy *SLURP*,Play this while watching Spartacus on Netflix
,Recommended,535230,32286410,Posted: 9 June,all,Gamer In The Shell,This is a very enjoyablemanagement simulatorwith interesting twists. The game definitally feels more hands on then most in the genre because it lets you control your gladiators during the fights if you choose too. The issues get fixed very quickly which is alway a plus!My only gripe is that there is no endless mode(As of writing this review).
76561198177756030,Recommended,535230,32280624,Posted: 8 June,all,Tayausd,"The developer is a goddamn legend. I got this game day one and enjoyed it then, but its already made leaps and bounds since then in part to just how willing the dev is to listen to the comunity and implement changes. Combat is rewarding and a personally prefer to watch the AI fight it out. 10/10 this game completes me"
01100001011011010,Recommended,535230,32282054,Posted: 8 June,all,Mishi,Really good and catchy game. Definitely recommended. The only bad thing about this game is it's too damn short.
76561198045586632,Recommended,535230,32312982,Posted: 10 June,all,Lykasmitts,"As some people have said, it's a load of fun without mind control.Noticed that it's a cycle of training up a gladiator, getting attached to him, inevitably losing him, and restarting the cycle.Managed to train up a Thraex until he had the best equipment, 100 meditation, and very good weapon levels.He One Hit Killed a boss, he slaughtered all his opponents, and in the final championship fight he singlehandedly killed most of the enemy team until he received a fatal blow.It's a fun game if you grow attached to pixels and are into management of a business; blood and violence in the sands is optional."
76561197987085996,Recommended,535230,32304709,Posted: 9 June,all,Nomad,Everything you've ever wanted in a game about managing gladiators! 10/10
76561198089731677,Recommended,535230,32421410,Posted: 14 June,all,Colonel Napoléon Bonaparte,"Won all the fights, then got murdered.1799125/10"
76561198116233602,Recommended,535230,32401529,Posted: 13 June,all,JadeAura,"This game is an absolute great one. If you like grinding games, fighting games, and unique ways of playing said fighting games, you will love Domina. I can ensure you that you will have fun, as long as you are open minded. It is a style of game that is hard to explain, but it is incredible how much fun we are able to have with it. Watching your personally favourite streaming play this game and choose the life and death of a charactor is very entertaining. This game is worth every penny and deserves to be featured on the front pages of the steam store. 10/10. 5 stars. Amazing game. Love it to death!!"
76561198158112167,Recommended,535230,32407920,Posted: 14 June,all,Mr Krabs,"Really fun game, but it throws you in with a ""tutorial"" learning ain't bad after knowing mechanics. I had one main dude Mallus, killed everyone and had over 400 health. For a one man team 10/10"
76561198009949087,Recommended,535230,32422925,Posted: 14 June,all,Darkred Pillow,fuuunnnn lol i beat the game few time but it s enjoyable to manage and watch fights :)
,Recommended,535230,31997173,Posted: 27 May,all,yy,Jupiter's♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good!
76561198082918859,Recommended,535230,32009289,Posted: 27 May,all,ISWS2000,Chain me Daddy
,Recommended,535230,32010840,Posted: 27 May,all,Lokaror,"A great gladiator sim, granted its rng is very very furstating at times, but overall id reccomend. The building of your ludus and gladiators is very satisfying, as are the rewards you get for doing so. Dont get me wrong its really bad when your high tier guy gets one shot but the game is worth the occainsol frustations id so atleast. The dev as of this writing is still working on the game and actively improving it. Give it a try if you enjoy sims, esp ones like this"
76561198007462283,Recommended,535230,31963527,Posted: 25 May,all,Jestor,love the game its very fun and easy to learn. i recommend this to everyone. only one problem ive found i cant roll. a better tutorial would be great.
,Recommended,535230,31960948,Posted: 25 May,all,Insayno,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198209570503,Recommended,535230,31939176,Posted: 24 May,all,Thanatos,Very fun and addicting actually somehow. I enjoy it though the game does freeze once in a while if you play for too long sadly. Hopefully that is resolved soon.
,Recommended,535230,32028420,Posted: 28 May,all,knobi,"It's very addicting, the soundtracks are lit !Widhed there where a vs mode or tournament mode against other real players or something like that :D"
,Recommended,535230,32028343,Posted: 28 May,all,NightCascade,This Game Is Good!This game is really fun and a good time waster if your waiting for a game to download or just want to releave some stress...If I had to rate this game at its current state I would rate it 8/10
76561198127698039,Recommended,535230,32039681,Posted: 29 May,all,Agent Orange,Reminds me of my favorite TV show Spartacus. Domina is a pretty good management game where you raise your gladiators and fight them in gladiatorial arenas ranging from 1v1s to 3v1s to 7v7 and more. Pretty addicting and still being updated
,Recommended,535230,32013748,Posted: 28 May,all,Snoopes,"Really cool. Have played it several times, again and again. It's a ""time killer"" and worth the money!"
76561198017451492,Recommended,535230,32019681,Posted: 28 May,all,Phlange,"Really good little game, and dev keeps updating and fixing so yeah it is good yo ! :D"
76561198089986341,Recommended,535230,32057242,Posted: 30 May,all,Grave,Great roguelike !!!
76561198215873983,Recommended,535230,32054126,Posted: 29 May,all,Mu,A great game that WILL make you addicted. A solid 9/10 for a game asking for $10.P.S: When in the arena you can hear someone always talking about their grandma????
76561198353423524,Recommended,535230,32071918,Posted: 30 May,all,westywest,"Such a great, fun, easy to learn game. 10/10 for creativity it reminds me of the spartacus series.I reccomend to everyone if your looking for a fun game to pass time.I will add though to fix the fact that no matter what bad thing shappen you can exit and load and you reset a day or 2."
76561197986449317,Recommended,535230,32094810,Posted: 31 May,all,Stu-T-Rotherham,"Really fun, only going to get better!"
,Recommended,535230,32049834,Posted: 29 May,all,War Boy,Fun for a while but it's really repetitive.
76561198043583409,Recommended,535230,32056500,Posted: 29 May,all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"Its fun for a few hours.ps: behemoths ♥♥♥♥ing suck terribly, had a 900hp behemoth dude with a hammer who got destroyed by a 20/21/28 guy with like, 230ish hp. didnt even land a hit."
76561198388685016,Recommended,535230,32107482,Posted: 1 June,all,tristenjensen1996,"love this game, always fun to play"
76561198002596772,Recommended,535230,32106451,Posted: 1 June,all,Zaphod,"It's nearly really good. This game needs the ability to choose how many dudes you put in and adjust the rewards based on how easy or hard the battle is, for example; one guy with no reputation vs 2 guys with some reputation should give you a lot of rewards. But if you put 3 guys all armed up against one guy with a reputation, it might be a weak reward, but you're more likely to win. So risk should pay off. Also XP gained from fights shouldnt always be +2 all the way no matter who did the fighting and how hard it was. It should vary more based on what happens. I feel cheated by the game when I spends ages training up dudes and they die instantly when they shouldnt and then im broke and theres no time to train anyone new. The mechanics require adjustment, but the basis is fantastic, I really want this to be more playable with more ways to comeback and use tactics and thinking to get around obstacles. Thanks."
,Recommended,535230,32105898,Posted: 1 June,all,Ziggomatic,"I love this game. I love history, especially the history of the Roman Empire, so the setting is very compelling. The writing is smart, and can be really funny while keeping in the spirit of the setting. The combat is fast and rewarding. I like the strategy involved in managing your gladiators, but the game can be really unforgiving with some engagements. If you like difficult games that you'll have to play through more than once for a victory, then this can be a pro.Difficult, compelling, smart, fun. You are a woman's blouse."
,Recommended,535230,32784201,Posted: 25 June,all,Carr,The soundtrack of this game alone is worth the price of purchase.Gameplay is solid too. Manage a team of gladiators and WATCH. THEM. FIGHT!Or invest everything into just one gladiator and turn him into a godless killing machine.
76561197973393543,Recommended,535230,32785270,Posted: 25 June,all,limoboy3,"Don't pass this one up. Fantastic Game.Very unique game, you may be thinking how much fun can a gladiator combat and training game be. A ton.For $5, this is a timeless and replayable game that needs to be in your library.There is huge potential for dlc's, addons and expansions.For $5 I give this 10/10. So many expensive games fail on delivering value.Mechanics:combat, mechanics, little RPG, Campaign and character development"
76561197975275440,Recommended,535230,32794286,Posted: 25 June,all,Poopy McGee,This game is dope. Simple premise but well executed and enjoyable. A good way to kill a few hours or more.
76561198074721152,Recommended,535230,32781704,Posted: 25 June,all,Snufferlupperguss,Nevermind the bloody game! THE SOUNDTRACK! THE ♥♥♥♥ING SOUNDTRACK! It'll have you feeling so bad♥♥♥♥♥you'll want to don your armor and slay your enemies in real life!
,Recommended,535230,32785968,Posted: 25 June,all,Pride 誇り,Started playing the game.Created a gladiator who one shots everyone ingame using Jupiter cards.10/10.
76561198108774777,Recommended,535230,32716957,Posted: 24 June,all,Korva,"Took me 4 hours to finish the main game, and it was actually worth it."
,Recommended,535230,32708854,Posted: 23 June,all,Qmzp2,"Great game, though I feel the balence may need a tweak. When gladiators win they get a pretty sizable increase in stats. Repeat a few wins and they become gods, easily going 1v5 without even getting a scratch. The 3 classes (you start with one unlocked and need to unlock the other two seem cool but I never use them since by the time I unlock them I have my god charicters already set. Only thing you got to hope for is a random event not taking your killing machines away randomly. Stat increases from training lag behind the stat increases from winning battles basically."
76561197960655684,Recommended,535230,32785748,Posted: 25 June,all,Menace,"For $5 this is a great game. I just bought it on a whim, and I'm thorougly enjoying it. Here is to hoping there will be more content and/or DLC in the future!"
76561197990935689,Recommended,535230,32785625,Posted: 25 June,all,stahlregen,perfect game
76561198014098113,Recommended,535230,32760039,Posted: 25 June,all,Logiwonk,"Got this during the steam summer sale a 5 and boy is it a steal. Very fun, doesn't require too much attention, you can control gladiators or let them fight it out on their own (which is my style cause, I'm roman work is for slaves). Would buy again 10/10"
76561197993265453,Recommended,535230,32755560,Posted: 24 June,all,TikiTau,"Bit frustrating to play here and there, but it's not a bad little time waster.Honestly, I know you can probably get better results on manual control, but. Meh. Effort.Not sure if it's possible to 'win', though. Hm."
76561198004151927,Recommended,535230,32755582,Posted: 24 June,all,SmatherMouse,First Run: learn how things work and die fairly earlySecond Run: broke the game after discovering the cards and created a god that could one shot any competitor. he solo'd the championship 1v15 without suffering a scratch lol.then proceeded to lose anyway because only naked men were ever set free :D :D :D11/10 would get screwed by surprise mechanics again
76561198014165146,Recommended,535230,32783703,Posted: 25 June,all,LuckyCharmz,simply amazing!
76561198342473136,Recommended,535230,32794406,Posted: 25 June,all,J E F F,"Fantastic blend of challenge and fun when played on the higher difficulties, Kickass music and great bits of humor here and there, definetly worth picking up if youre a fan of glorious, fast paced permadeath gladiator simulators."
,Recommended,535230,32774528,Posted: 25 June,all,Backyard Brawler,"Okay let's get right down to the point this game is alright. I paid 5 dollars during the steam summer sale for it but to be honest looking at it again the game is only worth about half that (reasons outlined below).Pros:Good time killerInteresting concept, like who doesn't like gladiatorsCool art styleCons:The game was shallow, a plot could really have been developed better with intercit interactions between your let's call them ""slave sellers"".Also would be more fun it controlling the gladiators gave more advanced options that would let you feel more connected to your gladiators, or just remove the function all together.The Low Down:The game is alright if you like ""manager"" like games and gladiators buy itALSO ♥♥♥♥ THE PIT"
,Recommended,535230,32808802,Posted: 26 June,all,Mr Candleguy,great game!
,Recommended,535230,32942810,Posted: 28 June,all,{TGG} ShadyTree,Its k like mom spaghetti
,Recommended,535230,32944388,Posted: 28 June,all,Yokfu,Really fun management game!Not overly complicated but has some depth to it.
,Recommended,535230,32944079,Posted: 28 June,all,aBoxFullOfPuppies,This game is addicting!
,Recommended,535230,32942153,Posted: 28 June,all,SeanOfTheDEAD,"This one is something special, very addictive, catchy and difficult in a not too frustrating try again way.  The music is awesome and I really hope to see future DLC for this game maybe a setting to turn down the difficulty of the game or a longer tutorial.   For what its worth, it is more playable and enjoyable then alot of AAA titles.  I recently purchased around 25 games and this one was my favourite of the bunch and can not wait to play more and hopefully dont have my favourite character continuously killed which is one other small problem there is not a way for you to save the game it auto saves when you leave the game which can be annoying when you are doing well then you make a unrecoverable mistake.   fun game its worth the money."
76561198002199282,Recommended,535230,32165396,Posted: 3 June,all,Jonotr0n,"Addictive game, loads of fun. Music is great. Graphics are charming and simple, but hope they are a little less pixlated if there's a sequel, because text can be hard to read."
76561198137538103,Recommended,535230,32167302,Posted: 3 June,all,Ovalbomd12,"Well, I can see where most of the critics of this game are coming from, however I enjoy this game in the same way I enjoy all rouge-like games, I play 1 full playthrough whenever I feel like playing, so that the game doesn't get old and tired quickly, furthermore this SINGULAR DEV is very dedicated to this project and I don't doubt for a second that he will fix the bugs and add more content based on feedback."
,Recommended,535230,32186005,Posted: 4 June,all,Grave Walker,"Very Fun game, I love leading Gladiators to death."
76561198148950479,Recommended,535230,32211962,Posted: 5 June,all,Robert Bob Johnson Smith,"The games soundtrack is worth the money alone.Great little game, has some balancing issues but the updates are coming in quick."
76561198165172616,Recommended,535230,32028592,Posted: 28 May,all,Radec,"Developers of Domina constantly improving it and I love this aspect. But of course there are dozens of stuff to upgrade or change, there are dozens of rooms for improvements to this game. Things I'm going to mention below are the things will make this game legendary if they can be added to the game anyhow, not immediately of course, in time but eventually.So, I'd like to talk about balance issue first of all. I generally face-up against many vs many match ups with full of super upgraded super retiarius' with high stats, within or after 100 days. This keeps me annoying since I like to take control of my gladiator early game, I pretty much do not lose any match up to 100 days. I start losing matches because enemy scale better than my gladiators and because ai doesn't need to upgrade stuff and since rewards are not scaling it's quite hard to keep up with it. Also It'd be better if we could select what kind of enemy to face because in late game you have no choice but to put your best gladiators on the line cause enemy is like beast near end game and if you lose a gladiator there's no turning back and you can't train another one quickly because opponent gladiators always toopowerful in late game.Also Exhibition matches quite far from satisfying. I can't restrain host most of the time and magistrate and legate constantly giving me super hard matches with no rewards at all. So most of my runs I completely had to ignore them. So a dead content here.Also, I want to be able select which type of match and what kind of difficulty I want to challange, so bigger risks bigger rewards issue. For example, If I select 1 gladiator for many vs many that'd be better If I get scaling rewards per number of enemy, or If I could defeat 5vs5 gauntlet match with only single gladiator then I should be able to get better stats reward.For second part, The thing I'll suggest is if you can, please bring specialisation... I want to specialise my gladiators or champion. Like, it can be more weapon types or armor types, or unique armor/weapon rewards like as cards. They can be master of 2h or dual wield. or master of sword and shield. or master of stats, such as master of defence and that gladiator will unlock special training types which will allow him to gain unique perks of that mastery. For example shield bash to stagger enemy maybe...Also that'd be great if there is fear factor for executioner type of armors. Because If I'm superior to my enemy by stats or weapon type etc... I want them to know that I'll crush them and ai should become intimidated from the devastatingly strong looking armor :D"
,Recommended,535230,32388129,Posted: 13 June,all,Ndensi,"Brilliant little game, feels like the best price/value i recently got. Love how active and communicative the Dev is. 40hrs in and still not bored; can't wait to see where this is headed."
76561198005500636,Recommended,535230,32396155,Posted: 13 June,all,widd3rmal,This is a wonderful game and the developer seems to bring out new updates every once in a while and he writes reasonably funny patch notes.So I recommend it :)
,Recommended,535230,32384763,Posted: 13 June,all,Rabi Ray Rana,Absoulutely amazing game.I love every single aspect of it.- Bloody awesome Dev- Epic Soundtrack- Great gameplayCheers Mate
76561198140753441,Recommended,535230,32404046,Posted: 13 June,all,Gungun101,Best game 2k17. 10/10 would die again
76561198054953420,Recommended,535230,32432795,Posted: 15 June,all,Dunkelstich,A very unique and fun game
,Recommended,535230,32786038,Posted: 25 June,all,Quant Liz Lemon,Charming
76561198075196526,Recommended,535230,32784729,Posted: 25 June,all,FetterGeneral,This game is a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it makes fun as hell
76561198173619303,Recommended,535230,32756513,Posted: 24 June,all,Sneezy,This is hands down one of my favorite games ive ever played. it is beyond satisfying to watch my gladiators fight. I hope to see more content come out soon. But i will continue to enjoy the replays of the game.
,Recommended,535230,32771916,Posted: 25 June,all,Alexi Ayres,Fun game to play over the weekend!
76561197967713205,Recommended,535230,32775231,Posted: 25 June,all,Red Cloud,"Great game, once you get the hang of it. Lots of blood & carnage, and it made me laugh out loud several times. A pleasant surprise was that it has some moral choices and some strategic thinking despite being brutal.It's not a game you will replay for years, but for a few hours of pure pleasure it's easily worth $10.Kudos to the creators for makign a little gem. Add some longevity to it and you will be able to sell it or a sequel for more gold. :)"
,Recommended,535230,32777138,Posted: 25 June,all,NeS |Manity| Sanity,Managed to beast the game in 2.3 hours. The sounds track is the stuff of indie legends enabling you to feel as though your filled with both adrenilin and speed.Pros- Overall the art style is appealing with the animations being wonderful.-While the concept sounding like a a teens ambitios sequel idea to the film Gladiator but actually being devolopedbeautifally into a well refined master peice- The sense of accomplishment the game gives can be addicting and immensly rewarding with every battle having you atthe edge of your seats while you may yell screen and jump in joy for your gladiotors it is indeed an experiance if its onlyfor a few hours.-My stradegy may have been forged the game to be slighltly demeaning to myself for that i put ALL my eggs into thegladitorial basket that was a man i rename GOD whose levels were in the 50's and armor costing more than all mygladiators.- A quick Fun game that doesnt recquire as much thought if you rely on the AIThe Cons being the-The longevity of the game is short and sweet. with my reliance on AI and my amusement of the depicted vioence iunfortnetly do not see my self playing this game again in the near future. its a simple stradegy game that enables timeto melt away with the since of accomplishments being crush as swift as their given.-I did find myelf having sound issues when large arena fights occurred with the it remnicant of a cicada digitallyrecreated and speed up for your ears.I would recomend buying this game on sale and not possibly gift it to a friend with Indie FeverThe game was a solid 7/10 with replay being the lethal factor
,Recommended,535230,32776878,Posted: 25 June,all,Rotten,most probably gonna try to be a rebel. butchered at once.feels like spartacus. kudos.
,Recommended,535230,32778381,Posted: 25 June,all,bigkr88,"Absolutely wonderful game to spend 20-30 minutes just planning and plotting.  Not a lot in the way of tutorials, it very much is a toss you into the deep end kind of game, but as i bought it for just a few dollars, I am definitely getting more than enough bang for my buck.  I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,535230,32780804,Posted: 25 June,all,blindcat420,awesome!!
,Recommended,535230,32759463,Posted: 25 June,all,Aronax,10/10.
76561197988174755,Recommended,535230,32757358,Posted: 24 June,all,N1. Nerdskies,5 bucks very well spent.
,Recommended,535230,32786656,Posted: 25 June,all,Phantomspacecop,"This is just straight up dumb fun. Sure, it's gorey in the context of history, but you know what, at the end of a long day, it's kind of nice to load up your ludus and send men off to die in various terrible ways, while carefully crafting a handful of magnificent beasts who will destroy anything in their path. If you like games like Pixel Piracy or even FTL which have a pretty simple yet entertaining management aspect to them, absolutely buy Dominus. Also, the soundtrack for this game is incredible. Like...it's gnarly AF. If you don't want to play the game, buy the soundtrack at LEAST, you won't regret it."
76561198021076645,Recommended,535230,32786748,Posted: 25 June,all,recurf,"fun for a couple hours, then gets boring"
,Recommended,535230,32786759,Posted: 25 June,all,DarkStar,Amazing game. Worth the purchase. Highly Recommend!
76561198047493311,Recommended,535230,32794795,Posted: 25 June,all,Unknown_Player,"Not a lot of actual play time to be had, but it leaves you wanting more because its such a fun game to play! WTB DLC!!"
,Recommended,535230,32793726,Posted: 25 June,all,PaszaVonPomiot,"This gaem is absolutely fantastic. There's nice plot, variety of different tactics you can have and it's difficult. It has some performance issue when there are more than 10 gladiators in the arena (especailly final battle is laggy). I would like to strongly encourage the devs to keep developing this game as it's so much fun. It has some replayability but it could be so much more. Here's my wish list:- stage your own battles and set your own rules like 1 vs 1, 2 vs 2, 1 vs lion- stage battles between your own gladiators- more lions- assign slaves to work- display all built things- more random events- unique characters- show better summary of skills for each gladiator- gladiators should aquire less skills from fights as they progress to prevent god-like gladiators- two other gladiator classes should be unlocked earlier- gladiators should take more sensible positions before fights- maybe exchange some insults between gladiators before the fight- possibility to skip boring countdown before fight- more arenas- make your gladiators stand out in one selected color- save game- is modding possible?Once again - congratulations for making a great game. For epic game see above :)"
76561198047028206,Recommended,535230,32751093,Posted: 24 June,all,Chambadon,"This game is very enjoyable. Simple and a bit repetitive, but fast paced and entertaining. Beat the campaign in about two hours, was pleased with the ending and look forward to replaying it and employing different strategies as far as training and outfitting and building upgrades goes. Charming pixelated gore, interesting story with real consequences based on your choices, witty writing and style, overall a wonderful little time waster."
,Recommended,535230,32672056,Posted: 23 June,all,Soob,"Its got just the right level of difficulty to keep you interested with a fantastic soundtrack to go along with it. Played through the main storyline twice so far, couldn't set it down once I started. Lots of game here with huge amounts of replay value for the 1/2 the price of most ""DLC"". Great game, definitely recommend."
76561198007241368,Recommended,535230,32751183,Posted: 24 June,all,DrHots,"A litteral two days before the main championship, my utter wrecking ball of a main slave, Marucs, ran away. This led to complete destruciton of my entire ludus, including the lion. It was such an unexpected turn of events, and my own fault for relying too heavily on one Gladiator. A mistake I wont make again.10/10 would get destroyed again."
76561198201717891,Recommended,535230,32747092,Posted: 24 June,all,Blóm stúlka,"Don't know if you should buy Domina ? Then, here's your sign : BUY IT LIKE RIGHT NOW.AWESOME MUSIC, EPIC FIGHTS AND MORE WONDERFUL THINGS <3"
76561197970752601,Recommended,535230,32754997,Posted: 24 June,all,TikijoeTots,"Would pay biggg money if you could hire a team and turn this into a full fleshed out game. Could you see it? 3d kick♥♥♥♥♥models that you train up, complicated management and long drawn out battles.By itself, it''s a great concept, if the dev took it all the way, he would be a millionair. :)Great game, I'm addicted already."
76561198013132245,Recommended,535230,31312872,Posted: 22 April,all,huminado,"Blood.  I can almost smell it coming out of my monitor into the room - a pixelated low-res smell - but blood nonetheless.Sweat.  My slaves wipe it off after their workouts into little jars that we sell at the marketplace for erectile dysfunction disorder treatment.Tears.  After weeks of training, and slowly building up the stats and armor of my best warrior - he is smitten only moments before winning the match.Fun.  Death, wine, perfumed women of ill repute, blood, intimidation, monsters, technology trees, economics, frantic chaos!Save.  Quit the game.  Eat lunch.  Buy groceries.  Go meditate.  Come back and open the game and resume play!  Amazing!-------------------------------------------------------Update:After about 12 total hours game time (they don't show because I was playing offline), I finally beat the game.  The logistics required to win are quite satisfying, and the story ending is light and thoughtful.Logistics-wise, the board ""engine"" needs to be tuned a certain way which seems to make which people you hire very important, along with making good choices about which battles to fight, which ones to avoid, and how to go about avoiding them.The flavor added by the storyline is nice too, because the game mechanic requires making some not-so-ethical choices in order to survive.  There's no mention that getting into the business of human slave-trading and murder will lead to such brutal choices - i.e. the cause and effect isn't explained by the game.  Other than that little quibble, this game is fully 2 enthusiastic thumbs up!"
,Recommended,535230,32753217,Posted: 24 June,all,Ol' Pocket Turtles,"enjoying this quite a bit. wish the combat was a bit more balanced, but hey people in hell want ice water. great little game"
76561198257369564,Recommended,535230,32756173,Posted: 24 June,all,gildbug,"difficult game but great once you learn how to play it the final stage is incredibly difficult for me at least just because im not great at controlling my character ;; other than that the soundtrack, plot and strategy is 8/10"
,Recommended,535230,32754865,Posted: 24 June,all,Vîtellus,Train meatsacks to kill other meatsacks.Sometimes own meatsacks die.So is life.Get more meatsacks to train.Repeat.Fun.
,Recommended,535230,32746291,Posted: 24 June,all,Grenden,"Has potential, but the gameplay is unbalanced. All of the opponents seem to scale with my strongest gladiator, which means I don't get a chance to use any of my other ones. Also, having a guy crit my best gladiator resulting in an instant kill is not fun."
,Recommended,535230,31634226,Posted: 8 May,all,Bodge,"Fantastic game, cant stop playing it even in the late gameIts got that XCOM type feeling where you become really personally connected to one of your soldiers, only to see him cut in half or complain that he wants freedom and get all angry when you refuse and send him to die. ♥♥♥♥ you Hostius, I brought that bard just to keep you happy and it still wasnt enough. I thought we had something.Great game"
76561198092536537,Recommended,535230,32864361,Posted: 27 June,all,TrustyPeacemaker,"When my friends ask me how I am doing when i'm playing Domina I reply with""I've been training gladiators to shed blood for me in the depths of an arena to ultimately train for their demise at the championship gladitorial event in which many of men will die in a shower of blood and heads""""overall fine""Domina 10/10 would murder lions before my actual opponent again"
,Recommended,535230,32880052,Posted: 27 June,all,Hyde,Its a great game
76561198033104562,Recommended,535230,32864475,Posted: 27 June,all,Commander386,Fun Game
,Recommended,535230,32834796,Posted: 26 June,all,Eveny,10/10 shaped a man into a unkillable speed demon a god of death His Name Grim Reaper the final of his kind many grim reapers were chosen before him and ultimatly failed me every time but this man has proven to be a TRUE GOD OF DEATH
,Recommended,535230,32880889,Posted: 27 June,all,Sluipkots,It's very nice.
,Recommended,535230,32945174,Posted: 28 June,all,Krobon,"First off, I'd like to say that I am not generally a fan of the pixelated artstyle and it took me a little while to adjust to the gameI will say however that after that, I really enjoyed the game, I played the normal game twice and got a good ending the second time around, it's a fairly easy game from what I have experienced but it is thoroughly enjoyable seeing your little gladiators kicking the living hell out of everything they encounter, especially if you focus training on only two or three of them.My gripes are that once you really focus a single character, you never encounter any fights that make your lower ranked Gladiators a viable option, so you're always stuck using one or two gladiators.But for 4,99 it was well worth the buy, I can imagine I'll play the endless mode for quite some time as well."
,Recommended,535230,32847841,Posted: 27 June,all,rusty_dragon,Good game. But very brutal.
76561197973842743,Recommended,535230,32835010,Posted: 26 June,all,Yellowbeard,"""Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."" - Clare Boothe Luce""Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler."" - Albert EinsteinThe game as well as the soundtrack are both perfect, nothing needed, nothing superfluous.  Will buy again if 'remastered'....but only if its the graphics.....if anything else is altered.....I will not buy again."
76561198059652742,Recommended,535230,32831464,Posted: 26 June,all,sjbclaeys,"This is impressive.The game could use a better tutorial, but the music, violence, simplicity and suspense hit the sweet spot!Totally worth the money."
76561198065510967,Not Recommended,535230,32831393,Posted: 26 June,all,josephcamacho123,"It's a fun game but not much else too it: You train your gladiators and let them fight in an arena Rinse and Repeat.  Both game modes (Story & Endless) are both identical except in length.  In story mode you have until a year(around 300 days) to train all your gladiators to compete in a roman championship to decide the who has the strongest gladiators. While in Endless mode you pretty much do the same thing except take out the Roman championship and thats it.The game can get repetetive at times and the gratification from a victory can feel shortlived I'd say its a fun enough game when it does decide to challenge you such as in the variety in arena combat.  Unlike most gladiator games you can't control your gladiators from the get go you have to ""learn"" that ability from a ""Doctore"" and although this ability is fairly easy to get your gladiator is still weak as♥♥♥♥♥♥so you'll have to train them nonthless to be somewhat useful.  The process to train your galdiators is somewhat boring since all you have to do it modify a slider on their character screen and right click on them until they train in that ability and usually this process takes forever.  There is a way to get around this and thats the combat, whenever you win a fight you rewards are as follows: Gold, Water,Food,Wine,Jupiter cards,and Slaves but along with these rewards you will also gain increases in your gladiator's abilities, depending on which one was used to fight (and survived) while this is incentive to fight more often your gladiators can also die losing all the progress you had with that gladiator or you can make them surrender and then they'll only lose their morale, health(which can be healed same as morale), and their equipment.  The way your gladiator loses can seem a bit heavy handed but i does little to gameplay you still have the same stats and other than the equipment you dont really lose anything longterm.Overall I like the game as a quick arcade game that offers a quick fix in fun in terms of building up and managing a team of gladiators, but falls short in terms of replayability.  Maybe if there were some sort of rare loot drop aside from the jupiter cards like rare equipment and heavier consequences to your gladiators after each loss I'd play this game longer but other than that I can't recommend this game unless its on sale."
76561198047550289,Recommended,535230,32833547,Posted: 26 June,all,Komoku,Addictive
76561198002038342,Recommended,535230,32833096,Posted: 26 June,all,ns,"This is an easy purchase, especially on sale.Really fun little game - does it have endless depth? No. Is it a bit hard to get the hang of? Yes.Aside from that, it's awesome. Fun concept, great art style, and the music is sick. I really hope they do more with the endless mode (and it looks like they are) but what's in here is well worth your time.Highly recommended, go get it if you're remotely interested."
,Recommended,535230,32833529,Posted: 26 June,all,Slif,"Here's the down and dirty for this game IMOPros:-You really feel the risk of it--you'll lose so many good gladiotors that every match will leave your heart pounding-Genuinely fun for ~6-8 hoursCons:-Pretty much no late game at all. Once you get a gladiator to have over 200 in each stat category, they're invincible.-You never experience a challenge once you get truly skilled gladsOverall, it's still fun and especially with sale prices worth a buy for at least a day's worth of fun."
76561197970688150,Recommended,535230,32831818,Posted: 26 June,all,HysTriX,5 minutest after starting the game for the first time.I draw a match where I have to fight a decked out gladiator and two lions.I have no chance - so I tossed my least valuable slave into the pit.He ran and ran...suddenly one of the lions breaks lose and charges right at the opposing gladiator...He is mauled to death. I win.Money well spent.
,Recommended,535230,32832060,Posted: 26 June,all,ho13k,Great game and great music from bignic.
,Recommended,535230,32828549,Posted: 26 June,all,Delikaya,Fast paced and super fun game. Playtime of the campaign was 2.5 hours for me. 10/10 would play again
76561198004791299,Recommended,535230,32896624,Posted: 27 June,all,OGK_Demipimp,Well I like it a lot everything wrong with it was conuter acted by its priceI feel like this game would have gone harder if they would have set up ranking system for your slaves like for ex a rank a can only fight a rank a  that way I wont have to only play my strogest in the pit
,Recommended,535230,32899240,Posted: 27 June,all,Graycor,"This game is awesome. There are some optimization problems. For example, with 32gb ram, ssd, gtx 1060, etc, if I try to run a 10v10 battle it goes f'king bonkers. The last match of the game when you're fighting as domina w/ all your freed slaves made me think it was gonna crash lol but it didn't and I got to the credits. It's also a pretty f'king difficult game in an unnecessary way."
,Recommended,535230,32919960,Posted: 28 June,all,blink.,glorious.
,Not Recommended,535230,32915756,Posted: 27 June,all,Skeletor,"The bad thing about Steam is the Yes/No rating system, if I could, I'd give this game a 7 alone on the things I like about it, but..The game lacks in clarity, launching into a ""tutorial"" that explains almost none of the internal mechanics or reasoning: this guy sells you slaves, which are weaker than this guy's soldiers, this guy trains all of them, there are some sliders that definitely affect the character somehow.It's a quick unlock to actually control your gladiators, but there's no explanation as to how the mechanics of combat work, at least not that I could find.Cool concept, great OST, game itself seems kinda solid in it's minamilst execution, I just don't want to go look up videos and forum posts to understand how to make Mario get passed the first goomba."
,Recommended,535230,32915558,Posted: 27 June,all,VictoryinChrist,"The game has enough content to keep you pulled in for a few hours but it does feel limited.Very bare bones at this point, but I do see potential.Needs more classes, weapons, ludus customization would be nice.Being able to get the big guys you see fighting the champions would be BAMore animal combatants. Lions were great.Legendary gear as a reward would be a cool touch. Maybe set pieces from fighting the regional champions.Lots of potential."
,Not Recommended,535230,32914379,Posted: 27 June,all,Hawki_ice,"Extreamly unbalanced, Game scales off your best fighter and training takes so long your others can never catch up so as soon as you lose them to rng its game over, Really poorly balanced, such a shame as it seemed to have such potential."
76561198102261779,Recommended,535230,32900979,Posted: 27 June,all,tucker.bird,"This game is awesome.  The attention to detail that has been taken in this game is second to none.  Lots of customizable gear and skills.  The game can be a little grindy, but like FTL there is much replay value  as there are things to develop.  I love watching the AI fight. In some fights is awesome to see a gladiator refine their tactics!   The  attributes of each gladiator really impacts how they behave.  Gives them personality and causes you to truly mourn losing champions.  Strong recommendation!"
,Recommended,535230,33051375,Posted: 30 June,all,Toalhäo,Great game
,Recommended,535230,33042602,Posted: 30 June,all,DukeFlow,Fun lil game to kill time with. Then you get hooked andnever stop killing time. Im homeless now.
76561198273287950,Recommended,535230,33042518,Posted: 30 June,all,gxq1203,"unexpected fun little game, well worth five bucks"
76561197970337176,Recommended,535230,33057416,Posted: 30 June,all,Leo .es,Great game.
,Recommended,535230,33057599,Posted: 30 June,all,☭☭_YoloMcSwagMuffins_☭☭,10/10 best ending
76561198069428519,Recommended,535230,33058024,Posted: 30 June,all,[Renovinous],good game
76561198083704814,Recommended,535230,33064992,Posted: 30 June,all,emboli,Loving this game. Such awesomeness watching your gladiators grow and combat crazy opponents from Rome
,Recommended,535230,33062474,Posted: 30 June,all,PapaJohn,This game does not really hold your hand.  After attempting a new game several times I finally beat the game!  Congrats to the developer for such a good game!  I was surprised!
,Recommended,535230,33062144,Posted: 30 June,all,Marijuana Merlin,"Ever immagined owning, training and then putting a bunch of Teddy Roosevelt like galdiators in a colluseme and see what happens?Look no further."
,Recommended,535230,33056942,Posted: 30 June,all,theKLAW,"TL;DR- Great game with replayability at a good price. 10/10One of my new favorite management games. It presents many different realistic scenarios in the game, along with the obvious awesome gladiator fights. I paid 4.99 as opposed to the full 9.99, but the 9.99 pricetag is still worth it. The developer has said that he is looking into multiplayer, which would be SICK. Haven't found any bugs as of yet. 10/10"
76561197970616042,Recommended,535230,33050302,Posted: 30 June,all,MimikOctopus,This game is worth the price for the soundtrack alone. The game is also a ton of fun and highly replayable.
76561198152144712,Recommended,535230,33052135,Posted: 30 June,all,bibibibibi,Game is great when you use the AI fighters.
,Recommended,535230,33056391,Posted: 30 June,all,Dice-Crow,"Domina is not a game for everyone, it has a bit of a learning curve but ultimatly even in defeat it can be quite rewarding. If you like games such as Darkest dungeon or xcom the resource management and training of gladiators will be a great way to pass some time. Combat in the game ranges from drawn out stressful fights to some very quick second long fights and in my opinion thats really great. The art is fitting and works well with the gameplay and the soundtrack is worth getting even though I myself don't have the cash to grab it right away."
,Recommended,535230,33056470,Posted: 30 June,all,Ordo Malleus,"Have one main guy, restart when he dies. 10/10Genuinely love it!"
76561198012509147,Recommended,535230,33038742,Posted: 30 June,all,I.Ken,"For the price, this game is a must buy.There are points that have been mentioned many times previously and so I won't go into much detail.If you are looking for something just to waste some time and keep you entertained. This game can easily fill that role.I would recommend not using the mind control and just let the AI do its thing, makes for much more interesting matches."
,Recommended,535230,33014788,Posted: 29 June,all,Cerlin,"That was a crazy run though. I played through my first campaign but I lost.I am ready to try it again.The building of your characters is fun. Managing your house is interesting. The moral choices you make are funky and matter. The main character is a chick and it feels like the game is going to be ""social justice-y"" but get to the end...the payoff is very meta."
76561198102747029,Recommended,535230,33030844,Posted: 30 June,all,viper6660,Love this game
76561198068811859,Recommended,535230,33016075,Posted: 29 June,all,DLC,Outstanding game and soundtrack.
,Recommended,535230,33014633,Posted: 29 June,all,Kivorkian,"Pretty good game overall... but let me justify that statement.Premise: (Action, Stragegy, Simulation, RPG, Rogue-lite)You run your own gladiator business with the goal of winning the championship and surviving.- Choose their classes. (There are 4)- Train and equip them with armor and weapons. (Individual gladiator stat managment)- Add ability cards for bonuses such as ""Gladiator loses 1/2 HP but gets 500% more damage. (up to 4 cards per gladiator)- Pit them against other gladiators in 1 vs 1, multi vs multi, 1 vs multi and other various modes. (modes are randomly selected)- Participate in battles within the Championship, underground fights, standard event battles or by setting up fights with other NPC's gladiators/slaves.NOTE: This game has the unique ability to change how the game is played.  You can beat it by letting the AI control the combat or if you unlock the skill for mind control you can then play in the arena yourself with a selected gladiator.  Having this option allows players to decide how they want to play (ie: I didn't control any of my gladiators when I beat the game for the first time and was fully satisfied with the outcome and experience getting there; however it did require close attention to my gladiators core stats when I acquired them such as if they tend to turtle or are much more aggressive.)  This leads to very interesting matches that require you to consider the ""what if X happens"" of the AI but is not unfair.1.) Graphics/Fidelity (4/5)- Looks great but can be difficult to distinguish between gladiators.  Plenty of execution animations with limbs and heads flying off.  I personally love this art style as it gets the detail across enough to cut all the fat out.  Frame rates can drop significantly if your training grounds are full (developer is currently working this one out.)  I have primarily seen these types of issues in the Endless mode but this is to be expected since this mode is experimental for the moment.  This is not a game with high fidelity, no pixel art game will be for obvious reasons.2.) Interface (4/5)- Easy to learn, fairly clean and to the point. Intuitive to the point where you won't be asking what everything is as the roll over text can/will assist.  Unfortunately, there is an issue with the armor section when equipping your gladiators and will sometimes lead to clicking the wrong section.  This could easily be fixed by aligning the gear boxes into rows and columns but it's a minor annoyance.  Another minor annoyance/preference is how the gladiators are ordered; I would have preferred the ordering to follow standards such as a book (top to bottom, left to right in rows) but instead they seem to be arranged by... level?)3.) Sound/Music (3/5)- I find the sound effects to be spot on, music was average and fit the minimalist style of pixel art games.4.) Gameplay (4/5)- The gameplay is great when I compare it to something like a Plague Inc. and gets better when you introduce the ability to take over in the action but... the combat on the keyboard wasn't intuitive and required me to go into the options to find out what the key binds were (pretty typical these days with indie developers but at least they were there.)- Doesn't appear to have controller support which would have made the title much more accessible and easier/quicker to pick up and play.- Combat can feel like you're floating around or sliding on ice at times but this only happens a little and based on the rest of the game mechanics, it was intended and works well.- Gladiator stats and gear are great RPG additions and add depth towards the end game content.- Stat balancing is good enough as it's a single player game.- Ability cards are also a good addition.  This was nicely balanced as even the NPCs can use them however I do wish the core combat skills were not locked until mid-game due to upgrade times.- All animations are appropriate and feel like they belong.- Classes are fairly balanced, polearms appear to have a very distinct advantage and should have been revisited since only 1 class can use polearms and nets.  There are 2 items in the progression tree pertaining to this class in order to be capable of defending against this class when no other class has these types of barriers.  Perhaps this was intended though.- The other game mechanics fit right in and are a healthy addition as they can add flavor to the mix of the playthrough due to random generation of certain assets (ie: ability cards, slaves, gladiators, matches, etc.)5.) Overall (4/5)- It was a great game that has a level of immersion that I seldom see in games.  From building your gladiators up, losing your most beloved one to a mistake you made previously to the combat, this is a fairly well balanced game with great potential for crazy situations to play out.  I loved the art direction, the sounds were fitting and more importantly memorable, the gameplay was challenging and gave me options on how I preferred to beat it (Micromanagement or general... I chose general at first.)6.) Buy at full price or on sale?  I would purchase at either (I paid full) as most games are not as well done as this one, considering all that is going on and how much control you have over your resources makes for various play styles.  Compared to most indie titles, this one is on par with games like Axiom Verge or Stardew Vally regarding its team size and production quality and the developer appears to still be refining it after release which is appreciated and shows that they care about the title itself.""Meats was not the best gladiator.  After many losses which caused me to frantically click to save his worthless life, he finally caught a break and received an ability card that would help him with his weapon training.  Soon Meats would go on to almost single handedly bring down the colosseum championship but he impregnated one of my slaves and I accidently sentenced him to death.  I still received the good ending but it sure created a wrinkle in my operations for the next 100+ days... My bad Meats."""
,Recommended,535230,33012552,Posted: 29 June,all,(Собака) DogGandalf,All my good gladiators are dead and I only own a lion and a couple slaves. I say F*ck it I guess I will try to beat a boss. I send in everyone I have. The lion kills the boss while the slaves surround him and distract him. Great time waster for the price. 8/10
76561198005288135,Recommended,535230,31070948,Posted: 10 April,all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"nice pixel art, awesome sounds & music, great roguelikestylea game takes around 3h+ (depends on difficulty, higher difficult, less time (days are shorter for actions))... so no save needed. take a beer, take some popcorn & enjoy to send man into death..."
,Recommended,535230,31070115,Posted: 10 April,all,blackpony777,"First and foremost, this game does NOT have a save feature. Nonetheless, this is a great game. It's a management game with a unique concept. You can take control of a fighter if you wish, but I elected to not do this option since I preferred to solely manage. The game has fun decisions and choices to make that will directly alter your success. This is a great time-sink game that I would argue is a must buy. HOWEVER, this game does not have a save feature at this time. Now the game isn't long so it could be much worse. Nonetheless, this is extremely frustrating. For example, I was one day away from the final fight and my game crashed. Thus, I lost all the time and work I put into the game. All in all, this game is a fun time and I would give it an 8/10 if I ignore the save issue. Including the save issue, this game is a 5/10 at this time. If you do not have the time to sit and finish the game from start to finish, do not purchase. I do still recommend this game and hope that the save issue will be resolved soon."
,Recommended,535230,31064571,Posted: 10 April,all,superseyien,Domina is a simulator game of gladiator House.you can play the game in two type of ways:1. Al controlled battles where you have litle to no influence.2. Player controlled character(singular) where you have high influence in the battle.You have a year to prepear for the championchip! after that its gameover!The game makes you manage a ludus(you household) and its a good simulator.(The game is in early beta and is due to change!)For the Pros/Cons +/-+good theme+addictive gameplay+fun runs+ok story system+good typs of NPC selection-stat is cunfusing and if they have little in agro or other stats that can't be trained up!-slaves are not good enoff for all of the game run. I just buy gladiators from the Legitos!-pop upp window takes you by suprise.(I have freed my camp once >:( i didn't mean to but you can click on the window before you know whats what)-bad freindly AI controlled gladiatior.(mostly in the start)tip if you like to keep youre camp alive after a pit fight (if youre enamy starts with half hp you have to surrender or you are going to gett sniped in two hits its a special card adds +500% attack but can't heal more then half hp!)
76561198005907490,Not Recommended,535230,31068311,Posted: 10 April,all,Oggy,"It's FAR too random. even on easy, you will lose a 5 vs 1 battle against a dude with a wooden sword just because RNJesus said so. Nothing is explained and you will have to learn by repeated trial an error. This game has a LOT of potential and it's very fun at times but, as it is now, the game is not worth your money."
76561198064034738,Recommended,535230,31064724,Posted: 10 April,all,cowen,"the game is really fun. there is no higher feeling than having a champion who bests everyone. but you should play the game in easy mode, otherwise it gets frustrating fast. not having a save feature dosnt bother me too much. it's more about playing than progressing. so i dont feel bad about starting a new game. the dev is trying to implement a savegame in the future, taking away the only nagative point about the game."
76561198020124520,Recommended,535230,31065634,Posted: 10 April,all,Delamay,Had tons of fun with this despite the lack of save. The art and music are superb. Gameplay is that of a management game.
,Recommended,535230,31003552,Posted: 7 April,all,JB.JajeBooo,"Owned this for 24 hours, already love it. Literally the exact kind of title that I've been looking for. However the game seems to get a lot of flak due to the lack of save games - but I think that's part of what makes it fun, challenging, and fresh every time.I am very entertained!...but all jokes aside, this game is wicked fun, pick it up. $10 is a steal!"
76561197965443216,Not Recommended,535230,31004760,Posted: 7 April,all,Danegeld,It worked the first time i wanted to play but now it keeps on crashing in the loading screenYou really need a save feature because its very irritating to restart over and over
76561198001414649,Not Recommended,535230,31053006,Posted: 9 April,all,Day Old Pizza,"This is game is fun, but has a number of issues. While I want to recommend this game, I simply can't. The lack of saves, and terrible tutorial are major issues. The game basically explains very few things, it doesn't tell you how the stats work, which classes should priorities which stats, and the random nature of the ""jupiter's blessing"" card system, and the stats of slaves, are major issue (if you have particularly bad luck, you may just outright lose your first two fighters in their 1st matches).You'll probably be figuring out what a lot of things do, the first dozen sessions or so, and it's unlikely you'll even make it to the finals in your first session. I didn't even know weight was even a major factor, until I say someone else explain it to be, whom also had to have explained to them.Forgetting the save issue, If the devs can just give a bit more information to the players, it would improve the gameplay experience tremendously.I'll change my stance, if the devs makes some basic fundimental changes to the game. For $10 Canadian, it just isn't worth the price, in its current form.tl;dr The tutorial needs a complete overhaul, and more stat explanations need to be given to the players."
76561197995274610,Recommended,535230,31012883,Posted: 8 April,all,Rom916,Awesome game! I love the soundtrack and the art is really cool.
76561198008582160,Recommended,535230,31028966,Posted: 8 April,all,TheMetalfreak360,"There are issues with the game, like I cannot make sense of the gladiators and the AI in general. Like the top review byMaster Debater says: ""Overwhelmingly what I see is that no matter the opponents stats, the enemy AI will attack first and faster as well as dodge and block more more effectively. I have had gladiators who weigh less, have higher aggro, higher AI skill, and higher agility than the opponent who do not even get a single hit on them, because they are repeatedly struck with attacks that are commited with higher frequency AND swung more quickly than they are able to perform.""This is my exact same experience.But it dosen't mean it isn't fun, and that is the most important thing. The music and the game itself is really good. And it is very low in price. Honestly I personally recommend it despite its obvious flaws."
,Recommended,535230,31085349,Posted: 11 April,all,SithWizard,"This is a fun little hidden gem.  Currently it has some bugs as the game has just been released, however they are patching as I type this.  Become the ludas and give this game a try, it is fun.  This game has integrat5ed twitch stream interaction! Super cool.  I like this game and want to see it grow with improvements.WishlistImprove graphics, at least go from atari to sega genesis quality lolAbility to build larger ludas and have more employees hired (say up to 5). after various upgrades."
76561198026074229,Not Recommended,535230,31088588,Posted: 11 April,all,It's Mer!,"An interesting premise that I wish I liked more. Train gladiators for battle, equip them, feed them, all while bribing council members for favors with wine. Sounds a lot more interesting than it actually was for me. The battles are brutal but I guess too fast paced for my liking, the gladiators just kind of run into each other looking like the pile of pixels they are. I can see how the no save feature would be a deal breaker to many."
,Recommended,535230,31088157,Posted: 11 April,all,Chris (CHA),"I'll keep this brief.This game is a fun pixel-based management/combat game. It's got a terrific soundtrack, and that alone should get your attention. The twitch integration is interesting and amazingly fun if you've got a decent amount of friends to watch you play. If you've got an actual audience (30+), this game can get really interesting!However, there is one issue that has been plaguing this game's reviews: No saves.Fear not, for there is NOW A SAVE FEATURE, (however this is only if your game crashes).With that in mind, make sure you have 2-3 hours of time to play. You can still pause the game and easily tab out of it."
76561198071743268,Recommended,535230,31073171,Posted: 10 April,all,xetonicx,"bought it, stayed up until I beat the game.Some take aways-Restarted 3x because the game crashed and it doesnt have a save feature.-Very fun/addictive-Great replay value-Plot twist endingWorth the buy, assuming the Dev will keep working to make the game live up to its true potential."
76561198001893242,Recommended,535230,31075578,Posted: 11 April,all,MAGA MAN,"In this game you play a recently new owner of a Ludus (gladiator school) with little provisions and a small group of gladiators. The goal is to train your men and win 9 boss matches within a small time limit. You will periodically be challenged to take part in smaller fights arranged by a politician or general in whitch have random elements such as how many people participating, if any are chained up, rewards, ect. The out come of these matches depends greatly on how much you gain the favor or distain of either organizer and how well trained and equiped your gladiators are.  The writing and story (although very little of it exisit) is very reminiscent of the tv show Spartacus. Playtime is around 2 hours.The Good:-Music is outstanding-Combat is very difficult but rewarding.-procedurally generated content such as matches, gladiators, events, ect-Ludus managment is great fun (buying equipment, trainers, upgrades for your school.)-Some replayablilty-Very gory with dismemberment at times.The Bad:-No save Feature-Only a hour or two of gamplay.-Combat is too fast.-No execution moves.-Not much variety in were fights take place.-Gladiators should be spaced out more. When it's 15vs15 they all start out in a big blob."
,Recommended,535230,31088098,Posted: 11 April,all,Moore2257,"I gotta give this game a recommend, even without a save function, its still a damn fine piece of work! The art is great, music is great, and i love a good sim game.People gotta have something to complain about though.Guess if i had to, it would be it does feel a bit short, would love to see an endless mode or an option that lets you choose the number of years you get to play.All in all, good start!"
,Recommended,535230,31089289,Posted: 11 April,all,Dark Realos,"Great game, been awhile since ive picked up a game had so much fun and didnt want to stop to i beat the game.all thats left is achievements :).The game is unique sim game which allows you to control the gladiators if you like, havent tried as i prefer sim is great fun but does lack a save feature(atm). the dev is always updating the game and has updates lined up for me this game gets 8/10 could possible higher in future with updates.£6.99 can you really go that wrong?"
76561198139391207,Recommended,535230,31088631,Posted: 11 April,all,ObZen,Better than any other gladiator sim i know of.
,Recommended,535230,31107727,Posted: 12 April,all,M.O.R.D,"If you aren't a play for 20 minutes and go kind of gamer by choice or not then this game isn't(yet) for you. But if you aren't and are even remotely interested in this game i'd recommend it for sure and here is why.This game is a brutal rogue-like gladiator manager/fighter. You can choose to learn to play as your gladiators manually or train the ai to control them. I enjoy being able to mix it up and jump from either or on any given playthrough.The game only lasts around 2 hours(if you don't smash your keyboard after your best gladiator gets ripped apart first.) The game is highly replayable mainly for the fact it's very difficult to beat but also just for the pure charm and fun of watching your little gladiators fight. Also the music in this game is really good, Bignic has always been a solid listen for me.The main reason i see people having a problem with it is for the fact it has no real save option and is meant to be played in one sitting at a time. Also i wish there was a little more depth in the management aspect as well as possibly some sort of free play mode. That being said the story is replayable enough for now. The game can be unforgiving and hard as hell so if you're not the type who can deal with defeat and retry over and over then maybe give this one a pass. But if you want a challenging and fun gladiator manager with a kickass soundtrack and all the 8-bit gore you could ask for, this is your game."
,Not Recommended,535230,31498146,Posted: 1 May,all,Blare Green,"****IN CURRENT STATE I DONT RECOMEND GAME, NOT YET ANYWAY, MAYBE AFTER THE DEVS ADD SOME THINGS AND FIX SOME ISSUES****Ok, I will be as objective as possible with this game. The premise is you will get slaves you can train to use as gladiators in an arena to fight other gladiators with the potential to win money and other smaller prizes with which you can upgrade your current gladiators to fight better in the next battle, keep your gladiators well fed and watered, bribe officials and the like, and buy new slaves and/ or soldiers to use as new gladiators.Pros:-Really good and refershing concept for a game.-Some of the BEST in game music, 10/10, up there with DOOM 2016 (in my opinion)-Graphics looks awesome, a great pixle art game.-Its fun to get into and try to figure out, ( I know, sounds weird to say, but I enjoyed figuring things out by my self and strategizing in-between fights)Cons:-Even after you start to figure out the game, there is no way to turn down the difficulty enough for a begginer play trying to get through their first play through.-Really quickly you figure out that *IT DOESNT MATTER WHAT YOU DO, YOU WILL LOOSE EVERYTHING FOR NO REASON OTHER THAN THE GAME HATES YOU*. Real talk here though folks, the game is all randomly generated and not very well so theres a lot of times where you will just loose and you will be sitting there looking at your screen thinking ""What in the name of Holy Batman just f*cking happened...""-There needs to be more than one kind of playthrough. There's only one game type which is seriously short, and its pretty lame because of the time limit mixed with randomly generated bullsh*t numbers, your game will end too fast too soon and leave a bitter taste in your mouth because all the time you just sank into the game will feel like it was for nothing.I could go on a little more, but I think that ultimately there needs to be some more, I mean, a LOT more, development put into the game before releasing it for any kind of money. It feels like its still in its early access stage and I would be pretty dissapointed if the devs left the game in its current state without fixing some issues and adding more content.I'm going to hold onto the game in case the devs add more and fix some stuff, I just dont think the game is worth buying right now."
76561197983825178,Recommended,535230,31515973,Posted: 2 May,all,PIK (PIK_Twitch),"This is fun =DGood example how an Indiedeveloper doing a lot of stuff much better then the big ones.But to tell the truth, this game isnt even close to be finished. So why they cant call it ""Early Access""?Had a lot of performance problems in the late game, around 70-60 days before the endfight its getting rly annoying if you call a lot of gladiators your own. Then the mouse starting to lagging around, and you cant handle everything fast enough and the time is running.....If I ignore this problems, the game is rly amazingPixelart is cool, the gameplay is simple but not boring, a lot black humor and blood, Soundtrack is the best i heard this year.This game feels for me a little bit like back in the 90s when we where sitting in front of our 15"" crt's and where playing doom and mortal combat =DRly NiceLets hope for incoming performance patches and may a few more gamemodes."
76561198032257247,Recommended,535230,31516756,Posted: 2 May,all,mjk234,"Don't let the 8-bit look of this game fool you.  It has an incredible amount of depth and is hopelessly addicting once you get into it.  This is very much a ""roguelike"" game where you're furiously heading for a ""final dungeon"" and any misstep can be the difference between success and failure.The game meshes the best parts of a ""tycoon"" simulator with roguelike games.  The best way I can describe it is ""FTL"" meets ""Darkest Dungeon"" set in Ancient Rome.  The game is all about training up gladiators to send them into fights, and with the A.I. controlling both your Gladiators and the enemy, you never know what is going to happen when the combatants enter the arena.  Sprinkle in elements of resource management, politics, upgrades, and random events, and you get a game that never fails to both entertain and frustrate on extreme levels.Domina is a game you will rage quit frequently, especially when a Gladiator you've sunk a ton of time and money into unexpectedly gets killed or runs away, leaving you high and dry.  However, once you learn the ins-and-outs of the game, you'll begin to enjoy it's core gameplay and become addicted to it, even if you still get frustrated every now and again.  But this also means each game session is unique and fun.There is still much that can be done with this game, and hopefully the developer continues to improve it.  But as it stands, Domina is a fun and addictive game that I've sunk more hours into than I care to admit.  I'm very happy that I purchased it and gave it a shot.  After a couple of disheartening playthroughs where I had my butt handed to me, I began to learn how the game worked and started to have a lot of fun with it.  If you can get past this learning curve, chances are you'll like it too."
76561198193588259,Recommended,535230,30971059,Posted: 5 April,all,LitShadowOfLight,"The Crowd Crys For BloodThis game is really fun! On the day it released I spent 5.8hrs straight on the game. It is quite difficult but thats fine for me... but there is options to make it more difficult or less difficult. Now with just over 12hrs spent on the game it has become quite easy as i've learned what to do.The people you can hire also varies from a person that makes it so that you can do automatic upgrades and automatic weapon and armor repair to a person that can pray to selectRoman Godsto give your gladiators buffs. The weapons and armor also vary but I found that I could upgrade two of my guys to max gear in just 90 (ingame) days.What I also like about this game is the skills you can unlock. Theres quite a few of them and depending on what path you go you can unlock two new types of gladiators. Speaking of the gladiator classes, 3 of them to be precise, I found that they have their own drawbacks and strengths but farely balanced.The music for this game is really unique and nice to listen to but I think the price of the soundtrack is a little overpriced, granted you don't have to buy it. Also kudos to the dev for making the soundtrack to the game by himself!This game doesn't have a save feature though, it isn't a problem for me, but I understand that most people have lives, unlike me, and don't have time to sit 2hrs straight and complete a game. There is a kind of a save feature, if your game crashes it makes a backup save and you can go back into the game and continue. There is also a way around that. If you open up your tast manager, for those who don't know you press Ctrl+Alt+Delete and when the screen pops up click on ""Start Task Manager"", you can end the process through there and it will make a save of the previous day. But I wouldn't mind if there was an auctual in game save and quit feature, it doesn't really effect me but it would be nice.9/10 I would like to see more weapons, armor and more classes of gladiators but overall this is a pretty fun small game."
,Recommended,535230,31534572,Posted: 3 May,all,ToastyMedic,"Just my Casual Review of a game I recomendThis is a True Rouge-Like game, and it somewhat reminds me of FTL: Faster Than LightLets make this a Pro and Con list, and I'll try to stay as Un-biased as I can.Pro's+Nice Pixel art+You can make your own Choices during in-game events+Quite a few in-game events, and there will be more added+Saving Feature that works just fine+Its Price is Nice+Aceptable Replayability+Nice Combat system with ballence to it+Awsome Dev who is Honest with the community+Hidden secret's all over inside the game, hey I warned you!+ChallengingThis one I want to talk about some more, because some people may say that is to challenging, and this is why it relates to FTL so well.Con's-Optimization isnt the best, but the Dev is working on that luckily-Odd Glatiator control the first time you try it-Overwhelming at firstNetrual (I can't make this a Pro or a Con)1.) The Tables can flip in an instant if you arnt carefull----------Overall I would have to rate this game a 8.7/10The Optimization of the game isn't the best, and that could be a Major problem for some peopleI couldn't recomend this game more, I think its amazing for its price.Heed the warning that you are given, they won't tell you a second time.Never fight Fair."
76561198109312127,Recommended,535230,31111016,Posted: 12 April,all,SCROTUS,"Save feature is in, dev keeps working on the game.  It's lots of fun, go ahead and buy it."
,Recommended,535230,32837644,Posted: 26 June,all,SGladys,Brought this game on sale. Very simple but very entertaining. Long live the roman empire and its brutal gladiator fights.
,Recommended,535230,32840231,Posted: 26 June,all,Galabyca,First game I purchased and played during Summer Sales. A nice management and strategy game with the opportunity to control your gladiator (only if you want).
,Recommended,535230,32840478,Posted: 26 June,all,FlamingGorilla  [T{N}C],Oh man I just finished my first playthrough and OH MAN it is soooo insanely good. The art style is pixel yeah it is a bit of an overdone art style but the work that had to have been put into this game is insane . The AI is top notch the events are funny and add some risk and reward into the game the different gladiators with level up systems and statistics. I still have a bunch to lear. I have one VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VEEEEEERRRRRRYYYYYYYYY small geipe and that is tha5 the tutorial system does not really tell you enough. Though making a full on tutorial for this game would take forever because of how complex it is. The level of detail is great it really feels like you have control and you put your soul into these guys and then all you can do is watch them go at it in the arena you are buying your nails as it goes back and forth and sometimes you can save them so you click your heart out not to lose your precious gladiator. Man this game is so well made ifevem if you do not like the gameplay....qhich I don't k ow how you couldn't you have to appreciate how much of a just plain masterpiece it is with how much work was put into making the game feel look and play the exact way the developer envisioned it. I have so much respect for this game. I can whole heartedly recommend it defiantly a must pick up worth every penny I will be playing this game a lot more.
76561198008531162,Recommended,535230,32835957,Posted: 26 June,all,Panzmax,This game is amazing relative to its cost I challenge you to find a more enjoyable way to spend a dozen hours. Its gladiator management and third person combat if you wish it. There is a nonlinear story element as well as sexuality over 9000. Possibly the best sound track since hotline Miami and it’s the perfect game to play while contemplating with a fine beverage.
,Recommended,535230,32850129,Posted: 27 June,all,Shotty NoX,"Excellent game, especially for fans of Spartacus, hope the devs expand upon it more, would love to see things like;More arena variantsMore bosses, with more gruesome backstoriesBetter weapon upgradesExpanded villa management, i'd love to be able to customise it morePit fighting made more akin to that in Spartacus, more brutalityFinishing moves / Executions-9/10"
76561198005265358,Recommended,535230,32841697,Posted: 26 June,all,FailSafe,"Absolutely amazing game. I wasn't expecting much from it, but I had a lot of fun with it. This game has a lot of potential to grow. I'm hoping Domina develops further with expansions and sequels to add more features and depth.You are tasked with running a ludus. This entails hiring staff and training and equipping gladiators that can make it all the way to the championship and win.1> Manage a team of gladiators2> Hire Staff that give you advantages in combat, training, recovering, appeasing, and supporting your gladiators.3> You can rename your gladiators to anything you wish4> Politics in the game has a minor role currently. I'd like to see it grow more.5> The combat is fun to watch. Fighters have temperments which dictate the style of combat they utilize, whether it's defensive, aggressive, evasive, etc.You can train a number of stats ranging from agility, strength, defense, etc. All of which plays a role in the outcome of the fights.6> There are currently 3 styles of fighting, sword shield, dual wield/two handed sword, and Polearms with nets. Alongside the doctore skill tree which further customizes the gladiators he trains.7> There is a wide selection of equipment to upgrade through.8> Upgrade the Ludus, to add more features which help you along your journey to the top.Definitely worth the money if these things appeal to you."
76561197979988157,Recommended,535230,32836680,Posted: 26 June,all,Mister Manager,"This game was really enjoyable. The pixel art was well done, the soundtrack was excellent, and the gameplay was very fast pased for a management game. Luckily, certain mundane tasks can be automated. It is a pretty short game but I definitely think I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,535230,32838219,Posted: 26 June,all,RenegadeWatermelon,The Music is too lit for its time.
76561198035263324,Recommended,535230,32838997,Posted: 26 June,all,kungfu_grip5,"This game has just the right amount of micromanagment for me and most of it can be automated anyway. I love watching the AI fight. It is so much fun to grab a beer and build your ludus. I have beaten the game once and it took into account the choices I made during the game with the slaves that I was rewarded...it was an interesting twist. The balance needs to be worked on though. That is my biggest gripe. I had one gladiator at level 184...the rest of the ludus averaged 5-11. The problem happened with the matches, the random opposing gladiators would start at level 25-45 to somewhat counteract my one amazing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It did not work and he alone dominated the entire Roman Empire. So much fun, but a bit more balance and explanation about your employees and whether or not their upgrades stay...through trial and error I seem to think the architect ugrades are the only ones that are permanent. Just a fun game with a few quibbles. Good job!"
76561198170841691,Recommended,535230,32837330,Posted: 26 June,all,winteriscoming,fun
,Not Recommended,535230,32863332,Posted: 27 June,all,Lyca,Super laggy and really bad at detecting some controls it just blanks on some things...
76561198044359856,Recommended,535230,32370439,Posted: 12 June,all,Manic Merry,"A very fun game with some major nasty drawbacks. The RNG levels are real here, the live or die minigame is bugged. I even have a 200 click autoclicker on my mouse, didn't save my gladiator.Pros: Very exciting gladitorial combats!Wonderful style and artInteresting premise and wish there was more like it.Cons:RNG Extreme.Where is the save? Automatic? Woo?Not very much to do late game.Once you have an OP Gladiator it's Game Over.Bugged Live Or Die."
76561198087053155,Recommended,535230,32908884,Posted: 27 June,all,CrossFitSgt,I downloaded this when I was looking for something to plane on a flight on my Surface Pro. It was pretty entertaining. The combat can be fun and there are enough options when training the gladiators to keep you occupied. I'd recommend it if you are looking for a fun time sink.
76561198028136434,Recommended,535230,32909059,Posted: 27 June,all,Crazed Heretic,"Wanted a fast paced strategy game, saw this on sale, was not disappointed.  Never actually considered buying a soundtrack for any game, this one however I may have to own."
,Recommended,535230,31378589,Posted: 26 April,all,Raiiser csgoroll.com,"Amazing Game, love gladiators but crashes when you try to start a new game or load a previous save."
,Recommended,535230,31376782,Posted: 26 April,all,Syndrum,"I bought this game back when the save feature wasn't around, i don't have that many hours in the game but its a fun game to play when you've got nothing much to do. The game is fun, hard but fun. The best thing about this game is that the creator is always updating the game. Every other day this game is being updated fixing bugs, and things people complain about."
,Recommended,535230,31376648,Posted: 26 April,all,Nehaario Dayne,"I waited to purchase after hearing about the save game issue. Glad I did because I suck at this game. lol Seriously though, the game is great, and I've had a great time. Truly letting you take any path through it and some great fun in the arena. I do wish I could do the fighting with a controller, but otherwise this is one of my favorites for this year."
76561198195979325,Recommended,535230,31685554,Posted: 11 May,all,The_Entitled_Brit,Loved this amazing game worth the money!
76561198007924281,Recommended,535230,31673756,Posted: 10 May,all,DarthSmee,A crazy amount of fun with superb soundtrack. It's brutal; unforgiving and you lose a lot but it still leaves you strangely satisfied. Great game!
76561198169253026,Recommended,535230,31561024,Posted: 5 May,all,[Hyper X] Lamb Sauce <|°_°|>,"Great game, great music, and nice pixel art in its own kinda wierd way. Stop complaing about save, a game only takes like 3 hours so it doesent matter. Even music only is probably worth the 9.99 that you pay. :DBtw awsome sound track, nice job! *Worshipping gesture*"
76561198032769284,Recommended,535230,31750609,Posted: 14 May,all,Mr.Chainsmoker,"I'm going to try and keep this short.Domina is a lovely ludus management game with good pixel art, a soundtrack that is second to none (seriously, even if you have no interest in this game, BUY THE SOUNDTACK!), a fun concept, and a lone developer who you can tell cares very much about his game given that he has been updating it every other day and fixing things consistently.It's a very difficult game, but one that really makes you want to say ""I need to try that again!"" I got this game before the save feature was added and had an enourmous amount of fun then even while most everyone else was disappointed because of that, and the dev is currently working on and endless mode as well, which is what I wanted most. Even before all of the fixes and the dev showing just how dedicated he is instead of letting everything go to the wayside, I can't recommend Domina enough."
,Recommended,535230,31734152,Posted: 13 May,all,Soup Can,This game Is really freaking hard. The AI's are horrible and maybe get 2 hits on the guy while Im Being hit 10 times a second the game despite its difficulty is pretty good with a nice concept and maybe I just don't have enough experience with the game to truely be good at it.But the game does have very frequeant updates as of this review and is definetly a unique experience and is totaly worth the $10 price tag.
,Recommended,535230,31752525,Posted: 14 May,all,Eyepatch,"Domina is an amazing little Indie game, and by Jupiters♥♥♥♥♥♥you shall claim victory!"
,Recommended,535230,31760966,Posted: 14 May,all,Voidhaus,"Bizarre non-hand helding excelence!I'm being dominated by this game. Why?Extreme management addicting loop. Perseverant developer support. Outstanding soundtrack. Dismemberment. Visceral strategy. Hard to master, easy to go along. Tremendous risky choice making. Appealing pixel art. Lions! Partying with ♥♥♥♥♥s. An optimal Spartacus simulator.If you like management simulators with cool themes (and gore), this is a must buy."
76561198036984003,Recommended,535230,31765746,Posted: 15 May,all,☾Indeed☽,10/10 Would stub my toe and drop a delicious sandwich on the floor again
,Recommended,535230,31045860,Posted: 9 April,all,grantgamesgames,"Edited:Really enjoying playing this, I still haven't quite figured out how to keep my enterprise afloat but as soon as I get surrender to work properly I think I'll be able to avoid losing good fighters ""randomly""."
76561198041723289,Recommended,535230,31774375,Posted: 15 May,all,Ryuruben,"Really like this game, the whole gladiator and management part is something of a niche but it always surprises me to see how many people are interested.I like the game a lot, art style is nicely done. Have been following the game for a while and waited for the save and endless feature. Save was implemented so bought it. I have complete faith in the developer making the endless one also a good mode! Not many developers take care and interact with the community as this one. Respect and look forward to any DLC or new games that come out!"
,Recommended,535230,31775291,Posted: 15 May,all,Banging Gear,pretty banging tbh
76561197998788476,Recommended,535230,31796262,Posted: 16 May,all,robfitz07,"FUN LITTLE GAME:Super violent, harsh, funny and exciting gameplay with a good learning curve. Great music in the game.One thing I don't like to much is the speed of combat, even with brutal mode on which slows it down the battles are a chaotic, quick event that, if you are playing as a gladiator it's hard to implement any sort of plan.Still worth a purchase. Although you will be looking for a playthrough after the first few games!"
,Recommended,535230,31093520,Posted: 12 April,all,EpicMayhem,Does this dev sleep???I think i've spent more time reading all these update notes then actually playing the game lol.
76561198050200039,Recommended,535230,30928345,Posted: 3 April,all,McGoose,"Played it for a couple of hours, and I really like it! But there is no save option for one, and although I didn't finish it yet, I saw how short the game actually is and it is kinda repetitive. I hope there will be some changes and more gameplay cause it does look great and is really fun!Edit: Its a nice fun little game, with save feature :)"
76561197992696868,Recommended,535230,31891446,Posted: 21 May,all,NomadWolf,"I REALLY enjoy the game. I honestly wish there were more games on steam similar. I love the pixel art and overall aesthetic vibe, including the music. What I like the most is the ""Monster Rancher""-esque vibe of raising and training gladiators for combat, it can be a rewarding and a cool experience.In order for the game to ascend to the next level, I'd advise a reworking of some of the combat mechanics to make it more dynamic. Combat loses A LOT of its 'badassery' the further you progress. I think the the opponents and scenerios need to be more dynamic in order to keep things fresh for long term enjoyment.Most, if not all, of the graphical assets  seem to already exist for implementing a more dynamic system. Simply mix it up more, use the large guys that are in the regional tourneys more often in the pit fights and such. Maybe if you're in high enough standing with the legate and magistrate you can negotiate on the difficulty of opponents to increase pay out, and fun. Like many others have said, the lions are a bit under utilized and a bit weak late game. Also, I feel that the randomality of the game can at times undermine player skill and planning. Also, certain events happen far too rarely. Of the 20ish hours I've played I've never acquired a lion. Once, and only once, one of the large opponents surrendered and joined my ludus, only for me to discover that there didn't seem to be a way to upgrade his equipment or stats. I don't even recall if I could heal him. Needless to say, he was extremely underpowered in combat.I really think you have something great here, it just needs a bit more meta polish and focused narrative. Also, I appreciate the continued updates and transparency. While ""Endless"" is in its infancy, it has the potential to be a real winner. Perhaps the objective could be to raise an extremely overpowered ludus and taking the country for yourself in a ludus-wide megafight that can be challenged at player discretion. A 'usurpation' story, if you will.Overalll, absolutely recommend if you enjoy training and fighting anything including gladiators."
76561197983833702,Recommended,535230,33004378,Posted: 29 June,all,Zargs,"To what end...? one may ask.This game is hilariously fun, and has quite a lot of depth considering its cost.As time sinks go, fully recommended.Finally, the gods remove♥♥♥♥♥♥from♥♥♥♥♥♥..."
,Recommended,535230,33043877,Posted: 30 June,all,Acais No Label,"It is fun, challenging, and just the right amount of frustrating."
76561197990062368,Recommended,535230,33149099,Posted: 2 July,all,Jakob,Extremely fun. Great Soundtrack. Satisfies gambling itch kinda.Only problems occur during large fights(which really isn't that often) and I can only imagine they'll fix this eventually. Game becomes choppy and audio goes haywire. But very small flaw in grand scheme.I've been enjoying the hell out of this game.
,Recommended,535230,33106797,Posted: 1 July,all,Bored Already,very positive
76561198112294276,Recommended,535230,32909512,Posted: 27 June,all,_SpookyM,"Im not joking but as soon as i saw the video and picture without hesitaion i bought it and let me tell you its been better than busting a nut because the the game is like masturbating the graphics is like the initial stroking, then it gets better by gameplay which is 10 minutes of stroking, finally the Music is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ( the best part)."
76561197970804766,Recommended,535230,32189668,Posted: 4 June,all,Mo0ntan,Would draw a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on a drunken magistrate's face again!Awsome game.
76561198141203568,Recommended,535230,32975627,Posted: 28 June,all,"Bowie is love, Bowie is life","Just trust me, get this, get emotionally attached to your head gladiator, free him after 6 hours of gameplay.The music is great, it's pretty simple to work, took me a while to figure out how to save my guys from dying. The endless mode is really nice! The music is quite different and fits the moods when certain events happen. The random scenarios that pop up are great!Though, it does get a little laggy when you have maybe more than 8 players on a field. That could possibly be my problem, but it is a little glitchy in that sense. I can get over it but I enjoy seeing the fights.Other than that, please just get this, get addicted."
76561198031585429,Recommended,535230,32975992,Posted: 28 June,all,Zenyeldar,Fun little game.
,Recommended,535230,32918699,Posted: 28 June,all,Neo Survivor,"This game is actually amazing. Beautiful gameplay, music, art and story. 100% worth the price."
,Recommended,535230,32982590,Posted: 29 June,all,Zeno,"Game OverviewThis is a management tycoon game circled around the Domina. You transform slaves into three classes of warriors; you can control your units in the gladiatorial arena or have the AI play them (most cases, the AI is actually better especially once you get the Jupiter's Blessing). All in all, the game is very well-done, though slightly unrealistic after a certain point, especially on Endless, due to the fact that you can grind a single gladiator to infinite levels.The concept is really interesting though. There are a variety of match-ups, ridiculous odds-against you handicap matches where it's one gladiator against three, or vicious lions mauling you while parading around the arena like the vanguard of Skyrim.GraphicsThey fit the game. Simple as that.Worth The PriceI would say that Domina, especially under the Summer Sale, is a game worth trying out. $4.99 is minimal for a game that you can spend at least thirty hours on grinding, to achieve achievements and other various things. Domina is an excellent game, overall, crafted by a LEGEND who apparently did everything by himself. Kudos to that God over there, because he's probably the Jupiter of Domina."
,Recommended,535230,32931454,Posted: 28 June,all,H2O,"The game in current state has potential bun suffered from exploitable system that made the gamefeel too easy sometimes.However, While I am about to refund this game. I decided play the game one more time andsoundtrack of this game made me think ""screw this! I will keep the game for just soundtrack alone"".the game even has an option to go buy ost in it. that is how awesome this game music aspect is."
76561197965496214,Recommended,535230,33731351,Posted: 22 July,all,Cactusman,"A good game overall but the group combat is frustrating.1v1 Combat is good and has some skill and strategy.The management sim aspect of the game is also fun.However,In several runs my primary team of fighters (i.e. most of my money and resources) got wiped out in 4v4 battles that felt really bad. Group combat could really use some more work. Right now it's a big messy dice roll with no skill."
,Recommended,535230,33732528,Posted: 22 July,all,HoppingTerror,I accidently clicked fire employee i guess and he was gone! All my upgrades! Gone! there should be a confirmation :( You cant shun the stupid :(
76561198004790522,Recommended,535230,33733539,Posted: 22 July,all,Skye / Tiffan / Ley / Trixie,"If it is on sale. It is worth buying.Its a fun game, kills abit of time. But does have some major flaws such as:-new gladiators will get rekt after the first few fights.-training is almost pointless-some buggy fights where you gladiator will run around in circles.-no counterplay with the gladiator classes-ONE PUNCH MAN is the only tactic to beat the game."
76561198012924423,Recommended,535230,33733828,Posted: 22 July,all,Alv4roNeko,"It stands to reason that this game would bring me back to my earlier days of playing random survival/manager games, where making a singular decision on what to build/buy/equip would have a significant impact on the rest of the playing experience. Slight nostalgia aside, as the game with its charming pixel art, and low technical barrier for entry had me perusing through memories of older games of its ilk; the game itself stands as a strong champion for indie games post 2015. This game, will stand within the very same hall's of the very same pantheon unto which indie classics, such as The Binding of Isaac, or Super Meat Boy, or Battle Block Theather, or Kingdom will reside.The game has many beatifully witty and funny, and unadultaratedly and unashamedly plebian moments of writing bliss. Which in turn lends the character of the game (both in a broad and literal sense) the 'Domina' so to speak, the strong, manipulative, yet uncouth potty mouth which leaves a slight smirk on my face. Despite this, the charm does die when the games forray into procedurally generated text within the maps of the gladiatoral ""boss"" challenges fail to make sense or are gramatically incorrect. However, this would be the only downside to the game, so far. Unless that is, if hours and hours of game time into the future is sunk, only to discover that there is no alternate ending to the one I have achieved so far... Well that would leave me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Otherwise, this is a great game, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,535230,33716359,Posted: 22 July,all,rvs_sapphire,Domina is a great indie game. I had a lot of fun playing. Tough decisions everywhere. Guts and Glory.
,Recommended,535230,33733363,Posted: 22 July,all,Rinabin,"A fine example of ""Losing is fun"". Until you either learn how to manage your gladiators well and/or get good with manual control in the arena.But when you start going up, it gets better. Murdelize your enemies as a single man. Drive hulking brutes to surrender. Unleash the lions.If you feel it's too easy, offend the game hosts, set the stakes higher.The biggest downside, I feel, is that all matches are intended to be lethal. Yes, gladiators can surrender, but your top champ can bite the dust just like the rest of them because he missed his chance to give up. Less of a show and more of a death pit arena."
76561198138183430,Recommended,535230,33762540,Posted: 24 July,all,adammaroti5,"I HAVE NEVER EVER PLAYED BETTER GAME THAN THIS:DDDDDDDDDD I LOVE I LOVE I LOVE!WELL DONE!REALLY WELL DONE!My favorite games are Half Life all episodes,Metro all episodes and now this is the next!Very good idea,very good animating and finally i love the graphics.I really hope you guys keep making it better and better but with the same  graphics.I can imagine a very good simulator game with this style.No more words just (LOVE)Thank you guys."
,Recommended,535230,33754058,Posted: 23 July,all,Aking108,Stupid event where you can hide the guards from the gauls and if you do you lose all your stuff and there is nothing you can do afterwards besides wait and die especialy fun when you have a gladiator who can one shot bosses and doesnt defend you from gauls. Thanks for all unfair matches and unreasonable events.
76561198007068054,Recommended,535230,33750545,Posted: 23 July,all,dvhoeni,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit, but to be honest it needs a lot of balancing.  After just the first playthrough it is very easy to just make one super gladiator that can simply destroy everything in one slash.  By the 3rd year of endless mode I had thee such warriors any one of which could beat all of the games chanllenges without getting wounded.While it is very likely the goal of the game's creator and mine are not in alignment, and that is perfectly ok, I would rather have gladiators that I can grow attached to and that continue to develop.  Also, the limited slots for advisors is frustrating since the doctor and blacksmith are pretty much manditory, leaving only one slot that you can use freely.  Also, resources are so cheap they may as well not exist.Again, I had a lot of fun with this game and at the price I would say I got my money's worth.  I just think it could be so much more."
,Not Recommended,535230,33758237,Posted: 23 July,all,HoodieChris (LJ),"Very shallow game, beaten really fast and not much replayability or variation in strategy"
,Recommended,535230,33774144,Posted: 24 July,all,questingbeast,"So at first I didn't understand what I was doing thanks to the tutorial that explains all of nothing, but now I understand you it works its a great little timewaster. Excelent OST, great aesthetics."
76561198026231833,Recommended,535230,33776361,Posted: 24 July,all,Lopez_Arthur,"I have to give the game a thumb up because of how many hours I played. I was immediately sucked into the game because every horrible failure felt like a learning experience. It was fun to get invested into a character, then a life or death match could mean success or failure of your stable. Sometimes it was easier reset because there will be no way to beat the campaign if your A team gets killed off or runs away. But the high stakes make each battle feel important. One weakness is in the learning curve. I have no idea if some of my choices have any impact. There are some choices that make no sense. Why can you fire your gladiator trainer, is there really a point to have a magistrate and a legate? Some options seem to have been added as filler? I still have no idea what is the purpose of many actions in the game. I had to read unofficial guides to figure out what choices made an impact and figure out the “true ending”. The game is still being developed and I am still excited to see where it goes. My final verdict is it is fun. I spent a ridiculous amount of time on this game. I hope this developer can sell the concept to a larger development team and expand on the game, because I want even more of this game."
76561198000708696,Recommended,535230,33798573,Posted: 25 July,all,Tribbies,"Domina is good. It is enjoyable. It needs some balancing though. If it goes on sale, I would recommend it. Great work from a small team!"
76561197969648267,Not Recommended,535230,33813221,Posted: 26 July,all,MASSIVE PRAWNS,"a bit buggy, clunky controls, tedious managing, needs better leveling and incredibly unforgiving at times"
,Recommended,535230,33814210,Posted: 26 July,all,Cinema Otaku,"Gladiator Campaign/Sandbox. Great pixel aesthetic, many decisons to pick and choose from for narrative variety, even bribery for optimizing gladiator fights for your benefit. You can select various flavors for training, employment, morale boosting, and more. Lots of fun!!! Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,535230,33326212,Posted: 6 July,all,Sabrejimmy,"Update: Framerate problems are now fixedTo be clear- this is a very fun game. But at this point I can't recommend it. Do not buy until they patch the game-breaking framerate bug that plagues big fights. Regardless of GPU, your framerate will drop to .000005 FPS if more than a few gladiators are in the arena. This is especially  problamatic in the final stages of the game."
76561198118424637,Recommended,535230,33911979,Posted: 30 July,all,☺²,One of the greatest games of all time. Deserves way more people and way more money than they are getting right now.
76561198040134625,Recommended,535230,33885676,Posted: 29 July,all,Proxy,"An nice management and strategy game can go for both hardcore players and normal ones. Quite fun to play as an Domina and it's an thrilling experiance to manage an ludus full of gladiators and make them fight to death with lions,behemoths or other gladiators. Everyone must give it a try."
,Not Recommended,535230,33885286,Posted: 29 July,all,mandor1784,"An interesting management game which is definitely engaging for the first couple goes. How do you manage your stable of gladiators? Are they meat for the grinder or are you investing time and energy into them and hope that the next match doesn't lead to their death and loss of all those resources?Will you be able to lead your stable to the championship or will you slip on the blood of the slaughtered. There's the threat from the outside as well -- someone wants to get rid of you.Yet, there are a number of issues:There's a lot of numbers and choices and there's not much in the way of a feedback mechanism to really know how much of an effect you're having and whether it is worthwhile or not.The battles are fast and, again, you can't really gauge much of the reason for one result or another.The 'live or die' mechanic when a gladiator surrenders is too easy and too binary a minigame to really have much of an effect besides a time-waster.Once you've played to the ending once, you'll know how to play and win the next time, so replayability as far as story goes is middling, at best.I'd say it's a fine time-waster with a good theme that could have been much more. Wait for a sale, if you really want to try it out."
,Recommended,535230,33888746,Posted: 29 July,all,Italow,Action - 10/10Violence - 10/10Corruption - 10/10Soundtrack - 17/10Arrows with messages in it - C O C K
,Recommended,535230,33871893,Posted: 28 July,all,b1gw0lf,Remember the show Spartacus? This is basically a management sim of that. Very fun to play.
76561198006683055,Recommended,535230,33877087,Posted: 29 July,all,NubE.aK,Domina is a great game if you have a few hours to kill and you don't mind management games such as football manager or motorsport manager etc. Although this game is nothing really like those forementioned. 10 outta 10 would recommend even for just the soundtrack which is Amazing!
76561198385695217,Recommended,535230,33802230,Posted: 25 July,all,Obsidian,"Fun little game. Not worth 10 dollars content wise but worth it to support the sole guy who made this. The creator tried his best to incorporate random events to make it more than just a business sim and a click fighter but it falls a little flat. (Partially because the game tries to insert story onto these random two NPCs with no background on them or those who replace them. Surprisingly not many options for these events even though they're text based. Still pretty good, try to pick it up on sale but if you can't you still wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,535230,33828934,Posted: 27 July,all,MadPixie,"Waited 2 minutes for the game to boot up for some reason, created a new game, killed 5 gladiators with my first one, managed to die once I got manual control, dishonored the family by loosing a fight. Now I need to enter myself to the arena to redeem myself. 10/10"
76561198093700901,Recommended,535230,34174596,Posted: 11 August,all,The Footloose Goose,Good game make sure you actually read everything cause i didnt read onw thing and the magistrate put me to death but overall 10/10 would not read anything again.
76561198202558448,Recommended,535230,34192583,Posted: 12 August,all,Baconknight_05,"Domina is an excellent Gladiator Management simulator, very polished with consistantly entertaining battles regardless of whether you win or lose, the random events are a great equilizer late game when your single gladiator that has carried you the entire game decides that they want to escape so your left with the rest of your sub par ragtag gang to take on the rest of the game.i found the addition of the endless mode to be particularly fun and feel like the next step up from the endless mode would be an arena mode or sparring mode where you can pit your own gladiators against eachother and select your own conditions, having something like that may even lead into a possible pvp aspect to the game.all in all as it stands this game is extremely unique in everything from its gameplay to its artstyle, it nails everything it has attempted to do and still has plently of room for expansion in the future.if your looking for actionpacked gore filled gladitorial combat then this is definitely a must have for your steam library."
76561198047651413,Recommended,535230,34184076,Posted: 11 August,all,Hadesthief,"Pretty good, there are a couple of balancing issues with gladiators becoming almost godlike, but you don't have to play like that if you don't want to."
,Recommended,535230,34153959,Posted: 10 August,all,AzzA\\\\\,"Very fun game. I absolutely love watching the AI play out. I like the RPG elements that exist too, like the tech tree and the upgrading of gear. Would love to see more meaningful things happen with reputation, for example more meaningful, random events that occur once you're very high rep with either of the two NPC's. Would like to see a talent tree for the Domina too!"
76561198177596682,Recommended,535230,34123086,Posted: 9 August,all,z_o_m_b_i_e_0,This is for my the biggest good supsice the game is awesone. 8/10
,Recommended,535230,34139508,Posted: 9 August,all,Dr. Nebsterio,I found a caged lion.  I took him in and trained him to fight along with my gladiators.  I placed him in a 4v4 fight.  Everyone died.  RIP Justin the Lion.
,Recommended,535230,35158134,Posted: 23 September,all,Giga,"A bit harsh in the beginning, but had some fun playthroughs once I learned the basics"
,Recommended,535230,35150651,Posted: 23 September,all,JH3LLSKULL,"Amazing concept, great gameplay and replayability, really interesting atmosphere and an absolutely phenomenal soundtrack. 10/10"
,Recommended,535230,35145532,Posted: 22 September,all,DanceCommander,"This Game truly is a gem. Once you tinker around with it a few times, you will begin to understand the complexity and different routes you can take.The best part is losing, only to have your 2nd guy miraculously pick up a dagger after being disarmed and avoiding death by being eaten by a lion.Brilliant."
,Recommended,535230,35175544,Posted: 24 September,all,I just got lucky ?,"Nice game to spent fre time in, at 1st might be a lil hard. Once you get the hang of it, it's really easy."
,Recommended,535230,35075364,Posted: 19 September,all,TheFinnyLion,"Its all around a great game, just was browsing and this one game caught my eye and i was like, Damb i ♥♥♥♥♥ed"
76561197990720202,Recommended,535230,32776554,Posted: 25 June,all,TiberiusGracchus Gladiator,"Loads of fun. There's more depth to the game than you might think, but it won't be interesting for more than 4-5 hours though. I want expansion packs!Edit: the dev is adding content, so that's good. Still loving this game. Also: what I didn't mention is that the music is somehow insanely cool."
76561198308553944,Recommended,535230,33299251,Posted: 5 July,all,mervinorigin,"KEEP THE UPDATE COMING i just changed this review to thumbs up :)this game is very good but sadly it lacks content it is fun for a while. i really like management games like this its unique the music is good specialy in the arenas  it make me a bit exited every time i wish they could add more gladiator cutomization like crafting or something like that and adding more regions or area to the game like africa and  asia it would be fun pitting your gladiators to other faction and adding more gladiator class and making them work together to fight animals or mythical creature that would be fun. also removing the time limit or extending it would be good if they add more content but i see why the timer is there on the current version of the game to make the game feel longer than it should trust me if you already got how the game works its going to be easy to finish the game and the endless mode is  unfair. its my first match and i was pitted agains a level 17 def, attck, agi  opponent but i hope they improve the game adding dlc would be fine as long as its worth it .so the game is fun for a while then the game becomes boring and repetitve because of the lack of content"
,Recommended,535230,34236361,Posted: 14 August,all,Rocco,Do you ever wish you could relive the movie Gladiator over and over again in a videogame? yes? then this game is perfect for you.
76561198205188516,Recommended,535230,34242185,Posted: 14 August,all,Sir Mornir of Godswood,Super fun for anyone with an interest in Roman culture and gladiator fights. A little short and I wish there were more high-end weaponry but very much enjoyable.
76561197962453131,Recommended,535230,34230255,Posted: 14 August,all,Badajoz,Over pretty quick - too quick for my tastes as I was enjoying it so much. Thumbs up as I really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,535230,32357232,Posted: 11 June,all,Hudson,"Recruit, train and fight with Gladiators. A brilliant fun game with tons of depth. 3 classes, tons of armor and weapons, employees you can hire to help buff training and internal Roman politics and random events. you can directly control a arena figher if you research mind control but I usually dont do that. Each fighter has stats you can train up between fights. Try to make a stable balance of fighters like in the movie Gladiator."
76561198120416269,Not Recommended,535230,34247769,Posted: 14 August,all,Smuc Muck,"Ehhhhh, you have to unlock the ability to control your gladiator. You would think that fights with tougher, later enemies may be more tense and maybe it is, if one hit KO's feel spicy to you, which did not for me. I don't like the combat, but its got a good amount of historical realism and its got some cool twitch integration features, but not for everyone. If you aren't hooked quickly then probably return it"
76561198089266014,Recommended,535230,34237416,Posted: 14 August,all,YummyPaPa,"As long as you get used to the graphic, you'll love it."
76561198059637432,Recommended,535230,34277739,Posted: 16 August,all,YBTHEKING,"Very cool game, i hope to see more content and classes along the way... My first try was fun, now i will get to ROME!!!"
76561197993209478,Recommended,535230,34826147,Posted: 8 September,all,-SNiGS-Puma5178,"Simple, yet absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,535230,34807335,Posted: 7 September,all,Snugglez150,11/10 would bang.
,Recommended,535230,34846047,Posted: 9 September,all,Bromada,Never got a good ending 10/10
,Recommended,535230,33704070,Posted: 21 July,all,icn,"A fun little management simulator, that rewards your frantic clicking with bloody, entertaining gladiator bouts. These bouts will at times have you pull your hair out, especially when you realize your most prized fighter might not be as dominating as you thought he was. The Soundtrack is also worth a mention, it is quite catchy.I recommend not reading any guides, because once you figure out the definitive best way to beat the game it gets old pretty quickly.All in all I'd say Domina is worthy to be on your short-list for a sale.On a side note:The collectivist burn in favour of liberal individualism in the 'Final Victory' text is much appreciated."
,Recommended,535230,35249540,Posted: 27 September,all,RJ,"This is an amazing game, I had a lot of fun playing it for about 8 hours. Unfortunately this game is lacking in replayability once you do a few playthroughs and end up getting your own champion with max stats. I haven't tried it on a higher difficulty so that could allow for some replayability.Here's where I think this game could improve:- Workshop/modding support so people can add more gladiator classes, weapons/armour/etc., employees, maps, music, and whatever else you could imagine. If workshop/modding were added that would definitely draw me back to playing this game.- Specializations for each gladiator class with different sub-sets of weapons/armour/etc. For example, having a gladiator specialize in speed (lighter equipment, lower damage, faster attacks), strength (heavy equipment, high damage, slower attacks), balanced (best of both worlds).- More variety with music/random events/battles. After awhile everything starts to repeat quite a lot. When I say battles I'd like to see more obstacles and challanges. For example the arena could have different layouts (mazes, booby traps, etc.) allied gladiators could be chained to each other so that they can't move far apart, it'd also be nice to see more exotic animals in the arena.- More gladiator classes. I think adding workshop/modding support is the best way to address this, but if that's not possible then simply seeing more classes would be great.- Controller suport to control your gladiator.- Multiplayer. I can see this one as a difficult one to address. Do you select a gladiator to use from your own ludus? Do you customize your own gladiator in a menu before going in to battle? Do you just get a random gladiator? What gamemodes do you have (e.g. to the death in 1v1/2v2/4v4, free for all with unlimited repsawns, etc.)?Those are the main improvements I foresee that could really spice up the game. Extra cool things to see would be stuff like viewing your competitor's ludus, an expanded Doctore research tree, and more political options to influence how arena battles are set up (e.g. bribing the magistrate to tilt the odds in your favour). That's all I can think of at this moment."
,Recommended,535230,35253840,Posted: 27 September,all,Eternal universe,"the game it's very interesting,i hope support Internationalization-->more lauguage. e.g. chinese :)China's gamer will thank you a lot."
,Recommended,535230,35388210,Posted: 1 October,all,King Corey,"im a fan of the game and definitely recommendit however it gets boring after a certain point because everybody is too much of the same i feel like. they need to add more classes and other types of matchs to the game, but all that being said its worth 9.99 i got 50hrs plus so it more than paid for itself"
76561198126291559,Recommended,535230,35251355,Posted: 27 September,all,Ooga,"Awesome game. Soundtrack is great! This game is worth every penny, combat is fun, building up your villa was fun,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the Legate was fun. The only problem I have with this game is that in endless mode I was unable to fight Champions on the map? Don't know if this was meant to be or not. 10/10"
76561198050032617,Recommended,535230,35463620,Posted: 3 October,all,Nycto,"This game is so broken, I had a character who never lost a figth and somehow got max stats. He essentialy soloed every fight. Still a fun game though."
76561198080438366,Recommended,535230,35306507,Posted: 29 September,all,Impio,10/10 panem et circenses.
76561198056892138,Recommended,535230,35489836,Posted: 5 October,all,softgrassness,"Needs better mechanics on executions after matches. Other than that, I'd like to see additional expansion to character stock"
