user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198005078624,Recommended,535480,33857454,Posted: 28 July,all,MrToast,"jup, this is exactly what i hoped for.pros:+ rogue-lite. death equeals to progression.+ metroidvania. 7 abilities to use and you can upgrade em all.+ artdesign. very detailed. i love it.+ procedural levels. after each death things are different.+ combat (or should i say dodgebat?^^)+ quite the skill-tree.+ amazing bosses.+ actually quite open map for free roam+ bombastic sounddesign.+ lovecraft world very well done!+ visual effects.+ no DRM.+ three difficulties.+ loot does not disappear to pick up later as long as you avoid loading screens+ secretscons:- sometimes too much is going on, you lose track of where you are.- weak story.- levelparts used for procedural repeat too often.neutral:- no surprises for genre veterans.- almost no explaining.if you love metroidvanias and rogue-lites, this is definetly an instant buy.did i sayamazingepic bossfights?for number lovers: 8.5/10EDIT: spelling"
,Recommended,535480,33977805,Posted: 2 August,all,Nickervision,"I had an absolute blast playing this game. I played on normal and chose to corrupt all the shards. The game had its challenges but I always felt like my character was getting stronger no matter how many times I died. At first I was concerned about the random horde attacks, but as I played through they become less problematic.The powerups and abilities are excellent and really give you enhanced mobility and power as your progress through the game. By the end of the game I moved through the levels with ease absolutely destroying enemies. Yet the boss was still a nice challenge even with everything unlocked. I found a lot of the design decisions to be well balanced and extremely well thought out.I am extremely happy with this game and would love to see a new game plus mode so I can breeze through again and clean up the remaining achievements.Great job developersOh yah, one more thing, the ART is absolutely incredible."
,Not Recommended,535480,33862672,Posted: 28 July,all,CrunchyMuffin,"I really wish I could recommend this game.  Unfortunately, the game falls flat both as a metroidvania and as a rogue-like platformer.  The biggest problem I had with the game was the enemies.  Instead of having enemies placed smartly around the level and placed as an obstacle, the game decides to randomly throw 10-15 enemies at you randomly while you're exploring that swarm you.  It's very difficult to get away from them because some may charge you while others shoot lasers at you that can go through walls.  Some might say this is a challenge, but in my opinion, it's just lazy.  In action-platformers like this, one of the most important things is enemy placement.  Good enemy placement can make or break a game, and in the case of Sundered, it absolutely ruins it.  Getting swarmed by hordes of enemies randomly is not fun.  It's extremely frustrating since they can drain your health extremely fast since there is little to no invincibily after getting hit.  Exploring is also extremely boring as a result of their decision to throw enemies at you randomly instead of having them placed througout the level.  You'll go for a while during your time exploring without encountering any enemies.  It's just running with extremely basic platforming and having to dodge the occassional environmental hazard.  There is nothing interesting going on and the game quite literally goes from 0 to 100 in a matter of seconds from running around to getting swarmed by enemies.This game is so close to being amazing.  The visuals and sound design are great.  The one boss I fought was a lot of fun due to the combat being fun mechanically, it's just fighting 10-15 enemies at a time is not fun.  Due to the insane decision to have enemy encounters be seemingly random, the game just becomes frustrating to play.  If you are looking for a game that merges rogue-likes and Metroidvanias, Dead Cells is your better option.  While that game is still in Early Access, it's a thousand times more fun than Sundered."
76561197999633021,Not Recommended,535480,33915955,Posted: 30 July,all,Oberst Kübel,"I was really looking forward to Sundered and I like certain aspects of the game very much, but some core design decisions of the game just bother me so much that I can’t play this game anymore.First of all, the art direction and the animations of Sundered are amazing just like in Jotun. Beautiful hand drawn environments and animations smooth like butter makes you feel like an absolute madman slashing through enemies.  It’s really satisfying to combo Jumps, Normal Attacks, Ground pounds and other attacks together because the animations change in a really creative way. For example, when you do a ground attack, the Character doesn’t swipe the ground with her blade, the blade wriggles around her leg and she sweeps the floor with her blade-leg combination, it looks quite fantastic und gives this magic sword a live of its own.This futuristic Old-God setting really draws me in, and the voice that follows you through the game is just amazing. The out of world language that this ominous creature has feels really different and believable. As much as I like the hand drawn backgrounds of Sundered, it becomes very stale after a few hours because of the procedurally generated nature of this game. You die a lot in this game, and you see the same stuff over and over again, and that is where I come to my first really big problem of Sundered.Sundered is a Metroidvania game, which means you have a lot of backtracking, but this game generates his sections randomly whenever you die, which happens a lot like I said before. This causes to feel like the areas themselves are lackluster and unforgettable which is really sad for such and amazing hand drawn art.  When I look at Hollow Knight, another Metroidvania, and i see that everything in this game just fits together so nicely, i just feel disappointed for the potential that was given away.But my biggest problem of this game is the horde system. Randomly and quite often you get this ridiculous amount of enemy’s that attack you, sometimes there are just like 20ish enemies on the floor, 8 enemies that fly randomly through the air, sniper enemies that you can’t even see because there are 2 screens away from you. I don’t have anything against hard games, but this is just insanely unfair and not fun. Against this amount of enemy’s you feel like you play “The floor is Lava”. And when you actually win this intense and frustrating fight you get these shards from the enemies. You can use these shards to upgrade your character, but not in a really engaging way. You can choose between:Get 20 more health, get 2% damage reduction, get 1% more damage. The upgrades feel more frustrating than the actual horde fights because they are highly underwhelming. And this Talent-Tree that you have where you can buy these upgrades is really big and is just rarely sprinkled with interesting upgrades.My conclusion to this game is that I just feel sad for the missed potential. I love Metroidvania games. I love the progression and discovery of those kinds of games and Sundered doesn’t give me that. The feeling of progression and discovery in games like Metroid (duh), Hollow Knight, Axiom Verge is satisfying and breathtaking, and in some cases really innovative (Axiom Verge Glitch Gun). And sadly, I don’t get any of these emotions in Sundered. The Setting and animations are amazing, the art is also amazing but it loses its touch very fast because of the repetitiveness s of the game. The “Umpf” of the gameplay is great but not really rewarding in terms of character progression. When Sundered gets patched and this obnoxious horde mechanic gets fixed, i would easily try it again."
,Not Recommended,535480,33917242,Posted: 30 July,all,rahulaaaaa,"I had very high hopes for this game. Here's my impression after 6 hours:Artwork and animation are stunning, but the gameplay is really lacking. Combat feels dull because you're just mashing one key most of the time. Enemies do nothing in the way of forcing tactical engagement, there are mostly just hordes thrown at you which forces you to take chip damage. Enemies just charge at you mindlessly and quickly become tedious, such that clearing the swarms feels more like fly-swatting than combat. There is rarely a sense of threat from any regular enemy; they just feel like an irritation rather than a challenge. Discovering a new enemy-type is nice but the novelty wears off rapidly as you soon get swarmed with them dozens at a time.The world feels so empty and lonely. Exploration felt pointless and unrewarded; there was no real sense of direction or progress... just running around kind of bored occasionally finding some shards as treasure. Although randomly generated, the paths often just feel cloned and the aesthetic of the areas doesn't quite change often enough for me. There are no interesting NPCs to talk to, there is no lore to explore; there is little more to the world than its artwork and some rare moments of narration. This means that the Lovecraftian themes aren't really as present as suggested. Bloodborne and Darkest Dungeon are much better examples of Lovecraftian games.The levelling system does little more than improve basic stats, rather than granting/upgrading abilities. There is little-to-no room for customisation, so there are no 'builds' despite an enormous skill tree. You gather shards constantly through the game (which you keep regardless of death) so levelling essentially becomes automated. I did not find the levelling process to feel rewarding because of how easily the shards are obtained. It just felt like I was being given slightly better stats proportionately to the time I invested in the game.Boss fights are great from what I have played & the footage I've seen online, but I'm not willing to grind through the monotonous gameplay inbetween to even get to them. I would personally recommend games like ori & the blind forest, hollow knight and salt & sanctuary if you want metroidvania-style gameplay."
76561198018445518,Not Recommended,535480,33939197,Posted: 31 July,all,Magic bullet,"I was really looking forward for this game, unfortunately i just cannot recommend it.The art style, music and sounds are really good. great atmosphere and handdrawn animation. the hordes system are innovative and despite the number of bad review about it i would say the procedural generation is well done in general.It's probably just not doing it for me gameplaywise... Lemme explain a bit.Having played hollowknight and dead cell like crazy the past few months i tend to be biased by them i know, but the gameplay isn't ""tight"". The dodge for example is utterly useless with the enemies spawning everywhere you'll mostly end up in a spiked plant or in another enemy. The biome that spawns platforms on the first and second part of the game (I presume the 3rd as well) is also frustrating, Most of the time, they are a millimeter too high for the normal jump forcing you to use walls or doublejump. Wall jumps are not really nice either, you'll have to walljump 5 or 6 time to get up a tiny ledge because the walls are too spaced out to get high enough. double jump is also annoying you can only use it once per landing, based on how often you have to use it, it's just breaking the flow of platforming a lot.The horde system is quite unique and interesting, but it's not rewarding enough so you'll probably end up just running not because you fear them, but because they get boring. Getting swarmed every minutes or less by mobs could've been fun if it wasn't the only core mechanic related to ennemies. The most frustrating ""feature"" is the lack of feedback when you are getting hit, you get wrecked in no time in this game, so don't blink. Most game gives you immunity when you're hurt giving you time to get back into the fight with the ""pseudo-immunity"" patch i haven't notice any changes still got swarmed and wrecked in seconds by boucing back and forth between foes.On the Combat side it's alright there's no big deal here, it's quite standard button mashing with a bit of combo possible when you jump and get used to it. I've read there's more to it though unlock, but i doubt i'll be playing more to uncover this part.The devs are really nice and trying to overcome a lot of their issues related to the game difficulty, i'm sure given time they'll manage to fix most of the games flaws. But based on what i disliked being at the core mechanics of the games it's highly unlikely they'll dive into the core gameplay i flagged as annoying to me. It's the kind of design decision you take in the prototyping phase not while patching."
76561198156282999,Recommended,535480,34075243,Posted: 6 August,all,ChazzDoomington,"Got pretty frustrated with this for the first 6 hours or so. Then I realised that not only was running the bloody hell away an acceptable strategy, it was, in certain circumstances, the only strategy the makers of this game had in mind. Once you've heard that gong a couple times, followed shortly by an ungodly cacophony of hell beasts, you learn pretty quick when it's time to stand and fight and when it's time to RUN! Run and don't look back!It's tough for sure, but once you wrap your head around the mechanics and figure out what the game expects from you, it really does become much easier and a whole lot of fun.The graphics are simply outstanding with special mention going to the animation which is honestly kind of jaw dropping in a lot of places. The music doesn't really stand out  too much for me, apart from the little bit of synth that accompanied the horde in the cathedral, but it definitely adds to the atmosphere in a cinematic way. Seems like it might benefit from listening to it while not being chased by a legion of demons.Just about to finish my first playthrough tomorrow after 19 hours, already planning a further run on Hard with the Resist ending. I might be wrong perhaps someone will correct me, but I think you may also be able to re-run the Embrace ending and corrupt different powers? Seemed like that may be the case.Either way, I went from pretty frustrated to very much delighted with this game. One of the more unique game playing experiences I've enjoyed."
76561197994094495,Not Recommended,535480,33866035,Posted: 28 July,all,debbie mcgee,The style of art is lovely and was the reason i was looking forward to playing the game but after a short whilel with it ive found the game extremely repetitive mash the attack button as you get swarmed by enemies. Im playing on hard mode dont know if that alters the occurence of the attacks but it happens during miniboss fights and makes it extremely difficult to do any sort of dodging. I dont normally write reviews at all but i do play a lot of rogue like/lite games and i'd suggest you avoid this
76561198039156494,Not Recommended,535480,33934484,Posted: 31 July,all,keiz,"I really wanted to put this game recommended, but I don't, it's so close though.It's really a fascinating game to play - with its beautifully animated graphicsand very well expressed atmosphere, something I really enjoyed Jotun for,I think the devs are so good at making gigantic and mythical atmosphere here.But the gameplay, I really enjoyed the first an hour of the game about putting myself to figurecombat tactics with dodge and attack thing, at the beginning still the combat was reasonableto dodge enemy's attack... Which is totally gone from the after.Once it gets too many enemies going on the screen(sometimes I cannot even see where I am at),and you get shield-recharge at a kill...There is no point to dodge anymore, just mashing attack until you don't see anything moving.Some huge bosses are good, but they are basically the same, hit their weak point in very high place.It was fun at the first time though, I don't think it's good idea to make the same tactics for most of the other bosses too.I also was not really impressed by the skill-tree system that you can spend shards to expand.There are some talent kind of thing but rarely, most of them are simply stats boostand it is put in order so you basically have to follow the tree and cannot go freely.So spending shards in the tree makes you get gradually stronger all-around but you cannot really think likethere is a ""build"" kind of stuff, which was a bit different from what I have expected.There are randomly generated maps but I didn't really even notice themsince there is nothing important in random generated rooms,some important rooms are fixed and doesn't change.All I felt about the map during the game is ""Hey, I have seen this map before again and again!""By the way I think I am in very endgame, I just got dodge-attack functionin insanely difficult area to explore, so now I can do strong attack right after I dodge!...Shouldn't it be in by the middle of the game or something...?"
,Recommended,535480,33872389,Posted: 28 July,all,nick,"IntroSundered is a massive unknown world for you to fight, run, and die. The game rewards you for exploration and even death. It's extremely difficult and very unforgiving even for the most seasoned gamers. The visuals are beyond words really, the creativity in visual design is of the best work you'll see among video games. The soundtrack is dark, intense, and unsettling. This fits perfectly with how the game is throwing horrific beasts at you left and right. When the gong sounds will you run or will you fight? That is Sundered.ProsVisuals, audio, and controlsWildly creative boss fightsActual fearful opponents/AILarge world with a lot of progression freedomGood performanceKey rebinding/mappingNeutralThe game difficulty goes from hard to easier after you've completed a lot of your skill tree. So basically areas that were once very hard become much easier. It's just strange to have an area that is suppose to be very hard become easy just because you've spent a lot of time grinding upgradesBy the time you finish getting all of your upgraded movement abilities the game is basically over and you don't get to use them in unison with each other besides a few things. This stinks because they're much more fun to play around with and allow more variation in dodging.ConsYou need to get stronger to progress certain areas, raw skill alone won't cut itSome minibosses have few attacks and the fight is more of attacking a high HP sponge.Some minibosses are extremely tedious and boring to fight. I mean they're really bad.Procedural map items appear in the same spots oftenOutroOverall Sundered delivers exactly what it says. A horror metroid survival with a cool progression system. The game visuals are out of the park but the combat leaves a little to be desired. Boss fights give you the feeling of sweet combat but the mobs leave you feeling annoyed fairly often. It's a great title with some really communicative developers who know their game in and out. I don't think it's one you should miss if you're into the genre. Just be warned hard difficulty actually means hard. I've completed the game to 100% completion on hard so this is a true final review."
76561198132370289,Recommended,535480,33911435,Posted: 30 July,all,red_raven0,"I wasn't sure what to think when I bought the game. Sure, it was pretty to look at, and I do like a metroidvania type game and of course killing hoards of Lovecraftian beasts and angry robots.This is very much a Metroidvania in the sense that I gain new abilities, that I have to backtrack to get entry into new areas, that what seemed frustratingly hard becomes simple and almost annoying in its ease to go through.What changes it a bit, and its really not a huge change in the style, is the procedurally generated levels.To get to one area to the next, the platforming levels in between may change a little, or a lot. It's all luck of the draw so to speak.Sometimes it takes me what seems like ages to get to my next ability and I die horribly after yet another gong hearalding the hoards that are once again coming to get me. ( and boy do they ever )Other times I'm able to not only get that ability but the next one too, because the rooms align just the right way.I think that adds a bit to the excitement.Of course there are frustratingly anger inducing moments but yet, 7 hours later I'm still at it.It is clear the developers put a lot of time, effort and love into this game, and it deserves far more than an hour play and a negative review.The story is intruiging, the sounds are great, the controls are tight and yes, it is very pretty."
,Recommended,535480,33960762,Posted: 1 August,all,viewtifullife,"Sundered is an attempt to combine the exploration and discovery of a Metroidvania with the constant death and procedural generation of a roguelike. It does so by making the basic layout of the map the same between runs but the rooms within that layout will change. For instance, a boss or an ability will always be in the same place but the rooms in between will be different. Much of it feels like Rogue Legacy in structure, along with the dying and returning to a sort of hub place to use the currency that you gain from enemies and containers in the environment to upgrade your character to make subsequent run easier and more managable. For the most part, its suceeds in doing so, making for a very fun and engaging game that constantly gives the feeling of progress, be that discovering more of the map, an ability, or upgrading your character. However, there are some decisions in the Sunder's design that are frustrating.One of first thing I noticed was how utterly great the movement and combat feels in this game. Jotun's controls felt slow and clunky to me in a way that really turned me off but Sundered does not suffer from that problem in the slightest. Your character runs fast and she feels intuitive and easy to move around. I never struggled with the controls and I always feel like my character is moving exactly how I want her to. Combat similarly feels great with a ton of flexibility in how you fight enemies. You have a basic attack and a roll that goes through enemies and their attacks but there are lots of smart choices made with that simple moveset. You can attack in all directions to perform different attacks and can do so in the air as well. When you get the double jump, if you attack an enemy in the air, that allows you to double jump again, so you can keep yourself in the air while attacking. It all just feels right. You have a stamina bar so you can't dodge with reckless abandon as well as a recharching shield that compliments your health. The shield can take quite a bit of damage but your health is fagile and can drop extremely quickly if you don't give time for your shield to recharge. Overall, moving and fighting is a joy.You'll find new abilites as you explore and in true Metroidvania style, you often backtrack and use those abilities to reach previously inaccessible areas. Most abilites help you in both traversal and combat, giving you even more options to move about. There is a rather intersting decision presented in the game regarding these. Defeating minibosses and the main bosses gives you elder shards. You either destroy these or you can corrupt your abilites, altering them in some way. I won't spoil what they are as finding out is one of the biggest joys I found in the game, but some are defintely more useful than others.Now for my biggest gripe with the game. Since the game is mostly procedurally generated, that presents a challenge in enemy placement. Sundered will randomly throw enemies at you that, for all intents a purposes, come out of no where. Some might pop up here and there to give you something to fight for a bit but there are moments when a gong rings signaling a large horde of enemies will be coming. When I say large hordes, I mean it, they can often times be overwhelming. There are a range of opinions on these hordes and I'm in the camp of finding them frustrating. There can be nearly 15 enemies of varying size on screen all doing their attacks and it can be extremely hard to parse out all the visual noise that is happening, so much so that I often lose sight of my character. This has the combat devolve into me mashing the attack button and dodging what I can. It turns the graceful looking act of fighting enemies and timing the dodge to get around them into a absolute mess of effects and enemies all moving about. And these enemies will chase you to hell and back if you try to run. Dying to these hordes never felt like a lack of skill on my part but losing sight of my character and being unable to dodge a large barrage of neverending attacks and I come away from it feeling frustrated and cheated. You can make the argument that dying is a large part of the game, and it is, but the death shouldn't feel so cheap. It's artificial difficulty. Granted, as you upgrade your character, the hordes become a lot more manageable as the upgrades do feel meaningful but then they just become an annoyance. I'm harping on the hordes so much because it is the single biggest blemish in the game for me.The hordes aside, I am having a ton of fun with Sundered. The movement and combat feel as good as they can be, the abilites are fun to use and are useful in traversal and fighting enemies, and the upgrades you gain in between deaths feel meaningful, serving as a constant source of progression. I highly recommend it, just be prepared to be frustrated from time to time."
,Not Recommended,535480,33970577,Posted: 2 August,all,Peredur Gargantaur,"This game is so good-looking I'm tempted to keep playing just to see everything. The art style and animation are admirable, but I'm just not having fun, wandering aimlessly and battling random spawns. I personally need more finesse and variety from a combat system, even in the early stages of a game (see Guacamelee or Dead Cells). There's also no narrative focus--nothing driving you forward. I keep losing track of where I am, not because the generated levels are so vast, but because they are so same-y and devoid of unique features. Some of the backdrops are so lovely, so just bursting with promise for an entertaining story and a peek into a grand alien society, that it PAINS me not to be able to recommend this. But the fascinating backdrops remain just that--set pieces. And the action happening out front is far less interesting, feels repetitive almost immediately.If only this were Early Access. Since it's not, things others have covered, like the fractional mismatch between platform heights and jumping ability, are deal-breakers for me."
,Recommended,535480,34619218,Posted: 30 August,all,Flash~Step,"I don't often write reviews, but Sundered was a really special game so I felt I had to.I wasn't expecting much when I first went into Sundered, but with each play session I felt more immersed in the dark and isolated world that is Sundered. It's a Metroidvania through and through, with plenty of cool upgrades to get (and the potential to upgrade them even further which is SO satisfying ), allowing your character fantastic movement potential.The music and art style is amazing, they really add to the immersion. The whole game is extremely lovecraftian influenced (think old gods from wow, outer/elder gods from the cthulu mythos etc) and it's REALLY well done. The voices, sounds and enemies make you feel like you are the only humanoid being alive in a world surrounded by tentacley, chaotic creatures.I'm really bad at writing these so I'm gonna end it here, but this game is really great and if you at all like dark games, isolation, lovecraftian stuff, super metroid... play this game."
76561197972964872,Not Recommended,535480,33864994,Posted: 28 July,all,uмop ǝpιsdn,"Sundered looks gorgeous, but that's about the only good thing I can say. The core gameplay sucks. So far combat has felt shallow and unsatisfying, and has mostly involved mashing the attack button. Presumably at some point I'll unlock other abilities, but I'm not sure I'm going to stick around long enough to find out. I feel like making progress revolves more around grinding out stats improvements rather than getting better at the game. There's frequently so many enemies on the screen that it's next to impossible to dodge everything. This means that if your stats aren't high enough for the area you're in, then you're pretty much screwed. It feels like the rouge-lite aspect is mostly a way to artificially extend gameplay, because it certainly doesn't create any meaningful variation from one life to the next. I was really looking forward to this game, but I have to say I'm sorely disappointed."
,Recommended,535480,33950861,Posted: 1 August,all,drj3rk,"This game is absolutely incredible.  I have to say it took a little bit for me to get completely into it.  It started ok, and was immediately atmoshperic and beautiful.  After playing another, similar, recent game though, I wasn't totally sure of how I felt about the mechanics of the game.Last night I pressed forward for a few more hours, and everything just clicked, the game took off, and now I think it may be one of my absolute favorites of this style.  The key was to think about the combat differently than the other game.  Instead of trying to be pixel precise, this game has more of a delicate and graceful flow to its combat.  I described this elsewhere as a flying ballet of death.  :)  Like playing Crouching Tiger.  Instead of rigid combat, one can flow and float from one enemy to the next by rolling, floating, flipping, and basically fly across entire screens smoothly chaining from one enemy to the next.  It's absolutely beautiful and savage.  As more skills and drops become unlocked things just get better and better.The game makes you feel like a total badass without getting too easy.At first I thought this game may need some tweaking, but now I can't put it down, was up WAY to late playing it, and I really don't think the devs should change a single thing.As you already know if you're looking at the videos and shots above, this game is absolutely gorgeous.  The sound is every bit as good as the visuals, the controls, while different than other similar games are very precise (if you grant the inertia effects).I really couldn't be happier, and now I'm going to buy a couple more copies and gift them to a few friends.Excellent work devs!Edit:  I thought I'd add a quick comment after doubling my play time.  It just keeps getting better the more one plays.  I see a lot of people complaining about things, and it's their right to do so, however, I think much of it stems from the way they are approaching this game.  The depth in combat comes from acrobatics, chaining attacks, and creating a flow to each battle.  If one just runs in and mashes the attack button, A) it's not going to be too fun, and B) it's not going to work very well.  I think the key to the early game is learning the tricks of better mobility, and getting a certain mobility upgrade.  Once one grasps the movement well, this game is perfection."
,Not Recommended,535480,33935255,Posted: 31 July,all,MBA | Dread,"Was really looking forward to this game as I'm a huge fan of Metroidvania style games, but this really disappointed me. After reading the reviews and seeing some negative ones I thought I'd try it out anyway but I immediately knew what they were talking about and got bored of the environments and the combat after maybe 30 minutes.Enemies, for the most part, just run at you in large groups, which basically forces you to mash the attack button or run away, which just isn't very fun. There's a major feeling of flawed gameplay and a lack of polish. Certain animations seem a little bit off. Certain bits of platforming just don't feel good.Compared to similar games like Hollow Knight or Axiom Verge, this majorly falls short. The combat is lacking, the atmosphere is lacking. Some of the visuals are really great, but unfortunately they can't carry the game. I got a refund."
,Recommended,535480,33873447,Posted: 28 July,all,Taxidermy,"Beautiful to look at, action is very smooth and natural feeling. Kinda doesn't feel like a metroidvania though, the level design is a bit loose (that's usually the nature of games with procedurally generated content).This game is right up your alley if you liked any of the following; Dead Cells, Salt and Sanctuary, Rogue Legacy."
,Recommended,535480,33870115,Posted: 28 July,all,rai_hikari,"I think this game is suffering from the similarly polarized response Dark Souls I recieved. It's too hard for the average gamer, and you honestly should not bother with this game if you don't actively enjoy a challenge, because a grand story isn't there to really reward you for anything but a desire to meet a challenge or a desire to be stronger.You should buy this game if you like old school megaman games (Talking megaman X, though this plays closer to Megaman Zero), Early Metroid, Early Castlevania, and Strider. It's playstyle is clearly aimed towards a retro style combat first approach.The game gets funner as you go, a lot like metroid, and megaman, as you get more abilities and become stronger.The fun of the game is in it's combat. If you don't like megaman zero, or Strider style combat, this game probably isn't for you. If you do like those things like I do, then you will love this game because it does those things better in my opinion. It does that combat better than megaman zero, however. Every direction has a basic attack, both in the air and on the ground. The comboes go together fluidly and it feels very responsive.It is a rogue-like. This means procedural generation. The purpose the procedural generation plays is it keeps your brain from falling asleep when you're forced to walk from the spawn back to where you were headed. It also softens death because the only way to get spend your shards (the souls equivalent in this game) is to go back to spawn. This means goodies await you at each death. The skill tree is large, and you'll always have something to hunt for.It has exploration, but not the type you might expect. You aren't really supposed to take your time and explore in this game. All secrets can be heard, so there's no reason to stop yourself from just rolling through because you'll hear a little jingle when there's treasure to be searched for. There's also a mechanic where hordes will come after a certain amount of time, which is essentially a massive rush of mobs. Talking about 30 or more. To be honest, this needs some balancing on hard mode, but the devs already have a beta out to start tackling it.So far about 10 hours in on writing this review and have cleared out the first area, and have yet to really make a dent in the second area. For an $18 game this is some of the most value you're going to get.There is also replayability, as the game has an ""Embrace or Resist"" mechanic. There are special shards called elder shards. On getting one, you have a choice. Corrupt an ability you gained from the remnants of past explorers (And as a consequence corrupt yourself as well), or destroy the elder shard and gain an improvement to your base abilities available in the skill tree, as well some shards to spend. So far I've went with the resist option, because I like to pick the pure option first, and I'm very satisfied with the upgrades I've got, so I'm really looking forward to the corrupting option on my second play through.This game is good for the money. It will take your time, and you will be able to come back to it in the same way you're able to go back to a megaman or metroid game once you've forgotten the levels, except with this game you don't have to forget what with the procedural generation."
,Recommended,535480,33967080,Posted: 2 August,all,IHiatus,"I was getting frustrated at the beginning but by the end combat feels pretty smooth. The skill tree, perks, and abilities make the seemingly impossible easy once you get all the abilities."
,Recommended,535480,34720525,Posted: 3 September,all,Sadly Not,"The TL;DR: I absolutely recommend this game, but with the caveat that you play at least 2 hours and acquire the shield and the first two abilities. The game transitions from alright to amazing once you get those abilities. For those of you who played Hollow Knight, think of how dreary Hollow Knight was in the Forgotten Crossroads area until you got into Greenpath.Now for the long review.I’ve completed the game once already on Normal difficulty and it took about 12 hours and under 20 deaths. I have some extra playtime doing completionist things. I plan on playing through it again with different choices because the game was super fun. I’ve played Symphony of the Night, Super Metroid, and Hollow Knight so I’m fairly experienced with metroidvanias and I’d say that Normal was fun but Hard was probably a better choice for my level of experience.Let’s start with the good.The game essentially has two choices, you “Resist” and destroy Elder Shards or you “Embrace” and use them for power. This choice not only changes the game ending but actually massively changes your gameplay so there is replay value for at least two playthroughs.Like most metroidvanias you acquire abilities by exploring the map. These abilities unlock mobility to access new areas. What’s interesting is that Sundered has a passive skill tree similar to Rogue Legacy where you spend currency from breakables and defeating enemies to improve your character. While most of the passives are raw number improvements there are some interesting keystones which change how some abilities function. The most interesting parts of character customization are the perks which you can freely change. These perks are acquired through exploration and give significant advantages. What’s cool is that some also come with drawbacks, similar in style to Path of Exile’s keystones. These drawbacks challenge you to adjust your playstyle in order to really press your advantages.The “Embrace” gameplay is fantastic. Embracing enhances all of the abilities that you unlock, providing you with an insane boost in mobility. You can soar smoothly across all areas and dance around all hordes that you fight. Thunder Lotus managed to take a lot of well-known metroidvania abilities and give them a breath of fresh air. I won’t get more specific because I don’t want to spoil too much, but it feels damn good. I highly recommend doing this in your first playthrough because it gives you a lot of room to get comfortable with the gameplay and make mistakes.I haven’t played it yet but I’ve read that in “Resist” gameplay you lose the bonus mobility in exchange for unique passives that modify all of your combat abilities, and you get an extra perk for further character customization. This mode is definitely intended for a second, more experienced playthrough as you have more combat power but less mobility to get out of bad situations.Did I mention the art? Because the art is goddamn incredible. The animation is beautiful, the enemies look awesome, the bosses are JAW-DROPPING and the environments with parallaxing backgrounds are gorgeous. The music is also amazing with changes in intensity and theme as the tension in battles rises, especially so during the boss battles. I am buying the OST because I catch myself looking the songs up on Youtube daily and I think that the composer Max LL is fantastic.The third area in the game is worth mentioning because it adds so many cool mechanics and I was in awe exploring it. If you aren’t impressed with the first two areas definitely play until you reach the third. I won’t say anything else so it can be a pleasant surprise when you make it there.Now there are two problems with the game which probably caused a lot of the negative reviews. None of these were game-breaking for me but I think everyone getting into the game should acknowledge these problems before purchase.First, the large hordes in the first 1-2 hours of the game are very difficult because you do not have the tools to deal with them. Until you unlock the shield and the first two abilities (which you can easily acquire within 2 hours) large hordes feel a bit unfair and I got frustrated when a couple of larger hordes swarmed me. However, once you get those first abilities you have all the tools that you need to manage hordes and the game starts feeling a lot more fair in its challenge. On one hand this problem made it so gratifying to smash my first large horde with my new abilities. On the other hand I wonder if it would have been better to give players those abilities sooner considering they are key to managing hordes, which are prominent even in the early game.Knowing this, you should be rushing the shield and the first two abilities ASAP. They are immediately visible on the map when you start the game so you know where to go. Do not be shy about reading the game guide if you are having a tough time, the game provides ample challenge later.Second, a tip the game gives through hints but really should explain when you get the ability is that the double jump (Leaping Device) resets when you attack any enemy or breakable. This means that you can stay in the air forever as long as you alternately hit something and double jump. This is key to surviving hordes because you stay safe from ground enemies and you can essentially hit enemies to leap out of bad situations. Players who don’t know this are going to have a bad time.There are a few other minor problems. The randomly generated areas are not particularly great nor bad, I think if they were static the game would have been just as good. There are static hard points where key things are acquired so don’t worry about the random generation making exploration hard. Areas you have explored stay revealed on your map. Loading times are not super fast but I do not have an SSD and the devs have acknowledged the issue stating that they are working on it. I expect the loading times to be much better with a month or two of love from the devs.Overall, I give the game 8/10. If the early game was tuned better and the load times were improved I’d give the game 10/10. There are no issues that the devs cannot fix and even if they do not fix the issues I would still recommend the game. It was definitely an experience that I’m glad early negative reviews did not turn me away from."
76561197999999443,Recommended,535480,33963944,Posted: 1 August,all,ShadyIMG,"So far I've done one play through of the game and I had a good time. :) Will probably replay the harder difficulties and try to get the other endings, but for now I'll recommend this game as it was fun. :)For claritys sake, I do agree with others about the cons of the game. Sometimes it gets so crazy you lose track of where you are. Jumping around and dodging sometimes lands you into the environmental hazards and they aren't affected by how much armor you have.If you're into Metroidvania games, I do consider getting this in your library."
,Recommended,535480,33955221,Posted: 1 August,all,Weslol,"This will be an extensive review that will try to cover all my thoughts about this game. It will contain spoilers about the abilities and key details of Sundered. Ill section this review into 3 parts that will go over my experience, what the game could improve, and a message to the developers.TLDR: If you like hard games with a hack and slash feel and tough boss fights – its amazing.-----------------------------------------------------------1. My ExperienceAfter reading other reviews and hearing about the difficulty, I took the game on as a challenge and did my first playthrough on hard. The first hour is like the honeymoon phase where the game is just letting you learn basic mechanics and what to expect. I liked the combat and how quick you could jump from mob to mob and just tear them apart. But very quickly the game starts to ramp up the difficulty when it introduces new monsters and gives you access to new abilities. I realized I could always handle the first horde that appeared, but after the first I would have to consider running. This wasn't necessarily a bad thing but slows down progression because I would have to return to the sanctuary before I got a chance to continue from the furthest point I got to in the previous life. I didn't mind this very much because traveling across the map is pretty fast especially once you unlock later abilities.Playing on hard was frustrating but rewarding. Anytime I beat a boss, miniboss, or horde, I felt that I had overcome a big disadvantage.Even though dying was frequent, I was always making progress towards something (either new skills, or unlocking new areas, or getting new perks/abilities). I loved the momentum that the game has when you're running around killing mobs, dodging, wall jumping, and grappling.In terms of pacing, the game spaces out unlocking abilities to avoid letting you get to content that is too hard. This is good because you don't get stuck going the same route that you can't beat. For example, unlocking the energy cannon helps you kill large packs of mobs and unlocks new areas. Therefore, delaying the acquisition of the energy cannon makes sense. But unlocking the double jump just felt like an ability that should have been a standard feature (although this is justified thematically because Eshe is only human, although unlocking it alongside the shield would make sense). The air dash also felt like it comes in too late in the game, this doesn't ruin any part of the game it’s just a slight annoyance. But, the grappling hook being the last ability unlocked is disappointing, because having more to play around with it would be great.The grappling hook made the game so fun, it keeps the momentum of the game feeling fast and allows you to reach flying mobs that are staying far above and force you to slow down and wait for them to get in range.Basically, the game feels great when you don’t have to wait around and you can continue killing mobs and getting closer to the amazing boss fights.The boss fights are the highlight of the game and they don't make any concessions when it comes to difficulty. All mechanics are technically dodge-able but you can be overwhelmed by everything that happens simultaneously.It makes you decide on focusing on either damage (kill boss faster and rely on dodging) or survivability (allow room for mistakes but boss fights can last a long time). Any path you take is viable and this makes the game feel great, as you’re unlocking new talents because you can’t really mess up your talents. On hard, there are times when you're going to have to slow down and grind for new upgrades and this can be kind of tedious, but I think on normal you can make consistent progress without slowing down and grinding.So, after about 35 hours I finished my playthrough and started a normal playthrough to see the difference between normal and hard. I could play much more carelessly and rush through the first area very quickly. Most of that can be attributed to already knowing most of the locations of objectives and where to go, but after 2 hours of my second playthrough I had already killed the first boss (took me about 8 hours on hard) and started on the second area. I believe hard mode makes you get less points for upgrading, and makes the damage upgrade give +2 (+3 on normal). Personally, I think it should not reduce the effectiveness of the damage upgrade and take longer to get upgrades.I loved the variety between zones, the first area is a good and has both open and tight rooms that force you to consider ways of dealing with enemies in different situations. The second area is more claustrophobic and easy to get lost in, you must watch your map closely or else you won’t know where to go. The third area is my favorite because of how open it is and the how much the grappling hook is utilized. The other areas tend to make you travel horizontally and downwards, but the 3rd area makes you travel upward. Using the grappling hook makes travel so fast and makes combat even more fast paced, there’s also no downtime getting back to where you were because the elevator can get you close to where you want to go.-----------------------------------------------------------2. What the game can improve(I’m omitting things that have been pointed out in other reviews to avoid redundancy)Limit flying mobs to stay out of walls. It really kills the momentum when you can’t reach a mob 	because it’s inside a wall or its shooting you from another room.Movement abilities could’ve been introduced earlier.Have a bigger incentive for killing hordes, they’re a big struggle for not much pay off.Shift power from perks into talents, the difficulty of playthroughs can be determined by which perks 	randomly drop.The ending. With how many crystal rooms there were that build up the lore, I was expecting the story to 	be tied up nicely but no it feels like an abrupt cliffhanger (I got the “no escape” and the resist 	ending).After killing the final boss, give hints on what you need to get 100% clear. I spent 3 hours after killing the 	final boss looking around for the hidden shards, perks, finding one miniboss in 3rd area that did 	not show up on map for some reason. I had to look through the steam discussion forums 	because there are no real hints (or even knowledge that they exist) as to where these things are. 	I suggest a feature on the map that shows %clear for each region that way you know which area 	you need to fully explore.When picking hard difficulty tell what disadvantages that entails. (I thought it would only be mobs have 	more health/damage)The bullet hell boss fights where the whole arena is being bombarded is good as a concept, but for me 	it devolved into just running around wildly and focusing on upgrading damage to avoid having 	to deal with too many of these segments. My suggestion is to not cover the entire map, 	but 	focus where the player currently is and where they try to run to. This way there is more	strategy during these parts rather than just praying you survive and healing any damage you   	took in 	that phase.Introduce a way to upgrade perks with upgrade points, I had to use a rank 1 shield converter and a rank 	2 assassin perk for the last boss fight.  ;_ ;Mark where lith enemies spawn after you get the scavenger perk.-----------------------------------------------------------3. Message to the developersThank you for making this game, it feels thematically perfect. The music, the difficulty, the mysteriousness of the setting as you progress really captures the theme of being alone vs. the world in an alien environment. Having to choose resist vs embrace (especially when embrace is presented with so much promise) is a tough choice that feels rewarding and different. Feeling Eshe get stronger and stronger as new abilities are unlocked is great.(1/2)"
76561198116225511,Not Recommended,535480,33861735,Posted: 28 July,all,Aval,"Sundered is a beautiful game. Environment, movement and animations are simply gorgeous. However, this game I can not recommend.I have currently played over 1 hour, half of which is loading time (it takes up to 15 minutes to load game for the first time, however after that it takes approx. 2 seconds. to load a stage). I hope this issue will be fixed shortly.Combat, while well-animated, is rather boring, as you have only 1 attack button and basically only 1 combo available. But that doesn't really matter, because fighting is just so boring and unrewarding. Both the player and the enemies are bullet sponges, and the only kind of difficulty comes from huge amounts of enemies. You literally get swarmed with mobs using AoE attacks, which render dash option pretty much useless.And as if that was not enouh to make me want to stop playing, some parts of environment (although well drawn) cover you and enemies, which causes me to get hit simply because I didn't see what's going on.The enemies spawn 2-3 maps away from you so you never really know what you're fighting.Another big issue is the fact that maps, while randomly generated, basically look the same which makes the game even more irritating/boring.The game has few redeeming factors. Main being:-beautiful hand-drawn environments and animations-very climatic soundtrack-interesting lore (from what I've gathered so far)-creators are very in touch with the community, which makes me feel a little bad to dislike this gameI am aware that this game is still in developement, and a lot can be changed. However I can't honestly recommend this game to anyone in it's current state and hope it will improve soon."
76561197995627028,Not Recommended,535480,33858548,Posted: 28 July,all,Red Terra,"80 minutes so far annnnnd... boy is this repetitive.It's so beautiful, so well animated, so interesting.And yet the gameplay is just sooooo repetitive. Dozens of enemies, only 1 attack button (so far at least), and both you and the enemy feel like bullet sponges.And the Procedually generated environments. Seeing the same rooms over and over again is just dull.Really disappointed. Had high hopes for it. I don't know if they can even fix the issues as the problems are fundamental."
,Recommended,535480,33918005,Posted: 30 July,all,JohnPaulGrim,"Ok, so I played the hell out of this game in the past three days.Half of my playtime was out of sheer stubbornness in not giving the game any satisfaction at my misfortune.This game is really fun, think dark souls meets castlevania.My only problems with this game, in all honesty, IS THE #$$%#@ MAP!Half the time was spent going over and over and over in the same areas, looking at a map that's telling me to go one way when I know I should be going in an opposite section, but this damn box on the map is blinking over and over ""hey dude! come here"".I followed, time and time again I followed, almost always to no avail.Ambiguity is great it games, some, but not all.In this game it just leads to frustration.I beat this game, i loved half of my time in it.Do I recommend it? Sure!Will I ever play this game again?Hell, no.And that really sucks to have to say."
76561198304485310,Recommended,535480,33975733,Posted: 2 August,all,Mortecrane,"First off, I absolutely love this game. The abilities are interesting and when you have them all, quite exciting. The lore though vague and hidden can, if you willing to put the effort in, paint quite the intriguing picture about the game's story. I would say about 80 percent of the bosses presented a rather nice challenge.Ok now we are done with the good, time for the bad.The hordes can be annoying and overwhelming especially in the first region. What's wrong with the first region you might ask? Hunters! The problem with these guys is that they can fire at you from up to three rooms away, added to that you can get about six firing on you at once. This can lead to painful backtracking.Finally the ugly, spoiler alert by the way.The first half of the final boss for the embrace ending is annoying as all heck and a large difficulty spike from the rest of the game. They just dodge alot then either fire or do a power attack.Now this would not be to bad if it was not for the fact that they hit like truck, have a rapidly recovering, strong shield and a large health pool.All bosses and enemies in this game have at least one weakness this boss does not. The only way I have beaten it is by spamming a large damage, high crit, hidden move. That is  not challenge, its just tedious.Overall this is a fun game with, I would say, one mabye two minor problems."
,Recommended,535480,34082752,Posted: 7 August,all,KuPPeRz^,"I am currently on my second playthrough due to this game's multiple endings, but wanted to take a moment and give a short review before I continue.First & foremost, I just clicked on Pyre which was right next to Sundered on the market, and it made me want to click on Sundered afterwards just to see how much others were enjoying the game...and I am disappointed with how many negative reviews have been posted. I always suspect there will be some people for every game that just have to bash it even if it's the best game on the planet to date, but I didn't expect as many as I saw. Some are downright lies (not opinions, just lies), and some are posting opinions about things that aren't but don't know it's there and yet to come.I haven't been as addicted to a metroidvania since Guacamelee came out, and that is saying something because i've played them all. Sundered forces you to be on your toes, it's a system that rewards you for fluid combat, and only becomes easier as you master the unlocked abilities for your chosen path, all while allowing you to choose how you approach combat with advantages/disadvantages to their 3 perk max system. Sure, hoards may seem overwhelming at times but that is the challenge! No matter how repetitive it is, you can find yourself slaying through the hoards one after another only to be demolished by the next due to misplacement. I had perks on to spawn more hoards and have normal enemies drop more shards, so it was more rewarding to me.The boss fights (not mini) were a work of art all on it's lonesome. How few they were but how great it was. Challenging and fit in very well with the storyline. Personally, i'm enjoying the storyline much more the second time around now that I know i'm treading a different path.If you like challenges and don't want to feel like all you did was zip through a game, then Sundered is for you."
76561198318664773,Recommended,535480,34357055,Posted: 19 August,all,Avatar K,"The animation the main character's moves. This, combined with the facts that the moves are easily cancelled by each other and are fairly smooth on there own, results in the main character's moves feeling nice to use. The items one gets usually revolve around mobility and all but one are designed to be used in combat, not just for reaching new areas. I thought the abilities were quite well-designed.The large, chaotic fights add intensity and were fun for me. The bosses are usually huge and sometimes have attacks covering the screen, even when you are only on one side of the screen, and the hordes can contain a lot of enemies all trying to kill you at once. To me, the game was difficult (I was on normal difficulty) in a good way, for part of the game.When one can easily beat a horde of enemies and is trying to do something else, the horde mechanic could be irritating, but I did not have much of a problem with it.To me, the story was interesting. There are no cutscenes, excluding the brief times when the player cannot control his/her character while the character is getting a new item or corrupting an ability, so the story is told as one plays through the game. I liked this.Because the upgrade tree can be fully completed, the choices made using it were more about when to get something than if to get it, for me. The perks, however, do allow for customization, though one has little control over what the perks he/she acquires are.The game was not well balanced in some ways.  The shield absorb perk seemed to be notably stronger against large groups of enemies than any other perk, especially when used in conjunction with another specific perk. In addition, because of the extra durability from upgrades, the last couple bosses did far less damage relative to my durability than the first couple bosses, which meant they were far easier. Difficulty added to the intensity of the boss fights, so the decreased difficulty made the game less fun."
,Not Recommended,535480,34454287,Posted: 24 August,all,Nogeios,"Pros:-Art is 10/10-Combat is extremely fluid, I never felt like I died becaue of janky controls-Story is really interestingCons:-Upgrade tree is extremely costy in comparison to how many ""souls"" enemies drop (sometimes entire packs of 10 enemies drop 10-20 souls, each upgrade cost about 210 when I stopped)-Shooting enemies (esp. Snipers) can get stuck behind barriers, meaning you have to ignore them[These 2 things lead me to begin completely ignoring enemies that spawn, as it was faster and safer to just dodge shooting enemies and jump around the other ones]-Dodge meter; you can increase your stamina to get more dodges, but when there's dozens of enemies attacking at the same time, 4 dodges means that you either get lucky and i-frame the biggest portion of damage or take a huge chunk of damage.-Health packs are extremely few and far between, you'll probably find 2-3 across an entire area spread across 10-20 rooms per areaOverall this game put me in a really weird headspace; I really enjoy the idea of the game, and the creators seemed to have really good direction for the game, but the execution made everything fall flat to me. If they didn't have the skill tree, made the enemies worth fighting or the combat more interesting, I'd have definitely kept with it."
76561197991817821,Recommended,535480,33919866,Posted: 30 July,all,Boink,"Will write a full review soon, but:As long as you don't expect a traditional metrovania, and understand how horde games are supposed to work, it's excellent.The major issue is that everyone expected a traditional metrovania akin to Hollow Knight and got massively disappointed.Major thing to understand: You can farm perks / upgrades & doing so is almost essential to progress and you're supposed to die. In fact, dying is kinda the point until you solve the challenge / boss rooms.Issues being solved by devs soon - there's a beta (optin) version that speeds up the load times hugely, expect a patch soon."
76561198043738886,Not Recommended,535480,33878860,Posted: 29 July,all,6ixpounder,"Thunder Lotus have produced a game that, much like their previous title""Jotun"", looks and sounds absolutely incredible. Unfortunately, unlike ""Jotun"", thats about the only thing this game does right. The uneven distribution of enemies means gameplay fluctuates between long runs through empty chambers and being swarmed by hordes of enemies at once. This combined with the low drop rate of upgrade materials initially had me thinking that the game was designed so that combat was a last resort. However, the basic platforming feels equally finicky, at least without any abilties. This is exacerbated by the procedurally generated parts of the levels; wall jumping your way towards a boss only to discover two rooms no longer connect, or worse, getting to the door only to realise you can't actually enter it yet which makes exploring feel extremely tedious. Despite not liking this game after only an hour I pushed on for another ~30 minutes because I really did want to like this game, but I just don't. I should mention that I was playing on hard mode so much of this difficulty/frustration could be self-imposed."
76561198067395412,Not Recommended,535480,33925592,Posted: 31 July,all,Lif,"Pretty enviornments, but its all the same with a slight difference each time.  Unfortunately I can't reccomend this title, if you are looking for a game similar but with more depth and overall polish I'd say just grab Dead Cells."
,Recommended,535480,33937139,Posted: 31 July,all,Snare,"Sundered is a fantastic game with very simple base mechanics that emerge into more and more unique complexity as the game goes on. The uniqueness of the overwhelming Hordes is its main appeal and forces you to ACTUALLY choose between fight or flight. Depending on the encounter, one or the other is the 'correct' choice. I'd like to think that if this became a conceptual genre, it'd be called ""Enemy Hell"", named after the Bullet Hell genre.The death system is an interesting one. When one dies in Sundered, they're taken back to the safe spot of Sanctuary where they may take their hard-earned Shards and level up and assign perks. This incentivizes you to be more reckless, take more chances, run for that shortcut, make a mad dash through hordes of enemies, take a chance going after some challenge room. Because failure means that you become stronger. Almost every time I die I have enough shards to buy at least one upgrade. This system takes away what would be a far greater sting of defeat and is a very smart piece of level design.The platforming controls are very tight with only the occasional janky hiccup when it comes to platform navigation. The game is opaque and the opacity will appeal to those that are fans of spatial navigation and planning out routes and self-made goals. For those who enjoy clarity, this might be a bit trying and cause you to get frustrated. This opacity lends itself well to the lore of the story, leaving you feeling as if you're a bystander caught up into this great decaying world, thrust into a situation well beyond your means or comprehension. Resist or Embrace?I don't have to say anything about the game's visual style, it's ♥♥♥♥ing great.The main issue of this game for me is that the game itself constantly tells you how non-linear it is and it DOES have a fair degree of freedom to it, but it's not exactly as open as it implies. There's a few regions and within each of those regions things are blocked off by abilities, which is to be expected, but in each of the regions the enemies become more difficult. If you go through what I feel is the game's 'recommended' route, the rise in difficulty is elegant and keeps throwing in a new curveball to keep the whole experience fresh. If you go to a later area as soon as you're able to rather than when you're 'done' with a region, you'll soon find yourself facing enemies and challenges that make you wish you had the stats to do better against them.I would strongly recommend this game for any core gamers and most average gamers, but it might be a bit of a put off to the more casually inclined with the maps opacity and occasional difficulty spikes when changing regions."
,Recommended,535480,34205946,Posted: 12 August,all,Warcry,"This game is stunning. I adore the artwork and the playstyle takes me back to playing Mega-man, contra and all sorts of side-scrollers from my youth. The progression tree for the skills/upgrades is staggeringly broad and interactive and the unique setting is fully engaging. Can't recommend this enough to people."
,Recommended,535480,34510614,Posted: 26 August,all,Xearo,"A goddamn fantastic metroidvania. Slick, satisfying combat with a skill tree you can work your way through. Quick level progression, interesting abilities and monsters.Pros:- Beautiful. Absolutely beautiful game.- Fun combat- Engaging story- Interesting boss battle mechanics- Replayability- 3 endings- Rewards for exploration, grinding not necessarily required for progressionCons:- The end-boss (EDIT: I got the good ending after all) is not at all fun, unlike all the others. It's so frustratingly bad that it gets its own point here. Pretty much everything else about the game is flawless. This was the only part of the game I was decidedly not enjoying myself.- The enemies are split into 3 areas and then reskinned within those areas as they get stronger. There're about 4 types of enemy per zone. Bit of a shame, but you barely notice it honestly.Honestly I wish I could give a copy of this to all of my friends, I want them to experience it and to support the team behind it so they can make more.9/10"
76561197967668421,Recommended,535480,34024478,Posted: 4 August,all,Feanor,"SPOILER FREE REVIEWI love me some Metroidvanias, but now Thunderlotus who made the beautiful but dull Jotun, Thunderlotus, have delved into the genre with a bonechilling horror style!Sundered is a fast paced Metroidvania.  Atmospheric like Hollow Knight, but much faster paced, and with Thunderlotus's signature hand-drawn sprites.  Player's take control of Eshe, a middle eastern woman spirited away to an underground cavern, beneath a desert.  The first thing she encounters is a glowing, purple jewel with a sinister voice and language, empowering her with a force extending out of her limbs and solidifying for attacks.  It does this to help her defend herself, but why is it helping her.  He is clearly up to no good, and the caverns hold a most horrid secret, tempting Eshe with power beyond imagination.  Will the player choose to Resist, or Embrace it?You will find me making comparisons to Hollow Knight a lot.First, Eshe is a fast character.  Really fast.  She leaps and bounds, and has a magnificent Dodge Roll, and comes with a five-hit combo.  Upgrades will improve her combat, evasion and navigation abilities, as expected of a Metroidvania.  Each upgrade is well thought out.What is unique about this Metroidvania is that there is only one checkpoint.  ONE!  Furthermore, progression is non-linear.  The map will point out a locked door or boundary.  If the lock is brown, it flat out tells out you need a new ability to proceed without spoiling it.  If the lock is light blue and solid, its guaranteed to be unlockable on the other side (like Dark Souls and Bloodborne.)Enemies come almost exlusively in Hoardes.  They  are simplistic, one-trick ponies, but when you hear the alarm (called The Gong) they will come at you in massive numbers.  Its up to the player to mop them up, or use Eshe's speed to avoid them to get to whatever upgrade or locked door you seek before you die.  If the lighting is a deep, dark red, you are underleveled for an area...will you turn back or will you end your run harvesting as much Shards as you can before you die?Before I mention Dark Souls too much, don't worry, you don't lose your shards when you die.  The solo checkpoint I mentioned is also where you spend Shards on upgrades.  A tech tree appears with nodes, and the player can spend Shards branching the tree out, boosting Eshe's stats.  *every* stat is precious, even Luck (which helps you level up faster due to improved Shard drop rates.)  Only the order in which you spread throughout the branches matters to your preferences.  You will have cleaned out the entire tree by the time you're through.There are also Perks.  I observed ony three of them give you benefits without any tradeoffs.  A conservative player will use only those three, but as the game warns you, the tradeoffs are worth the riskier perks.Lets talk about how this Metroidvania is ""nonlinear.""  Your understanding of this will help you enjoy the game more. There is *less* of a sequence to break in Sundered, but its still there.  The first three bosses can be taken down in any order, but the fourth is where @#$% gets real.For a while, I could not beat this fourth boss.  I have the twitch skills but I just-couldn't-take him!  Frustrated, I finally explored, which I should have in the first place.  It led to me exploring a new area, where beefier enemies overwhelmed me but provided me with the XP I needed to beat him.  Fixating on a boss or an area will make you miserable.  In the late game, I did just that, while disregarding areas I had new abilities for but didn't bother to return.  What eneded up happening was that I suffered through one area only to breeze through another.Finally, ""Resist or Embrace"" is the major choice the player has to make.  The choice is permanent, and it will lead to a very different gameplay experience from beginning to end that I will not spoil.  The choice is *so* different, it makes the game worth at least two 100% runs.I haven't even gotten to the art yet.  As expected, its both beautiful and horrific.  Its not a scary game in the sligtest, but still cool and creepy.  It will create some unforgettable boss battles.Now I will talk about what I didn't like about the game.  First, for my first run, it felt like I was fighting the map more than I was fighting enemies in the end game.  In Sundered, you *absoultely* want to find all the upgrades for reasons I will not spoil, and the map is *not* equipped to help you do so, forcing players to reach for Wikis and Youtubes to find everything.  (I raised this complaint to Thunderlotus and they are aware.  Perhaps this will change.)  Your second runs will be less painful.  Second, Its clear they are a small studio.  The majority of bosses are larger versions of the simplistic hoard enemies you will mow down throughout the game: usually made more difficult by putting hoards and hazards beside them.  One late-game mini boss was so lame that the hazards around it were the bigger threat than it, so it felt like a cheap shot.  Finally, the non-linear progression may cause difficulty spikes depending on where you explore and where you fixate.  I tore through one area because I suffered through another.ProsFast paced, free flowing MetroidvaniaBonechilling setting, plotThe art and music!Important decsions will adjust gameplay just enough to make it worth two 100% playthroughs (10-12 hours each)Amazing major boss battlesConsMinibosses are large, pallate swapped enemiesSome players will not like the singular checkpointThe map will upset completionists (this may be fixed later.)If you like Metroidvanias, you cannot go wrong with Sundered."
,Recommended,535480,35031107,Posted: 17 September,all,rayd1234,"I've really enjoyed my time in Sundered, exploring the various regions, discovering all the abilities and upgrade paths.  It's a little obtuse at first as you're kind of dropped in without a whole lot of direction, but once you get the hang of the basics it's a super fun ride from their on out.  The hordes are daunting at first, but just run away if you're underleveled and they'll leave you alone soon enough (or enjoy the easy cash if you're overleveled).  The perks and upgrades feel satisfying, lots of a new forms of combat and movement that are fun to use in combination with each other.  My only regret is at some point the game ends... :)"
76561198005755954,Recommended,535480,33993372,Posted: 3 August,all,BJSV,"Finished the game on hard. I took my time with 17+ hours to get 100% on first run.The game is hard and you will die quite a lot, but the progression is non linear and if you get stuck you can always choose to go the other way or to just stop and farm enemies and treasures so you can upgrade your stats enough to beat the part you were stuck on.The skill tree is not too big (but big enough) and it takes around 500k (during endgame with right perks you can get around 100k for clearing 2nd area) of game currency to upgrade everything which offers you enough damage, defense and utility to go through game at reasonable pace and without too much effort, so don't be discouraged by negative reviews who complain about the difficulty because they just tried to rush things.Only thing I find a little annoying is the ""floaty"" feel of movement but after a while you get used to it."
76561197980057639,Recommended,535480,34038824,Posted: 5 August,all,.hannes,"Potential spoilers aheadProsGreat soundtrack/gorgeous art designMultiple endingsLarge worldAmazing boss fightsPerk systemHidden abilityNeutralGame ends to soon after getting all abilitys.ConsThe charge attack ability feels kinda forced into the gameYou learn like nothing about your CharakterIt feels different to all the other metroidvania games in a positiv way. The Horde mode which fits the game and setting really well, is as soon as you get a few ""level ups"" and perks rather easy to master.All in all a really great game with awesome, helpful and communicative developers. If you are into metroidvanias you should get it."
76561197985314865,Recommended,535480,33945260,Posted: 1 August,all,Zugelbot,"I don’t really write reviews on here but feel that this game deserves my time, especially after looking though a few reviews and seeing a lot of negativity (not necessarily undeserving). I feel the biggest problem people are having with this game is coming from the expectation of a Metroidvania (exploration a cool and interesting world gated off by abilities but that gets bigger and expands as you gain strength…. Oh and also a little combat) and this game is definitely lacking a really interesting and fun to explore word, when compared to the best of the genre (SOTN, Super Metroid,) this is a combat focused game much so over the exploration and that’s turning a lot of people off to it. So, if you’re interested in a very pretty 2d beat um up with combat that feel like a mix of guacamelee and DMC with a bit of simple but fun exploration, and a sprinkle of Rogue-like elements (that are interesting but don’t really help or hurt the game) then give it a shot, I personally dig the combat and art enough to write this poorly worded, badly gramareafied, pointless steam review instead of my POLI 200 essay that’s due in like a hour… so that’s pretty high praise…. If the game doesn’t sound like your cup of tea just go play hollow knight that’s just as pretty and more typical Metroidvania-y"
76561198060907832,Recommended,535480,33962019,Posted: 1 August,all,Yourname942,This game is fantastic. I find myself wanting to explore and not put the controller down.Pros:The combat is engaging and challengingThe artstyle and animations are gorgeousCons:The not quite so precision jumping (trying to land on platforms that you want to takes a bit to get used to)
76561197976222615,Not Recommended,535480,33887842,Posted: 29 July,all,InstableMonster,"The game looks good but the combat is seriously lacking, couple hours in and only having to smash the attack button and a canon is uninteresting, game says the boss fight are epics yet after 3 bosses I've only seen reskinned ennemies with one who could turn itself invisible. The procedural generation doesn't add anything to the game, except making you feel lost and having to look constantly at the map to know where to go to next, I would much rather have a well thought out map. The art, the atmoshpere and the music are nice, but those aren't things that carry a game."
76561198166620870,Recommended,535480,33861205,Posted: 28 July,all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Sundered is basically Risk Of Rain on steroids!I'd like to be the first to call Sundered the next-generation of Risk Of Rain. In Fact, If you like Risk Of Rain, you will like this!I make this comparison as I notice that the horde mechanic fuctions very simarly to Risk Of Rain. Enemies randomly spawn to try to take you down while you explore randomized environments, basically the more enemies you kill and the longer you stay alive the worse the horde of enemies gets.To give this game a proper review I'll start with the good:-The game is gorgeous, it's more beautiful than Hollow Knight and Ori and The Blind Forest.-The combat and abilities are fun-The skill tree/upgrade system is great and permanent-The controls are responsive-It has a unique lovecraftian setting-Great soundtrack-Great hand-drawn animation-Awesome bossesNow let's look at the bad:-Long load times after death (even with ssd)-Game doesn't do a great job of explaining how to progress/objectives not clear-The hordes can get annoying when you want to explore, forcing you to run from an area-Protagonist is silent with no background, explanation to involvement or reason of being involvedAll in all, this is a good game but has it's share of issues (just as any Metroidvania game really). I find that the game does an excellent job of explaining some things and a horrible job of explaining others and I fear that it's with the excuse of ""Non-linear progression"" or ""No hand-holding"". I've played plenty of non-hand holding games but I feel like something is missing with this game. I think this is my only REAL issue with the game, I wish things were clearer so that I can progress faster and not question what the hell I am doing and for what reason.So what keeps me playing? Well I realize that this game (like Risk Of Rain), is a time-sinker, I know I'm going to have to spend hours and hours before any real progression occurs - especially the 1st playthrough... regardless of it being a 15 hour game with multiple endings. The lovecraftian theme, the fear of the unknown and the insanely cool abilities. If it wasn't for those three things then to be honest, I'd probably refund this game but I do find myself wanting to move forward and progress the character even though very little is known about the character causing me not to care much about their well-being in general compared to other games.I will say that Sundered is a huge step-up from Jotun though, and for that I congratulate the developers on. I see the mixed reviews but this is really a good game that should be up there with Hollow Knight and Dead Cells - at least it is for me as far as Metroidvania genre goes."
,Recommended,535480,33863971,Posted: 28 July,all,BlueAura,"Sundered is a metroidvania, action-platformer that features hand-drawn animation and lovecraftian impossible-to-pronounce dialect, made by those who worked on Jotun.  This review aims to inform users of what the game is and debate a controversial topic, hordes.COMBATIn sundered, Eshe's (the main character you play as) main form of attack and one you can use infinitely is her melee with which she has a basic 5-hit combo, an air combo which can maintain your elevation indefinitely if hitting an enemy (also refreshes double jump), a downwards thrust that deals a fair amount of damage while sending Eshe to the ground and an uppercut which she can also use as a platforming element to gain a bit of height to reach a platform if you narrowly miss it.  Her attack's wide sweep double as a means of dishing out damage and by stun-locking multiple opponents momentarily.  The combat is easy enough for even most beginners to grasp and allows you to pay attention to the surrounding area to identify the enemies that don't run straight at you and those that cannot be stun-locked so easily (mostly flying enemies that fire projectiles/ charge at you).  There's plenty of dodging and important tactical decision the player needs to make to successfully survive many of the encounters.  Most of it boils down to knowing if you fight off the horde given your current prediciment, whether your health's too low, location is getting badly swarmed, flying enemies are off-screen, or if you start getting some lilith versions of enemies (theses are essentially mini-boss esque dudes that don't tons of damage)  After dying a lot through trial and error you should be able to have a firm enough grasp of the game to understand how to work about these scenarios.  It should be noted that there are a plethora of additional abilities and perks to equip that increases the combat depth and allows for some truly stellar combos to be displayed, several of which are suited towards the massive hordes you fight throughout the journey.CONTENTThe game is pretty damn huge, boasting a 23 hour long campaign first playthrough and a 46 hour long 100% achievement run-through (I played on hard initially and insane afterwards) with randomly generating levels in-between objectives to keep each playthrough of the game unique and exciting as you weave through treasure chests and the suspense of staying alive as the game slowly tries to engulf you in an overwhelming force.  Areas are unique in both visuals and level layouts, the bottom path opts for cubical level layout, the left path has almost a maze-like pattern where each cardinal direction is used within each contained ""box"" to offer additional challenge and the right path which has the most breadth and distance between each location housing near double the size of the former two paths.  The stark contrast between each of the areas also allows for the hand-drawn aspect to really shine.  Backtracking is required for every death but the areas are relatively close enough to make your ascent/descent shorter than the last (mostly due to you knowing exactly where you need to go after you respawn) I gauruntee you'll make progress with each subsequent death.  You know what's also pretty damn huge?  The bosses.  There's plenty of them and they're all rewarding-to-kill and massive in scale, they really show the beauty of the hand-drawn visuals as they dwarf your character by comparison, simultaneously showing the strong force that Eshe carries with her throughout her journey.The biggest positive with the bosses is definitely the music associated with each. The game dynamically changes the music to suit the mood and really gets your adrenaline pumping in the finale.  It also makes your but clench as you narrowly dodge a monolithic beast slamming down towards you in the 2nd boss. The progressive chanting of Dominion, the thunderous slam + footsteps of Hysteria and the final moments of Splice really resonated with me.﻿The game throws hordes and hordes of enemies at you when you least expect it, most of these hordes range from easy to difficult but managable to even near-impossible.  Most people will argue that it's unfair and bad  game design to have the later but i'm here to argue that it's sufficient to use here for a variety of reasons in the below bullet points.BEWARE THE GONG(Hordes)- Now why did I say earlier in the review that the occasional near-difficult enemy waves suit this game?   One of the biggest reasons I assume why they did this was to enforce the idea of showing you what the ruined world of Sundered is all about, overwhelming forces of enemies that want you to leave their home, but the game refuses you leave, you're better than this, you'll laugh in the face of danger, heck you laugh at the face of certain death!  You'll get more powerful, more apt in dealing with these issues and truly prevail to experience what this massive game has to offer at any damned cost! ... *Ahem* got a bit carried away.- The game is of course very tough as i've detailed, while the player may choose at any time to return to the main hub it's very important that the player is spending their cash into the appropriate upgrades since the game is designed around your progression (I'm sure the game could be completed with none of them if you're a true masochist but that's aside the point).  By refusing to upgrade, you limit your ability greatly and are obviously making the game way more difficult and frustrating than intended.  Some may argue that the game feeds money and improved stats to the player, I honestly believe that the player must earn the money on their own by finding treasure chests and destroying enemies to acquire said gold while also getting better at the game as time goes on.- Dying teaches you what you did wrong, I admit this is somewhat of a cliche/general argument that can apply to a multitude of games but it also applies to Sundered, I can't count the number of times I was too trigger-happy to use dashes to only get away (when I could've also been using them to dodge enemies) Plus, times I should've ran from the horde instead of fighting it throughout, the game is generally very clear in telling the player when you need to run, whether it be your health or how much the enemies are hitting you.CLOSING THOUGHTSI will admit that the horde-style is NOT perfect and is often beyond the capability of the player to escape some situations, however it's clear that the devs are working hard to remedy this issue.  I played the game in hard and replayed the game in insane but recommend you play through normal if you want the most enjoyable version of the game.  I look forward towards the promise of new DLC, really enjoyed my experience with this one.Will you RESIST or EMBRACE Sundered?The choice is yours."
,Not Recommended,535480,33890107,Posted: 29 July,all,[RD] Kura_VII,The game just randomly throws enemies at you all the time from no where. Its not especially hard its just really repetitive dull gameplay. I'm refunding. The game is style over substance. The screenshots look great but the gameplay is weak.
,Not Recommended,535480,33907386,Posted: 30 July,all,SlaterDies,"It's not a metroidvania. You're not playing and memorizing the map metroidvania style,,, you're gaming a skill tree. The whole game is centered around this skill tree, hence you seeing it as a physical space in the game. Cool concept, but falls flat as it tries to paint itself as a Metroidvania. Rando enemies spawning, and usually in a way that is not fun to play. Maps are repetitive looking, and not easy to remember, maps are not easy to read either as they are shown as blocks not as physical shapes (easy to remember). The game wants you to die, so you power up after each death, but the powerups initially are all passive abilities. So the idea is to get frustrated, but alleviation by powering up, it doesn't work. After death you have to start from scratch going through a huge/boring maze to get to a location. You'll never memorize the map, you'll have to always reference a map.... not fun. Great art. Art is amazing, wish they'd make a fighting game."
76561198035663093,Not Recommended,535480,33872550,Posted: 28 July,all,Archaon the Neverchosen,"I want to like it, I really do, but it's just so damn repetive, and the story seems like a sideshow to already meh gameplay."
76561198095937003,Not Recommended,535480,33898245,Posted: 29 July,all,Codny,"As much as I wanted to I cannot recommend this game. It has terrible enimies AI and to make up for that they spawn countless numbers of enemies and sometimes just spike up their HP and damage to increase the difficulty. Exploring punishes you by slowly increasing the numbers of enemies spawned at a time the more you explore start out as 5-10 enemies, but eventueally the numbers goes up to ~50, and all they do is swarm you and slowly chip your HP away. No real skill can let you get through the game, the only way to progress and grind, die, repeat until youre strong enough to kill the most spawned enimies in the area with 2 or 3 hits and killing the big ones with 5-10 hits. Overall this game has good art but it is too rushed and need some serious polishing so each enemies feels like a threat rather than an annoyance until they number up to 10 per type. Also you can't run cause they run faster, teleport and sometimes just straight up break the laws of physic."
76561197979756958,Recommended,535480,34006702,Posted: 3 August,all,thansen669,"This game is a blast.  Hand drawn graphics form a beautiful and terrifying world, that is familiar yet ever changing as you press forward in this rouge-lite masterpiece.   Challenge yields rewards, yields skills, yields access to further challenge.  No portion in repetive.  The heroine is acrobatic and deadly, cutting leaping and blasting her way through enemies that come randomly, deceptively.  Sometimes they are groups, sometimes armies, and at times massed hordes you must stay inches ahead of; slaughtering them before they overwhelm you.  Enemy patterns are simple and predictable, but in large numbers prediction becomes a frenetic paced duck and dive, each encounter only survived by a delicate balance of agility and hostility.  The haters are weak, only the strong willed and quick witted wistand.  Buy it, loose yourself in the frenzy."
76561198051978034,Recommended,535480,34093947,Posted: 7 August,all,caveat,"I really enjoyed this game! It is a well designed metroidvania with fast-paced, enjoyable combat. Make sure you watch a video to know what you are getting into- the combat system is very different from other games in this genre, requiring dodging and crowd control rather than precision strikes.First playthrough on the Embrace path took 16 hours."
76561198081969672,Recommended,535480,34340335,Posted: 18 August,all,Brandor,"This is a very fast paced and engaging game. It is pretty difficult, and overwhelming at several parts as well ( which is a good thing). I liked it"
,Recommended,535480,34363090,Posted: 19 August,all,SeeGeeArtist,"I never thought I'd say it, but I eagerly rate this masterpiece even higher than the beloved Mother of all Metroidvania. Evolution complete. I devoured this game, and will immediately begin a second playthrough. Every detail is exactly as is meant to be. My only nitpick is that the grapple mechanic can be unreliable.9.5/10"
,Recommended,535480,34313036,Posted: 17 August,all,Chavi,A beautifull game that makes you want to keep on playing. If you die you spent your hard earned orbs too crush your enemies
,Recommended,535480,34317955,Posted: 17 August,all,Blumber,"Tremendous game, the graphics are impressive, Eshe movements are very well achieved, the animation method reminds me a lot of disney cartoons. As for creatures could have a little more variation, rather than just a slight change of color, since after a while can be a bit repetitive.The gameplay is pretty good, as the learning curve is not very high at first. It can be a bit challenging at first, but if you pay attention and do not underestimate enemies, this will not be a problem."
,Recommended,535480,34001413,Posted: 3 August,all,Dreamdate,I just played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game and enjoyed it. grabbed me from the get go and didnt let go. fun progression wierd interesting setting (TY HP LOVECRAFT!!!!) Great game feel!
76561198044389300,Recommended,535480,34140752,Posted: 10 August,all,Eruntalan,"Loved everything about Sundered, combat, exploration, and RPG elements, with a great Lovecraftian story to boot. Would recommend to any fan of Metroidvania style gaming."
76561198297902060,Recommended,535480,34117098,Posted: 8 August,all,loons5150,"Ok, so I'm seeing some mixed reviews throughout various sites...some good and some really berating to the overall gameplay. The main gripe I've read is that the button-mashing induced by swarms of enemies mitigates the immersion in the beautiful hand-drawn aesthetic. In light of this, I'm going to proceed with my review in reverse...beginning with what I see as the drawbacks and/or cons:- Yes, there is procedural generation ala rogue-lite. In that, the devs state that enemies spawn randomly. Well, they do spawn. But randomly? I'd be more prone to say they spawn in droves without more than 20-30 seconds between fights to get your bearings. I don't have an issue with challenging inputs and fighting, but when it impedes the flow of the game and your ability to determine where you are and where you are about to go, there is an issue. And, yes, this does distract from the beautiful art style of the game.- Following from the above regarding inability to gauge where you are on the map because of some intense fights, there needs to be a map that engages a pause. I absolutely like the inset map at the lower right to get a general direction as well as the activation of the entire map with the left trigger; however, there needs to be a pause menu map for more methodical area approaches.That’s really all I have in terms of cons. I don’t think the aforementioned negatives nearly make a dent against all the positives this game offers.On to the pros - of which there are lots:- Metroidvania meets Dark Souls meets Rogue Legacy...how can you go wrong? I feel the game does the integration of these genres due justice. There is the exploration of Metroidvania with items discovered that are required for progression. Because of the suggestion toward exploration from the devs, this game offers, on average (from my play and from what I’ve seen in reviews), approximately 17 hours of gameplay! There's the Dark Souls aspect in which you can unlock shortcuts to avoid undue repeat paths. And, then, there's the Rogue Legacy / Rogue-lite aspect. As stated, the enemies spawn in swarms...I wouldn't call that randomized. However, the modular rooms within the discovered larger rooms change randomly, offering some variety to repeated attempts. I normally don't enjoy Rogue-like games because they feel like the devs didn't have enough content, so they just randomize what they have...but, this does it well.- The upgrade system is excellent. I never really felt like I needed to grind to progress. If you just explore and engage in combat, you'll be rewarded. Every time you die or elect to return to the sanctuary, you have a huge skill tree to grow your character. And, the tree becomes larger as more abilities are discovered, as the branches unlock. This was actually my favorite part of the game. And, it allows you to feel like you are maturing each time you return to combat.- The main bosses (and some mini-bosses) are challenging in a fun way. They're epicly massive relative to your puny character which enhances the overall immersion. The boss mechanics force the player to develop strategies and approaches...not just some mash fest. Aside from the skill tree, the boss fights are where this game is at.So, for $20USD, should you buy it? Of course! You'll have a blast!"
76561197993827937,Recommended,535480,34136900,Posted: 9 August,all,Talon,"Sundered is a good , but hard game that can get frustrating at times. The general feel is like they crossed the exploration and movement of metroidvania with the combat and progression system of Path of Exile.Pros:-Great visuals and animations-Upgrade tree while passive, still makes each point spent feel impactfulEvery point of upgrade helpds and feels meaningful-Abilities that help at traversal, but also double as new combat toolsAll the abilities not jsut unlock new places you can go , but also double as moves to help in combat. Elder shards add stuff to these ( whether you choose to Embrace or Resist )-Personal pro : lovecraftian setting-Bosses ( everything about them )-Respects your timeYou always progress ( death doesnt cause you to lose currency ) and the bosses arent just a waste of time if you fail and actually give you resources to get stronger ( imagine if a Dark Souls boss dropped souls when you get them to certain health threshholds )-Fight or flight combatSometimes you get swarmed by hordes , if you are strong enough you can brawl it out or make it into a running fight which is exciting as you fight 10 -20 - 30 enemies at the same time and  dodge and weave through the corridors until you shake them off or actually beating them back is really satisfying.Cons:-Room varietyDue to how procedural generation is handled, you get repeating rooms, especially in the first two areas-Not the sharpest metroidvaniaUnfortunately sometimes visual flare gets in the way of gameplay. Platforming doesnt feel as tight as e.g. Hollow knight and sometimes the larger enemies just block out important parts of the screen, which can make platfomring frustrating at times. Not to mention that losing track of your character due to all that is happaing on the screen is a very real concern.-Enemy generation and Horde frequencyYou are not allowed to stay still in levels. Enemies start to spawn on you or the siren/gong will go off signalling a horde, forcing you to move constantly or face being swarmed by enemies , which on the early levels can get frustrating , though it gets better as you become stronger and fights become shorter and less stressful ( hopefully this gets adjusted a bit in a patch or two )-Punishing/frustrating environmental obstaclesSome of the environemtal obstacles are just plain annoying and unfun, and the damage on them is actually quite punishing-At times frustrating hard instead of fun hardThis usually happens when the above three things come together as one. e.g.  You are being swarmed by a horde in an area full of spikes and hard to climb platforms , both of which you can't see because of the large enemies, while being showered by knockback attacks so you can't even escape. This especially happened often in the third area.ConclusionDespite all the negatives i am glad i bought and finished the game and had alot of fun with it. The game is gorgeous , i liked the setting and the story and it was satisfying to go from fleeing everywhere to crushing my foes under my heel. One of the big things for me was that you always progress, as i work for a living and just dont have the time or energy to bang my head against a boss over and over with no progress to show for my free time.Looking forward to the developers next game as i enjoyed both Jotun and Sundered , however while their visuals are great they need to tighten up the gameplay.Here is a number for the overall experience : 7.5/10"
,Recommended,535480,34002096,Posted: 3 August,all,jacobbyte,"I'm really a fan of this.It took me a while to get the hang of it, it takes some farming to get to a comfortable place in it too, but once you start getting there the combat feels very smooth."
76561197969595513,Recommended,535480,34135704,Posted: 9 August,all,Raith,"Pros: Good core gameplay, excellent boss design, good progression and a neat look.Cons: Story is under developed and the game drags on too long for the ammount of content.  Procedural generation adds nothing and detracts personality.I finished the game in about ten hours (my gameplay clock says more but I left it on a few times).  I would have been much happier finishing it in six for the content that's there.  The procedural room generation was a mistake.  But still an enjoyable game and a safe reccomendation."
76561197994323388,Recommended,535480,34127093,Posted: 9 August,all,Chosen of Hanseath,"Astonding visuals and design, great gameplay and soundtrack. Especially loved level semi-randomization and hordes mechanic. Keeps game intersting despite tons of deaths and somewhat repetative process. As a drawback, almost destroyed my gamepad on Hiram Macias and Cnidaria, not because the bosses were too hard (Cnidaria kinda was the hardset among mini-bosses IMO), but beacuse of the level design and constantly falling through the mini-boss area to my death or, if surviving, inability to return to that boss. Spent more time on them than on ony other bosses.8/10"
,Recommended,535480,34107900,Posted: 8 August,all,penpen ヽ(。_°)ノ,"I've really enjoyed my time with this game so far. The combat feels fluid and challenging in a way that is fair (most of the time). My only complaint about the difficulty (I've been playing on Hard) is that there do seem to be cases where areas and encounters are gated by sheer numbers of mobs and damage vs health. I know it's hard to strike that balance, but it kills a little of the exploration aspect when you quickly stop being able to progress in a certain direction.There are some complaints out there about the way the procedurally generated areas work - mostly lack of variety. While I agree that it would be nice to see some more differences in the tiles, I also wouldn't want to see it sprawl out too much. The way the generation works is well-suited for the story of the game. Eshe is eternally lost in this labyrinth, trying to fight her way out - every time she dies, she forgets what the layout of the area was - this mechanic puts the player in her shoes of having to think on their feet and navigate through a familiar area that's not quite as familiar the last time she remembered it - or do you even remember it at all?It really fits the nightmarish, sanity-challenging lore.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for something challenging and that has some depth to the story and gameplay alike. A lot of the negative reviews I've seen seem to stem from frustrations I also had, but overcame after allowing myself to get more familiar. Content like this just makes me hope for more content from the creators!"
76561198167177951,Recommended,535480,34046820,Posted: 5 August,all,Tuxxic,"I dont understand why this game had mixed reviews at one point. Sure this game isn't a masterpiece, but its fun as hell, and has some really crazy ideas thrown in it. I can TOTALLY agree this game isn't for everyone, and I know this game now has Mostly Positive reviews, but it shouldn't have started out with mixed, that deters some people. I can see why it's frustrating, trust me I know its annoying to die by the terrifying hordes of monsters, but if you JUST wait a little longer and get more upgrades, you can one shot entire sections (excluding endless hords of course).I had a great time emersing myself in the world, the lore, each boss, new challenging opponents, overcoming hordes, getting new powers and exploring what I can and cannot do with each.I do agree this game isn't perfect. Sometimes I ran into places that the procedural generation prohibited me from entering a new area. (I'm looking at you Holy City!) Plus, there were a lot of recycled rooms that the procedural generation took over and over again, but the waves of enemies and finding that next objective kept me going all the way through. (P.S. Thunder Lotus, if you EVER look at this and want to improve your procedural generation in an update or something like that, look at Dead Cells, they do it fantasticly!)Also, I had a problem where enemies would spawn ON the spikes/dangerous surfaces without getting hurt or at least avoiding the terrain. If you guys want to improve that aspect, have enemies be scared of hurty objects, like lasers, or spikes, that makes life SO much easier.Overall, I enjoyed the game (At this point I've started my corruption file even though I haven't finished my first resist one, heheh, I can't help myself. :) The art is amazing, I have the soundtrack, it's fantastic, bosses are so cool, and really fun to go against, and I enjoyed the world, I'd love to see more games set in this dark, creepy lovecraftian setting, its really cool. The only things I think should be improved is some of the mechanics in the game need some touching up and maybe some polish on some of the combat? (If you were to make multiple combos for the attacking animation, that would be so cool and very aestheticly pleasing to the viewer, making combat still simple while still fun to watch.) More awesome weapons would be cool too. Honestly other than that, I can say that I reccomend this game if you've got the willingness yo do so, make sure you don't get angry when you die, and enjoy the world, bosses and abilities for what they are.That's all I have to say, thanks for reading!"
76561198004565481,Recommended,535480,34023407,Posted: 4 August,all,Katmanjoe,"I thoroughly enjoyed this gem.  It is absolutely gorgeous visually, and has very smooth and enjoyable combat.  The story is told in tiny snippets in lore rooms, and a little bit in some skill descriptions, and is relatively minimalistic compared to most games.  The metroidvania parts of getting new abilities feels very good, with each new ability adding more ways to play, and  giving you more options during combat and exploration.  The monster horde mechanism is something that adds quite a bit of pressure to the player, but I really enjoyed that fight for your life or run for your life feeling when it happened.  The game also had a pretty good length, with me getting almost everything in approximately 13 hours or so, and I did 2 playthroughs and had a pretty similar time in each one.  I will definitely do more playthoughs because of what a joy this was to play.  I wish it had been a little bit longer though, even though it felt like a good length.  Overall I would highly recommend this game to metroidvania fans who like a little bit of challenge."
76561198006036231,Recommended,535480,34030293,Posted: 4 August,all,V A P O R W A V E  我 会 喜,"THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC.2D Sci Fi Rogue Dark Souls Game Design.Fluid, crisp, animations.Chilling sci-fi sound desgn.Gorgeous Art Style.Brutal Hack and Slash, Diablo esque combat.Path of Exiles Talent Tree.Ingenious, modular level design.Wicked Boss fights.I could go on.JUST BUY IT AND TRY IT ALREADY."
,Recommended,535480,34038723,Posted: 5 August,all,Just Alex,"If you like Metrovania games... Sundered.If you like gorgeous hand-drawn art... Sundered.If you like going from foundry type machinery to literal demon spawns... Sundered.Seriously, where did those vine creatures come from?!"
76561198030456715,Recommended,535480,33919541,Posted: 30 July,all,Groch',"Really good metroidvania with some rogue like specificities, it felt good playing on normal difficulty as i search to face some challenge, and it definetly was on normal ! abilities are great, the resist or embrace thing is really cool.i was really surprised by Jotun (their previous game) graphic art and i'm amazed by this one, sound is awesome too, this game is really worth taking a look at it !the only downside i could ever write are some minor bugs BUT, developpers respond in the hour on the forums and will update it ! they gave clues and helped people on so much stuff, it really feel like they like what they do and it's an amazing feeling, and the game reflect it, it's awesome !"
76561198045405630,Recommended,535480,33916390,Posted: 30 July,all,Tyrannus0,"There are a lot of tears going about the review page for Sundered right now. Let me explain why they're almost all wrong.Sundered claims to be a survival horror metroidvania. It does exactly that. I've dabbled in countless other games in the genre, grew up on the Metroid series and consumed them bit by bit. At no point is Sundered not a metroidvania. It's backtracking, non-linear playstyle is exactly what should be expected. It's not a flawless game. There's a few key flaws with it namely:- Early hordes can be disruptive toward an initial playthrough. The connection between the pulse of bass and the horde arrival is hard to make.- The lack of actual attacks can leave one mashing the attack button for an extended amount of time with no variety.- The increase in price in the end game skill tree can leave a sharp disparity between what is needed for the final zone boss, and the final boss that leaves the player in a distasteful grindfest that doesn't support the game thematics or gameplay.That being said, the game is extrordinarily tight with what it is proposing you to play. Horror is a strange concept to convey to a metroidvania game. Sundered accomplishes it. Your need to explore so you may expand your array of powers is harrowed with unending tides of enemies. Despite not being punished by death, you're still pressed forward urgently so you can make it to your next destination, it's expressed in its purest form in the second area, with its tight zones that the enemies can naviage just as well as you can. The diverse enemy roster has a single enemy that doesn't properly convey its attacks. The cultist can lock you in a box that does not do damage and can be destroyed or dashed out of with certain abilities. All other enemies can be properly dodged and avoided.Despite all this, the game is not easy. It may be fair, but mistakes are punished with crushing brutality. Every landmark you make is a trophy, carved out of adversity. I've only made it to one ending but in an era of soft games giving out rewards for anyone who tries, it's one of the toughest bosses I've face in quite some time. It's an accompishment to beat it, not an expectation that you do. It tests all of your abilities to destroy it as well as careful understanding of it's attacks.Sundered knew exactly what it intended to be. Sundered IS exactly what it intended to be. It's okay to not like it. That doesn't mean it's a bad game in anyway. It's a phenomenal work of craftsmanship, and I'm greatly pleased to have experienced it."
76561198100423746,Recommended,535480,33920308,Posted: 30 July,all,PvtPlague,Love the amount of enemies in the hordes
76561198041782807,Recommended,535480,33920384,Posted: 30 July,all,flervin,"I love this game. You get very strong by the end and can handle almost anything. I loved the horde mode and the challenges it brings. It's a tough and brutal game, but that's the point.The game is beautiful. Buy it if you like games like Isaac or Dead Cells. It's a must have if you like games like Isaac or Dead Cells."
76561198009002850,Recommended,535480,34040799,Posted: 5 August,all,Secret Wizard,"This game is a masterpiece. 10/10If you like brawlers with RPG elements or enjoy the challenge of Dark Souls...get this game.The combat and controls are VERY tight. It's fast paced. It's sweaty. It's challenging. It's fun.The progression is done in a rogue-like fashion and works quite nicely. The UI is super slick and easily one of the best I've ever seen. The art work and style is fantastic. The mystery and lore of the world you're in is intriguing and presented in a very clever, unique way.This game feels like Dark Souls + Hyper light drifter + Castlevania. Would buy again."
,Recommended,535480,34166096,Posted: 11 August,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"after so many ppl and young children moaning about how hard the game is.. the Devs listened and now its just too easy to finish the game ... too easy that it will make you fall asleep while playing..too damn bad,,but overall, the sound of the narator is damn epic and nice having ur headphones on in this game is so satisfying and make you more hungry for power!!! I love the power you gain every run and the abilities u get in time is just overwhelming!! make u ask for more more MOAR!!! its so goodthe game runs beutifully on 4k with steam Controller couch comfort game ... the animation and the art is so damn beutiful.. thank you unity engine.I will rate the game UP VOTE... but if the devs keeping  the game too easy for kids to play... well it will be too short for you hardcore fans.RESIST OR EMBRACEEDIT: this game has multiple endings...  RESIST OR EMBRACE"
,Not Recommended,535480,33914445,Posted: 30 July,all,Xelnath,"Sundered is beautiful.  The overall feeling of the game nostalgic.  In a different timing, it might be looked upon fondly.However, the combat relies on spamming weak, uninteresting creatures at you in large, overwhelming numbers.  Rather than being a game of reading the :well: telegraphed enemies, it becomes a game about perfectly timing your tumbles till your shield recharges.  The long attack chains are meaningless variation on the same basic attack.The pacing is slow, the generated (PRNG) level layouts are lackluster - and this game lost a lot in the transition to randomized dungeon layouts, when there was so much potential in handcrafted space.  All of the bosses I have seen so far are just stronger versions of the basic monsters.  Overall, just a disappointing entry into the genre.   If a dev reads this, look at Dead Cells and the crunchy combat, with strong, few enemies.Your enemy design is great... your commitment to a ton of monsters feels just broken and boring."
,Not Recommended,535480,34171077,Posted: 11 August,all,Phil Mastro,"I was initially going to give the game a thumbs up, but as I wrote the review, I realized I didn't really feel like playing it anymore, which constitutes in my mind a thumbs down.Having said that, it's not an emphatic thumbs down, it's a ""sad I couldn't give it a thumbs up"" thumbs down. Sundered has lots of stuff going for it.Without a doubt, it is one of the most gorgeous games I've seen. Ever. Great character designs coupled with splendid animating really make the game a feast for the eyes. We often see great main characters with millions of frames of animations, and then enemies that look like they're from bad flash games. Not so here. Enemies move almost as fluidly as the main character.I find the skill tree to be well done. I'm always excited to see how many upgrades I can get whenever I get back to the sanctuary. I find the cost/enhancement ratio pretty reasonable, as I've never found myself really frustrated by lack of funds, and I didn't blow through the whole tree too really early in the game.The skills you can get are okay. I mean there's nothing exceptional about them, but it's always satisfying to get them, and they're well spaced apart, so you don't get too bored waiting for new stuff.Where the game hits a wall for me is the gameplay and procedurally generated portions of the map.Most of the difficulty in the game is created by having swarms of enemies siddle up and harrass your character to death. Individually, none of the enemies are particularly difficult, but having dozens - and I do mean dozens quite literally - of annoying critters hack away at your character is a bit frustrating. I've always prefered the Ninja Gaiden (on Normal) philosophy for difficulty : make basic enemies tough (well, tougher) to begin with, which will help develop playing skill, so adding more enemies makes for exciting battles later in the game. Here the battles are mundane and repetitive, with difficulty that isn't rewarding.The level design using procedurally generated portions is something I don't personnally enjoy. In the end, these portions end up being anonymous and repetitive, and having random enemies shot into these areas also doesn't make for interesting action. In great metroidvania games, all rooms are memorable, and by crafting each room individually they can each present different challenges. Procedural generation prevents this altogether.It also makes for longish loadtimes. And here I though Nier had long load screens.All of this to say that I'm sad to give this game a bad review. It just doesn't play to my tastes, even though the presentation and style do. I'm sure some people are going to enjoy this game, but I don't think I can find a way to recommend this game to someone. I'm pretty sure no one answers ""Yes"" to ""Do you like repetitive and unsatisfying battles?"", so I give it a thumbs down."
76561198028117586,Not Recommended,535480,34063461,Posted: 6 August,all,AerisNailo,"If I were to sum up Sundered I guess it would have to be ""A beautiful game with baffling flawed gameplay design""This could have been an incredible animated short, but unfortunately, the creators are a game development company. No really, the game's amazing to look at from an artistic perspective, from the backgrounds, through character design to the fluid animation and the setting and story (what little of it there is) are interesting (or at least, definitely not mainstream, if not quite that original either). However, literally everything else about the game feels... not enjoyable.The game presents itself (or at least I remember it so, from the few pieces of coverage before the release I can recall) as a fusion of a Metroidvania inspired gameplay area with Devil May Cry-like combat. Unfortunately to me, it fails at both when looked at separately and looking at the combined result makes it feel even worse. Exploration of the world is absolutely hampered by the game's mechanic of randomly spawning hordes which are almost impossible to escape unless you're heavily ""outleveled"" and have managed to beat enough bosses to get the abilities needed to improve your movement capabilities. The combat is hampered by the fact that you have a very limited set of attacks and most of the time, your mobility advantage is heavily negated (if it even exists in the first place depending on your progress and the area you're in) and the game has a tendency to throw too damn many enemies at you at once. If you opened the TVTropes page about Fake Game Difficulty, you'd probably be able to find almost all the listed perpetrators in this game, it wouldn't surprise me. The only saving grace in that regard is that you don't lose any items, experience, levels or currencies when you die, the only thing you lose is time wasted running back to the same place you died at, since the game has no teleportation or fast travel options other than returning BACK to the starting area (with the only exception being the last part of the game, which is in my opinion the easiest one to progress through at that point).To be honest, I really wanted to like the game and have fun, but the game was so insistent on making me frustrated (and not even the Dark Souls-y kind of ""good"" frustrated) that I basically gave in and cheated just to see 2 of the game's endings to confirm my suspicions on where the story was going to end up.If you like unnecessarily punishing games or the game's on a good sale, you should give it a go, otherwise don't bother.PS: The sound and music (which is basically just background sounds in this game) are pretty dull and uninspired compared to the rest of the art design in this game, which feels really weird, when I think about it in hindsight, other than the voice of the ""narrator"" which is pretty spot on."
76561198076579925,Recommended,535480,33918202,Posted: 30 July,all,T4TTEDUP,"Amazing Vizuals, Great Combat, Great game would buy anything else this company relases."
76561197997038051,Not Recommended,535480,34326708,Posted: 18 August,all,Kraivan,"I was disappointed in the genre. Instead of Metroidvenia I would say this game is a Hack'n'slash endurance game. The way I see it this game is a metroidvenia game as you would say diablo is with its random generated maps.The artstyle is amasing, the gameplay is fluid.However I think a good metroidvenia game is about exploring, find hidden treasures, unlock skills to reach new paths, and learn the story of the game.Sundered however is an endless buttonmashing, where the game trow literally hordes and legions of enemies at you, and you have one way to beat the game: grind yourself through it. The way to do it? Get to a chokepoint, where you force the enemies into one big group, use combo, dodge, run till you shield regenerates, repeat. Repeat untill you unlock the whole skilltree. Do it with ""Monstrous lure"" + ""Golden charm"" combo in area 2. 3 gives more shards, but the map is to big. In area twos corners (where the gong never stops) you can grind yourself for the endgame bosses.Want to join the artstyle, the background?Well... theres two problem: even if theres some hidden story in the backgrond, you will get board in it, because the random gemerated map repeats itself too many times.Second, if theres any lore in the artstyle, you will be too busy to turn the endless hordes into mincemeat, or they will do the same to you in seconds.And theres the problem with enemies. Again, the game is more about repetitive farm and your stamina than logic, skills and tactic.Especially that the enemies are the same: a melee that jumps at you, a flying one with projectile, and a tanktype. With minor variaty.And because the physical boundries only works on melee attacks, thanks to the hordes of flying enemies and projectiles, the game turns into a bullethell game. The worst part of the game was area3, the hordecorners where the medusas, and those spikespamming blobs were comming in legions, in the cave, with narrow paths and posion gasclouds, with spikes on the wall. I doubt that you can go through that point using skills only. Even at max skilltree, that part was spamming teleport till you get to the end.The other problem that there are some upgrades, but that wont really change your playstyle. You do the same thing at the start of the game as you will do in the end of the game. The chargeattack is helpfull, but the main grind method is the same as mentioned above, because the only different between first hour of your game, and the 20th hours, that instead of 20dmg, you will hit 600, and the enemies hp is 4-6k instead of a hundred.Different combos, attack pattern would be amazing. Something that will change the game mechanic.Metroidvenia? Nope, not recommended, you will be disappointed.Diablovenia-Bullethell-platformer- fake difficulty? The game is for you, and I had some sort of fun in it, once I've looked at it as a different genre. Im not sure the attack button on my controller will say the same..."
,Not Recommended,535480,33870407,Posted: 28 July,all,5 Bears On Patrol,The massive load times kill any sense of speed or fun this one might have had.
76561197972380817,Recommended,535480,33858107,Posted: 28 July,all,Pasta Fan,"This game is filling the void Hollow Knight left after I finished it, really loving it so far, the art is great, the controls are tight, the bosses are epic and the upgrading system is kind of like a mix between Rogue Legacy and the spere grid from Final Fantasy 10, two games which I really enjoyed and played the hell out of! The game is challenging but not unfair, so far it seems to be a must buy for fans of the genre, will upate the review as I play more."
76561197993280730,Recommended,535480,33925011,Posted: 31 July,all,choarrim,This game is very similar to Rogue Legacy and for me that is good since I am a huge fan of that game.It does differs from eachother though with bits here and there but if you like rogue legacy you will probobly like this game as well.
76561198181339978,Recommended,535480,33986973,Posted: 3 August,all,Eddy40Handsss,Great game so far! Barely bought it and i cant wait til i get further..
,Not Recommended,535480,33907511,Posted: 30 July,all,Hase,"*** in a nutshell:- beautiful game, but ruined by lazy♥♥♥♥♥enemies design and cheap boss fights, full of horde of monsters spawn from thin air, each monster has 1 attack, even sub bosses, some bosses spawn HORDE, even AREA's BOSS!instead of giving enemies complicated attack pattern and combo to make the game challenging, they spawn HORDE!!it's CHEAP, DUMB, BROKEN and showed how lazy the developers are__________________________________________________** detail about what i experienced:- the game is incredibly frustrating because of cheaply designed enemies, enemies spawn out of thin air to gang on you, even ROBOTS, WHERE DID THEY COME FROM??!- small bugs defy gravity n walk on walls, charging at you to do damage, flying robot horde constantly charging at you- laser turrets that shoot through ANY OBSTACLE, no range limit, and again, they spawn a HORDE because if they didn't, the game would be too easy- giant ""knight"" float through walls to do ONE. SINGLE. TYPE of attack over and over and over and over, and he's a SUB BOSS!?- so far, enemies attack are uncreative and unfair, even bosses have no attack pattern or combo, once you see how they attack, that's it. and they make the game more ""challenging"" by spawn monster HORDE, out of nowhere. HORDE??!!!!! %$@^%#&^%to be honest, even bullet hell games are more enjoyable than this lazy piece of cr*p- to the AREA's BOSSguess what happens if you break elder shard on the Guardian?  he spawn faster n more enemies, use his attack more frequently. THAT'S IT! CHEAP ♥♥♥♥♥♥ HORDE that you can never get rid off.** to developers:please take a look at Hollow Knight's boss fight and learn how to make a boss fight."
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,535480,33883234,Posted: 29 July,all,Asses of Fire,Gets tedious real fast.  The upgrades aren't really that amazing or fun to upgrade.  The initial hour I was amazed at the hand drawn animations.  But...constantly dying and re-visiting the same levels because the game decides to flood the screen with enemies...is not fun.  Not fun at all.
76561198058611095,Recommended,535480,35060566,Posted: 19 September,all,NegativeSpace3,"A procedurally generated Metroidvania? Yes please! I rather enjoy how progression in this game makes you feel like you've genuinely grown stronger and better at handling enemies. Going back to early areas late in the game is...cathartic, to say the least. The game controls beautifully too, tight controls and speedy, responsive movement suits the fast paced, hectic combat well. Oh, and the game is absolutely beautiful, in a horrifying, macabre way. And Lovecraft is always a plus."
,Not Recommended,535480,33975691,Posted: 2 August,all,Thug Squirrel,"'tis a nice game but the random spawns really mess up the whole beauty of the game. I also dislike enemies that can just go or shoot through wall. So ya gotta find enemies that just move into walls 'n shoot ya from there. Meh..I dun recommend it atm, maybe if that stuff is changed"
76561198127568286,Recommended,535480,33920839,Posted: 30 July,all,Seadoubleyou14,"This game has got it's hooks in me with it's sweet game play loop: run around explore some, get mobbed by enemies, die, upgrade, repeat. Throw some werid lore and a few bosses in the mix and that's Sundered 8.5/10"
76561198138674558,Not Recommended,535480,33912875,Posted: 30 July,all,luckyluca001,"Enemy placement and spawn currently a mess, not recommended.Go play demon peak instead, one third the price three times the fun"
76561198051723745,Recommended,535480,33890591,Posted: 29 July,all,archeg,"One of the best titles I played this year. This is a slasher/rouge-lite/metroidvania style game with a bit increased difficulty. I find a lot of similarities to Dead Cells and  Rogue Legacy but it also feels somewhat different than those two. Sundered is much faster than Rouge Legacy and have slasher elements with the hordes of enemies attacking from all directions. In other ways it is very similar: you collect money, buy upgrades and die often. It also has a lot from metroidvania - you find new abilities that allow you to access levels previously inaccessible. You also need to be ready to do some grinding - but in this game it is really fun and pleasing to grind.Sundered has quite interesting level structure when the level has predefined major structure, but the lesser structure is generated randomly. I was quite sceptical towards this, I usually don't like randomly generated levels, but after playing this game I think they managed to make it very good. In fact, it is the first time I like randomly generated levels since probably Diablo 1."
76561198143469149,Recommended,535480,33932362,Posted: 31 July,all,kaiser_bun_panzer,"Has the same feel and atmosphere as the Blame! manga, especially when you acquire the gun. The recoil is great.Being attacked by hordes and hordes of enemies reminded me of the silicon creatures in Blame! that just kept on spawning."
76561198037393606,Recommended,535480,34116039,Posted: 8 August,all,ChosenofTzeentch,Fairly solid game if you're on the fence wait for a sale but the soundtrack is a must if you're going to purchase it at all.
,Recommended,535480,34730161,Posted: 4 September,all,Digi Guy,"Could be better, could be worse.While Sundered does have its flaws, it a good game to get if it on sale and you're looking for something to pass the time."
76561198219511069,Recommended,535480,34019009,Posted: 4 August,all,Frosty Losty,"I would give this game a 6/10.Pros:nice art style and animationinterseting Themeepic bossbattlesCons:story telling could have bin betterdull enemiesthe game should notify the player that there are two differnent endings once you finish the game.Except for the bossbattles and the ""Third area"" the game is pretty flat... but i gota say that when this game is good its flippin great.."
,Recommended,535480,33934179,Posted: 31 July,all,ate0ate,"Great game in the classic metroidvania style. Pretty challenging but greatly rewarding. If you find the early portions too difficult just stick with it, the difficulty drops once you gain some all imprortant abilities and combat becomes very rewarding. Even though you will probably die a fair amount, each death offers you the chance to spend points earned on upgrading your abilities and making your next go around all the more fun."
,Recommended,535480,34095904,Posted: 7 August,all,Neoiel,"To each their own I suppose.  I guess I could see where this isn't everyone's cup of tea.  But the horde system really is revolutionary and gives a whole new spin on the Metroidvania rogue-lite genre.  The graphics look like something from Ralph Bakshi, absolutely gorgeous.  And there's enough of a skill tree between deaths to fuel the addiction.  I say give it a whirl, if you're not feeling it then steam refund it.  But with a few more patches I think this is potentially a beautiful gem that tried something new.  Just don't go into it expecting Dead Cells, Dead Cells this ain't."
76561198001359299,Not Recommended,535480,33885357,Posted: 29 July,all,Booty Hunter,"TL;DR version:Music 8/10Art 10/10Gameplay 2/10Overall 5.5/10-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Pros:+ this game's main strong asset is its beautiful art: the bosses, ability animations, locations, enemies, etc - the art is what kept me playing when I was about to give up on the game+ once you have invested quite a bit of time into the game and have unlocked better platforming capabilities and decide to corrupt them - moving around the map becomes easier and decently satisfying. The animations for the corrupted abilities are really neat and a pleasure to watch but this once again ties in with my first point about the game's artThe Cons:- early platforming and traversing around the map is a chore and is quite frustrating even for a platformer veteran like myself- this game forces you to grind in order to progress. If you aren't strong enough and haven't invested enough points into the skill tree then you have a low chance to endure the next boss fight or sometimes even the next area with regular enemies. The game's skill tree IS basically the game. Each time you upgrade an ability the next one will cost more shards so in the late game scenario you will have to grind a while to get rewarded with only a few skill points in the said tree.- the hordes that chase you around the map discourage exploration and eventually you will simply start ignoring thembecause fighting them gets boring and consumes time even if the enemies don't present any danger to you at that moment. This forces you to adopt a playstyle going strictly from objective to objective and fighting only when you actually can't leave the room until the enemies die, as a result you can't really leisurely explore the map and enjoy the surroundings much.If you are stronger than enemies in the area - you will ignore them because why waste time one-shotting them for the little shards that they drop. If you are weaker than the enemies in the area (but you've cleared other areas entirely already)  - then you will definitely ignore them and run away to your next objective (unlocking a new ability or a shortcut so when you die you don't have to backtrack THAT much).- To expand on the previous point, the game ends up being difficult in the wrong way. You are overwhelmed with enemy hordes while attempting to make your way through the environment that also has traps and ways to hurt you. In games that are generally considered to be challenging (let's say Dark Souls) you eventually truly get better at the game and adapt to the level. You become better at predicting enemy movements, avoiding damage etc. And then because of that you progress. In this game though, you can be good at platforming and combat - but still die just because of how many enemies the game throws at you on top of environmental hazards. Can you keep up with 10+ enemies trying to attack you at the same time in a confined space on top of avoiding traps? You may very well can. Or at least you think you can and then you end up in an area with endless hordes (they spawn without breaks) and then you die even while trying to traverse it avoiding all fights and focusing solely on platforming (even if you have absolutely all abilities already unlocked).- enemy design feels lazy (and I am not even talking about having 10 laser Hunters that can attack you multiple screens away). What I mean is in each area you will have a certain few types of enemies that are mostly unique to that location, I'd say about 5 different enemy types per area. The way they are made stronger is by simply changing their colors from their default color to a different one and making them more tanky (maybe throw in a minor ability upgrade as well). So now instead of fighting grey Hunters you will fight red Hunters that have quite a bit more health than their weaker counterparts. I feel like I would be more satisfied if there were simply more enemy types in the game instead of repainting the existing ones and making them more beefy.- there is practically no story in the game, the lore is given to you in such tiny bits - the amount I've received in my 11 hours into the game so far could probably be told in less  than a minute.- the load times sometimes are insane, in fact I am adding this point into my review as my game is still in the load screen. Your first load of the game after you launch it every new time will take about 2-3 minutes even if you have an SSD.- I am getting pretty close to the end of the game and only had 2 major boss fights, which are actually quite fun and epic, but I feel like the game will only have 2 more at most. The minibosses differ little from minions sometimes - just a beefier version of them.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Conclusion:If you can tolerate the early game platforming until you unlock better abilities and if you can tolerate adopting a playstyle that forces you to ignore fights most of the time OR grinding and grinding and grinding until you are strong enough to deal with enemies in a reasonable time frame - then you might like this game if you are a fan of platformers like Hollow Knight. You will eventually get annoyed of the hordes though and then it will just be a pain forcing yourself to progress.What will keep you going (if anything) is the game's art, which is well made and satisfying to look at. So buy the game when its on a decent sale just to appreciate the very well made designs."
,Not Recommended,535480,34090303,Posted: 7 August,all,Ryscir,":I I want to love this game. I really do. It's beautiful. The controls feel fine. I mostly find myself able to move around with ease.But I'm bored.Its repetitive. Reskinned mobs repurposed from map to map. Load screens are annoyingly long and frequent. Tech tree feels unrewarding. Story line is copy pasted from various other stories, while also being vague. The main bosses are great, but theres not enough of them. Not a very clear direction or motive other than to kill, die, backtrack, and progress. Accidentally destroyed my first elder shard because I didnt realize the black/purple orbs I hit weren't to open any doors, they were to activate an incinerator. So what choice did I have but to continue and ""resist""? Or maybe I was embracing, I don't know.Anyways, 6/10 overall.Update: I can't play this game without getting overwhelmingly frustrated at the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics they employed to make this game ""hard"". My recent ragequit was caused by a massive horde of a million enemies keeping me trapped in a pit with no way out but death.I just wouldn't waste your money."
,Recommended,535480,33912184,Posted: 30 July,all,Knifight,"Thank God that somebody finally stopped copying Dark Souls by making you drop your money when you die. Dark Souls built their whole game with that design in mind and most other games I've seen it in don't put that level of thought into it. They just design old school levels with a new school mechanic with out any effort to make the two harmonious. Good games like Nioh and maybe not so good games like The Surge come to mind. This game just lets you go back to base when you die, and I did not realize how refreshing that could be. That alone gets my vote.So far everything seems good. Controls feel a lot like Strider, very responsive. The upgrade tree always had something interesting I wanted to get and what I did buy felt meaningful. It has nice touches, like having your health, shield and energy bars grow visually as you upgrade. They look great and I must admit, I'm a scamp for some good looking gauges.I feel like there's a good bit of adaptability as well, with out adding a verbose amount of stats. For instance, I noticed that I was mostly dying when I was slowly chipped down by the infamous big hordes of hard mode, so I equiped a perk that regenerated some shield for each individual kill and found myself in much better shape. And it felt great to finally survive some of the long waves and get a kill on the first boss. The adds felt just right, to my taste. Not too hard to pick off most as you fought, but rarely so easy that I felt I could take them all out.Very interesting game so far and I'll be very impressed if it keeps up this level of quality to the end. I'll edit my review if my opinion drastically changes by then."
,Recommended,535480,33856822,Posted: 28 July,all,GrimSword513,Amazing so far. Ultra Wide support and an awesome art style. Been waiting on this a long time and so far I'm very happy.
,Recommended,535480,33873190,Posted: 28 July,all,Hpatr le Ranger Brun,"What a game!The visuals, the sounds and music are fantastic. It's a tough but extremely enjoyable game with a troubling and eerie feeling to it. totally recommanded."
,Recommended,535480,33871412,Posted: 28 July,all,cptcorrosive,"I have played Jotun and loved it, I am also a massive fan of metriodvanias and souls like games (even if in difficulty only).So to start with the positives... Sundered is a beautiful game, with a great soundtrack and smooth controls. And the combat is satisfying. Exporation is also awesome since its a ""rouge-lite"" too.But thats were it ends. The enemies will out number you sometimes and thats okay... but only if they didn't keep spawning, like infinintly spawning! As well as that I have gone 5-10mins with no enemies at all then the game craps them all over you like ""oh crap I forgot to give you enemies... heres all the ones that you missed!"". Its insane! And its worse when the game never gives you a means to replenish your heals very well, a 4% drop rate is a little on the low side if you ask me. I understand wanting to make it difficult but if you're throwing close to 50-100 enemies at me at once then a few heals if not 1-2 would be welcomed, ya know?! And lastly, I bothers me that i get so close to the objective, which seems to be placed in an area that you shouldn't be yet, just to have the non-stop spawns, and 50-100 enemies all at once then have to go ALL the way back. Its just a little dishartening.To conclude, I do recomend this game, its a great game... just needs some balancing, thats all. So play away! and hopefully they adjust just a few small things and it'll be perfect...p.s. also the boss fights are awesome!"
76561198084063119,Not Recommended,535480,33886620,Posted: 29 July,all,PortalHeca,No generic gamepad support. i dont like games where you can only play with the keyboard but no the mouse
,Recommended,535480,33939354,Posted: 31 July,all,Such Spooky Flame,"This game is more of a Hack and Slash than a Metroidvania game due to the incredible number of enemies. Speaking of which, that incredible number of enemies causes my only big complaint. There were a number of situations where I lost sight of myself because there's just so much on the screen. It gets really bad in the third stage when all that gas is around and you're being assaulted by a Horde.The leveling system is a lot like the one in Final Fantasy 10, only segments of the tree will unlock as you find more powers. I really like that. The combat system is pretty good and you can remain airborne indefinitely when you execute good aerial attacks and dodges. However, combat does get samey pretty fast because there are a limited number of enemy types. They just throw lots of them at you.I think this one is worth a try! I was actually able to finish this game, unlike Jotun."
76561197977853171,Recommended,535480,33921689,Posted: 30 July,all,Zaphod,"Beautiful, challenging, fun."
,Recommended,535480,33864630,Posted: 28 July,all,minitsaru,"Right now, with only a short bit of time in, I really enjoy it. So far so good. I'll update this if something changes my mind."
76561198148832211,Recommended,535480,34770251,Posted: 5 September,all,fabulous trash,"Great game, yet incredibly difficult, but I guess that's why it's so much fun.I would love to come here and write a long review about why it's so ♥♥♥♥ing good, but I won't.What I will do is give you a fair warning:Beware the gong"
76561198121943037,Not Recommended,535480,34940669,Posted: 13 September,all,Eu sou o dom!,"This game is broken. Constant stuttering, freezing, long loading screens, frame skipping. It also looks like running at 30fps or less even when it's 60fps 16.6ms. These issues give me serious motion sickness because I can't manage to follow the character with my eyes.Putting ALL performance problems aside, the game is still bad. First zone is a labyrinth, you will be trolled to hell by finding locked doors everywhere and having to turn back and go around until you find the correct one. All places are very similar which makes it very hard to track where you are. Map is bad and won't help tracking.Dark Souls doesn't even have a map and it's way easier to track than this game.Procedural generation is bad on the levels I've played. The world is repetitive and bland.I've tried to give this game a second chance after refunding it for the first time and I'm going to request refund for it again. I'm risking getting my refund blocked because of this but I can't stand looking at this game on my account.From now on I'm avoiding this developer. I really can't understand how this game can run that poorly when we had ""metroidvania"" games with similar graphics running in prehystoric hardware."
76561197971423850,Recommended,535480,33937704,Posted: 31 July,all,Chaos Aptom,GAH!.........If you are a fan of the dying in Demon's Souls and a Metroidvania Fan then you have to own this game. It's like a cross between every Metroidvania Fan product with a sprinkle of the Fall and this crossbread/Frankensteins Monster works very well.Would die over and over again to maximize skill tree!
76561198008892370,Recommended,535480,33942883,Posted: 31 July,all,Gus,"What's GreatAnimation and DesignNaritiveSemi-Random Layout - Things change but you always know where you can or ought to be going.Later combat pacing.  Hordes and bosses can get hectic, and later on you feel like you have complete control of how and where your character fights.Character control is smooth as butter.What's Good, but could have been BetterCombat - Inputs are spry. Small RNG presence. You are almost always equipped to the fights ahead of you.  However, there is very little, or poor, audio, visual, or tactile (maybe my controller rumble isnt working) feedback to make the moment to moment combat feel satisfying.The ""chunks"" that are randomized to fill in the gaps between map exits and enterances are good, but they can get a bit repetative.Character progession.  The passive tree offers a good amount of character customization and accomplishes character growth.  It does not do a good job, however, of making a strong impact on the way you play your character.  The perks and abilities you learn pick up this slack.The BadNone"
,Recommended,535480,33864118,Posted: 28 July,all,gut floral,"Fantastic art, fluid combat/movement, neat lore -- lots of fun!"
,Recommended,535480,33859321,Posted: 28 July,all,Faceless King,Beautiful hand drawn art-style and great gameplay that always keeps you on your toes.
,Recommended,535480,33894170,Posted: 29 July,all,Zane,"Pros+ Excellent Handrawn everything+ Fast combat+ Great sound design+ Usage of rogue-lite aspects+ Upgrading tree+ Truly Epic boss fights+ Voice actingNeutral= RNG rooms= Horde mechanic= Minibosses= The cannonCons- Poor story- Perk system is okayThe game is great and I'm loved every moment of it. Tight controls and fast paced combat. The RNG rooms lose their novelty quickly since the little variation of room design but still extremely fun to play. Every time a horde appears I feel like its testing how strong I've gotten. Everything drawn in this game is GORGEOUS. Where the game lacks doesn't affect my love for the game, the story is told through crytal rooms you find but only pertains to the boss in the area. The cannon is a fun upgrade however loses its use after the first area and its massive knockback doesn't make it conventional to use outside of hordes. The game upgrade system is well flushed out, however the game claims that the Perks bonuses outweigh the negatives, sometimes the negatives are to great to equip the perk (i.e. gain 0.5% life steal but lose 30% of your max hp). This game gets a solid 9/10 from me and I haven't had this much fun with a metroidvania since Ori and the Blind Forest."
76561198049686337,Recommended,535480,33872414,Posted: 28 July,all,Saturn,"The game is very good. The platforming requires razor sharp reflexes. The combat can be tedious in the begining and focuses on kiting large groups of enemies. The RNG room generation can be extremely aggrovating and can decide whether or not it was worth running all the way across the map and going through all the enemies and hazards just for the path to be extremely obstructive when before you sat through the loading screen the path was clear as crystal.Despite the critisism I still recommend this to anyone who is fond of castlevania, metroid or difficult platformers."
,Recommended,535480,33880251,Posted: 29 July,all,Ebolaranger,"Sundered is a great game with amazing visuals and some quirks to set it apart from other games in its genre. My favorite thing by far about this game is its beatiful art and incredibly smooth animations. It creates a great atmosphere throughout the game combining the visuals with the sound design. In essence it is a metroidvania with some light RPG elements in the form of an FFX-esque skill tree and three unlockable perk slots.I was quite impressed with how robust this system was, but as I've played more it has become clear that it really wasnt the focus of the design and has suffered for it in parts. The skill tree is good allround, but some of the perks are just poorly designed. These perks are designed around having an advantage and a disadvantage to them (they're literally listed as such). One specific perk that comes to mind was a lifesteal perk. Now, the disadvantage on this perk was that your health was reduced by 30%. That makes perfect sense as the fear with lifesteal in a game like this would be that it allows you to facetank whatever comes your way and trivialises the content. So you would think the lifesteal was pretty good right? No. It is 0.5%. Putting that into perspective; I've invested a lot into damage, because that's how I like my characters and at what seems like roughly the halfway point of the game I hit for 100-150 when I dont crit. That means per hit on a single enemy I maybe get 1 hp if they round up. Like I said, there are good things about the RPG elements and I'm really quite impressed that there is any in the first place, but some things clearly didn't get the attention they deserved.The thing that truly sets this game apart from other metroidvanias is the fact that you are mostly being chased around the game world. Usually in these games you have set enemy placements and you fight your way through as necessary. In this game however you find yourself walking through the game world exploring when you suddenly hear this foreboding sound. It fills you with the feeling that something bad is about to happen, and indeed it is. The horde is coming for you. It's quite unlike any other metroidvania I've ever played and lends to the overall mood this game tries to cultivate.The combat is, as with most metroidvanias, pretty bare bones until you get a few powerups under your belt, but it does the job. You face a good amount of minibosses that are often a hyped up version a normal enemy, but not always. The real imaginative enemy design comes in with the bosses though. They are HUGE and excellently designed both in art and mechanics.My biggest issue with the game is quite frankly how stiff the controls feel. This gets much better the more mobility powers you collect, but it doesnt change that the base movement is fairly clunky and doesnt feel that great. I feel like part of why it's so jarring is how fantastically smooth the animations are. That disconnect bothered me throughout the starting parts of the game.Another part of the game that seemed great on paper but fell a bit flat in action was the procedural nature of the levels. It's a popular concept in games these days, and when done right it can be great for replayability, but I feel that for this genre it needs a lot of polish to really work that well. Not that it's bad in this game... It just doesn't really contribute anything either.Writing this review I feel like I've suddenly focused a lot of the flaws I found in the game rather than how great I actually think it is. I guess that's just because it is a flawed game in a lot of ways, but I feel the positives far outweigh the negatives. If you like metroidvanias and lovecraftian stuff you should give this game a chance. It's easily worth the price"
76561198025165191,Recommended,535480,33882440,Posted: 29 July,all,zjwillie,"Amazing game! I'm not sure how far in I am but wow. The music, the bosses/minibosses, the art, just wow. Please ask any questions at all and I'll try and answer them. A lot of negative reviews are for people who did not play this game long and complain about things which with tactics and different decisions can skillfully be overcome. If they complain about hordes they don't understand the game very well, you have the option to run and sometimes you kinda have to until you have some levels/upgrades under your belt. So ask away, this game come highly recommended from me."
,Recommended,535480,33909404,Posted: 30 July,all,Lyceaos,"such a well made game wiht even rogue like elements, the way the area can shift per run, i mean...i think it can be a bit dickish in the builds sometimes since you are limited by ability sometimes on where you will go but thats minor its still so good. totally need to get this if you like metroidvanias or if youve played rogue legacy and enjoyed that"
,Recommended,535480,33888644,Posted: 29 July,all,Whisper,"I love this game.10/10 would be mauled to death by a horde again.I wish it was longer, and had more story... but I really enjoy what we got.And for for people saying you can't play with the mouse: All you have to do is rebind stuff to your mouse. I bound my all my attacks to the mouse."
,Recommended,535480,33889331,Posted: 29 July,all,Carnivore Angel,"I really wish there was a mixed option - personally I'm content with my purchase, the atmosphere and style of the game is right up my alley, but it needs work in its current state as it sometimes comes off as blindingly frustrating rather than hard.I'll start with the positives.  It looks and sounds ♥♥♥♥ing astounding.  The controls are tight and responsive.  The combat, while barebones, is complex enough to require skill, and mastering the various aerial attacks in order to position yourself to target a weak spot or perform a drop attack to obliterate a mass of weak enemies is incredibly satisfying.  Dodging feels safe - I see a threat, I push the button, I don't get hit; when it comes down to attacks I saw coming, I have very, very rarely felt as if I have been hit when I should not have.  I like the way the map is laid out - it's not completely randomized so you always know where you're going, and it's usually pretty clear where you need to go, as things like upgrades, bosses, locked doors, shortcuts, and lore rooms are marked, and the map will often give you a 'hint' as to how to get to the next thing by causing the door you need to go through to blink.  I'm really, really happy with a lot of how this game works.My problem lies with the fact that it wants to be hardcore, but it doesn't quite seem to know how to do that properly.  There are two aspects to that.The first: crisp controls and a useful dodge are all well and good, but during hordes, there is so much happening, so many enemies cluttering the screen, that there is literally no way to avoid taking damage - even if you do your best to remain airborne, avoiding the fog of weak terrestrial enemies swarming over every surface, there are a number of enemies that make that particularly difficult, /especially/ when you factor in the way that there is no method of dodging while airborne.  The normal dodge only works on the ground, and while there is a 'pound' attack that rapidly drops you to the floor, you float in place for a split second before deploying it, and that's enough to get you hit.  I legitimately do not understand how the game wants me to tackle hordes.  Stay on ground and dodge?  Too many enemies, can't dodge 'em all, take damage or die.  Get airborne, pound terrestrial groups, use air attacks against airbornes?  Can't dodge, get hit by hunter cannons, panzers, meteors, or something else, take damage or die.  Use the valkyrie cannon when it's unlocked to try to wipe groups of enemies?  Takes a long time to charge, too many enemies, cannon gets interrupted by an attack, take damage or die.  The only times I have escaped a horde unscathed have been the product of luck, or by being overlevelled for the starting area, and the presence of a shield does not mitigate nearly enough damage, given the punishment I'm recieving on normal difficulty.The second: the main boss I've faced so far (Dominion) is overkill unless you have tremendous patience and superhuman reaction time.  He absorbs a frankly insane amount of damage, and starts hard, gets rapidly more difficult, throwing in a quickly-growing horde of minions that you need to keep culled to survive, while dodging his two-hit KO main attacks, and also chipping away at his vast health bar.This game wants to be dark souls 'tough but fair' but rather than giving you all the tools to succeed against steep but realistic odds, it gives you a basic toolkit then throws threats at you faster than you can destroy them until you get completely overwhelmed and die.  The horde problem could be mitigated by the implementation of some sort of aerial dodge, but the fact remains that enemy tells become next to useless during hordes, which is a deeper problem in and of itself.  As for Dominion, his health bar is definitely too big, and he would be hard enough without the constantly-expanding mob of minions chasing me around the map, new spawning portals opening up as fast as I can destroy them.  This game needs to take a deep breath, calm down, and decide if it wants to be a game where you chew through hordes of enemies that come at you by the thousands, or a game where tells mean the difference between life and death.Review set to positive because fundamentally I enjoy playing Sundered, and sincerely hope its issues are addressed so it can become more fun and less frustrating."
,Recommended,535480,33903182,Posted: 30 July,all,SqueeXdee,"PositivesVisuals are amazing.Feels good to play (joystick and d-pad both work great, although could argue one is better than other depending on situation.)Amazing sound design and music.Very atmospheric.NegativesThe horde of enemies can get a bit... annoying at times. Sometimes it's just 7 enemies and they're super easy, other times it's27 Snipers, 15 Panzers, 9 mini-bosses and 2976 crawling dudes.That's literally my only gripe. The enemies can just be such a nuisance.Summary:Fun, awesome gameplay. Awesome visuals and sound design/music.Kinda ughhh enemies at times.I'd even go as far as saying this is a contender to be one of my favourite games to come out this year."
,Recommended,535480,33876271,Posted: 29 July,all,FUTURE WAR CULT,"Edit: After a bit more playtime, I've come to enjoy fighting the hordes. As you get more tools to deal with them, they become more enjoyable and less frustrating. I'm not saying the game is perfect, but having a broader toolset alleviates most of the frustration. There's something satisfying about a cannon shot that kills a screen full of enemies.Let's talk about these hordes for a moment.At points in the game (including boss battles), masses of enemies will spawn near you and proceed to end your run. I don't know if you can escape them; they spawn from off screen and it seems like the quickest way to deal with them is to kill them. You have to think about your positioning, what tools you have available, the terrain, what enemy types take priority... it's exciting and initially fun. The combat might not amaze you, but it gets the job done. Find a wall, put your back to it, and murder hordes of enemies so you can loot those sweet, sweet crystals from their corpses. Unfortunately, the horde doesn't seem to realize when it's no longer wanted. Well after when you've exhausted most of your options they keep coming. The developers state that they'll end after a minute or 20 kills, but it seems like neither is true. They just keep coming, which means eventually you're going to be overwhelmed and die. Not so big a deal most of the time, but if you die on a boss fight because part of the boss battle - and the boss is lethal in its own right - is a horde, you're probably not going to be very happy.You know what would make the hordes much easier to deal with? Invincibility frames after you've taken damage, like in pretty much every other game ever. I have no idea why someone actively decided to not include these, but there's a stickied post in the discussion forums saying they are testing and plan to implement them. Probably should have shipped the game with them. I'm not saying it's as bad as Tekken 7, but I was exercising my right to aerial combat and somehow got juggled to death in the middle of a horde of flying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Not fun.Aside from the hordes being frustrating, obnoxious, and in my opinion bad game design, this is a very good game. Mild spoiler, you'll get an ability a few hours in that made hordes much, much easier to deal with. Unfortunately, it seems hordes can be composed of any enemy, including one that can attack you from off screen (one or two screens away, in my experience). When you're dealing with four or five of these enemies, it is an exercise in frustration. Maybe I'm incorrect about horde composition and these are just extremely annoying enemies. Anyway, you'll see that sentiment, frustration, echoed in a lot of these reviews. Yes, it is frustrating to arbitrarily lose your exploration progress, but you can generally get back to where you were with a minute or two's travel. No, that doesn't make it feel any less cheap, and the vast majority of my deaths are because of hordes, but the rest of the game is more than good enough for me to recommend it. There are rogue-lite and RPG elements that help differentiate it from similar games, the art is extremely good, the Metroidvania ability gates are in full force, and the story is... well, I have no idea what's going on, but at least it's interesting. There's some background music, and maybe some combat and boss music, but I'm generally too busy fighting for my life to pay attention to it. The boss battles have been familiar concepts executed well, and the environments I've been through were interesting, though there is quite a bit of familiar corridor traversal in the early game. The platforming took me a few minutes to get used to, but it is executed well. There is a double jump, which always helps.Overally I think this is a solid 7.5, 8 game. It'd easily get a point back if the hordes weren't so dumb."
76561198196654829,Recommended,535480,33902381,Posted: 30 July,all,sebspudson,"Haven't got very far, love the rogue like dynamic. So far so good, I'm expecting a lot from this. The graphics are stunning. As for the gameplay itself its hard enough on normal difficulty, there's lots of variability with a massive upgrae tree and an adaptive system of perks that lets you try different builds depending on what your playstyle is.The only fault I have with this game is how it crashes semi-regularly, not too often to make it unplayable but consistently every few deaths, admittedly this is still new so ket's hope it gets patched up quickly enoughEdit: game crashes more regularly, deffo needs fixing, would not recommend in its state at the  oment"
76561198065348856,Recommended,535480,33862392,Posted: 28 July,all,Solar Macharius,"Sundered is Jump and Run -Hack and Slash type of game where you have to discover the mysteries of the surrounding world and how you got there, by killing hordes of enemies. At first you have your standard attack and a dodge with invincibility frames. Later you get a double - jump, a cannon and other equipment. They unlock a faster combat style and maneuver abilities. You will have to rely on your dodge skills and the knowledge about the enemy-types. You will learn to attack the more dangerous enemies first and to manage your stamina for dodging. With shards from killing enemies you can upgrade your life, shield, and attack- power. You have only one melee attack-combo, so don´t expect variation in the combat style. There is not much interaction between the player and the surroundings, only the jumping, running, unlocking shortcuts. Enemy and Boss-design is pretty unique and the animations look beautiful. IF YOU DON´T LIKE FIGHTING AN ENTIRE SCREEN FULL OF ENEMIES and dodging projectiles from off-screen, then this game might be not the right thing for you.The controls are ok and you can choose the key settings that suit you most.So far the game is pretty good and even I, who is not good at jump and run style of games, am enjoing this game."
,Recommended,535480,33870282,Posted: 28 July,all,dasgeek,The game is absolutely gorgeous and runs like a dream in Linux. The soundtrack is beautiful and captivating bringing you into the games stunning environments seamlessly. While the game mechanics are simple in that you're doing a lot of button mashing there is a lot of skill involved in knowing when to run and when to fight. The game takes a no mercy approach in how it swarms you with enemies and obstacles and laughs as you try to battle your way through endless swarms. While some complain of its unforgiving nature there is plenty of mercy in how it allows you to upgrade your characters skills after every death. The next time you enter you're more powerful than before allowing you to progress eventually if you have the patience. The Dark Souls meets Metroid is a great comparison as it brings out the fun and excitement of those old school gems but the constant deaths and traps of a Dark Souls game. If you go into it knowing you're going to die and the key is progression and leveling (much like a Final Fantasy game) then you will have a blast. If your goal is for a simple shooter than this game will probably leave you disappointed.
,Recommended,535480,33870434,Posted: 28 July,all,RainbowDash,"Lots of enemies, good design, randomization, challenging, and it looks awesome. Winner in my book."
76561198014405818,Recommended,535480,33941337,Posted: 31 July,all,sarogave,"I tried to keep this short but then couldn't because there is so much that is thoroughly enjoyable about this game.Very similar in its aesthetic to games like Hyper Light Drifter. This game is an audiovisual feast that exerts an excellent atmosphere over you. The plot is mysterious and foreboding - it's delivered in short and impactful snippets and is very effective in doing so. The game's world as a whole is quite confusing at first and requires you to think as you would if you were existing in this plane of existence. While I haven't finished the game, I am eager to learn the fate that befell this broken world. It seems to be the intricate tale of an ancient kingdom, once strong and powerful, now fallen due to betrayal at the hands of one of its greatest leaders. Knowing that there are multiple endings makes the story even more deep.The combat is near-constant. This is where this game could do a little better at times. Throughout your exploration, enemy hordes will spawn at random. This can at times, be overwhelming, whilst also hampering your exploration. However, it is entirely possible to come up with far more effective ways to deal with enemies. This is entirely necessary as the game will throw enemies at you in spades at times. The game has a simplistic and satisfying combat system. You will be rewarded with success in battle through the use of aerial attacks and directional hit combos. In a sense, the fighting is almost like a beat-em-up because you can chain long strings of attacks together to defeat your foes. My main gripe is that sometimes you may need to resort to button mashing to deal with weaker mobs of enemies that are more easily slain.An interesting feat of this game is that while you have main objectives that are visibly marked out on your map, the areas between your spawn and these objectives are procedurally generated. This means your route is never the same and at times, results in a satisfying sense of tension as you quickly try to get to your objective before the inevitable mobs of enemies start spawning. The procedurally generated areas can however cause some problems with navigation if you are not acquainted with how to use your map.While combat is a large component of this game, exploration is also nearly as important. The game rewards you handily for your exploration. The protagonist of Sundered is able to upgrade her abilities through an expansive set of upgrade trees. You collect ""shards"" in game, which are your currency for purchasing these upgrades. Sundered also has a perks system. Perks are discovered as you explore or defeat enemies in the game. Interestingly, the perks you equip will always offer a distinct advantage and conversely, a disadvantage. The perks let you shape the kind of build the protagonist has and give you some satisfying creative control over how you will face your enemies.You will gain ever more shards if you choose to explore every area available to you. There are many hidden pockets of secrets and other rewards you can gain. Sundered will also reward you for your skill in combat - some areas will lock you in, preventing your escape, forcing you to deal with the brutal enemy hordes that spawn mercilessly. Upon succeeding these hordes, you will receive satisfaction through the unlocking of new perks and a large sum of shards.Even when you lose battles in Sundered, the game is forgiving - death is not penalised. Instead, you respawn at the nexus of the game, where you have access to your upgrade trees and unlike Souls-esque games, you do not lose any of your currency upon death. This means you always get stronger and this allows near-constant progression. Furthermore, you unlock the access to new abilities as the game progresses. These new abilities unlock previously inaccessible areas and further aid your exploration of this bizarre and misshapen world.I have been playing this game on the Hard difficulty from the beginning of my first playthrough. I will admit that it is indeed quite challenging but also fair if you are careful with the fights you choose to take and explore areas within which you know you can handle the enemies.I personally, highly recommend this game. While it is not perfect and is at times frustrating, it will reward you for your persistence and hard work. If you can accept its difficulty and are ready to immerse yourself with a confusing albeit deeply intriguing world, then you should play this game."
,Recommended,535480,33896143,Posted: 29 July,all,KesslerCOIL,"Without a doubt a great game so far, though the difficulty tactic of throwing a ton of enemies at you feels rather cheap and unfun. I'd prefer enemies to just deal a bit more damage and be tankier than having to deal with 20+ enemies at once."
76561198027212177,Recommended,535480,33879419,Posted: 29 July,all,Rivll,"This will be quick (relatively speaking;) :The Kicker, that made me recommend is the gameplay.Let me elevate:For me this isnt a buttonmasher in the way that your main way of fighting consists of standing there in a funnelspot hitting square.As you have a mighty positioning tool in the airresetmechanic on your hand, that lets you combo, reposition and feel like a freaking ninja pulling a finger to gravities face.Combined with the hordespawnsystem this makes for intense clutch fights as you shuffle between enemies to single out highpriority targets first. And they designed the enemies in a way that fits into this very nicely as they are all creative and simplistic as in they have a crystal clear way to indicate and telegraph their attacks and are easy to follow and track  in a horde.Loving the positioning aspect in the fights as you re also never looked to a room so you could led them somewhere else or make a run for it.Airresets and double jump, blink etc make it so fluid to for example drop down a ledge and kill a bunch of charging ground from just outside their hitboxes in total safety.Things i dont like and hope they can improve(as they were super fast in responding to critic and offer solutions already with beta branches iam very optimistic here):- Loading times due to procedual gen. (everytime you transition into a major area and or dy)- Performance, also the 64x branch nearly completely fixed that for me."
,Recommended,535480,33884715,Posted: 29 July,all,Egg,"Beautiful Art, RPG elements, and hordes make this Metroidvania stand out from the rest. The developers are also working hard to improve all the issues with the gamnes horde mode. My main complaint is the loading times, which the devs are also trying to fix"
,Recommended,535480,33946682,Posted: 1 August,all,Baron Von Blumpstoven,(about 2 hours in I guess?). I can't say much tho cuz I'm not too far in to it yet. But so far so good
76561198075762681,Recommended,535480,33865729,Posted: 28 July,all,Cjaosran,great game with good difficulty!
76561197996798928,Recommended,535480,33883571,Posted: 29 July,all,PRAISE THE SUN,good game. git gud son
76561198103270336,Recommended,535480,33922572,Posted: 31 July,all,Hitailz,Beware the gong.
76561197972798026,Not Recommended,535480,34310643,Posted: 17 August,all,Danoobiel,"I expected so much more for my money from this game.This is a half-hearted attempt at a roguelike. Except minor tweaks the map always stays the same. Sadly the static map isn't nearly as well designed as in other games.Even if you want to play the game for it's lovecraftian story, I'm sad to tell you that there bearly is a story at all."
,Recommended,535480,33883844,Posted: 29 July,all,vxckcxv,The swarms of enemies tend to turn the screen into a chaotic mess which makes the combat feel somewhere between an intensely satisfying gauntlet and an unbalanced clustertruck. It can be very overwhelming at first but overall I'm having a lot of fun with it so far.
76561197997725731,Recommended,535480,33894672,Posted: 29 July,all,Gifts Ungiven,Great Game
76561198006624587,Recommended,535480,33872860,Posted: 28 July,all,jigglestick,Worth it!
76561198039117178,Not Recommended,535480,34269469,Posted: 15 August,all,Big Daddy Nasty,"great graphics fun at first then the game starts to become very repetative, every map changes like a rogue like game which is very annoying i would give this game a 6 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,535480,34000136,Posted: 3 August,all,JV2501,"Great art;Bad level design;Great boss art design;Repetitive boss fight design;♥♥♥♥ me ""The Pit"" and other endless hordes areas from the third region;Unsufferable punishment for mistakes in a game that aims to be a chaotic metroidvania and wants you to die and repeat a parcialy proceduraly generated level, is inconsistent at least, and the Democratic Party in it's full bravado;Resist/Embrace paths are not balanced in it's payoffs, and the absence of balance lacks meaningful relation with anything, other than ""Oh, you are less powerfull. Enjoy."">Hollow Knight did it better and is cheaper<"
,Recommended,535480,33865582,Posted: 28 July,all,rhumzinator,"Don't blink !If you blink, you're dead.GIT GUD/20"
,Not Recommended,535480,34172114,Posted: 11 August,all,Monokai,"Unbalanced and unfair gameplay make for an unwelcoming game that I couldn't bother to continue playing after a few hours. I you like this sort of games, go play Hollow Knight or Ori and the Blind Forest."
,Recommended,535480,33876801,Posted: 29 July,all,"LunasteelMaster, BASS BLASTER",Resist/7 - Would play for 12 hours without a break again.
,Not Recommended,535480,34007051,Posted: 3 August,all,Ne7erwinter,"Looks & controls like a flash game. Stage design literally made me fall asleep. Boring-looking re-spawning mob persistently negotiates all kinds of terrain to constantly body slam you... can never shake them off & they never leave you in peace for more than 3 seconds. Most persistent mob in all of gaming history, guaranteed.Fantastic trailers resulting in a bitter, bitter disappointment.Game: 4/10Trailers: 100/10"
76561198171882882,Not Recommended,535480,33959684,Posted: 1 August,all,Evernight,"is it beautiful? ... meh.is it fun? ... no.is it worth the money? ... no.is it riddled with poor design choices? ... yup.i've started playing this thing on hard because i'm not the "" easy "" type. few hours into the game, got the corrupted shield + the regen shield on kill perks... then breezed through 70% of the game. I've used other corrupted powers to get the final two... then had to go through the entire map because i couldn't find the other minibosses. ... now the only choice I have is to grind.... because i can barely keep up with the overwlelming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hordes that spawn every 20 seconds.So here are a few suggestions that should have been implemented before this game passed qa:1. give me some clue as to what the outcome of breaking/corrupting an elder shard is... is it going to do some damage? is  it going to screw with my gameplay style? ... is it going to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off beyond belief? ... it'd be nice to know... especially since i can't a previous save file because that technology only exists in the future.2. give me an option to lower my difficulty if i decide to do so... you don't have to sugar coat it... call me a ♥♥♥♥♥... just don't let me reach the point in which i'm uninstalling a game and spending 10 minutes complaining about it in a review. 3 dificulty settings ... one of which is insane... is also inaccessible on the first playthrough... the game only started becoming unplayable after I already wasted 10 hours on it.3.  you need to fire whoever decided to make artistic choice of using that narrator language, and subtitles, in a game with random horde spawns. ... what the hell is the point?"
76561198003540719,Not Recommended,535480,34003345,Posted: 3 August,all,Avalon,Just not fun
,Not Recommended,535480,33962996,Posted: 1 August,all,hoser81,There's gotta be more to this right?  Artwork is fantastic but that's it. Going back to Dead Cells.
,Recommended,535480,34539928,Posted: 27 August,all,kmfnj,"What a game.I just finished the ""Embrace"" path and I very much enjoyed corrupting all my abilities. At first, I wasn't sure about the horde system, but ultimately I think it works for Sundered. The randomly generated areas of the game didn't really add much to my experience, but I guess it's a neat idea. I really feel like the game could have been just as good without that feature, though.I think my favorite parts of the game were the gigantic boss fights and, of course, the gorgeous animation that made every move Esche makes look like an absolute dream. Oh, and all the tentacle baddies in area 2. (The cultists, I think?) Those are some amazingly well-crafted character designs. There again, it's the animation that really sells it.I was a little annoyed trying for 100% as there are a few hidden Elder shards so I Google'd 'em. Which I guess is fine, really, I just didn't care to explore everywhere I'd already been to find them. I am looking forward to a second playthrough trying out the ""Resist"" path. I also decided to up the difficulty, so it may end up being too tough for me. LOL."
76561198093926579,Recommended,535480,34537136,Posted: 27 August,all,DeskieFam,"An excellent Metroidvania game filled with Eldritch horror. The artstyle is incredible. The bosses are tough, but I never stopped playing."
,Recommended,535480,34557929,Posted: 28 August,all,Cryosphere,"The game is so fun and hectic, maybe a bit overwhelming if you're not expecting a hoard. There's so much freedom which makes it far more enjoyable than if it was a linear experience. The art is splendid and I personally favour how the animation looks (referring to the sketch-like lines in the enemies and the player character). Definitely recommend the game 15/10"
76561197970295368,Recommended,535480,34450222,Posted: 23 August,all,Psylencer,"Fantastic 2D action sidescroller.  Graphics, pacing, and challenge are all top notch.  It hits all the right notes, in my book.  Loved the hand drawn aesthetic & animation quality, loved the speed of travel + combat, exploration is solid and complemented very well by these components, and the boss fights are very challenging.  Honestly, if you're a fan of the metroidvania genre, you owe it to yourself to play this one.  A+.  Hope the devs make bank & are able to keep making content of this quality.Cheers."
,Recommended,535480,34458421,Posted: 24 August,all,kaiserpocky,"I admit, this is one of the few games wher ethe trailer alone had me at 'shut up and take my money.' Lovecraftian grimderp metroidvania? No way I wasn't going to try.At this point, I've managed to get one of the endings, and am pounding my skull against the endboss of a second. The game is unforgiving in its difficulty, but ultimately fair. In most circumstances.The bosses are undeniably an exercise in sadomasochism, but that's part of what I came for. Thoroughly enjoyed so far, adn I do plan to try to get all three endings."
76561197993045961,Not Recommended,535480,34516096,Posted: 26 August,all,Nefer,"Sundered is a barely passable metroidvania. It gets plus points for lovely graphics, but its about all it has going for it. 8/10 graphics.Seriously, whats up with the sound? its super faint and almost nonexistent, just some weak blops and whaps. I have plenty of volume in my other games and my music.  1/10 sound.I know Sundered plays much on the horde mechanic, but i think it quickly grows absurdly ridiculous, endless numbers of quickly spawning enemies obscuring the screen and making it super difficult to see your character.  Doubly so when getting to a big boss battle, the camera zooms out so far that you are naught but a gnat on the screen, and you are expected to do difficult platforming to deal with a collosal boss.      And then as you whittle down the first big boss, he suddenly explodes in red explosions, obscuring -everything!-       I dont know how i managed that boss.      Reached the second big boss, mechaskeleton, but i couldnt beat it and went to try the cathedral. But gawd, if the enemy density was bordeline in the earlier zones, the cathedral quickly ramps it up to eleven.       Right there I lost any motivation to play further. But eh, i had about 10 hours of gaming time out of it, but definitely not a game ill try again.  4/10 gameplay.Not recommended, exept if on sale."
,Recommended,535480,34514409,Posted: 26 August,all,Eonymia,"The fighting mechnanics are fairly simple, and  could use more variation, however I'd still recommend the game. It's hard to pinpoint why though, maybe it's the art style or the challenge, or the fact that there are multiple endings which is always nice.The game isn't that difficult most of the time; The last boss, however, is quite hard.I've seen some complaints about the keyboard controls which I don't understand. The directional buttons give you good control of your character, and the action buttons are fairly well placed. In fact, I don't quite understand why you'd want to play this game with something like an xbox 360 controller. I tried, and just ended up making more mistakes in the directions since netiher the analog stick nor the d-pad offer the needed precision."
76561198303899741,Recommended,535480,34058872,Posted: 6 August,all,80banes,"This is great game, but you shouldnt be comparing this to castlevania sotn or hollow knight. There is that part of exploring dungeon and getting abilities that allow you to progress further, but gameplay is different. The closest similar feeling for me would be warframe. We have a game with most enviroment procedurally generated and with enemies that spawn quite often to ensure theres always a chance to get some action.-Movement in this game starts as a traditional 2d platformer one, but with upgrades you get wall run, hook, even mutiple jumping/blinking.Game's combat may seem simplistic at first glance, but even with basic attack and directional inputs you can launch, juggle basic enemies. There's a focus on aerial combat, practically all big bosses need some sort of aerial movement ability, final embrace boss being an ultimate test.Overall, progressing in game enhances movement and combat to a degree where you can freestyle and just have fun.-Hordes. People freak out about those, but only rarely they can be unmanageable (cannon helps out greatly too once you get it). Plus theres always option to run (unless its some sort of challenge). There's also endless hordes zones - those are meant to be a test to players evasive movement skills.-Game is beautiful, has nice hand drawn animations and backgrounds.-level design. Each zone has parts that are always there and randomised stuff in between. I really loved cathedral zone, humongous vertical level with this ethereal feel, and constant fear of falling into abyss:)Game gets criticized for its procedurally generated level parts. The way i see it, it makes sense when considered alongside the gameplay they were aiming for - so action packed you dont have time to investigate map, just know general idea where you're moving next (as the landmarks are always in the same place). procedural stuff makes sure you're getting better at game systems instead of memorising levels.-story? eh, generic stuff.-sounds and music seem adequate, not distracting. Rarely noticed music though (it should be there, since theres soundtrack to buy)-replayability. there are 2 paths to follow, and both provide different upgrades and diferent final boss. so yeah, if you like gameplay, worth to replay at least once.-Should you play it? Yes, but understand, its a not traditional platformer, people get dissapointed if they want traditional metroidvania stuff. At least try it."
76561198011114788,Recommended,535480,34065038,Posted: 6 August,all,TheBone,"Reading through some negative reviews I decided to write a review for this game myself as I think this game is getting mainly negative reviews for the ""horde system"" that some think is a ""design flaw"" but in my opinion fun and essential for the game. Read other reviews for feedback on the exploration, music and so on as I will only try to elaborate on the horde system and the ""tools"" to ward against them.To be honest I had troubles with the hordes at the beginning too. But this ""hate"" feeling for the hordes will fade fast as you (should) quickly come to understand that you cannot just idly stand there and hold your ground. As soon as you realize that you need to use the feats given by the developers you will (most likely) come to love the hordes as you will have to put those feats into action and learn how to maneuvre your character in a proper manner. E.g. reposition your character and lure the monsters in a bottle neck area to destroy them with the strong air to ground move or with your cannon. Later on you get more ""gimmicks"" and there is a nice learning curve when playing against the hordes (beside the exp you can get from them). Of course also the monsters get harder, so you also will need those gimmicks.Not to underestimate are also the perks you can get randomly from ""small bosses"" and that you can equip to your character and switch them if needed. This feature is nice as depending on the perks you choose, the play style of you will change as well as they not just give you advantages but also disadvantages (e.g. more damage but at the same time less health). And those perks are also important for boss fights as ofc some perks are better used for hordes than for bosses.Keep those things in mind and experiment with the feats and perk system and I am sure you will come to love the game. Even though I still get overwhelmed at times I always look forward to the next wave to try some new strategies. The different types of monsters add to that as well as for each monster types there are different strategies. The horde system is very unique and in my opinion the (important) key part of this game (beside the great boss fights) as they give you this intense feeling as soon as that alarm goes off. Without it the game would be dull and you will not feel the desparation of the character as well.In short: a very nice, fun and challegning platformer that rewards you with cool gimmicks and upgrades and the horde system that guarantees adrenaline and the right atmosphere. But also a lot of fun by trying to beat them."
,Recommended,535480,34065264,Posted: 6 August,all,SickLilSlug,"Decent game so far, my only thumbs down for the game is that it can get visually clustered at times, id rather have fewer but tougher enemies to battle then alot of easy ones that simple make it hard to see whats going on because theres serveral stacked on one another and you die simply because you lose track of 1 enemy outta the 30 attacking you. Makes the challenge of the game feel more cheap then anything. Other then that it is a great platformer so far, love the art style tho some of the basic creature designs feel lacking."
76561198032616820,Recommended,535480,34029077,Posted: 4 August,all,wheatsquid,"This is a truly gorgeous game-- the hand-drawn animation is stunning and it makes me feel as though I'm watching an interactive movie in the style of Ralph Bakshi or Don Bluth. It excels in the true metroidvania style of exploring and backtracking once you've found a spot with a ledge just out of reach, and then excitedly running back after you finally find that double jump upgrade. The combat is fun too, nothing too demanding but it can still get your adrenaline pumping when what you thought was an easy fight suddenly gets reinforcements. You die a lot, but you're supposed to-- its supposed to be tough! Then you can upgrade yourself and jump back into the fray, and get a little bit further.I've seen a lot of griping about the fights being unfair (then just run away, you're pretty quick) or too simplistic (I actually find it refreshing to have a game where you can just enjoy the hack and slash without having to memorize a strict tactic for each basic enemy), and I think everyone is missing the point a bit. You're caught in a limbo and the screen literally says ""Death is no escape"" when you die-- the message that this is going to be a long trek is quite clear.Really my only complaint is the super long loading time the first time you go out into the world after booting up the game, but that would only have been a major issue if it happened any time you left the sanctuary rather than just the first time."
76561198126871693,Recommended,535480,34022504,Posted: 4 August,all,#SENPAILIFE,"TL,DR: An awesome game with fast paced action that feels super rewarding to finally beat.So i'm thinking that Sundered is going to be one of my favorite games of all time. Love the art style they used and the variety of enemies they use. It's freakishly hard at first but it gets so rewarding once you level up. it feels like the unofficial love child of Metroid and Dark Souls. Everything flows well and the upgrade system makes dying and running back again and again to get farther and farther into the everchanging dungeon tons of fun. i just wish it had an easier to follow story. or cutscenes. both would be nice. But if you've got an imagination you could piece it together. definitly recommend if you're a fan of side scrollers.  jus' sayin'"
,Recommended,535480,34095905,Posted: 7 August,all,Vinrafel,"Video Reviewhttps://youtu.be/qRfFUePh3OoQuick InfoSunderedis a great hack and slash experience. By labelling it as a metroidvania, the developers geared the player towards expecting a set of experience that did not occur. If you exclusively want a metroidvania, I would look at other games likeHollow Knight. However,Sunderedis a great experience if you know to expect frantic combat and heavy rouge-like elements throughout. The narrative was somewhat nuanced as it played off of the standard old versus new paradigm while not passing damning judgements upon either group. The player decides which force was justified.Sunderedis quite a fun experience and is definitely worth picking up.For a more in-depth review see the video above or read the review at:Vinrafel"
,Recommended,535480,34104440,Posted: 8 August,all,Solitaire,"Amazing game, the combat was great and smooth. The game on hard.. is actually hard! The monsters have different strategies that are effective for them. My only wish is  that the cathedral level tones down the BS meter a bit. That ♥♥♥♥ing hunter was cancer."
,Recommended,535480,34104407,Posted: 8 August,all,wolfgang,Amazing!
76561198137423367,Recommended,535480,34087746,Posted: 7 August,all,Xander,"Sundered is a game that I've grown to love for a variety of reasons, but it can also be a button mashing rage fest at times. To get the easy stuff out of the way, the game is beautiful, the animation is amazing, the bosses are epic, and the progression system is easy to learn and use. There are several things this game does wrong such as the remarkable difficulty spikes that can easily catch you off guard and be virtually impossible if you find yourself getting ganged up on by forty enemies in a small corridor. It only gets worse if there just so happens to be one of those mini boss ""Lith'"" mobs that I've grown to hate, which are essentially oversized golden versions of the normal mobs you encounter throughout the level, and generally make you let out a small ""meep!"" every time you hear that gong sound in fear of running into one and it's forty monster posse. Despite my few complaints for this game, there isn't much else for me to hate and I can even look past these horde encounters to some degree. I can see that one of the main concepts of this game is ""get money, die, get good, win, repeat"" and honestly I love it in some kind of sick way. It can get repetitive at times, but it's so fulfilling when you finally beat that big bad Lith' mob that's hounded you down the whole time, or a boss that's giving you trouble. Speaking of which, I really do like how bosses work in this game. They're big, unique, intimidating, and rewarding to finally kill after so many attempts. The regular mobs can also be quite fun to deal with as they all have certain patterns in their combat that they follow that you need to pay attention to. The combat is quite solid as well and all you really need is good reaction time, a level head in a stressful situation, and the patience to learn the patterns of every mob and then prioritize what needs to die first in a horde. The best thing to do, from my experience, is to keep moving and try to stay airborne. Target the flying mobs first.TL;DR, the game is beautiful and definitely has some problems with difficulty, but can be so friggen fun if you can manage to power through the unholy challenge in front of you and learn how to handle every enemy effectively. I don't recommend this game to people who can't handle dying, even if death isn't all too punishing."
76561198008817052,Recommended,535480,34379855,Posted: 20 August,all,Remus,"Beautiful game, not just the art but the whole thing itself.Everything fits together. The ""lack of lore"" is reasonable sincethe world is shattered and in chaos. So you need to put thefew pieces together and use your imagination. (Hyperlight Drifter)The enemy hordes make sense in this hostile alien world,replaced by nealy empty rooms where you can just enjoy the art and the eery music.( I loved to glide through empty spaces of the 3.area along with the winged ceatures in the background^^)I like the decision that you need to destroy the shards in the big bossfights as it would seem ridiculus when an ant would slice up an elephant.Corrupting abilities where indeed game changer- especially on the shield and strength amplifier in the end i indeed felt less human and could call this world my home. So while i struggled as a mere human, corrupted i mowed through enemies eventually.I had liked to visit a 4. area after i got all abilities so the game would be longer  through."
,Recommended,535480,34379582,Posted: 20 August,all,Pata-K,"A little less than 13 hours of gameplay for a modern story-based indie game, with triple-A artwork and very tight controls. It's worth its money, but those who don't like to put even the slightest effort in grinding should avoid this game.Sundered will challenge the player, though unfairly at some points. It keeps its charm until the end, but the narrative of the story kind of leaves you hanging at the end. There is no actual climax, no big reveal, betrayal or anything (since you can already tell from the beginning that the being giving you power is gonna f you in the a). I'm guessing there are multiple endings depending on your resisting/embracing, but I've yet to discover them. The ending I got kinda said ""hey great you killed the last boss but it's not dead so everything you did is kinda for nothing, also the hero won't be sleeping peacefully anymore"".I recommend it for the pure game experience. The artwork, controls, ze musicz and the atmosphere form a golden box of audiovisual sweets to the player. The story isn't a letdown, but the end of it is a bit floppy. Solid 4/5"
,Not Recommended,535480,34435950,Posted: 23 August,all,HeyKittyKitty,"I played Jotun  and loved it, and this looked like the same developers second hit.But  only when it comes to looks.As for gameplay its just SO boring.After playing Hollow Knight and Dead Cells (Much better value for your money) I think the buttonmashing in this game against enemies that are totally lame is just incredibly boring.Wasnt sure if i was going to refund the buy, but let it go because of Jotun, and i hope they make something better next time."
76561198086150045,Recommended,535480,33893753,Posted: 29 July,all,them_apples,"I feel like this game is getting mixed reviews because 2 things. The first is the combat system, more specifically the horde system, and the second is the repetitiveness.The horde system is essentially when a group of enemies spawn and try to kill you. Some people seem to think it's a cheap way to inflate difficulty because there are a ton of monsters and it can be hard to not get hit. I personally like it, although I didn't in the beginning. I would get hit from all angles, but once I started to use the environment, force enemies into certain positions and even run (you will have to run sometimes), the game became more fun. You also need to learn how each horde works since different types of enemies make up hordes in different areas. I think it could be tweaked a bit though, since it seems impossible to not take health damage sometimes. You also have a shield and managing it is super important. The game can be punishing, but whenever you die, you get to use the shards you've collected fom enemies. loot, etc and invest them into your skill tree.The combat is perfectly executed for the amount of enemies you'll be facing. If I could compare it to anything, it's almost like a bullet hell game. You're almost always attacking, but you watch for certain attack ques and then dodge and make your way around the enemies. Hitting an enemy stuns them and while the enemy is stunned you can air juggle, which then resets your double jump and allows you to move through the horde while dodging attacks and focusing others. It's super fun and intuitive when you get it down.Now, the repetitiveness is something that affects almost all metroidvania games. The procedurally generated levels in this game spawn different layouts whenever you die, however the main layout is still the same. This also ties into the lore about the world constantly shifting. The map itself is essentially a collection of boxes within a bigger box. The little boxes within the big box is what changes. Even though the world changes, I felt like backtracking in this game was actually easier than other metroidvanias since the map shows you exactly where to go.If you enjoy this genre, you will most likely enjoy this game. The combat is the meat and bones, but there is still exploring, finding abilities, and a huge♥♥♥♥♥skill tree for you to dive into. Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,535480,34697494,Posted: 2 September,all,ArronRiley,"Sundered, on top of being beautiful, has really smooth combat and movement. People say the horde system isn't very fair, which I could almost understand, but you are not meant to stay and fight them, which I feel is why those people are frustrated. I also think that the level of difficulty is spot on, and that the upgrade system allows you to grind a bit if you are stuck, allowing you to power up.Great game, totally worth it."
76561198042280538,Recommended,535480,34517154,Posted: 26 August,all,Barilius,"Aiight, So after finishing 2 100% playthrough, I feel I'm ready to write a review.What I liked:+ VisualsThe art is awesome and stunning+ Music:The music allows for an immersive atmosphere.+ Story:The story is intriguing.+ Boss fights:The boss fights are all super epic and well designed overall. They require knowledge and skill to beat.What I didn't like:- Flying Enemies:Flying enemies don't have any collision detection, meaning they fly through walls were you can't hurt them.- Projectiles:Projectiles can pass through wall too. Combined with flying enemies, this is complete pain.- Enemies overlap:There is no collision between enemies meaning there could be a dozen enemies at the same spot, obfuscating one another. Combine that with enemies that all attack at the same time and you die very quickly.- Hordes:At first, hordes are a ""well, you've played enough, back to the start with you"". At the begining of the game, the hordes are just way to hard, it's impossible to fight through because you die in so few hits and there are so many enemies. At the end of the game, they are just boring because you end up being very strong. You'll just button mash your way through it. In a discussion, a dev was explaining that the hordes end when either 20 enemies are killed or 60 seconds elapse. But enemies spawn all around you and most enemies are even faster than you. Hordes are impossible to escape. Also there are so many enemies onscreen it's hard to find your character through the clutter.- Sometimes tooltips lie:""Exploration is always rewarded"". That's not true. Exploration takes time and eventually, the game will send you a horde or  two, if you're not strong enough, you'll die quickly and have to start over again.""Cannon is good against horde"". Unless enemies run so fast that by the time you fire the cannon, they're all behind you, or they're all scattered around the screen (remember flying enemies that fly through walls and ceilings). Also, the recoil of the cannon is so strong, you're more likely to end up in deadl thorns than to kill an enemy with it. Sadly, the cannon is only good against the last boss (resist path).- Performance:Even with an SSD, the game takes an average of 30 seconds to load the map, that happens every single death. Also, sometimes, the game will suffer frame rate slowdown. The only solution is to die and reload.Verdict:Despite all the flaws, I liked the game, but I can't recommend it. It has so much potential but falls way too short.EDIT:What I meant to say (sorry to not have said this more clearly), is that this game has no learning curve and no difficulty curve, the only thing that matters are the stats and the attack button. At the beginning, you don't have the stats to live through a horde, at the end of the game, your stats allow you to defeat any horde thrown at you, all you have to do is to mash the attack button. Hell, once I got a horde and was plagued by a framerate slowdown at the same time... and I still managed to survive just by mashing jump and attack. I couldn't see♥♥♥♥♥♥on my screen but I still survived with minimal damage. The combat in this game is just button mashing and hoping for the best.The only useful abilities are the shield and mobility ones (dodge/roll, air dash, doublejump, and grappling hook). All other combat abilities are useless except for specific circumstances or content. They were not even designed with bosses in mind. Did you notice that in boss fights (the big ones), all your targets are airborne? So you cannot smash, the dive attack is not recommended since it'll take you away from your target, cannon can only be fired once and then you need to reposition (with exception of last resist boss which forces you to use the cannon). Your only real option is to hug the elder shards and mash away.In hordes, the smash and ground pound can and will be interrupted simply because of the sheer number of enemies. They're mostly useless. So yeah I can say that I finished the game with minimal use of the other attack abilities and a vigorous use of the attack and jump buttons..So I guess I should say the the beginning of the game is not hard really, because I guess you're meant to die... so it's not that hard, it's just tedious...RE-EDIT: In the end, I changed my review to recommended because I still liked the game, but I'm not changing my review..."
76561198104184074,Recommended,535480,35141575,Posted: 22 September,all,peterfireball,THANK YOU for making this 10/10...................!
,Recommended,535480,35476816,Posted: 4 October,all,building_man,"Solid 7/10 Metroidvania game. If you're a fan of the genre, you will likely enjoy this game. I do not recommend it to people who aren't fans of the genre.It is rough around a few edges, but it looks great, and the procedurally generated rooms are an interesting innovation for the genre.Do not use the highest difficulty level. It's named insane for a reason. All it really does is make you do a miniscule amount of damage, making the game a drag. I dropped it down to ""hard"" and had a challenging fun time."
