user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,535850,33180622,Posted: 3 July,all,Tobyy,"No single player, only 12 cars, all cars go the same speed (compared to the old games with the formula cars being much faster than dump trucks for example), no hop, no playlist queue for online multiplayer, 3 varieties of weapon in elimination and race, only 10 tracks, worse in every way than MMV3.Maybe it will be updated, but it's a long way off being a good game at the moment."
76561197991146188,Not Recommended,535850,33071573,Posted: 1 July,all,dw.LorDVictiM,"I was excited to preorder and play this game I love so much back in my childhood. BUTit becomes boring very quickly.Sure the visuals are great and for the 1st hour of gameplay this game is much fun. As others comment the game lacks in variety of gamemodes and tracks.But what I don't like is the weapon system. Coz there are only an Assault rifle, a hammer for melee attacks and a bomb that drops behind the car. Instead of the hammer the bomb is useless because it does not drop instantly behind your vehicle if you release it it is more like a mortar. If there is a player instead of a bot leading the pack and he/she memorized the track it is almost impossible to catch up. I wish to have some nitro boost to keep the game more interesting. I do not understand why Codemasters have not implemented the nifty ""Grappling hook vehicle set back tool/weapon thingy""? (it instantly changes your with the vehicle's position in front of you without harming it)Another improvement would be an option to discard your weapon you do not need instantly (there are enough free buttons on the keyboard/gamepad to map such function) without that you need to waste shots. Maybe altering the tracks (like in split second) or release some hazards to grief the leading vehicle could be great and can improve the gameplay.Back in the days my favorite game mode was just the simple trackracing. IMO racing against up to 3 other vehicles is nice and enough but the game is now some kinda chaotic ""pack racing"" filled up to 12 ppl or bots. My problem with this is driving inside the pack is mostly chaotic and the chances to get a useful power up to get away are to low.Unfortunately the player population is very low (at the moment 07/01) The only thing the developer intended to keep players playing the game is just a clone to Overwatch's lootbox grind and ranked competitive play system. And that is not enough nor worth playing.My verdict -> Codemasters tries to squeeze a fun game into some kinda eSport thingy and that does not mix with the classic MicroMachines that  I (and most ppl) love. Sadly :/"
,Not Recommended,535850,33016660,Posted: 29 June,all,NEDzorz,"(We actually played over an hour)Micro Machines World Series has driving mechanics which are sound and the few weapons it has are fine. However, there is very little content in this release version of the game. My friends and I were huge fans of Micro Machines V4 and found the levels to be much shorter. Not only are the levels short and there are too few weapons, but there are only 10 levels total. Additionally the throwing items which are for the first eliminated player to toss at the active players seem to only be a homing missile which is extremely cheap/unfair. One of the biggest flaws with the game however is they changed the way you unlock skins/cars, THEY CANNOT BE UNLOCKED IN LOCAL MULTIPLAYER ONLY ONLINE or SINGLEPLAYER. The old Micro Machines used to unlock a skin/vehicle every time a player won a level on local multiplayer. In the hour we played, we played every level with each car.I regret that I have to refund this game, but at this time I cannot justify its full price. I will pick it up again someday if they add more content or it is significantly reduced in price."
76561198006396777,Not Recommended,535850,33032221,Posted: 30 June,all,Sandals,Pros:- Nice graphics- Unlocked framerate (looks super smooth at 144fps)- Steam refundCons:-Very few tracks-Limited weapons (deal with Nerf??)-All vehicles are the same performance wise (no more track specific cars or hilariously fast drag cars)They should've just re-made Micro Machines V3 or V4
,Not Recommended,535850,33035216,Posted: 30 June,all,MonkeyJug,"First of all, let me say that my mother used to always tell me, 'If you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say anything at all.'Well, I'm gonna disregard that maternal advice and compose my very first negative review on Steam.  If this game had been released by a small indie team, I'd have just bit my tongue and moved onto the next game, but this is Codemasters - I figure, unlike a small indie dev, these guys can afford to take the 'hit' from a negative Steam review.I've been a big fan of Codemasters since the glory days of BMX and Formula 1 Simulator, way back when I couldn't afford full-price games.  Their games were cheap but just oozed absolute quality.  Their name on the cassette box was all I needed back then.I had soooooo much anticipation and high hopes for this game.  I even considered staying up until midnight last night just to play it, but couldn't stay awake.  With hindsight, my tired, old brain did me a massive favour.  When I woke up this morning, the very first thing I did was grab my phone and check the Steam page.  I was gutted when I saw the 'Mixed' reviews and even more gutted when I read the negative verdicts.  But I'm an optimist - I figured it can't be that bad... Surely!?Simply put, this game is a disgrace.  It is nothing more than a 're-skinned' Toybox Turbos with NERF/HASBRO branding and a premium price-tag.  The gameplay is virtually identical to Toybox Turbos.  There is absolutely nothing here that warrants the over-inflated price-tag.  This game had 2.5 years on Toybox Turbos - but you'd swear it was just a Toybox Turbos HASBRO DLC pack, released a month later.I'm a sucker for bright, colourful games and I adored all the classic MM games over the years.  They were a semi-permanent attachment in my Mega Drive.  This game should have been right up my street - instead it is a mess.  It looks good, but gameplay is where these games should shine but MMWS fails miserably in that department.  Even worse is the single-player options.If you have Toybox Turbos, then avoid this at all costs.  Don't even be tempted.  All the negative reviews are correct.If you don't already have Toybox Turbos, then still resist the temptation to buy this.  Instead, download an emulator or something and go play the old Micro Machine games.Disappointing..."
,Not Recommended,535850,33023781,Posted: 29 June,all,Zimond,"No singleplayer campaign, total focus on online modes. Vehicles are now all mixed up instead of bound to a specific track , meaning there are no fast or slow cars.. just different skins. Couldn't care less about the battle mode. No real focus on racing.If you were looking for a game that plays as the original 4 Micro Machines games but with nicer graphics you will be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,535850,33497512,Posted: 13 July,all,Phoenix1988,"This game is not a great game, It dosn't deserve the Micro Machines name, There is no proper single player mode like the classic games, The AI is way to overpowered, there is no people who play it so the game is a wast of mony"
,Not Recommended,535850,33124470,Posted: 2 July,all,Spare,"My first thought of this game is ""wow this looks much fun and better than V4"" and after seeing gameplay videos I was sold...Until I played the game myself and after knowing that all the cars (which are only 12 of them) are all unlocked already and the vehicles have all the same speed and turning unlike V4 where the trucks were slow and the race cars were fast and to unlock the skins and extra stuff in the game is basically only through loot boxes and this whole loot box system is basically the same as overwatch's system or even any other game with a loot system, It's not too bad but it doesn't feel so awarding, for some reason playing this game just didn't have such a fun vibe to it."
76561198026954905,Not Recommended,535850,33641286,Posted: 18 July,all,fyroman,"All cars handle the same as they've been designed to be used in the same race. A 100-mile departure from any past Micro Machines, and in fact Toybox Turbos (Codies' last MM-style game).Little-to-no content.Purely Battle Mode being shoved in your face which is the most content-heavy, but still not having the longevity of the traditional race modes (which, as mentioned, have little-to-no content).Subsequently, little-to-no players online.I say all this in the (vain, probably) hope that Codemasters will right their wrongs.Who am I kidding. At time of writing, only a bug-fixing patch has been released, but not a word on any actual changes in almost 3 weeks since release, even though this game has been rightly criticised to oblivion."
76561197969441585,Not Recommended,535850,33093564,Posted: 1 July,all,Flunk,"If you’re looking to relive the classic era of Micro Machines then this is not the game to get.  The game is mostly geared towards online battle mode and there are only a handful of very short, unimaginative racetracks. No campaign or league either.If you’re really itching for a top-down arcade racer then consider getting Toybox Turbos; it's still short but I felt it was more true to the original MM games.On a personal note, when I first heard about this game I was so excited. The 16bit Micro Machines games were a big part of my childhood and I still enjoy them today. It’s been a very long time since I’ve been let down by a game like this."
,Not Recommended,535850,33560022,Posted: 15 July,all,DanGer,Can not compete with Micro Machine V3. Teaming up with Hasbro ruined the game. There are only 3 weapon types and the game has almost no population at all. Bot games all the way and long waiting times to find at least one other human being to play ranked.Huge dissapointment.Not even talking about the lack of tracks
,Not Recommended,535850,33199221,Posted: 3 July,all,RickySpanish1Flynn,"Not worthy of the name. at all.Toybox Turbos is MUCH better, and even that was a trimmed down half-game!"
,Not Recommended,535850,33219958,Posted: 4 July,all,Ferlintokezeirquizes,"Okay, I wanna be careful with giving a premature review of this game since it was only just released when i write this... but I feel that I have to, maybe to give an extra nudge to the developers to patch the game in the right direction.First of all I should say that I've LOVED the prior games. Ever since MM1 and most of all MM2 where you built your own custom tracks the child in me since then have just been nuts about maybe the best partygame with friends ever made. At least in the racing-genre.With that said I will try to make an honest and objective review of my experience based on a few laps so far.Pros:+Graphics+MM-themed tracks, nice variation and good moving objects around the tracks+Decent customized weapons for different cartypes+Decent UI (A bit slow graphicbased and could be alot nicer but decent enough)+Love that they kept the oldschool characters from the original games.+Good AI when playing singleplayer racesI'm afraid that's all I can say for the Pros (RIGHT NOW)Cons:-Same carmodel for same track with custom handling, speed and break - to me thats what MM is about (Compare Racecar with the megaslow accelerating truck or the speedboats etc) Here it feels like it's all the same.-Only customization is skins. To me I couldn't care less about that stuff - wish there was some other rewards at the end of the rainbow.-Handling, yeah it's the same as the type of cars - I'd love it if it had more of a variety to it as well, as for now it feels like its all the same.-No singleplayermode. As I said to me MM is a partygame but it's not always that you have friends around or wanna play online. Some type of Campaign shouldn't be too hard to set up.-If playing the only singleplayeroption elimination that exist I wouldn't mind being able to skip the part when the AI is battling against AI. (Maybe it exist and I've missed it)-Content is a bit low. Instead of skins I would like more tracks with more cars unlockable by achievements.Summary:Sadly their appgame(!) is better right now. And A/B-testing of how to make people micropurchase is probably what making developers more eager to focus on the cashcow instead of the game for the real gamers. This feels like the sad truth to me. But I hope I'm wrong here. Anyway, it's not ALL bad this game, and it might be patched and possible to change up a bit to make it a move MMV3-ish game in the end but right now, I cannot recommend it.4/10ADDED: This Review is being Edited pending further gameplay and gameupdates.Also, Upvote if you want to see a MM2 Remaster"
,Not Recommended,535850,33086751,Posted: 1 July,all,ExellGaming,"YOU ARE BEING WARNEDHere is my honest review. I've tried to get a refund for this because I've had 1.5 hours so far and saw the whole game. Every level, only seen 3 other real non-NPC players and because I've had the client open longer (ie menu screen) Steam won't issue a refund. So I'm stuck with this piece of crap forever.Bad Points- No Campaign / Single Player- 12 Cars / Vehicles- Play for Hours Before Being Able to Play Ranked Matches- Very Expensive for ""Mobile Game"" Quality of Content- Finding Non-AI players is Diffiult (only like 150 people WORLDWIDE are active players)- Some Cars are OP- Game Breaking Glitches (Frozen Cars / Out Of Bounds)Good Points- Graphically Acceptable (nicely polished)- The Battles are actually funI would rate it 4/10. I considered this rating very carefully and I've physically played every other Micro Machines game included the Sega ones from the 90s.If you check the positive reviews you'll see that they also have many negative apects to them."
,Not Recommended,535850,33201405,Posted: 3 July,all,TheJudge911,OK. I really waited for that game. I bought it in pre-order. And now I wish I didn't.So i refunded it ...It was supposed to be Micro Machines great comeback. It is not.
76561197963316840,Not Recommended,535850,33615080,Posted: 17 July,all,madmollon,"Limited tracks and vehicles, no races for specific vehicle types, no single player tournament, bad matchmaking is putting me up with some guy called Gueko that everytime i'm in a game with him I lag like crazy making the game unplayable, (doesnt help that he plays the game for every waking moment of his life) so I lag 95% of the time I play.So many issues. as people have said in other reviews...definately not a 25 quid game in its current state, £8 game I reckon.It's a shame as there is so much potential here that if the devs took the game seriously and worked on it a bit longer this game would thrive, i'm sure all us gamers looking for a nostalgia fix would play it like crazy and love it!"
76561198065182303,Not Recommended,535850,33328165,Posted: 6 July,all,tomcrawley09,"Feels like this should be a 99p-2.99 App Store gameAll cars are equal in speed/handlingNo single player mode or leagues like old games hadReally bad game for the price , less content than the free mobile platform of micro machines so refunded"
,Not Recommended,535850,33819250,Posted: 26 July,all,Jamasan,"Micro Machines V4 on the PS2 was one of my favourite games when I was younger, so I had high hopes for this game. However, this game is nowhere near as good.Visually the game looks great, but that's just about where the good things end for me.I have 90 minutes in the game, only about 20 of which have been actual gameplay due to the long waiting times for online matches, and there is barely any content in the game. The maps get repetitive since there are not that many, and the events just aren't that entertaining to me at the moment, especially when most matches are filled with AI and have no actual players.All the cars feel the same to play, which is a big shame, especially when in V4 you had a total of 750 cars to unlock (technically 150 different cars since each car had 5 colours, but that still blows the 12 you get in this game out of the water), with a total of 25 different variants that each had a different feel to them, usually down to speed. In this, every race feels the same.It pains me to have to say it, but I really regret pre-ordering this game. Maybe it will get improved in the future, although at the moment I'm not very hopeful. Definitely not worth the price considering the current state this game is in."
76561197970719813,Not Recommended,535850,33931674,Posted: 31 July,all,horsky,"Not the same as the original, really sad because it looks phenomenal and it brings back memories from when it was great. Now it gets boring after an hour. No singleplayer, all cars feels the same, only three pickups, not many maps. But it sure  looks good, screenshots of the game will get you all exited and take you back, dont get fooled though, it will dissapoint you when you actually play it.Shame"
76561198026904866,Not Recommended,535850,33139710,Posted: 2 July,all,Grefusa,"Ufff, lack of content everywhere.No worth for the price. This game should cost 9.99 max."
,Not Recommended,535850,33033384,Posted: 30 June,all,Larvitar,"(I've actually played well over a few hours, it's just not tracking my progress correctly.) Oh no... no ♥♥♥♥ing time trials? Are you KIDDING ME?! This game would be so great if it had time trials, a single-player campaign where you progress through the difficulties like the old Micro Machines, it's just racing or battling vs AI... the rest is... online? Codemasters, why? This is not worth the 24.99 I paid...EDIT :: Oh yeah, I neglected to mention, the cars are WAY too slow. Just stick with Toybox Turbos."
76561197986490428,Not Recommended,535850,33290480,Posted: 5 July,all,Rich1981,If you are a fan of the original this game is not for you. It's a complete joke. Like many say the free mobile game is far better and far more fun to play. This is not a fun game at all. Had so much potential too. Really wish I hadn't pre-ordered now and I am currently fighting with steam to give me a refund as I have played more than 2 hours. Joke!
76561198074088223,Not Recommended,535850,33452579,Posted: 11 July,all,The Colonel,"This is the worst remake of a game. Ever. What a total butchery of micro machines. Yep, great to have reminiscent gameplay, but the joy of the competition and play of the original is nowhere to be found. An absolute shocker of a money grabbing game, if codemasters want any respect out of this they need to rethink their aim. Not everything needs to be online, especiually not this game. An absolute waste of money."
76561197985462358,Not Recommended,535850,33097852,Posted: 1 July,all,BobbyPCE86,"Very disappointed with this one, it feels unfinished due to the lack of content and no real single player mode making it really difficult to justify the asking price. The battle modes seem like an afterthought and there doesn't seem to be any human players online! I wouldn't ask my friends to buy a copy at £25, we all had fun with Toybox Turbos and will no doubt stick with that."
76561198074242504,Not Recommended,535850,33095713,Posted: 1 July,all,Machado,"Pros:* RefundableCons:* Random freezes* Doesn't feel like a micromachine game, it feels like a random android free game* Shameless spam of Nerf advertisement* Does not have a campaing or anything interesting for single player offline* Problems connecting to steam for online features"
,Not Recommended,535850,33247833,Posted: 4 July,all,Plot-Armored Titan,The Good:- RefundableThe OK- fine gameplay- fine graphicsThe Bad- No Single player- MP only with like 5 maps.- no way to disable wapons and only 3 of them- no time trial- only 10 maps (most of those are almost the same as TT)- max 6 cars in elimination with only 4 people- Battle mode sucks- 12 cars which all controls the same and has same stats- much more expensive tha Toybox Turbos (or even older MMs) with just a fraction of content- Got really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥how messed up this game is :-( :-( :-(-  skins locked to Online-only lootboxesRIP Micro Machines
76561198019431715,Not Recommended,535850,33051710,Posted: 30 June,all,collinhugh,"I should have waited for the reviews before pre-ordering this. Where is the single player mode? I don't want to just play online, especially when I'm starting a new game. My car was uncontrollable, it skidded all over the track. I'll go back to playing Micro Machines on my original game boy. It's a shame that years later that excitement still can't be matched."
,Not Recommended,535850,33039933,Posted: 30 June,all,Sp4rkR4t,"Cars are all the same except for weapon loadouts in battle mode, no just race mode except in skirmish, tracks are pretty dull and handling is floaty. This ain't Micro Machines. Also Nerf can lick some balls."
,Not Recommended,535850,33429518,Posted: 10 July,all,LunchboxDOTinc,"Guess who got excited over the release of a brand spanking new micro machines, and purchased it bindly in a fit of excitemet without reading reviews?!THIS GUY!and guess who just came here lookig to see if it was actually a beta release with oly 2% of the planned content... again, this guy, and finally, can you guess who just applied for a refund.... you got it.what shuold be the most excitig return of a series ever, is SORELY disappointing... i mean, no character selection, a couple of cars, tracks i didn't count, and abslutely no single player? i feel my childhood dying as i type each and every letter....i can just imagine the devs sitting there laughing maniacally at charging $39.50aud for this...."
76561198288677575,Not Recommended,535850,33298100,Posted: 5 July,all,Mizakit Ioni,"I really think they shot themselves in the foot by not making a proper micro machines game, instead its rng loot boxes and the cars aren't track specific, making it dull. There's no single player mode, low varity of power ups, very few maps. This is not the Micro Machines games i grew up with. Micro Machines V4 wasn't good either but it wasn't bad. It was still fun. But micro machines 2 turbo tourmanent and V3 are classic examples of what micro machines should be. This is not worth the 30 dollars. I'm glad they chose that price instead of 59.99 because this is the worst micro machines game I've ever played. And that's depressing."
,Not Recommended,535850,33033117,Posted: 30 June,all,Varaosa,"ENG:I liked so much to recommend this video game but, i just can't!The game is not entirely unsuccessful but the game does not regret the quality of the older game series requirements and origin. This is particularly evident in the amount of game content and gameplay.Of course, this game is ""party"" -a video game, which favors multiplayer gaming but, unfortunately, I myself as a solo player and unfortunately, the game content is not just providing a lot of exclusive content and gameplay because this is mostly a multiplayer game.The control and speed of the game is the same for all vehicles regardless of the type of vehicle.The game also does not include me an important championship series that will win new cars when winning the tournament.I do not know if even game designers have even played the old Micro Machines game series. This is like a Toybox Turbo game with less content and with Micro Machines skin that is focused on multiplayer gaming.However, I'm going to keep the game but, it seems, the game designers do not seem to care much this a product or the players or usually i have to say, Codemaster not seem to care thease kind of matters in general. The same problems seem to be hidden in other new video games that the codemaster has released.Here is a list of at least some of the things I like and I do not like in this video game:Pros:-The new game (Even published one)-Visually fine and contemporary-The game's surroundings are mostly pretty, okay. However, I am not sure if imagination has gone too much over track planning or whether the solutions were good but working.-The ambient sound and sound effects of the game may be ok-A few totally new game modes-Can play with a gamepad-This game can be played locally by multiple players-Steam game achievements-Steam Trader Cards-Steam cloudy save systemCons:-It is not necessarily a fully-priced video game if you're just a single player or just a multiplayer. (In fact, playing only a single player modes.)-The game's championship/tournament mode is missing (Where you can win cars.)- Does not support the creation of multiple game profiles (a really important feature for me).-The game lacks much of the general classical feeling and game feel.-Race modes or AI difficulty level control is missing-Even if there is some new game modes, still some orginal game modes missing.-Not include all track types or themes.-The overall gameplay is too soft, realistic & unaccuracy. (I wanted to be able to control the car's speed and accuracy as in the old V3 video game.)-The player can't jumping or bounces with the car (Just like in V3)-The player can't turn 360 degrees in place or can but, the car moves and slides, which can partly explain the poor maneuverability. (Not simple and fun like V3)-The vehicles control & speed is generally fairly identical, depending on the vehicle type.-AI/Bots will punish you instantly and accurately when they are next to you. (They use their own weapon.)-The game race a speed & feeling is missing. (That's one of the things that really is this series known.)-The range of cars is too simplified for animations and 3d models. (I mean these floating weapon solutions, which only make it easier to design games. Weapons are not like V3)-There are no water tracks & boat races.-Not the same category of car racing. (Everything is mixed.)-Classic driving school is missing (The one in the V3 series was funny)-Pretty lame pre-order bonuses. (I wish someting more, like remastered/gold version of old versions of the Micro Machines series.)So it is not really the best version of the game series, but not the worst. Just a lot of things are missing from the game. Maybe some of them can be found in later game updates, hopefully.The game does not replace V3 or is necessarily a better video game than Toybox Turbo.I can say pretty much the same thing like many other games. If there is little content for you that you are willing to pay for the big price tag, that's okay.FIN:Haluasin niin kovasti suositella tätä videopeliä mutta, en vain pysty!Peli ei sinänä ole täysin epäonnistunut mutta, pelinä ei valitettavasti kunnioita vanhemman pelisarjan laatu vaatimuksia ja alkuperää. Tämä näkyy eritoten pelin sisällön määrässä ja pelattavuudessa.Kysessä on toki party videopeli, joka suosii moninpelaamista mutta, valitettavasti itse olen kuin yksinpelaaja ja valitettavasti pelinsisältö ei juuri tarjoa paljoa yksinpelattavaa sisältöä koska on pääosin moninpeli.Pelin ohjattavuus ja nopeus on kaikilla ajoneuvoilla sama riippumatta ajoneuvo tyypistä.Peli ei sisällä myöskään itselleni tärkeä mestaruus sarjaa, jossa voittaa uusia autoja kun voittaa turnauksen.En tiedä onko edes pelisuunnittelijat edes itse pelanneet vanhoja Micro Machines peli sarjaa.Peli on kuin Toybox Turbo mutta, vähemmällä sisällöllä ja Micro Machines iholla.Kuitenkin minä aijon pitää pelin mutta, tuntuu silti että, pelinsuunnittelijat ei tunnu paljoa välittävän asiasta sekä videopelistä tai pelaajista. Myöskään codemasterilla ei myöskään tunnuta kovin paljon välittävän asiasta yleisesti. Samat ongelmat tuntuu piilevän myös muissa useissa codemasterin peleissä.Tässä eritelty vielä ainakin muutamia asioita joista pidän ja en pidä tässä videopelissä:Plussaa:-Uusi peli (Edes julkaisivat sellaisen)-Visuaalisesti hieno ja nykyaikainen-Pelin ympäristöt pääosin jokseenkin, ok. En ole kuitenkaan varma onko mielikuvituksessa menty liika yli rata suunnittelussa tai onko ratkaisut olleet hyviä mutta, toimii.-Pelin ympäristön äänet ja ääni effectit ovat ehkä ok-Muutamia täysin uusia pelitiloja-Voi pelata peliohjaimella-Tätä peliä voi pelata paikallisesti useampi pelaaja-Steam peli saavutukset-Steam vaidettavat kortit-Steam pilvitallennusMiinusta:-Ei ole välttämättä täyden hintansa arvoinen videopeli, jos olet vain yksinpelaaja tai vain moninpelaaja. (Itse pelaan vain yksinpeli tilaa.)-Yksinpelin mestaruus tila puuttuu (Siellä missä voit voittaa autoja.)-Ei tue useamman peli profiilien luomista (Itselleni todella tärkeä ominaisuus.)-Pelistä puuttu jokseenkin se yleinen klassinen tunne ja peli tuntuma.-Kilpatilojen tai AI vaikeustason säätö puuttuu-Ei kaikkia ratateemoja tai tyyppejä-Vaikka on uusia pelitiloja, useita vanhjoa klassiko pelitiloja puuttuu-Pelin autojen yleinen ohjattavuus on liian pehmeä, reallistinen ja epätarkka. (Haluasin autojen ohjattavuuden olevan nopea ja tarkka kuten vanhassa V3 videopelissä.)-Pelaaja ei pysty hyppii auton kanssa. (Toisin kuin V3 pystyy)-Pelaaja ei pysty kääntymään 360 astetta paikallaan tai voi mutta, auto liikkuu ja liukuu samaan aikaan, mikä voi selittää osittain huono ohjattavuuden.-Pelin autojen hallittavuus ja nopeus on yleisesti melko identtisiä ajoneuvosta riippumatta.-Tekoäly kuljettajat rankaisevat heti ja tarkasti kun ovat vierelläsi. (Käyttävät omaa asetta.)-Se videopelin kilpanopeus puuttuu. (Se yksi niitä asioita mistä oikeasti tämä sarja on tunnettu.)-Autojen asevalikoima on liian yksinkertaistettu, nuo animaatiot ja 3d mallit. (Tarkoitan näitä leijuvia ase ratkaisuja, jolla vain helpotettaan pelisuunnittelua. Aseet eivät ole niin kuin V3 ovat)-Ei vesikilpa-ratoja ja veneitä-Ei saman luoka autokilpailuja (Kaikki on sekakilpailuja.)-Klassinen autokoulu puuttuu (Se joka oli V3 -sarjassa, se oli hauska).-Melko laiha pelin ennakkotilaus bonukset. (Olisin toivonut enemmän, vaikkapa remasteroidun/gold version vanhemmista peleistä.)Ei siis todellakaan kyse ole parhaasta versiosta pelisarjassa mutta, ei huonoimmastakaan. Pelistä vain juuri puuttuu paljon asioita. Ehkä näkin saadaan myöhemmissä pelipäivityksissä toivottavasti.Peli ei siis korvaa V3 tai ole välttämättä parempi videopeli kuin Toybox Turbo.Voinkin sanoa melkolailla samaa tästä kuten useasta muusta pelistä. Jos vähän sisältöä riittää sinulle josta olet valmis maksaa ison hintalapun niin, ok."
76561197988026853,Not Recommended,535850,33050605,Posted: 30 June,all,StigtriX,"THE GOOD- Nice graphics- Solid gameplayTHE BAD- No cups or campaign- No time trial- Few tracks- Few vehicles- Very little variation in how vehicles handle- Weapon loadouts are badly designedThis game is a disgrace to all the good Michro Machines games. This is an even lower effort than the mobile game with horrible microtransactions. Why on earth would I play a MM game where all vehicles are basically reskins of each other, and where the weapon variation feels dull? I would rather have no standard weapons, and have pick-ups only, or at least have that as an option. The focus of this game is all wrong... I wanted a nice MM game with singleplayer cups that I could play and have fun with, then play vs. AI or online when I want true competition, but I am left with few local options and a subpar online experience. This is Street Fighter V all over again.I did not buy this to be a tester or have early access. I bought this because it was marketed as a finished game. This is more unfinished than the MM mobile game on release. Get your act together Codemasters!"
76561198038208761,Not Recommended,535850,33037958,Posted: 30 June,all,fox112,"Good basic game and mechanics but at the moment there is less content than expected. Arena is nice but having no cars to unlock and something like al ""Single Player"" motivation to unlock cars sucks. The lootbox and ingame currency only unlocks skins, taunts, icons and stuff...The unofficial predecessor ""Toybox Turbos"" without the MM license did much better job on that and despite being the older game I think it is the better choice from a motivation point of view. If you like collecting little toy cars and unboxing them you should buy Toybox Turbos instead. If on the other hand you are focused on competitive multiplayer and ranked games primarily than this game might be the better choice."
76561198008117712,Not Recommended,535850,33371701,Posted: 8 July,all,ComePlayDie,"Really Disapointed with this game because I really enjoyed mmv3 on the psx years ago and wanted a newer game, sadly its super shallow game with next to no content...Pro's:1.Good gfx2.The tracks and cars they do have are cool.Con's:1.All cars go the same speed.2.Not many cars to collect3.No singleplayer like V3, only 3 gamemodes (Race,Battle,Elimination)4.Very low number of tracks (gets boring fast)5.Online you are lucky to get more than 1 or 2 human players (the rest are AI)6.Only 3 weapons Hammer, pistol and mine/mortar (piece of crap)Cash Grab!"
76561198026946492,Not Recommended,535850,33391585,Posted: 8 July,all,sidewinder,"Awful game.  If you played the original about 15 years ago, this isn't  even close ot being as fun in comparison.  This game is worht about $5, the online function is unplayable and the stupid add on crates are stupid and lazy.  DON""T BUY THIS GAME."
76561198062672116,Not Recommended,535850,33045213,Posted: 30 June,all,Zesti,Why only 3 maps and when we got finaly another map we disconect dont buy it for now it's a sucky game
,Not Recommended,535850,33046280,Posted: 30 June,all,tatticadanito,"I bought  this game hoping to have a similar game to Micro Machines v4 which is one of our (me and my friends) favorite game to play.This is really boring compared to MMv4, why ? Because:[-] Tracks are a lot shorter[-] Only 3 unbalanced weapons[-] Not a lot of cars either[-] The camera sucks[-] No single player except local races[-] You don't actually feel like progressing or doing something useful while playing the game[-] Can't rebind controls (except for keyboard)"
,Not Recommended,535850,33037269,Posted: 30 June,all,NoobCake,"The game has a slower pace than past MM games, and non-online game modes aren't as highly developed. The frequency and power of weapons in the racing modes make it feel like a poor, unbalanced version of mario kart. This game is really about the battle modes. If you are seeking racing/elimination modes you will likely be disappointed. Thankfully only played a little less than two hours, so I could still request a refund. Hopefully the developers will release more content (for instance more race tracks) and balance out some of the poorer dynamics in future releases."
76561198015735159,Not Recommended,535850,33053356,Posted: 30 June,all,Cyber7148,So i love micro machines but this game kinda killed my love for it. Classic Micro Machines did'nt need all this flash. i have not enjoyed playing this game. why are we playing with AI online? AI should be left to story or cup mode. I use to love the challenge of try to win but this game everytime i think am getting a edge a stupied thing happens as of geting stuck on cornor or geting stuck on nothing. one race i had two cars land on me and both push me back and off track what the hell is that. AI also is way to hard and knows how to follow you and you have no chances.Now On to gameplay controls are to loose am sliding all over the track and hardly touch joystick. Every Card feels the same theres no stats for any car like fast car should have bad steering and tank should beable to push you around but is slower also where are the boats.Now that i said my peace. Maps are colorful and very good but lack of good gameplay and limit options. i say this game atm is 4/10
,Not Recommended,535850,33402737,Posted: 9 July,all,fresco,"After ToyBox Turbos I expected a real sequel to the old Micro Machine games. This however has way too less content for ist current Price, several flaws (you need to be online in Steam to use all features) and last but not least no single player campaign (even ToyBox had one!).Graphis are decent in most places (less blurry effects would actually improve it further), sounds are ok (except for the annoucnement voice). Even the new battle mode is not that bad, if you find enough people to play it with - and that's another problem. It's very hard to find somebody plaing it online, in most cases you end up with AI players.Sadly, I have to refund the game. If Codemaster addresses the issues and adds more content in the future, I might give the game another chance. At the Moment it's just noth with ist price."
,Not Recommended,535850,33048617,Posted: 30 June,all,shinobi2600,"Had high hopes for this game but was always worried it would be toybox turbos scaled down even more so and thrown out into the wild.The tracks are way too short, of which there are only 10.No singleplayer mode.Very limited weapons.AI is definitely not working, they are way too overpowered at times.A lover of the original back in the day but this game in no way deserves the title Micro Machines."
,Not Recommended,535850,33045138,Posted: 30 June,all,Ryal7925 (RJ),"""Micro Machines World Series"" is a subpar remake of the originals at best, It lacks everything that made the old games fun and simply replaces that with product placement.I was looking forward to going back to a Micro Machines game but my nostalgia burnt me and of course that's what they were counting on. I suggest anyone looking into this game first a previous title by Codemasters, ""Toybox Turbos"", draw from it what you will.Pros:-Game runs-GraphicsCons:-No Singleplayer-Limited and extremely short tracks-Limited Weapons-Vehicles are all the same-Too few modes and many are simply listed under ""battle"" so you can't choose"
76561197992196899,Not Recommended,535850,33048245,Posted: 30 June,all,Elmo,Refunded due to lack of content and having to watch the AI duke it out because most games are made up of AI vs 2-3 players.
76561198119596731,Not Recommended,535850,33046840,Posted: 30 June,all,osmo,"Could be enjoyable for few hours or so, then gets repetitive and boring. Real shame since this could've been the best.Refunding due to lack of content."
,Not Recommended,535850,33053789,Posted: 30 June,all,Mongis,"This is my first time using the refund option. I honestly expected more from Codemasters. If you're looking for that classic Micro Machines feeling from the good old days, stay away from this game."
,Recommended,535850,33049088,Posted: 30 June,all,Niiru > /dev/null,Unfortunately a 90% online game but other than that it is just as fun as the play station titles.I'd wish for a little more of single player stuff like in the older games..
,Not Recommended,535850,33029352,Posted: 30 June,all,wang,"I'm a big, BIG fan of the original Micro Machines. I've played approximately 40 hours of Toybox turbos locally and it gave me the Micro Machines feel.This however does not really give me that same vibe, yes i played less than an hour but from what i've played it wasn't even worth trying to play it any further. The speed of the game is off, it definitely needs to be sped up at least 1.5 - 2x of the current speed. The cars are just basically a bunch of skins and you don't  unlock skins while playing online so you are bound to solo play for that.I'm not one to write reviews  but feel this is required because many people are going to buy this purely for nostalgic reasons and i must say stay away from it for now and stick to toybox turbo or wait for a price dropI'll be back for the next big patch."
,Recommended,535850,33020365,Posted: 29 June,all,Professor Oak,I dig it just like the old N64 days but HD and online I highly recommend a controller for this one
,Recommended,535850,33020784,Posted: 29 June,all,Elvira,"Micro Machine: World Tour is kind of like when your favorite fast food place messes up your order. While it's not what you expected, it's still relatively enjoyable in it's own right.The best way I could describe it is if Micro Machines v4 had a baby with Overwatch. The controls are basically the same as most Micro Machines games, being fast overhead view racing games with some slippy controls that take a while to get used to. The quote un-quote Overwatch elements come from it's emphasis on online play, customizable vehicles and such. While the game is still new (currently writing this review on the day of release) meaning that the online play is...lacking, It fortunately has bot play which works fine. The gameplay itself was hard for me to get into, but that's mainly because I just suck at video games in general. But after a few races and a try at battle mode, I can say that it is at least fun, which is really all that should matter in a game like this.The available characters/classes are also a nice touch. Again, much like Overwatch, TF2, Smite and various MMOs, there's a choice of 12 characters (two of them being G.I. JOE charcaters, which is pretty sweet) which each have their own special abilities and powers. They even managed to find a way to make the obligatory Medic class work in an overhead racing game, as well as make them as fun to play as the rest of the cast. Plus, the optional skins are all unique and interesting. Pre-ordering this game was a smart decision to play as a an ice-cream truck driven by a Russian girl.Of course, this dosen't mean the game dosen't have it's problems. Like, the lack of a singleplayer mode is a little annoying. I'm fine with online play, but the fact that I just can't set up my own races and bots like most other racing games is annoying. Plus, I do think there should be more variety with game modes. 3 is simply not enough, especially with the concept of an MMO racing game. In general, there's a lack of variety and content, so definately wait for a handful of updates to come around and iron out some of the kinks. And, the price is a bit too much, so wait for a sale if you want it.As of writing this, I haven't even played a full hour, so I might not be the best judge. But, chances are that if you're even the little-ist bit interested in this game, you might like it. If your looking for a remastered sequel to one of the hidden gems from the playstation era, you might not see it here. But if your looking for a relatively fun racing game with decent online features, I'd say give it a shot.Oh, and of course, Brain Blessed makes for an awesome announcer."
,Not Recommended,535850,33042986,Posted: 30 June,all,Falkentyn3,"This is my first review ever for a game. This says quite a bit.Extreme lack of content. Focus was on Multiplayer, but then you cannot play with your friends as it looks for random people. I was only racing with 1 or even just by myself with 9 other AI's, how is that Multiplayer? Also you end up playing on the same track repeatedly even though there is 10 tracks (again that is NOT much). No unlocking features except for skins and voices - don't really care about that stuff. I want to unlock cars and tracks. The cars have the same speed and control, maybe except the hovercraft. Weapons from battle mode do not carry over to Race or Elimination, so there is only 3 different weapons.I only played for about 45 minutes, but I raced and used almost all the cars in that timeframe and it was the same experience no matter what.Huge disappointment for the MM franchise. Maybe overtime there will be more content released for this game, but for the time being I do not see the need to buy this game right now."
,Not Recommended,535850,33286398,Posted: 5 July,all,NastyMan,"I am a longtime Micro Machines fan, pre-ordered this and was so looking forward to it, especially after playing the recent mobile version which is a damn fine game ruined by the freemium model and overly expensive items.All the devs had to do was strip that out voila, you have an awesome game, but no, not only have they stripped the worst parts out they've also stripped some of the best parts out such as clans and a much better league system than we have in World Series.Hopefully the devs will be working away on introducing the things that make the mobile game good - clans, much better league system and also the car parts system that added a nice collectible element to it and opened up better cars as you progressed.Having said that, what is here is good fun if a little shallow."
,Not Recommended,535850,33385460,Posted: 8 July,all,Graytail,"Looks great, gameplay is OK, online componant is frankly a joke.Playing offline will earn you no rewards in this game, you have to play online, wait about 2 minutes for no other players to be found, then get stuck into a game populated with only AI. OK, you earn lockboxes from it, but you have to wait every single game.For those eager to recapture that nostalgic feeling from the 16bit consoles, this just doesnt feel the same.Seriously, do yourselves a favor and check outhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/287260/Toybox_Turbos/instead.SAME GAME, MORE VEHICLES, HALF THE PRICE. MOSTLY POSITIVE REVIEWS.I dont have it, yet, but I could live without the licenses that have been crammed into Micromachines. Probbably explains why its twice as much as Toybox Turbos."
,Not Recommended,535850,33385325,Posted: 8 July,all,TorqueoZ?,"This game is 'very' expensive considering how little is actually in this game. I was very excited to pre-order this and play it, and when I got on I found it was mostly online (not a problem for me in these sorts of games). So I do a bit of practising and get to the online battle and races aaaand there's no one there.. Instead, the game will make you queue for about a minute, to finally be put into a game where you the 'only' human player, the rest are bots, and painfully dumb ones at that.There were several moments where I wonder ""Does this AI even know what it's supposed to be doing right now?"". For example, I can think of maybe one or two times in capture the flag where the AI actually realized the idea was to bring the flag 'back to base', not sit in the enemies base, holding the flag, only for it to be destroyed.I'm currently waiting for a response on getting a refund on this game. I know I only played it a couple of hours, but seriously, you only need about 20 minutes to start realizing there's next to nothing here, least of all players and this is one waiting to get out. Just don't waste your money.Better yet, if this review is disappoiting because you wanted to play a game like this, get Toybox Turbos! It's made by the same company as this, it's stunningly similar (to the point that I would argue it's a reskin) and much cheaper! As someone who was raised on games likes this and was looking forward to a revive of sorts, I'm afraid this one's a wash in every way. Go play Toybox Turbos if this is what you want."
76561198142778300,Not Recommended,535850,33317893,Posted: 6 July,all,uwotm8,"Just got a refund. Wasted potential. If they sort out local multiplayer racing and a bunch of additional maps, I'll consider re-buying"
76561197973897976,Not Recommended,535850,33233400,Posted: 4 July,all,Giraf,"Does not live up anything, not even its predecessor. It's such a half-hearthed game that it makes me sad. This game could have been big, instead they put out something where you get bored after such a short time. Singleplayer has no value to me in this game, so this is not considered in this review like most of the others you will see (This is clearly not meant for single player, wtf dudes?), all I want is a great multiplayer game with billions of power-ups and cars, which is where they ♥♥♥♥ed up in the first place. Besides the rant above, there are some crucial points which has not been tended to, and honestly it doesn't make any sense to me how you can release a game with these features broken:- The most fun multiplayer mode (imo) is the Elemination mode. But you can only play 6 cars, and only join 4 ppl together at a time!?!?!?!?!? wtf!?!?!?!?- Also.. in this mode you only have 3 power-ups (3!!!) - A very OVERPOWERED hammer (hits you even though it doesn't), a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nerf gun (how is this so hyped?) and the last one i forgot, that's how memorable it is.- To compare the amount of pick-ups from the first one on PS1 i checked old vids on youtube. You have at least 6-7+ power-ups for this gamemode.- Whenever you join an online game, you only meet AI's. Oh boy..- RANK AT lvl 10!!! - When you reach lvl 10 it says: ""the next season begins in 89 days"".This game.. I was looking so much forward to it, to laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off when I am owning ma boys like in the good ol' days. Sadly i can't return this game anymore because i spend too much time on it. If i could, I would spit on the keyboards of the people who is behind this game, they wasted so much potential."
76561198175860359,Recommended,535850,33070487,Posted: 30 June,all,zjoshzua,"This game isnt perfect. Not by a long shot. There are a lot of problems that, if not addressed, may change my reccomendation from ""yes"" to ""no.""However, I just spent 6 hours straight playing with my friend having the time of my life cursing at the screen playing online and Im already to excited to get up and do the same thing tomorrow.  IF you have someone to play with, this game is FUN AS HELL, for all its shortcomings. Below i will attempt to list my observations in a pros/cons list because thats what people care about the most on these reviews.PROS- Cars and Tracks look great and are very creative in their design, especially some of the battle maps (+++)- Online mode is very cool, doesnt seem like it every makes you wait too long, as it fills empty spots with AI (++)- Ranked Play (+)- Game modes are fun (++)- Silly extras you can unlock (+)- Addicting when playing with friends (+++)CONS- Only 10 maps, and they are all pretty short, not including battle arenas (--)- Could use more variety in cars, weapons and unlockables (--)- Ranked Play seems a little buggy at the moment, but right now we are only in Day 2 so hopefully they will address it (--)- NO SINGLE PLAYER (----)- No time trials (-)- Is this game secretly a big NERF/GI JOE advert? (-)OTHER NOTES- Loot crates (+/-) You level up and get a crate with random unlockables in it. I can see the anger behind this being in the game, I just hope they dont turn this game into a microtransaction mill through these crates. If they dont, they will be fine with this feature in the game.- I like the direction they took with giving the cars unique abilities, but I dont think they took it far enough. Id like to see different stats per car type, and even further, different classes of cars like we had in v4. That would require more tracks to house different classes, of course. (++/--)I think a lot of the reviews for this game on steam are overally negative about the game. Whether thats spured by unrealistic expectations due to nostalgia or something else, I couldnt say. There is merrit to those complaints, considering I feel like there isnt a TON of content in the game currently (enough to start, heres to hoping they add more soon), but overall this game is pretty good, and very addicting if you have friends to play a silly anger inducing racing game with. Id reccommend it to anyone looking for that. However, there is a lot missing that I hope they get to work on. No single player is very frusterating, and when youre playing alone, makes the game seem a bit hollow and lonely.6.5/10BIGGEST TAKE AWAYThis game has so much potential. In its current state, its a great idea, executed wih moderately high replayability and a sub-par level of variety. (AND THEY FORGOT ABOUT SINGLEPLAYER) What will define this game as better or worse than that will be how dedicated they are to listening to their own community on what they want."
,Recommended,535850,33062480,Posted: 30 June,all,JamTarty,When I first heard this game was pretty much 99% online and no single player I was quite frustrated but I've had so much fun playing currently. The game modes are great and doesn't take away from the classic gameplay. The ranked is just like jumping in to quick play and doesn't take forever to find a game. I think the spectator camera has issues in elimination but other than that no issues for me. Plenty of levels to keep it feeling fresh.I think my main annoyance in the game has to be having to back out to find another game instead of allowing you to search within the previous lobby but its not game breaking.At 24.99 I can't recommend it enough! If you played the classic micro machines games grab yourself a copy.
,Not Recommended,535850,33059409,Posted: 30 June,all,MuRpHy ツ,"WTF ????Codemasters simply lame the concept to the bone...Now all cars are brawling (where's the class related race ?....)Can't even play 2 game against the same person, as soon as you finish a party, you have to leave to create another one (lame as hell...)No ""championship"" ? Only one race, then restart....Col that we can be 12 on a game, lame that it's 1v1 pvp, and the rest are bot everytimeIf by chance you are 2v2 pvp, for 8 IA, well, the game just disconnect ""connection lost to the host""....Guys, I was very happy to see a new micromachines coming down hereNow, I'm just bored as ♥♥♥♥.....T.H.I.SS.OL.A.M.ECHANGE IT RIGHT NOW !!"
,Not Recommended,535850,33015670,Posted: 29 June,all,matthunter565,I should of checked what was the offer before buying. (can be played offline) This game is made for online in the first place. im totally deceived. I do not recommand if you want a classic micro machine experiance in new graphics... This game is a totally different micromachine experiance
,Recommended,535850,33050692,Posted: 30 June,all,Twosheds,"So far i'm enjoying it.  It runs well, no crashes (*sigh) and the cars drive in a way that seems familer and fun!Content is lacking according to other reviews, well maybe i haven't played enough yet.  I'm sure i'll agree in a few more hours.  Racing with AI all the time is more annoying, especially when they beat me, as it seems hard pressed to get 12 people together to race.  Maybe thats early days stuff too?  Or that only a few people bought it?  Or that i am too good to match me up with, yeh maybe not.I think its ok, if it was 39.99 i'd be peeved, as pre release price i'm happy so far."
,Not Recommended,535850,33020160,Posted: 29 June,all,Emennius,This game is just a cheap rip-off of Toybox Turbos with much less features. Best stick with the originals.
,Not Recommended,535850,33022002,Posted: 29 June,all,[-NAC-] Peaches,"Graphically so poor for a game released in 2017... I am playing in ultra and even in ultra the cars textures  are blurry and lacking of details. I already had doubts when I pre-loaded the game. Indeed MicroMachine V4 was nearly the same weight in terms of GB...but the game was release in 2006.How can we in 2017 as dev consider that the main object in a game, I mean the cars can be so awfull ??? you can reduce the quality of the surroundings, but the cars.... sorry I can't get it...At the moment I just played the tutorial and I am looking forward to play the multiplayer, but for the instance I have the feeling that way too much weapons are avaible...are we playing CS:GO, Call of Duty or Overwatch ? I though the game was title MicroMichines...This game doesn't respect the good old MicroMichines V2 spirit.I am seriously considering using the refund ability for the first time....let's give a chance to the multiplayer mode...if this suxx, I'll get my money back. At the moment ToyBox which was way less expensive gave me lot of fun.MicroMachines is currently over-rated in terms of price and this let me the strange taste that someone is trying to make coal with this name, without consideration for the previous versions."
76561198087543896,Not Recommended,535850,33992899,Posted: 3 August,all,Motherfudger_666,WHY U NO CONTENT?!10/10 would leave installed for my 3-year-old again.
76561198046510653,Recommended,535850,33025853,Posted: 29 June,all,Coprolite,"I've played V3 and the mobile game, loved them both.  There's definitely some meat to the new battle mode, I just wish I could get matched up with actual players and not the AI every time.  Racing and Elimination are enjoyable, but the cars all feel the same, and there are only 3 weapons to choose from.  I wish the racing modes were more fleshed out.The graphics are great!"
,Recommended,535850,33096416,Posted: 1 July,all,Tenguninja,"this game is just like micro machines on the original consoles, so if you liked that you will love this,while i agree there is no career mode which would of been good, the online matches are great and challenging,specially capture the flag match, i throughly enjoyed this game and i do feel like its good value for money,i think not having a career mode was a good idea in a way because its not like this is a game we've purchased from a retail store its from an online retailer so its not like we dont have access to the internet, and there is an option to race the AI'S but the main feature is to race humans and really isnt that the best thing anyway,i also like the fact they have eliminated any saltyness from the game which means its child friendly, so you cannot communicate with the other drivers,  my 6 year old loves rocket league and driving games yet the amount of abuse he gets when he's in a game of rocket league and scoring 4 to 5 goals a game on average is amazing, so its nice to have a game i know he can play without facing verbal abuse from other players"
76561197982596881,Recommended,535850,34000881,Posted: 3 August,all,getrippedoff,"A Break from the NormDespite it having some fairly big flaws, I would definitely recommend this MM outing. I think some other reviewers have touched upon it, but the reason it is receiving so many negative reviews is probably due to the price. It seems a lot compared to the ""free"" MM game I am currently playing on mobile, but when you factor in all the potential micro-purchases in that version, it's similarly priced.Unlike the progression system in the mobile game, here you are given a load of vehicles from the beginning. I don't know if these will be added to or not, but they appear to be upgradeable via a loot system. For some reason, the upgrades I've won are only cosmetic - audio samples, skins etc - and again not sure if they'll be power-up upgrades available at some point. They don't all perform the same, as some reviewer suggested, but they are very similar it's true. I guess this is to make the 12 vehicle races a bit fairer.The races tend to feel a little samey and random, not least because I always find myself playing bots. I do play at odd times though. However, where the game wins my vote is in the battle modes. It is absolutely manic! Each vehicle has 3 imaginatitive unique weapons, all animated well and with satisfying effects! Again, there is always 12 players, but this time it's actually very playable even with AI. When there are more humans online this mode will be the centerpiece for sure. You get killed a lot, but respawning can be fun as there is a setting allowing spawning as a different vehicle each time. This mode genuinely raised my adrenalin levels - no mean feat for a low-skilled but veteran gamer such as myself!To sum up, you should buy this game if you are a fan of the franchise, as there is more than enough fun for your hard-earned, if you take time to look. Try not to compare it with other versions - true, many of them are more playable, but this is a worthy instalment in its own right - SEE YOU IN BATTLE MODE!!!"
,Recommended,535850,33822225,Posted: 26 July,all,All-American Hoplite,"Fun little toy racing game, pretty good local co-op fun. Linux support has been good."
,Not Recommended,535850,33048768,Posted: 30 June,all,beefplay,"EDIT: Changin my recommendation. Everything below stands, it's fun, but as it currently is. I had to wait 60+ seconds to get in to a match with max usually, one other player. I played with ONE player entirely across the EU. Either matchmaking is broken, or there is nobody playing. Kills me to not-recommend this.. but unless there's a community, it's not fun. It's barley released so I'll give it time but like.. one person for a 60-90 second wait? Some modes flat out just full AI the match.. so.. yea. Gameplay is great, levels are cool, but content is bare overall, and community is non-existent atm.Old review: I don't get the negative reviews. Honestly. We have here, a great return to form. I've played since the early days back in the 90s when I was a kid. Last one I played waa v3, and while I wasn't massively fond of it, I think this was a massive improvement upon it.This game is not going to hand you a singleplayer campaign, this gamae is about competing against other plays (and AI, which ain't half bad at the start, once you get good, you will smoosh them). The competitive league is going to be something to pursue, I just feel it. If they keep building upon that, this is going to last a long time, for sure. Anyway, I got the nostalgia pangs, and I'll be going back for much much more. Cheers Codemasters, and I look forward to future content/updates!0"
