user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,536220,28965871,Posted: 2 January,all,Noodles,"Judging by the first two episodes (If you can call them episodes. TT shortened the episodes by about 50% for this game) this game is a complete disappointment to lots of TTG TWD fans, and here's why...Choices in Previous Two Seasons Don't MatterAs TellTale clearly states in all of their point and click games, ""The story is tailored by how you play"". In the previous two Walking deads, this was somewhat true, meaning that the choices you made affected the gameplay or how the story turned out, but for the most part it's just an illusion of choice. This really becomes clear to everyone in the FIRST EPISODE of this new installment. If you played the previous two seasons of TWD, or just the second season, you know that in the finale,you get to choose who dies and who lives between Kenny and Jane, two people that you have been surviving alongside for multiple episodes, and for Kenny, multiple seasons.At the end of season 2 you have 4 possible endings,being alone at Wellington, being with kenny, being alone with Jane, or being with Jane and another family.All of these endings mean JACK♥♥♥♥♥♥in the 3rd season,as Jane gets killed off in about 45 mins into the episode, so does Kenny if you chose that route, and in every possible situation AJ is lost, and is never spoken about the whole first two ""episodes"".False Advertisement?Ok, you play the first two seasons of a game, where in both of those games the main character is Clementine. Even in season one when you play as Lee, the whole game is based around protecting her and being a father figure to her. And in the second season, you play and survive as her. These seasons are Clem's story, and nobody else's. She has been the main focus the entire game. Then TellTale releases a third season, and everyone is excited to play more Clem and get more of HER story, right? I mean, she is in the game so that would only make sense, right? Wrong. Despite TT listing her as a ""Co Playable Character"" and advertising the game much like Tales From the Borderlands, you hardly play as Clem in this game at all, and the only time you do is in flashbacks, to show you what happened and how TellTale is too lazy to continue on their multiple endings pathway that they set back in S2. They made a completely new character, Javi, and you learn his story and his family's story in the first 10 MINUTES OF GAMEPLAY. The new characters in this game, including Javi's family are, in my opinion, hands down THE most unlikable characters in any TellTale game I've ever played. I care 0 about them all. Javi is the only likable one other than a couple, Tripp and Eleanor. Now let me tell you why they did this. TellTale made all these new characters and a completely new story for us to learn about to make us completely forget about the multiple endings that they did in S2. No matter what ending you chose, no matter what any of your choices were in either of the previous seasons, the game will still be the exact same, other than the pathetic flashbacks. TellTale was too lazy to even make the first two episodes different depending on your choices, or hell, even the first damn episode. And that is the main reason this game fails.Length. Really WTF TellTale?If I remember correctly(I do) the episodes in the first and second season of TWD and most other TTG games were around an hour and a half to two hours for ONE episode. Now, with The New Frontier, TT decided to release both the first and second episodes at once, totalling about 120 MINUTES OF PLAYTIME. TT knew damn well that the episodes were way too short, thus they release two at once to make the game seem longer. They even named the first two episodes ""Ties That Bind"" Parts 1 and 2. Let me just put this into perspective for you. The first two episodes of this game are about 20 minutes longer than ONE SINGLE EPISODE of the original Walking Dead. They think we're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, guys.TL:DRTellTale's illusion of choice has been something that they have been doing all along, but it has never been this bad. They were very lazy with this game and it shows. The new characters are, for the most part, all unlikable and completely disposable as they have little to no backstory to them at all. TellTale only made a complete new set of characters to get our minds away from the multiple endings of season 2 so they wouldn't have to worry about making the many different pathways, like their games are advertised as having. You only play as Clem in flashbacks and this isn't her story. We spent two seasons building up this character from helpless to a complete badass and are expected to toss it to the side and roll out the red carpet for Javi and his family of incompetent and unlikable characters."
,Not Recommended,536220,32698727,Posted: 23 June,all,L-r | BC,"The first two seasons of TellTale's The Walking Dead weren't perfect, but overall were very enjoyable experiences (even S2 despite its many flaws). Upon hearing of A New Frontier, I was excited to play the next installment in the series but ultimately was left disappointed by this seasons severe drop in quality.In short, this season was badly put together and could've been much better. Here are the main issues that plagued this season:--------------------Short Episodes:Episodes are only 1 - 1.5 hours long, whereas S1's episodes were about 2 hours each. The first two episodes of ANF were apparently split into two because the episode was so long, which is odd considering episode 2 is barely an hour.No hubs/puzzles:The story of this game is very fast-paced which means there is little time to socialize with the people in your group and learn more about them. Remember back in S1 when you had to give food out to people in the motel and could converse with your fellow survivors? Or how about when you could build a swingset for Duck in S1E2? Moments like these are almost non-existent in ANF. Fun puzzles like starting up the train or turning off Andy's generator in S1 are absent as well, so the only real gameplay here are the same old QTE's from every other TT game. This was a problem in S2 but it's much worse in ANF.Clem as a side character:For the record, I think Javi is pretty cool and don't mind at all that he is the main character instead of Clem. Here is my main problem though: Clem is an amazing character that we've known and loved for two seasons. That being said, Clem’s presence ruins the immersion of trying to play the game through Javi’s perspective as I care more about her than everyone else. Why side with the random people I've known for an hour when I can side with an amazing character I've known for years?Also despite what TT might try to say, you only play as Clem in 3 minute flashbacks.Easy/One-sided choices:One thing I love about TT games is having to decide on a difficult choice and seeing what other choices people did. With the exception of one choice in EP4, all of the decisions in this game were incredibly easy to make. Gee, the awesome character that I've known for two seasons accidentally killed a scumbag who tried to attack me. Should I side with her or not? There's a reason why some choices were chosen by +90% of players.Lazy animations:TellTale games aren't the greatest when it comes to smooth animations, and ANF is easily the best example of this. This season features tons of character models that are often ugly or emotionless. For example,in EP4 you confront a bearded guy who does not have any facial expressions at all when you are fighting him (TT didn't bother animating him). In EP5,there is a lady who lost her family and again has a blank face as she screams at the people responsible. Where are the emotions? There are also tons of obviously reused character models, characters appearing in scenes when they should be dead because TT forgot to edit them out, and other minor bugs. I usually don't care about visuals too much, but all of these bugs and bad models were very distracting to the game.Clem's EP1 flashbacks:This has been talked about to death so I won't really go into them, but man were these just terrible. I knew when I finished S2 that they couldn't build an entire game off of all the endings, but couldn't theygive Kenny a better sendoff than just a stupid car crash? AlsoKenny and Jane's EP1 models are just hideous.Choices still don't matter that much:The illusion of choice has become more and more linear with each new TT game, but ANF barely hides that fact that your story is incredibly straightforward. Examples:choose to hit the road in EP1, you still get caught by Max in the trailer. Choose to not join the NF as Clem, she'll still join. Choose to reject Kate and be bros with David throughout all 5 episodes, the latter will STILL fight against you because the plot demands it.The only S2 choices that produce any notable changes to Clem's character are the endings, though even their effects are very small. On the brighter side, a few minor choices can change your ending a bit and there is a triple determinant character that is able to survive the entire game (a first for TT). Aside from these instances, you are still forced to follow a straight path.-----In the middle of this review, I’d just like remind everyone that the previous seasons were not perfect and some of the problems in ANF were also present there as well. However, after many years of development I'd expect these problems to be fixed not madeworse.-----Bad writing/lots of inconsistencies:A lot of scenes are just awkwardly put together or make no sense mainly because of constant rewrites. Two specfic scenes that I felt were just really bad wereGabe ratting on me in EP4 for killing Conrad, and the fight withDavid and Javi. Both of these scenes came literally out of nowhere and were incredibly forced (especially the second one if you kept siding with that person andrejected Kate). Another result of the constant rewrites were various story aspects not making sense and creating inconsistencies/plotholes. I ran out of typing space, so if you need any examples just say so in the comments and I'll gladly provide some.Badly written characters:Most likely because of the fast-paced plot, the characters in ANF are written very badly. After Javi is involved in a fishy murder and indirectlydestroys Prescott, Tripp says ""your the boss"" to him after less than a day together.Joanis probably the worst TWD villain to date, as they have no character and quickly transform into a moustache-twirling supervillain. Ava had potential to be interesting though she doesn't really do much (and her EP5 death is probably the most hilariously awful death in a TT game). These are just a few examples and as before I can provide more examples in the comments.Misleading dialogue options:A lot of times Javi will say the exact opposite of what you want him to say. Want to tell Tripp that youkilled Conrad? Too bad! Pick the option where you admit it and Javi will just indirectly hint at it, only for Tripp to get mad when he finds out later. The same thing happens in EP3 when trying to tellDavidthat you have a relationship with Kate. Also, [Tell him off] = ""YOUR WIFE IS LEAVING YOU!""Unsatisfying story/lots of cut content:There are multiple endings to this game and none of them were satisfying like the previous seasons. What's worse is that many characters (Max, Lonnie, Joan/Clint) are not mentioned at all from when they're last seen as if the writers forgot about them. Clem's main subplot of the game isn't resolved either.TT has done multiple AMA's which revealed that ANF had a ton of cut content and overall was unfinished. In short, this game was rushed.So many lies from TT:""42 different Clementines"" is a lie since you're S2 choices will change like 1 or 2 dialogue options. ""Biggest TWD game yet"" despite being so much shorter than S1. One of the trailers misleads players into thinking they can avoid the fight withDavidin EP5.--------------------Overall, this season was rushed and poorly-paced. I'll probably skip the next game as this season made me stop caring about the series as a whole. If you really want to experience this game, just watch a playthrough online and save your money/frustration."
76561197967072470,Not Recommended,536220,32118122,Posted: 1 June,all,asidtest,season 1  =  14.7 hoursseason 2  = 12.5 hoursseason 3  = 7 hoursstarts off ok.but then it starts to lose it. around ep3.weak story and the brothers fighing really grinds.at 7 hours its half the game it should be.kinda feel ripped off paying full price.loved season 1 & 2. really really disapointed with 3 :(hope they get it back on track for season 4.
,Not Recommended,536220,28774913,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Exvie,"Would be good if it either didn't include Clem or you played as her. Having a personal character turned into a generic Jane 2.0 is so frustrating. The fact that you also have to make decisions to decide the fate of Clementine is so stupid, because nobody who played TWD1/2 is going to go against Clementine over some random character you've known for 10 minutes."
,Recommended,536220,28491561,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Agent 49,"For a second I thought playing as Javi would be a let down.""I've never been so wrong in my whole life!"""
76561198055597146,Not Recommended,536220,31806640,Posted: 17 May,all,Sarcasmouse,"I was really looking forward to this game. Sadly, Telltale seems to have lost the ability to tell great stories. I dont want to say that New Frontier is completely bad, but the choices matter even less and the story is pretty predictable compared to previous Telltale games. Also, the characters often act uncomprehensible or get killed of out of the blue because that way its easier to drive the story into a certain direction. Another big minus is the very short playtime. Ive played 4 of the 5 Episodes so far and got 5 hours of playtime. Just a little comparison: For season 1 I needed ~17 hours for one playthrough.You also dont get as attached to characters as most of them remain rather simple and as a result of the short playtime, dont get very much development. Telltale does also (as usual) not follow through on choices you made in season 1 and 2, which wasnt really surprising but disappointing somehow nonetheless.Now for the good stuff, which is sadly not that much...Its great seeing Clementine again, the new engine makes everything look a little better (Especially animations), though Id hoped for a little bigger difference. The new main character is also very likable and quickly grows on you. The sound is good too I guess.Overall I can really not recommend the game except if youre a hardcore fan, or just have to know how Clementines story goes on. I really hope Telltale listens to the feedback of the fans and gives us an unforgettable 4th season. As a Telltale fan, I will certainly be much more careful and will first listen to some feedback before I buy another of their games."
,Not Recommended,536220,29047172,Posted: 5 January,all,Raider,"KEEP IN MIND THAT THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR EPISODES 1 AND 2.I don't know man. I want to recommend this, I really do, but I just can't. Not with comparison to Season 1 and 2. I'll try to keep spoilers out of it, but if there are any, there'll be a big warning and they'll be blacked out.TLDR at the bottom.Pros:+ Javier is actually a really good character. Dunno if he's ""main character"" worthy but he's great nontheless.+ Everyone exceptTrippare actually very decent characters.+ Action is a lot better now. Still QTE, but it's much more engaging.Yup, that's it.Cons- Clementine isn't Clementine. I understand it's been 4 years and that hardens a person, but she really isn't the same character we saw in Season 1 and 2. In Season 2 I could see a bit of Lee in her, now it's just nothing.Could be because she was New Frontier, but I don't know.- The game just kills people off for the hell of it. Yeah, Season 2 liked to do that too, but it never felt like a character was killed off for the shock factor. Their death had a purpose, whether it was to show something to the audience, or to make the situation more dire. Think of Reggie's death in Season 2. Remember how sad you felt? That's right, you didn't. You probably don't even remember who he is. Welcome to Season 3's deaths. Except this time, it's gonna happen to your favorite characters.I'm talking about Kenny, Conrad and Mariana.- Okay, WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS FLASHBACK ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T? THIS is how you're going to continue Season 2's story? Through a ♥♥♥♥ing 5 minute flashback?! Minor Season 3 spoiler regarding the outcome of Season 2. Yes, it's MINOR.You seriously kill off ♥♥♥♥ing KENNY like that? Not gonna give him a heroic death, our favorite character?- No more tough decisions. Remember Season 1's major decisions? I don't know about you guys, but it was pretty damn tough picking a choice, in every single episode, when it came to those. Season 2 dropped the ball a bit, but it still had some very difficult decisions, even in episode 1 and 2. Season 3? I don't remember ever saying ""Well yeah, no♥♥♥♥♥♥"" in a Walking Dead game before, when it came to major decisions.- Length. Every episode is an hour now, as opposed to Season 2's hour and a half, and Season 1's 2+ hours per episode. To make this better, Telltale gave us 2 episodes this time around, but really? Seriously? This whole game would be 2.5 episodes in Season 1.- It just doesn't feel like The Walking Dead anymore. I know it's too early to say this, but Season 1 and 2 were about Clementine and her journey through this ♥♥♥♥ed up world. Now, she's just a generic ""totally badazz bro!!!!"" sidekick, and if it was anyone else, I wouldn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about her.TLDR: The game is... below expectations. Characters are killed off in the stupidest ways for the shock factor, Clementine is completely unrelateable, even and especially after 2 games with her, and the whole game just doesn't feel like The Walking Dead. I'd say hold off until episode 3.The only way Clementine will be fixed, is if this game never existed. Telltale can't fix this.EDIT:I have refunded the game since I wrote this review, so keep in mind it's only for episode 1 and 2. However, I have heard that the game hasn't changed for the better, and it's as bad throughout. Do what you want with that information."
76561198029274972,Not Recommended,536220,30288017,Posted: 2 March,all,the_cursed_fridge,"There's not much I can add that isn't echoed in other reviews, but just to add to the voices:The game does not add anything to the series that wasn't present before - features that were previously available have been cut and/or streamlined. Shorter episodes, lack of character development and a so far lacklustre plot make it nothing more than a dissapointment.Add on the smaller things like misleading dialogue options, recycled music tracks from Seasons 1 & 2 and a Clementine that (depending on your playthrough) completely betrays her characterisation all adds for a frustrating time.There are only two episodes at the time of writing this review. There's time for a recovery, in which case I'd happily take this all back. But I wouldn't put much stock in it.If you're really hesitant about buying this game and continuing the story of Season 1 & 2, save the money and watch your preferred Let's Player go through it."
76561197989503476,Not Recommended,536220,31631733,Posted: 8 May,all,Sinful_Addiction,"Paid full price for half the content and a quarter of the quality of the previous two games, enough said."
,Not Recommended,536220,34593156,Posted: 29 August,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"This game should have been a spin off, honestly. I understand that the writers were probably trying to introduce to us new characters, but… At least in my opinion, that didn’t worked so well. I’ve played the two seasons more than once since the games were so good and I often found myself missing Lee and Clementine. But I haven’t felt the same way aboutA New Frontier.I love story-driven games and I really don’t mind linear stories sometimes (if they are entertaining). But saying that “the story is tailored by how you play” in this game is a f*cking lie. Like other people said there’s this illusion of choice; most of your choices basically don’t have any impact in the story itself. It doesn’t matter what you do or say, the end might change a bit only during “crucial” choices (like choosing to kill someone or let them live) but you’re still going to get the same scenes and dialogues. It just doesn’t matter. I swear that if the game was being advertised as a kinetic novel (with no choices, you’re basically “watching a movie” or “reading a book”) I wouldn’t be bothered about that. But they say that your choices matter when they DON’T, and to people that enjoyed the first and second season of The Walking Dead that must be very frustrating. It was so, SO annoying trying to run away from a certain situation and then you realize that it doesn’t matter what you do, you’ll have to see the same cutscene even if you picked a different answer. If it’s the same, don’t add a damn “choose your answer”, just show the cutscene already.I actually found interesting that you get to play as Javier, a new character. I liked his relationship with David, his brother, at first. It was very cliché but still a bit entertaining.Then there’s Kate. I’m very sorry but I really hate her. She’s not interesting at all, and the writers basically force Javier to have something, even if it’s a tiny little “thing”, with her. I tried to avoid the woman like the plague and still the story was trying to imply that Javier had feelings for her. Alrighty then.All the other characters,all of them, weren’t interesting at all. Maybe Avauntil she had the DUMBEST DEATH EVERwas the least worst. I really wish she had more time to be better developed. The rest of them… Are just easily forgettable characters. Clementine had her moments but her presence wasn’t enough to save the story. It all felt like some sort of fan fiction. Maybe the episodes could’ve been longer in order to make the player to actually care about what’s happening. It felt really rushed.4/10. I only recommend this game on a very good sale and if you don’t mind much about the story and just want to see Clementine again."
,Recommended,536220,28492220,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Davidusk,"I just finished the first episode and I have to admit, the third season of TWD went beyond my expectations.Since I saw the announcement trailer, I thought it's gonna be a let down since you play with Javier, a new character, bringing a new story and wiping the game's main tale. Probably the quote ""don't judge a book by its cover"" fits the best in this case because the game feels really good. The story is tense, Clementine is back and you will stick in the front of your PC for hours.What else do you need?"
76561198205727139,Not Recommended,536220,32075220,Posted: 30 May,all,CarloIsBoreds,"The ending for this game was really bad compared to season 1 and 2. Season 1 had to say goodbye to Lee, and Season 2 had a difficult choice. ANF was just, eh. The ending didn't leave me wanting more for Javi and his family. What I really want to know is what happens to Clem, not some family always arguing."
,Not Recommended,536220,32748917,Posted: 24 June,all,Slippery When Wet,I spent all of seasons 1 and 2 keeping Kenny alive only for him to die in a 10 minute flashbackok
76561197994655360,Not Recommended,536220,31538991,Posted: 4 May,all,Endymion,"Sorry Telltale, I think this is it. Clementine is great, Cameo of Jesus and the minimlistic tie in to the comics is great, the shocker at the end of Episode 1 is great. But besides that and talking with Clementine about menstruation, nothing else stands out.Only if you like the Telltale Games and their ""You have choices, but not really"" game mechanic with minimal gameplay elements. Or if you are a hardcore QTE Fan.It started promising but very soon the majority of characters become so annoying to me, I tried to kill them off and antogonize them.  Forced Romance vibes untill Episode 4. Unreasonable choices. Flickering and bad textures.No exploration. There is 1 object in each of the ""free moving"" sections that progresses the story, the rest is just to hear Javi say some dumb stuff.To say it with the words of the War Doctor: No more!"
76561198024951525,Recommended,536220,28548935,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,greg465,There should be a *USE CROWBAR* option above Gabe's head at all times.10/10
76561198015949797,Not Recommended,536220,31781952,Posted: 15 May,all,Winterbear,"Post-Script -After finishing the 5th episode, I appreciate the strength of the story on it's own merits more than before.  They have really followed through on the promise to create unique experiences based on your choices like never before.  I almost wish they'd left Clementine out altogether so that I wouldn't have felt so disappointed.==================================================================This third season is a perfect example of Be careful what you wish for.  At the end of season one I was frantic to continue the story and was thrilled to have season two, even though it didn't have the same impact.  The end of season two wrapped up things with what felt like meaningful choice and I was content to let it stand.  The announcement of New Frontier was exciting, but now the reality is so far removed from what mattered to me in the first two seasons that I'm left feeling disappointed.Updates to the game engine only highlight the lack of visual polish and corner cutting.  The writing and story quality are decent, but in my opinion are uninspired and show the price of Telltale's many concurrent projects.  There are little story gems i've enjoyed, but on the whole it's left me unmoved.I feel bad not recommending this game, but I look at it like this: If you loved the first game (or the first two), then what mattered to you is sidelined in this season. If you are new to the franchise, play season one to find out what all the fuss is about. If you love the TV show and enjoy a steady diet of misery... well, then go for it. This season takes the personal  tragedy of the apocalypse and expands the scale and scope to communities of nameless survivors perishing in service to drama."
,Not Recommended,536220,32215893,Posted: 6 June,all,DJ Windows 98,"After The Walking Dead hit the scene in 2012, blowing everyone out of the water with its choice based approach to adventure games, the writers who made Season One up and left Telltale Games. Of the post-Walking Dead Telltale games, I'd only recommend three, The Wolf Among Us, Tales From The Borderlands, and The Walking Dead Season 2. The Wolf Among Us is somewhat flawed but manages to have a solid hook and a mystery to wrap our heads around, not to mention tight creative control from creator Bill Willingham, as the game is an offical prequel to Fables. Tales From The Borderlands benefitted very strongly from taking writers from the series, making them work with Telltale's staff, and then basically having them say ""We got it from here, we'll call you for branching but we'll do our own thing."" Walking Dead Season 2 is a bit more divisive, I'm not a fan of its depiction of autistic people or the introduction of some of Telltale's first truly meaningless choices. That said, Season 2 had merit, and seemed to have had some kind of effort, no matter how misinformed, put into it, with a great overlying presence of stockholm syndrome as the game tries getting you to come to terms with how damaged Kenny truly was. This season, right here, is a load of cookie cutter, by the book drivel complete with corny dialogue straight out of the ""don'ts"" section in a textbook from film school, choices so meaningless and lacking in impact that I began to wonder what outside the ending I actually affected, and an ending that could best be described as ""here's a teaser for a much better season, starring the only good character that was in this one."" The thing is, the game isn't even bad, just mediocre. It's hard to even get worked up about much other than the fact that we could've had this Season never happen and not a damn thing would change about Season 4. I'm done with purchasing Telltale games before they're finished. I used to have enough faith in their deliverance of a product that I would enjoy that I figured I'd take the risk. They proved me wrong. Avoid this mediocre drek and play the first two Seasons, Wolf Among Us, or Tales From The Borderlands instead."
,Not Recommended,536220,28618744,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,monkey,"UPDATE (Ep3 release) - still bad, almost no issues have been addressed.As expected, almost none of the issues were addressed in Episode 3. It took them 4 bloody months to release this episode and it's still a bad episode (but better than Ep1 and 2 - but that doesn't say much since Episode 1 and 2 were so bad that anything could top it) and short as ♥♥♥♥. Literally the only thing they listened to was that there's at least some more character development this episode but still no hubs and a determinant character wasn't killed at the start of the Episode and was handled pretty damn well - but that's it. That's all they improved on. Episode 3 was♥♥♥♥♥♥and it does not save the season from the♥♥♥♥♥♥state it's in. This season shouldn't even exist. It's not the official S3. For reasons why it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ read below.Not worth it. A lot worse than S1 and S2, nothing matters anymore.This game was a disappointment to most Season 1 and Season 2 players including myself. Hopefully the next few episodes fix some problems (knowing Telltale, they won't be ♥♥♥♥ing fixed), including:- Longer episodes (Episode 1 has been split into two, each being one hour long - far too short for a game like this. Season 1 had episodes which were 2 hours long, and some even longer - like Season 1 Episode 4.)- Due to the shorter episodes, some choices are too easy and some deaths just don't affect you because there is not enough character development and the game just pushes you forwards without any chance to talk to characters like in Season 1.- No hubs to talk to characters and get to know them.- We played as Clementine in Season 2 and shaped our Clementine, and now Clementine is a supporting character again plus her personality doesn't change at all depending on your choices last season.- I can't seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about Javier and his priorities compared to mine. For example,there's a choice where you go with your family and help them, or you stay with Clementine to fight off bandits. I immediately chose Clementine (and so did 90% of people) for almost every choice where there was a ""Clementine vs (another character)"" situation. I don't understand how Telltale thought this was fine - the choices are way too easy because we know more about Clem than Javier does in this game. This ruins the game.- Either include Clem and let us play as her, or don't include Clem at all if we're going to play as a different character.-Jane and Kenny's deaths are just out of character and make Season 1 and 2 pointless.- This review would be too long if I talked about all issues but the main issues are up there.I really hope Ep3, 4 and 5 are longer (at least 1h45mins) and the game fixes these problems but they most likely won't be fixed at all knowing Telltale.The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and Clem is just a side character shoe-horned in when she was pretty much the main character for the previous two seasons. This isn't Clem's story, this is Javier's story - so this shouldn't even have Clem in it if Telltale wants to tell Javier's story so badly because she's just shoe-horned in and a side character. All the false advertising pre-release doesn't help either. Her being in every ♥♥♥♥ing advertisement also doesn't help.So far, I'm not too impressed and this is not a continuation of Clem's story, the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥and is so much worse than S1 and S2."
,Not Recommended,536220,29047829,Posted: 5 January,all,baku,"Did you enjoy the thrilling storyline of season 1? Did you also enjoy the deep, well-written characters that developed alongside you, challenged your way of thinking, captured your heart and built bonds with you that were later tested? Did you enjoy the puzzle solving and interaction and the sense that you made an impact in this world?Well if you did, do not ♥♥♥♥ing buy ANF.ANF is an absolute joke. The characters are weak, terribly written, transparent and two dimensional. The relationships are forced upon you. You no longer get to decide how you feel about someone. If the writers want you to be in a relationship with someone, you have no choice. Even if you go against it at every single turn, the outcome will always be the same. The writers have a storyline in mind and they will ram it down your throat. Reading 'the story changes depending on the choices you make' at the start of each terrible episode is down-right insulting.None of the episodes have a single element of puzzle-solving. There is next to NO interaction, no walking around, no nothing. Each episode is a movie where you occasionally get to pick a dialog option. Oh, but don't worry. They'll make you sit through a thirty minute cutscene and then punish you by giving you a quick time event that you have 0.1 seconds to react to. Yeah, because I totally have my hands on the keyboard after thirty minutes of having to watch what feels like a god damn movie.Do not buy this game. Do NOT give telltale your money. Season 1 felt like absolute pure gold. Season 2 was okay, not as good as season 1 but enjoyable.Season 3 is like being spat in the face and being charged twenty pounds for it.I am disgusted to even think that season 1 is related to this mess of a game.Do not buy this."
,Not Recommended,536220,28955691,Posted: 2 January,all,HaZaRD.xy0,"Pros:-An even cuter/badass Clementine <3-Javi is a pretty cool character, even tho id prefer to play clem/kenny/jane-Variety of endings-Interesting characters for example: David, Tripp, Conrad.....Cons:--Characters from S1,2 die in the most dishonoring way possible.--Episode 1 + 2 took me 2,4h. Thats less than 1 episode from Season 1.--You play a new character.... Why not Clem? Or Kenny/Jane?!--Rushed Story (things that just dont make sense)At the junkyard ""New Frontier"" wants to kill you (not 100% sure thats the case but its something in that way) because of pudding? You escape and go back to save your family. They kill your niece and you fight back and once again get away with your life. Then they want you dead and they destroy Prescott in the progress. Then you walk up to their door and say ""hey we need help. You owe us!"" AND THEY LET YOU IN?! (atleast he was about to, then david comes outside) Is it just me or does that make no sense whatsoever?--When you start a new story, you have to decide in which way Lee ""raised"" clem (make her honest, focus on family... etc)But why? Is Telltale trying to make us feel like our decisions would matter?Anyways. The game is fun and i would recommend it if you played the 2 previous seasons. The story isnt that great compared to S1 and S2.(sorry for misspelling and/or bad english)I would rate it 7/10."
,Recommended,536220,28653954,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Classified,"It's good so far and Javier is more interesting than I thought, BUT this game should NOT have been the follow up to Season 2 of TwD.. The fans deserved a full fledged game continuing season 2 with branching story paths, It may sound hard to do etc, but it is not so hard for a super successful company like telltale to do that. Many studios with far less budget have produced games with vastly different storylines depending on choices, and Telltale which markets itself on choices have not even tried.Spoiler ridden rant in dark here below.There is absolutely no closure to Wellington or anything from the past season, except for the unworthy ending to Kenny (he ends up dying in a car crash... Kenny, dying in a car crash....) I cant think of a more insulting end to the greatest character of the series.And in this season Clem is completely shoved aside which is SUCH A BAD CHOICE from the devs, i want to scream it. They wanted to make Javiers story i get it, but he should have had his own game. Now every past player is conflicted between liking Clem or Javi's Family and its just weird.. Even though the choices have zero effect on the outcome (i tested).So what we get as a finished product is two stories that could have been great as 2 separate stories that have now been chucked in a bowl and mixxed, leaving no room for interesting sidestories or character development just a barebones straightforward story.So after all im going to recommend this, as its not a bad game or a bad story. Just a very depressing mix of 2 stories that could have shined on their own but are now forced together. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,32086442,Posted: 31 May,all,-有聊槍神-(A Freaking Guy),"I had played the first 2 seasons+DLC. Stories were intense AF, and thoughtful, and also giving people a feeling of struggle.However, the season 3, which is this game, is kinda ""unequal"" to its pervious seasons.First, game time is REALLY SHORT. I LOVE how I used to spend around 3 hours at night for just ONE episode back in the first two seaons. Now, it only takes ONE hour to finish an episode. IT IS DISAPPOINTING FOR DAMN SURE. Not just because we get less time to play, but also it means that the story cannot be well explained/expanded.Second, some parts of the game are just not good enough. For example, I saw a same NPC model mutiple times. This is so werid. There is a kinda important character in the game but its model is also used for other background NPCs. That just makes players feel confusing and strange. I also found an obivous error in ep5. A character who was dead showed up again in a scene. I get it, dev is short on budget but please, wheres the quality from pervious 2 seasons?Third, some parts of story just aren't right. For example, there are two characters and one of them will die depending on player's decision in ep4. BUT, another one who was alive will die IN A CHEAP AND EASY WAY in ep5. I mean, the only reason why I SAVE ONE OF THEM, IS BECAUSE I WANT TO SEE WHAT COMES NEXT TO THAT CHARACTER. But, why the fxxk you kill him for no goddamn reason? It just doesn't make sense at all. I get it that this is zombie survival theme game but YOU AIN'T TALK ABOUT THIS WHEN YOU ALREADY MAKE THE GAME A STORY-TELLING DRAMA, FFS! Also, the conflect between the son and father in this game (I cant tell the names since it is spoiler) is werid. See, son hates his father because what his father is. HOWEVER, this little♥♥♥♥♥♥decides to leave with his father in another intense situation when his father is running away from his responsiability. I mean dude, how the fxxk you change your mind just now? It just doesnt make sense.According to the ending of season 3, I believe there is another season. So DEV, IF YOU ARE READING THIS, PLEASE DO THE FOLLOWINGS IN ORDER TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT AGAIN!1. Game time. Every episode should be longer than 2 hours2. Story should be more well planned. Think the plot through, dont rush.3. More creative for game characters will be pleasent.I love the whole series, but season 3 is just not good enough.Edit: wow, didnt expect get this much likes"
,Not Recommended,536220,30341592,Posted: 5 March,all,100% GERMAN POWER,"TLDR; they took everything that made the franchise good and♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. They baited fans into buying the game by slapping Clementine on the cover image. They tried to make it similar to a trashy mini-series they made called ""Walking Dead Michonne"". Like why?? It's so bad!YOU ARE NOT PLAYING AS CLEMETINE. MAKE NO MISTAKE.If you are a die hard Walking Dead fan, you will not like this game at all. For one thing, the framerate is so abysmally bad that even with a 980ti graphics card, I had to put the settings to medium.Edit: Some users have said in the comments that they have received stable framerate. For some reason I received bad FPS drops at certain points, not sure why.Next, pretty much zero character development happens in the first two episodes. You can tell that they are trying to develop the main characters in episode 3. But unlike how they did it in TWD: Season 1, you don't get to see their personalities fleshed out in the way they act or their passions and quirks. For example, take ""Doug"" from TWD: S1. Almost immediately after you know him in Episode 1, he was fleshed out to be a dorky character who utilised his wits and technical knowledge to survive and help others. If you're looking for that sort of experience with the characters, you will be a little disappointed as a lot of characters are either killed off or just sort of fade off before they reach their true potential.- - -An update after EP 5:While there aresomecharacters that are well fleshed out (take Tripp for instance), still at least half of the characters are the most generic and blandest characters I've ever seen. A personal example for me is Ava, for me she was one of the most generic characters ever.- - -And finally, in a crappy 2 minute hastily put together flashback, they killed off one of the most fleshed out characters in the game without rhyme or reason. It was the dumbest, and most unnecessary death I have ever seen. Whatever sadness I felt was overshadowed my the sheer incredulity and just plain ""WTF is this bullcrap?"" feeling. It took my final decision in Season 2 and♥♥♥♥♥♥on it.As someone who played all four Walking Dead games (TWD: S1, S2, Michonne, New Frontier), I can tell they are trying to bring over several mechanics from Michonne to New Frontier. But what I don't get is the reason why. Michonne was a bland experience and stripped of all character development. This game is what one will get if someone tried too hard to continue beating a franchise but ultimately f**king it up.- - -An update after EP 5:When it comes to the ending choice of Episode 5, depending on your final choice, plus the choices you've made so far, it will either make you sob your heart out, or make you sob your heart out AND curl up in a fetal position. I would say they did a good job in creating the emotional impact on the final choice. However, unlike TWD: S1, this is avoidable.- - -Sadly, even after playing all 5 episodes, I still can't recommend it. The ending for Episode 5almostmade me change this review to a positive one. But remembering the first 4 episodes, I did not. If you have played TWD: S1 and S2, you would see the stark differences and drop in quality, be it in character development storytelling. However, if you haven't played the other games yet, I feel you can start with this game, and then proceed to play TWD: S1, then followed by S2. This will cause you to be pleasantly surprised by S1 and S2."
,Not Recommended,536220,31054302,Posted: 9 April,all,YOUNG GOD,Played Last 2 Walking Dead Games both were amazing but this Season is just a sorry excuse for a Walking Dead GamePros:JesusClementinePretty much itCons:1 Hour Episodes ( 3 years to release and 3 month wait for episode 3 and still short gameplay ) Devs also said this Season would have the longest gameplay which it doesn't(Spoiler)Death Given to Kenny ( 30 Second flashback )Removal of the Rewind FeatureNo Character DevelopmentRushed Gameplay
,Not Recommended,536220,28742548,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sandsh8rk,"Honestly never thought I'd have to give a negative review of The Walking Dead.The level of interaction and puzzle-solving required for this game is so minimal, it may as well be a movie. A very expensieve movie. The two episodes were disappointingly short, and nothing has really been done so far to attach us to the new cast of characters. Everything just feels so cliche, nothing feels new or interesting. The graphics are better than previous installments, but that means jack sh!t compared to everything else.The fact that any decisions made in season 2 were reflected by a single flashback, where the character you stayed with is killed in a cheap way, was very disappointing to watch. It's basically made S2's decisions at the end pointless.Here's hoping Telltale listens to us and makes the next episodes more gripping, interactive and intense than the first 2 episodes.TL;DR - New to The Walking Dead? Start with Season 1.Finished S1 and S2? Hold off buying this until its on sale or more episodes come out.I really hope telltale can prove me wrong..."
,Not Recommended,536220,29076617,Posted: 6 January,all,dilahk,"Melissa Hutchison (Voice of Clem) just did an interview since the release of A New Frontier. She basically confirms all of the players concerns for this season. She talks about how Clementine is not played enough, the flashbacks weren't the best, how the episodes were so short, and how Telltale basically does not have their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. She confirms that Telltale rewrote so much stuff and they don't know what to do with this season. Telltale basically cut out so much of Clementine since Melissa said she recorded a lot for Clem and the flashbacks but it was never in the final product. They have barely started recording episode 3 and she said Episode 3 might come out in March or APRIL. Telltale really was not prepared at all for this season and the writing is completely all over the place. She even said they will probably rewrite and/or cut the story again for Episode 3 because they don't know what to do. I hope Telltale works hard for episode 3 especially after what the fans and Melissa said so far. It disappoints me to know that Telltale didn't work as hard on this season considering that had 2 years prior to figure out what they wanted to do. As much as I hate waiting until April for the next Episode, I will wait only this time just because I love this game and want Telltale to do good. I just hope this doesn't happen for the next 2 episodes.If you want to listen to the interview here it is:http://fanfest.com/2017/01/03/walking-dead-cast-247-the-walking-dead-a-new-frontier-melissa-hutchison/"
76561198083967977,Not Recommended,536220,31480645,Posted: 1 May,all,TywinLannister64,"Okay, to begin with, I'm not one of those idiots who thinks the game is bad because you can't play as Clem, I think Javier is a cool character (the only likable character in this whole forsaken game) but... After finishing Episode 4 I gotta say, The writing sucks. the dialogue is terrible, it feels like a badly written fanfiction, what happened to the amazing writing team that gave us the first two games ???My interest for the Walking Dead is officially dead (no pun intended)after the show as gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥after season 3 now the games too?Characters in this game don't make any sense, one scene they're likable and make sense, and out of nowhere they act like F'''ing R''ta'rds and are completely unlikable in the next scene.Clem as become a really generic and boring character, every other character is insufferable (Trip was cool in the first 2 episodes and then he became a completely different character in episode 3 and 4)There are so many cheesy moments that in the middle of episode 4 I just wanted to turn off the ♥♥♥♥ing game.Your choices don't matter, which I never understood why in a telltale game (the graphics basic, there's no real gameplay) why can't they make a multiple story branch game. Spoiler: why do they have to kill every character from the previous seasons (very stupidly may I add) Because they're too lazy to write them in, they decided to do an ending with multipath for season 2 and they immediately regretted it.why does a game like Mass effect or the witcher that have complete gameplay and good graphics make your choices matter more than a telltale game which the only gameplay is making choices.They're not a small company anymore, they should focus on one big game instead of trying to release 14 games every year.And I'm not just being nostalgic here... I replayed the first two games before I started to play New frontier, There are so many good, emotional well written moments in the first 2 games, (especially season 1) what happened !!!?The main villain is completely boring and poorly written, she doesn't look threatening or believable at all.Anyway, I'm really curious. what do you guys think about the writing, I'm genuinely curious and interested in having a discussion, tell me if you think I'm wrong"
,Not Recommended,536220,28503362,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,s0ulman,"Hey, we heard you have an emotional bond with these characters from season 2? Let uskill them off in a cheap and badly written 2 minute flashbackso we can shoehorn the main character into being this season's sidekick.EPISODE 3 UPDATE:Well, the new episode is not quite as bad as the first two, I have to admit. Telltale learned from some of their mistakes: the choices you get to make in this episode don't concern trusting Clementine (because in those an overwhelming majority favored Clem), the character development is a little more fleshed out, and nobody importantdies in a flashback... oh wait, that one is just becausethere's NO ONE LEFT! I also have to admit that David turned out to be a more complex character than I initially thought. He's actually interesting to watch.However, it's not all rainbows and butterflies. Telltale had 3 months to make this episode, and I'm fairly sure they didn't actually start working on it the second after they released the first two, so probably more. It's a lot of time for such a short episode (it's a little under 2 hours). But the episode still came out flawed in a lot of ways:Animations are pretty bad: you may laugh at Mass Effect: Andromeda, but facial animators at Telltale seem to think that people move their lips when they're humming.Most of the supporting characters are still cardboard cutouts. Like Tripp is a meaningless, bland walking facepalm factory. Seriously, it's been several years since the apocalypse, nobody who thinks picking fights with armed angry people while unarmed and outnumbered is a good idea should have made it this far.Story has improved, but the actual writing is still unimpressive. Characters repeat themselves, break into monologues and simply speak like actors in a bad play. Dialogues have no flow, they just feel like bits of text glued together.Because the episode is so short, some characters get pretty much no screen time. Eleanore appears for like three minutes total, Gabe gets only a few lines (most of which is him failing to understand what's going on). There's a new character introduced in this episode (Ava), and everything we know about her so far is that she's really into frowning.To sum it up, the ship is not on fire anymore, but it's still sinking.EPISODES 4 & 5 UPDATE:You can really see that some work went into the finale, with the branching endings depending on both your choices as Javier and Clementine in the flashbacks. I liked the endings (especially the one I got whereboth my a-hole brother and his dumb kid got killed off and I got the chick).There are a few scenes in the last two episodes that are actually good. Like the one where you take on a large group of zombies on your way toDavid's crashed car. Then again, there is the fight scene in episode 4after the failed executionthat's just confusing and utterly unrealistic.Character development started getting better, but then fell right back to the tired archetypes. David is a typical short-fused self-serving jerk. Gabe is a typical angsty teenager. Joan is a typical backstabbing evil leader. There is no depth in any of them. And since the last 2 episodes are mostly action (-ish), we don't get to see any more than that.In episode 4 we get another flashback to Clementine's time with Kenny or Jane. Well guess what Telltale, TOO LATE!You've already killed them off, and no amount of flashbacks is going to change that!It feels like there is less and less actual gameplay in each episode. In the beginning of episode 5 there's a flashback where Javi's and David's father asks you to fetch his wallet from the counter. This is an ""interactive"" moment. You get to point your mouse at the wallet and click it. There is literally NOTHING ELSE you can do in that scene. Why even bother asking me to do that?Some decisions about who gets to live and who doesn't don't make much sense. At the end of episode 4 you get to choosebetween having Tripp or Ava killed.Regardless of your choice, the one who didn't die gets killed in the final episode in a random walker accident.The change in your relationship with these characters after episode 4 barely gets any mention. However, there'sConrad - a guy who more than 85% of players killed back in episode 2. And he is dragged through all of the remaining episodes if you decided to let him live, with a possibility to die almost every one of them.This character means pretty much nothing to the plot.In fact, he is more meaningful dead than he is alive.There are also small bugs (at least once I've seen a person walking around in a cutscene who was already dead by then), occasionally unconvincing voice acting, awkwardly mashed together scenes, etc. Basically, first season, and to a lesser extent - second season, felt like stories that were crafted with love. I cared about the characters, I wanted them to be ok, I wanted a happy ending. In season 3 I just wanted an ending, preferably sooner rather than later. It felt rushed and soulless. At this point I am not going to wait for season 4."
76561198038169657,Not Recommended,536220,32066267,Posted: 30 May,all,indelko,like 1.2 hours per episode. kinda not worth it with the bad writing tbh
,Not Recommended,536220,28522472,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Caetano,"Big fan of the franchise here, game isn't all bad but some things have got to be said:1) Not enough ClementineSerie's main character is non-playable and is not on screen enough. I expected much more than just a few flashbacks. I get that it's supposed to change characters every game (for some reason), but to make the new one completelly new and unaffected by previous story was not a good idea.2) Unable to rewind to partsOnly available to rewind to the begining of the episode. Want to change one little thing that happened at the end of an episode? Go all the way back. Much less freedom than past games. This is really, really annoying.3) Episodes feel too shortI did not count how long they took, but it felt like ""is it already over? What the hell!?""4) On release game is laggy and clearly unfinishedI love you, Telltale, but I wish you gave it some better attention or didn't rush to releaseit. Because you've been releasing too many games at the same time graphics are unfinished, some characters have no facial expressions and there are a lot of continuation errors.Qualityalways over quantity.5)Besides all that, it is not all bad. Just doesn't feels like the good old Telltale's TWD to me.You may disagree. Any way I would buy it all over again just for the love of the series and because I believe it can be great again. But that doesn't make it as good as it should be. You know what I'm saying?Hope you read me Telltale."
,Recommended,536220,32136183,Posted: 2 June,all,Tonguc,"I don't understand the negative reviews. I enjoyed this season 3 just as much as I enjoyed the first season and more than the second.So focused on the story, which has lots of exciting plot twists. And very well executed with all the environments, characters and of course muertos which make fun jump scares ^^I never was in a situation that there were no dialogue option for me that would fit my own personality. Never saw a character act more or less overreacted than they should have done. The flashbacks are a nice touch and help make strong connection with the story. Nothing happening without reason or just to extend the gameplay time.The tension is going high and low so you never get bored or feel too tense.The music and sound are top notch as all the previous titles. And didn't have the cloud save issue that I had in Michonne.As a result; as a fan of the series, I am not disappointed with this game."
,Not Recommended,536220,31607968,Posted: 7 May,all,Soldier Of Fondue,"Worst part of the series by far. I love the first two parts.PRO:- better graphics- The overall theme of the story is still good, and the whole new frontier as a tight organization is presented in a believable kind of way.CON:- I have lost my connection to the main characters.. Stupid dialogs about relationships and stuff nobody cares about, a dumb teenage scumbag that even dares to come anywhere close to clem, and seeing clem being just a part of a stupid relationship soap type of story. Even though clem has some strong appearances and basically displays a lot of strenght and style, the metrosexual dumb main character which I really tried to like constantly displays weakness and dumbness in its purest form.. Also the mood  swings of all of the displayed main characters make the story unbelievable. Like, really unbelievable. People are angry because of really irrelevant, stupid stuff. Teenagers that would grow up within weeks in this kind of environment cry like this is their birthday party and they didn't receive the presents they wanted.- The animations look worse because of some terrible transitions between single animations.. Which is sad, because a lot of the animations themselves are actually quite fine.- Gameplay especially wrt fighting has been too simplified.. You might have to press E or Q or whatever key sometimes, but it is just like a cutscene where you have to press ""space"" to get to the next step. A no brainer.We have seen better!"
,Not Recommended,536220,29489691,Posted: 25 January,all,The Politician,"+ Looks decent, runs great.+ Didn't think much of Javier at first, but really started to like him after the first episode.+ Feels like you're more in control of the action scenes than you were before.- Choices from previous seasons don't matter at all.- The way theykilled Kenny and Janeis just stupid and disrespecful to the fans that have played these games since the beginning.- Lots of ""cheap"" deaths overall.- Episodes are 1-1.5hrs long. I messed around a lot and completed the first two in ~2.8hrs. That's the average length of an episode from the first season.- The time between new episodes is way too long, just like it was with Season 2.- A lot less exploration and puzzles than before.Not worth the price tag. Wait until all the episodes are out and get it when it's half the price.EDIT 12.03.2017Now the release date of episode 3 has been announced - March 28, 2017. That's basically 3 and a half months since the release of episode 1 and 2. Pathetic.EDIT 31.03.2017Episode 3 was my favorite so far, even though it was as short as the previous ones and took 4 months to be released. Hopefully the upcoming episodes are even better and make this game worth buying.EDIT 03.06.2017Episodes 4 and 5 were pretty good. The ending on the other hand was too sudden and not well thought out.Overall Season 3 was the worst season. I think that the franchise should've ended after the first game, which was perfect. If you're a TWD fan, you should still get this, but definitely wait for a sale."
76561198022092063,Not Recommended,536220,32069233,Posted: 30 May,all,Wish,Javi is a great character and the story is well done. But i cannot give them a thumbs up because of that horrible ending. Awesome to a confirmed season 4. But absolutely nothing was wrapped up in the final epsiode. Buy it when it is on sale.
,Not Recommended,536220,28546620,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Fluga,"!DEADLY SPOILERS YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!The outcome of way too many conversations is already scripted no matter what your ""CHOICE"" is, for exampleif you stay quiet while taken hostage in the armored truck. The driver will get annoyed that you ""TALK"" too much even when choosing the quiet dialouge.TellTale don't even try to make your choices an illusion anymore. The voice acting is complete garbage. The dialouge is forced and unoriginal, and they are trying so hard trying to shock the player, for examplethe death of Mariana, i would be okay if they let you chose who you could save between Kate, Gabe & Mariana. Kate's reaction to Mariana getting shot in the head is to run out in the open and also getting shot.When they kill the characters you actually getting invested inbefore the episode even endedit leaves you with empty forgetable characters with no interest in keeping alive wich makes the whole experience uninteresting.This is by far the worst of the series i have seen, And no you can't change Clementine based on your actions in the previous seasons, it is already decieded on how she will act and behave.She is just a stranger with a familiar face.And i can't get over why Clementine did not know better then to lead the new frontier people to their home, when escaping from the junkyard in a car.And it has been said a thousand times but i don't care because it's the biggest slap to the face to the dedicated fans that has praised the series since the very first TWD game. I am ofcourse talking aboutthe pitiful death of both Kenny & Jane. Their death's is arguably out of character and makes all your previous choices in vain in previous games.The way TellTale handled the whole situatuion was really insulting, and it actually made me feel bad for those whochoose to go with Jane, wich ending was even worse then Kenny's.To fans that have invested time and money and hoping to see""their character""in this season was kicked in the groin while laying in fetal position. DISRESPECTFUL if you ask me.The only thing I can console myself with is that Kenny is still out there in my playtrough when entering Wellington without him. You're not going to kill my Kenny that easy, Fuc*edUpTales.This review will continue to be updated until the final episode is released.TL;DRThis season summed up in one word:FUBAR."
,Not Recommended,536220,33132322,Posted: 2 July,all,Supercalifragilistic,"I would really want for the Walking Dead Series to excel, but as of now, the series is heading the wrong direction.The series is falling in the trap that a lot of sequels do, being it either movie, book or game.Everything has to be bigger, better and flashier.What went rightThe storyThe story is fine (mostly). Yes, it was predicatable, cliché, but fine. The first one was as well. But the first game was better, because the execution was better. It was not the story that made me lose hope into the series. If anything, this story could've worked better if it was executed better, but sadly enough it wasn't.What went wrongFreedom of MovementIn the first game specifically, you had the hub areas, which were in my mind the best thing that the game had to offer. It allowed you to both take a breather from all the action, as well as getting to know your companions better. It added so much to the emotional value to the game. The second game however, rushes you through all the events. It's either perform a quick time event, choose what to say or press w to move forward. The game feels rushed with no time to get to know the characters better.Flat, Evil CharactersThe first game had believable characters that weren't one dimensional and that was also true for its villains. Remember thedairy farm family from the second chapter? Yes, the cannibals. Or the person that kidnapped Clementine in the end.All these characters had their reasons and were never truly evil. They wanted to live just as much as you did. However, from the second game onwards, villains started to become just evil. Almost all villains followed the same pattern, they were ruthless, showed no compassion and we knew almost nothing about them. Looking at youCarver, Joan, Norma, Randalland probably some others I've forgotten.Apathy towards choicesThis is somewhat similar to my problem with the villains, but I personally barely cared about the characters. Whenever I had to make 'tough decisions' what could potentionally lead to a death of the character, I didn;t care. I barely knew these people, you want me to choose? Remember from the first gameDoug and Carley? Or evenDuck and Shawn. Within those few moments we've had with them we knew their character and generally their motives as well. And those decisions were hard. Now compare it to this games'Ava and Tripp. Who were these people? We had some idea of who they were, but we were so rushed through the game that I did not care much about who got saved.Focus shift to zombie killingI know it sounds silly, but the first game wasn't about the walkers. It was about a parental bond between two characters and how situations and hard decisions shaped such a bond. Whereas from the second game onward it starts to focus more and more on the ""Look how badass we look while killing zombies. This is what makes for great story telling."" It doesn't. What made the first game tick were the people, not the walkers.Choices felt irrelevantI myself turn the ""This person will remember this"" notifications off, to make the game feels less gamey and never know if my words will make impact, just like real life. And for the first game, it really felt like choices mattered. The ending felt similar to that of Mass Effect's 2, where your choices mattered in who was willing to follow you to the end and also in how the charachter developed. And now? This game did not feel like choices mattered. Do I say it nice or aggressively? Doesn't matter, the characters will go through the same changes nonetheless. Oh, you saved this particular character? Doesn't matter, he/she will die in a stupid way in a few minutes anyway. This too makes me care less and less about characters, because I am too much aware of the illusion of choice, something the first game handled better.Do I want another game? To be frank,yes, I would.But not like this. The series should go back to its roots, slow down its pacing and let the emotions sink in. If the execution would be better, I would love another game. But if the next game will be like this one, I will not be around to play it.I likedGarrusJesus though, he was cool."
76561198278498357,Not Recommended,536220,30497120,Posted: 13 March,all,dep,"I don't care about playing Clementine, but I do care about the story. Walking dead season 1 has an amazing story with great characters. Season 2 was not as good, but the characters were still really well written (hello Kenny). A new frontier is a joke.Here are examples, spoilers ahead:You're in a city that has been standing for quite some time, since everybody knows everybody and there is a stable governement. You play a passive role in a murder and are thrown to jail. This is the first 15 minutes of the game, the only ones that make sense. Because really soon after being jailed, the city chief will propose to help you to save your family. This means going to some dangerous place, alone with you and the girl (Clementine) who killed that guy back in the city. And you have absolutely no proof of what you're saying. Oh and you were thrown in jail for murder the day before, remember ? Anyone with a bit of brain would NOT follow you because you are clearly a fishy guy and this may be a trap. But hey you have a nice face so people trust you. In these dark days fellow humans must rely on each others !Then, the mayor decides that he will protect you against the bad guys who would have walked away and released their hostage, a woman known and liked by all the city, in exchange for you, an unknown guy that nobody cares about and arrived the day before. And everybody agrees ? Even if it implies that the city may be destroyed, and that everybody living here may be killed ? Yes. And obviously this is what happens. After what the mayor is like ""Meh who cares, and please, husband-of-the-wife-killed-because-of-the-player, don't blame him, it's not his fault if your wife, our friends, and basically everybody we knew are now dead and that we are no longer in a safe zone."" What ? The same guy who helped you without a blink because he's so nice and full of empathy just doesn't give a damn about what happened and carry on. And then he tacitly agrees that you're in charge of everything even if he's clearly more qualified (after all you're just a young guy smoking pot with his step-sister in his van). And then you kill his last friend still standing and give him unclear explanations about that, once again he's like ""Ok that's fine ! I really trust you !"". This is the worst character I've ever seen on a screen (along with his daughter who is exactly the same, I guess being poorly written is hereditary).Last but not least, the other one responsible for this mess, namely Clementine, happens to have the tattoo of the bad guys ! Oh my God ! SHE MUST BE A TRAITOR AND SECRETLY WORKS FOR THEM as it is a well-documented fact that undercover bad guys killed dozens of bad guys to build their cover and also because they are intrisically evil. This is non-sense.For a game that only relies on its story, this is a joke. And it's not even funny one."
76561198059079811,Recommended,536220,28492245,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Aegon the Conqueror,I just finished the first episode and I have to say I absolutely adore this game so far.  I really like the new characters and I'm very enthralled by where the story seems to be heading.  If you're a fan of the telltale game series then this is a must buy.  If you've never experienced the incredible story telling found in telltale games I highly reccomend their Walking Dead series.  This is another outstanding entry in an incredible series.By reading some of the other reviews it's quite evident that some are experiencing issues booting up the game.  I have an AMD FX-8320 and a Gtx 1060 6GB and I am experiencing no issues at a perfect 60FPSEdit: I have just finished episode 2 and the ending sure made a path to make this a VERY interesting season.  You will not regret paying full price for what is shaping up to be an incredible ride.
76561198086059877,Not Recommended,536220,30069115,Posted: 20 February,all,Sdre,"The Walking Dead: New Frontier is pretty well summed up by the name. It's taking the series in a new direction, a direction lacking Clementine and in doing so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a good portion of their old fan base. I guess they're the developers and they can do whatever they please with the game, but why oppose the common sense logic of having such a lovable character that you the developers and we the players have invested so much time into?Worst of all you have Melissa Hutchision, Gavin Hammon and a bunch of other talented voice actors left behind, with Clem getting a line here and there, but seriously, who thought this was a good idea, and why? Didn't want to fork the money over to the people who bring life to your characters and make the game worthy of playing? Don't get me wrong, the new voice acting in my opinion is well done, but I don't see the sense in removing these characters and actors entirely and suddenly from the series. That's like ousting Rick Grimes and Daryl Dixon in beginning of Season 3 of the Walking Dead show. Wonder why they didn't do that one. Huh.And in conclusion, you must've known the lack of Clementine and the way youkilled Jane and Kennywith a few minutes worth of gameplay would be a huge middle finger to your fans. Fantastic story telling."
76561198288762980,Not Recommended,536220,30418583,Posted: 9 March,all,No Face,"I love the ability to make decisions in a game. And the way Telltale presents you options to do so is perfect. However, these decisions are ultimately benign, leading you to, overall, same conclusion. Considering the main focus on the gameplay is to have thoughtful decisions based on the affects, contradicts itself at the very core. S01, and S02 were the same. S03 storyline is also not as compelling as the others. Leaving the gamer wondering/waiting to see if this will be the last Telltale TWD that they will purchase.  Has so much potential. Shame."
,Not Recommended,536220,29867454,Posted: 12 February,all,pinealparasite,"Why would you remove the rewind fearture, you regressive idiots!?!? Now I have to replaay the entire game if one of your vague-as♥♥♥♥♥♥dialogue options end up screwing me over. Thanks."
,Not Recommended,536220,31451486,Posted: 29 April,all,Aereldor,"Telltale's fall from grace is hard and painful with this heinous affront to The Walking Dead franchise.If you're looking to play this after the first two seasons (of course you are), turn back. Hard as it may seem, you're better off finding closure in the ending of season 2 than subjecting yourself to this disgusting betrayal.Here are some better Telltale games and other point-and-click games to sate your appetite.- The Wolf Among Us (My favourite Telltale game)- Tales from the Borderlands (Telltale)- The Journey Down (Skygoblin Studios)Pros:- Nothing worth mentioning.Cons:- The entirety of your choices in the last two games amount to no more than a couple of rushed flashback scenes, none of which exceed five minutes. That's all. Two games of great storytelling amount to five minutes of flashback.- The new characters are horrible and they get 90% of the focus. None of them are likeable, relatable, or have any amount of depth. Previous new characters used to have all of that, which is what makes the new ones so poor in comparison. This is a sin, because this series doesn't really have a plot that characters play a role in. It's a character-driven story, and poor characters and interaction makes for a poor story. That's why the narrative is also♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- The 'antagonist' sucks. They don't seem to have any motives besides 'being evil' for the sake of the story. This is the worst kind, and they aren't scary either. Nor do they exhibit the 'Lord of the Flies' behaviour, or present themselves as survivors in conflict with others. It's just B.S.(Note- there's only one antagonist. I'm using 'they' not to spoil it, merciful as that may be)- The dialogue is unbearable. I hope you took your cringe pills before playing this, because it'll make your face hurt.- Your choices have basically no impact on your relationships with the characters.- The dialogue itself is three steps back, and the player character won't say what you choose.- You don't get to play as Clementine. She's a minor side character.- The rewind feature is gone. You can't replay a chapter from an episode- you have no choice but to replay THE WHOLE STUPID EPISODE to get to it.- The sound design is noticeable worse than the last two games, making everything sound like it's coming from a pair of cheap Skullcandy earphones. The high trebles and low bass are blown up and the mids sucked out, making voices sound compressed and silly. This is in contrast to the incredibly lifelike and balanced sound design of the first two games, and it's definitely worse here. There is no tension, suspense, or even fear in the atmosphere. The soundtrack of this iteration is dead.- Telltale threw visual storytelling out the window. They no longer seem to care about using colours, camera placement, and lighting to tell parts of the story. It seems like they just applied the same 'profile' to literally every scene in the game. The walkers no longer seem scary or threatening either, as they did in the first two games.- On the technical side, the graphics themselves look... Weird. There's something very odd about the characters' skin and hair that makes them look like waxy play-dough. It's quite unsettling and breaks whatever semblance of immersion this game has left. They just threw bold outlines on obviously mismatched 3D meshes, which looks disturbing and sometimes revolting. It's also harder to run, which is stupid, because it's a more demanding game that looks way worse than its predecessors.- The gameplay is sodded. There are no puzzles, there is no engaging dialogue- there's no cognitive component whatsoever. Most of the gameplay amounts to button-mashing or offensively simplified variants of what was in the original games."
,Not Recommended,536220,28529208,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Queen Clementine,"It's enjoyable but between the episodes being a lot shorter than Season 1 or 2 and a definite drop in quality I would wait for the other episodes to release before purchasing.Pros / Cons+ The new character you play as is interesting though he's no Lee or Clem.+ The way they're presenting season 3 on a story / technical level is unique and interesting+ The new game mechanics are fun and feel much more dynamic than with season 1 or 2+ Clementine+/- The performance is good but there are graphical glitches, especially with the shadows- While the new character (Javi) is good, the story would be MUCH better told from Clementine's perspective in my opinion- Your season 2 ending is brushed off like it's nothing, I know no one is surprised about this but it's still a mark against the game- The choices aren't hard to make at all, in fact on episode 2 nearly all of them were 90% one way- The pacing is very frantic, it feels like a million things are happening in a day- Everyone just instantly loves Javi, like no one is even a little suspicious of him... even people who are suspicious of the people with him still love him. It really doesn't make a lot of sense and it's the first time in a TWD game I've felt that way.- Some of the plot twists are genuinely terribly done, I can't believe Telltale wrote them especially the cliffhanger at the end of one of the episodes.So just to sum it up... while I am enjoying the game, I find it a little disappointing and can't recommend it based on the two episodes that are currently out."
76561198045959216,Not Recommended,536220,29296051,Posted: 16 January,all,Jinx (Koz),"If you are someone who expects this game to be relatable to S1 in anyway (gameplay, character development, dialogue, graphics/audio ect...) then TWD a New Frontier is not for you.Before i go into details i want to emphasize that if Telltale wanted this game to be up to the standards of the S1 masterpiece then they would attempt to familiarize TWD a New Frontier with S1 as much as possible through the codex stated above ^.Right?Wrong!In TWD season 1 there was not much to complain about other than the rare texure glitch. S1 had supurb Character development, great dialogue with choices that mattered, authentic custom made audio which suited the different situations perfectly and an overall fantastic gameplay experience.One of the main factors in S1 which made it so great was the players ability to have large control over Lee which could influence other characters and alter the outcome of a lot of big decisions such asYour loyalty to Kenny which determines whether he helps you find Clementineor whenLee decides to take the supplies from the RV at the end of episode 2 or refuse to, which is brought back again at the confronation with the stranger at the end of episode 5In TWD a New Frontier..there is practically none of this.I thought that Telltale would have learnt off the few mistakes made in Season Two (still a decent game) like there not being enough free - roam scenes or making the second most important character (arguably)  Kenny a determinant. But Telltale only made them worse whilst adding even more issues.Here is a list of examples:General- As many of you know, the unsatifying length in the episodes- No rewind option, making a choice made by mistake is irreversible unless you restart from the last auto-save point- Choices made in the previous 2 Seasons are irrelevant (only reflected in flashbacks), may as well make this a seperate DLC.- How the hell is Xaveris pot smoking (Not a steriotype, they actually do smoke weed), undisciplined, candy loving family still alive?!Technical- Some zombies appear as if they are ghosts- Occasional moments where characters in the background have their texure blurred-At Prescott, i could swear i saw the same guy with the blue jacket die twice- The new graphics. It may just be me, but i prefer the old graphics from the first Season, the new models are abnormaly shiny and high detailed which would evidentally leave the producers with a high subtotal expence for production cost. Just a presumtion why the episodes could be so short, to save money.Audio- Xaviers claw hammer should not sound like a lightsaber.- Barely any custom music, or when there is it is completely irrelevant to the scene and ruins it.Character development- Not sure about anyone else, but i simply do not have a connection with the new family. To justify this i cracked up a laugh whenMeriana (i think) was shot in the face.- Clementines tenacity to constantly swear and act more immature than she was in S1.- We do not know enough about David to even care aboutif he is the leader of the New Frontier.GAMEPLAY- The main character is literally a random crackhead Mexican- We do not play as Clementine- There are only 2 (i think) free-roam scenes which are only dedicated to finding a solution to the problem at hand(at the bridge, if you open dialoge with another person there is no choice to respond)-Telltale killing off Jane and Kenny in a 3 minute flashback. Would have been better if they were not made determinants at the end on S2 and Kenny being in TWD a New Frontier- Telltales mild attempt to force a relationship between Clementine and Gabe.When Elanor makes a reference to them hitting it off and later Xavier questioning Gabe about a talk he had with Clem.- The only choice in this game which i believe had a significant impact was at the end whenXavier either shot Conrad or turned in Clementine.-When asked by Ava whether to join the new frontier, both options to say yes or no all end up with the same conclusion (Clem joining a New Frontier)-Dissapointing when in S1, i told Clementine not to trust anyone, and that people will try to manipulate her because of her age... Then she later joins the New Frontier and gets a brand on her arm.And i can go on...Overall TWD a New Frontier is in no where similar to the S1 masterpiece, i personally believe that Telltale should swap Clementines model with another girl, alter the dialogue a bit, and turn the game into a DLC and release a better version of S3 in the years to come."
,Not Recommended,536220,29179526,Posted: 11 January,all,Willian Bonner,"The Walking Dead: The New Frontier is it the game that we wanted ? No, certainly not. But I'm gonna explain why.-> The Story and its FlawsI could summarise the series in two phrases each game, but that's for TL;DR session.The story aims for a new character, Javier, which was a bold and fail move by TellTale. Javier is a leader type of character, who gains other's trust quickly and it's respected by his fellow partners. Do you remind of someone else ? Yep, that's right, they tried to put a ""Lee"" on the story again, the only difference is that Lee has our respect and Javier doesn't. Just for this move, I could rate the game down, trying to replace an old and respected character for a new dumb one. The main problem starts when they put Clem as a supporting character and not the protagonist. WTF TellTale ? How could they screw things up like this ? And the things gets darker when I reach the choices issues that this game has. Clem is not even a playable character on the present days, she's only playable in 10minutes flashbacks. Don't get me wrong, the game isn't bad, but it's a poor, dishonest, unsatisfying sequel. As a TellTale game it's bloody damn ok, but it's not a propel sequel to The Walking Dead Series. Let's head to choices for you to feel the neglect with the series.- Choices issuesSo, choices issue on a TellTale game, news ? It would be by the time that season 1 released, but as the time passes and new Telltale's games are being made this topic seems to be quite common on my reviews. I'm gonna start short and sweet, your choices in this game DOESN'T MATTER, bad isn't it ? Worse than that is YOUR SERIES CHOICES DOESN'T MATTER,DOESN'T MATTER WHOM YOU PREFERED TO HAVE STAYED WITH IN THE SEASON 2, THEY MANAGED TO THEM KILL BOTH IN THE MOST RIDICULOUS WAYS, TO HAVE LESS WORK PROBABLY, THEY EVEN MANAGED TO KILL CLEMENTINE'S PERSONALITY,they screwed up everything when it comes to being a good sequel. Independently of your choice in the season's 2 ending if it was final A, B, C or D, it doesn't matter, we're all playing the same sequel with ZERO difference.But if you ask me ""what's the changes by making choices in this game and the previous ones, it must have been some ?"" It did, chat changes only, cool isn't it ? ♥♥♥♥ING NO. No gameplay changes, no story changes, no nothing important, just a phrase different in a chat with Javier or with Gabe or with someone else and worse, there are no tough decisions as you had season 1 and 2. So you have cosmetic choices, that don't matter to the story's progress, and they don't even look tough to make ? Yes, that's right. Have you done ? I'm not, please head to the Lenth Issues topic then.-> Lenth IssuesWell, more issues ? The hell you can bet. Since the world began, Telltale games HAD a average 2.0h/2.5h time PER episode, but this game makes it different. This game has a duration on the first TWO EPISODES OF 3H, isn't it great ? So, you got 2 new episodes, which if you compare to the previous season, they have the almost same duration as 1 episode ? Yep, shocking isn't it ?And they release the damn game saying ""Oh, we wanted to launch 2 episodes at first for the community enjoy even more"" Well, THAT'S ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, WHEN I PLAYED THE FIRST 2 EPISODES THE FEELING THAT I GOT WAS A RUSHED, INCOMPLETE, SHALLOW EPISODE. Characters die and you don't even matter, where's the bond that you had with characters ? Where's the feeling of loss when someone's get killed ? As dead as them, unfortunately.-> FlashBacks and shifting protagonists: a giant question markTelltale's monkey developers thought they could speed things up, miss a lot of important facts, kill important people, miss a lot of choices that you could have made for what ?  Rush to have Javier as main character, show his family, it's conflicts. So what the monkeys done to tell what happened in the hiatus between the season 2 and 3 ? Flashbacks. The screen get shades of grey and they tell a past story that happened to her (the sad thing is a speed up on her story that we've been following since she was a kid), JUST WHY ? WHY ? WHY DON'T YOU DON'T SPEED THINGS UP, LET THEM HAPPEN NORMALLY AS YOU LEFT IN THE PREVIOUS SEASON ? WHY DO YOU ABBANDON A LOVED CHARACTER TO BUILD ONE THAT NO ONE REALLY CARES ? Really TellTale, is this the time to innovate or to let thing go smoothly and normal as the people want ? You miss a lot from a story, from a character's development to this, to a rushed, small, shallow content episode, to a replacement of protagonists, a loved one to a new one that no one gives a damn ♥♥♥♥ ? I can't understand why they shifted protagonists at this stage, no one wanted this, Clem story's progression is now compromised as you got Javier as main protagonist and a true neglect to her, to the story's roots, she doesn't even appear that much, all we got in this game is JAVIER, JAVIER, JAVIER, JAVIER, i'm ""donezo"" with Javier, I want to know about Clementine. By having so many problems, I'd say that this game is a franchise killer. Not convinced with my opinion, am I a hater ? Feel free to end reading this review and checking other's reviews that are considered helpful in its store page, what I can tell to you is that I was an obssessed fan of season 1 and 2 when they released and I'm just a guy who felt that this sequel is a utter disrespect as you compare with its predecessors.Do yourself a favor, don't buy this game. By playing this game, I'd love if they ended TWD series in season 2. It's not a good sequel. I don't really know why they released a poor, rushed, disappointing sequel as this. All the hype, all the expectations crushed, dumped and buried 6 feet under. You know what ? I'm gonna say the truth, this game is nothing more or less than a cassino machine, to get your money and leave you on the ground with failed and destroyed expectations.TellTale is great when it comes to making new titles, but fails SO MUCH when they try to make a sequel. Utter disappointed, that's what defines me now.-> TL;DR SessionAs I said previously, I can summarise TWD series in two phrases each game.The Walking Dead Season 1This game series adapts to the choices you make. The story is tailored by how you play.The Walking Dead Season 2This game series kinda adapts to the choices you make. The story is sometimes tailored by how you play.The Walking Dead Season 3This game series should, but it doesn't adapts to the choices you make. The story is tailored by how TellTale wants you to play.Doesn't seem so bright to you ? Let me clarify then.The Walking Dead Season 1A masterpiece game, marvelous opening to a TWD series, all choices matter.The Walking Dead Season 2A excellent game, excellent sequel, 99% of the choices does matter.The Walking Dead Season 3An OK game, ""BURN THIS GAME"" sequel, choices don't matter and when they do they change barely nothing, a chat phrase at the most.-> Rating as a Sequel to TWD SeriesEpisode One: 3/10Episode Two: 4/10Episode Three: Coming SoonEpisode Four: Coming SoonEpisode Five: Coming SoonFinal Score:Coming Soon, but my predictions are a GARBAGE OUT OF 10-> Rating as a Spin-off, Standalone gameEpisode One: 4.5/10Episode Two: 6/10Episode Three: Coming SoonEpisode Four: Coming SoonEpisode Five: Coming SoonFinal Score:Coming Soon"
,Not Recommended,536220,33290673,Posted: 5 July,all,sklavounos_k,"From a big fanboy of Telltale and The Walking Dead series, this is the very example of a gaming studio getting lazy. Predictable scenario, flat heroes, little gameplay and choices that don't matter. Especially the ones from the two previous seasons had zero impact on this one. Not a bad game by all means but just mediocre from a company that has set the standards of storytelling MUCH higher than this."
76561198105844749,Not Recommended,536220,29998138,Posted: 17 February,all,7shadows,Unfortunate that they decided to take this series in this route. I can't say anything new that hasn't been said already.Pros:Clem is in itCons:Everything else
76561197970455038,Not Recommended,536220,32902108,Posted: 27 June,all,Chicken Nugget,"What happened to this series?Is all the money telltale now gets from the licensed property interactive stories they do blinding them to what a good story and characters are?The first couple of episodes were ok,passable but episodes 3,4,5 seems ot be rushed half arsed messes that they just pushed out to shut people up complaining whislt they were making there free money licenced games.The First season of the walking dead game was brilliant an emotional tense ride through a story with great characters and formed a tight bond between the two leads as the season went on.The second season whilst not as good as the first still had an interesting concept and a cool set of characters with Clems character developing into a true survivor.Then there’s this season which had Clem in it for a few 2 minute flashback scenes through the chapters then a 15 min background character presence in a few present day ones.The story was awful, predictable, the deaths/shock moments you see coming from a mile away and all the character are uninspired cliché messes that have no likable traits.But buy this game if you love forced love arcs that keep popping up even if you never acted in a way where you were trying to bang anyone. Get shouted at for leading people on even though you never reciprocated those feelings to people trying to bone down on you.Don’t get me started on the choices in this season, I realise there usually always illusion of choice and do technically affect major things but.... come on.... this one is like pick A or B, sometimes doing/saying nothing is the right call....not in this one 9 times out of ten doing/saying nothing leads to a game over screen.AND it’s ok folks don’t you worry it ends with a sequel bait ending so be sure to come back next season to carry on with “Clem’s” story, maybe in that season we will actually write a story about Clem and not base it on a random family that you have no history or development with so you don’t care when anything happens to them, but no promises pre order now!!!!!YOU KEPT YOUR PROMISE TO YOUR FATHER!!!!!!(A promise I made 4 minutes into the last episode of the season so it had no weight or meaning to it when what happened, happened in the final chapter)"
,Not Recommended,536220,28706908,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Smithian,"Season 1 of The Walking Dead by Telltale was amazing. The storytelling and characters were likeable and relatable, even though each one was flawed in their own way. The character development was sublime and had a real heart. Season 3 is, in my opinion, lazy and underwhelming, not mention the actual playtime for each episode is half what it used to be!This season is riddled with characters that are incredibly two dimensonal. Plenty of people getting killed off left, right and centre for nothing other than the mere shock factor, which doesn't even work as there's no emotional investment in the characters. There are also plenty of dialogue options that poorly reflect what you've selected when they play out, some are so extremely opposite to what you select I had to go back to change my decision.There were also plenty of times characters do complete 180's and make drastic, out of character decisions that defy logic. I won't include any spoilers, so I can't be specific, but the writing in season three is exceptionally poor.The story feels more railroady than it ever has before. The decisions I had to make in the first two episodes felt like no brainers. I never once hesitated on a single decision. In season 1, I hesitated for many, many decisions because they were genuinely difficult. It used to be hard weighing up the pros and cons in previous seasons, but not in this one.The character development is lazy, characters seem to be good or evil with no in between, the one's that do flip in between go very much hardcore in the other direction with no reason as to why but most never change from one or the other.I even noticed certain cut scenes accidentally including a character in the background that wasn't meant to be there. For the sake of no spoilers I won't mention when or who, but in one scene I get an option that means a character is either with me going forward or not, and a few scenes later they are accidentally included in the background of a particular shot by mistake. Not a huge deal, but the same thing happened when I was given a chance to interact with another character, you get the option to tie their hands together or not, I chose to tie their hands together, in the very next shot they are see walking away with their hands by either side of them.Not a huge issue but it really takes you out of the game and the fact it happens on more than one occasion in two different episodes is incredibly annoying.All in all, the writing is poor, and well below what I'd expect from the people that brought us TWD Season one. It's been said by a few people, but it really does feel like they're trying to make the game far too much like the show and that's not a good thing. This falls so short of the original greatness of this game."
76561197979614721,Not Recommended,536220,28625677,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,doghouse,"Telltale - it's in the name, literally. So what could possibly go wrong?!The long and short of it, for those that rather a soundbite than a wall of text: thumbs down and refund, thanks.That really pained me to write that.Why am I damning this game, you ask?! I mean, it's not a bad game in itself. Looks good. Same high quality of acting. Same game mechanics.  And we see Clem again, and Clem is a bad♥♥♥♥♥♥  That made me happy.  So far all good, right?!I played through both seasons again prior to A New Frontier because I wanted the story to be refreshed in my mind, reconnect with the characters, and take those choices into the next installment. And let's face it, season one totally kicked♥♥♥♥♥♥and it set the bar...Don't get me wrong, I walked into this knowing we'd be playing as a new character, and I thought this will be interesting - so I was looking forward to it.  I mean, season one we played as Lee, then Clem.  So hey, we're rolling the right way, yeah?!Nah.The reason changing characters so far from season to season worked was the fact that there was a connection there, a continuity, a logical effing choice.Telltale, are you milking the franchise?  Because that's how it feels.Huge potential lost.  Why couldn't we continue with Clem directly.  She's young and she has to grow, get older...  Hey, as an adult woman, perhaps she gains charge of a town, then becomes the very thing she despised - Carver.  Having to make tough choices, etc.  You know what I mean.And this is another problem of A New Frontier.  The story.  The choices are arbituary, the characterisation unbelievable (cheap, weak, meh).  Where the feck are the real Telltale writers?!You don't have to agree with me and that's fine. But I loved The Walking Dead because of its story.  Comparing season one with season three - hah! That's why it's a thumbs down.As someone that enjoys reading fiction and writing it (I studied story as a craft for a good few years), I'm sorely disappointed.I'm not quite sure what it is about Telltale, but from now on I'll have second thoughts on buying any of their products.  Their games have noticably become weaker - I'm almost tempted to say that they're a one hit wonder, but somehow they're riding the wave of success off the back of season one.  Harsh comment, I know.Perhaps I'll rebuy the game when it's on sale and pick it up for a few quid.  Perhaps I'll end up eating these words and I'll be served a big slice of humble pie - I'd love that.  But sadly, I don't think that will be the case."
,Recommended,536220,28606655,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,☠ςнℓσє ρяιςє☠,"It's a good start for Season 3, I mean new characters, new story, cool graphic, but sad thing is we mostly played as a Javier in first 2 episodes. I hope next episode will be different, that they give us a chance to play as a Clem longer than 10 minutes.+ Graphic+ Clementine is back+ Clem have some new badass moves+ New character from TV series- short Story (first two episodes)- They will kill Kenny or Jane no matter what you do- Javier is cool guy, but we want to play more as a ClemIt's a shame, that Clem isn't a main character of the game. After years of waiting it's a big disappointment."
,Not Recommended,536220,28667963,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SPACEPOOP,"Lazy, just lazy. I don't think this game even gives you an illusion of choises mattering. Anything you did in season 1 and 2 is effectively discarded by changing the main character and killing off anyone you sided with in the end of season 2.The writing is pants on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There are lots of obvious dialogue options missing so much of the drama feel forced. A gang war over a cup of pudding because everybody is unbelieavebly stupid.But wait! They released two episodes at once, isn't that nice of Telltale? Well, they're both really short episodes, even if combined they are still shorter than a single episode in Season 1 or 2. I got a chuckle when after finishing chapter 3 I watched a cutscene for 5 minutes and then got an achievement for finishing chapter 4. That's how short this is."
,Recommended,536220,28496106,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Rusev,"Javi is surprisingly likable, Clementine grew into a badass and the story managed to be rather entertaining thus far.One of my main complaints that I have at the moment is the fact that the episodes were somewhat short. Hopefully that will be improved upon in the future episodes.I also don't know how to feel about the whole ""2 episodes release"" thing, as it's just Episode 1 cut into two parts and they both turned out to be short. Hopefully it doesn't mean that we won't have the same amount of play time as the previous seasons.Now, obviously not everyone is going to agree with me on this. Indeed, the way they handled our past choices was pretty lazy (those flashbacks...) and the episodes were so short that we might as well have been scammed, but... we're still only two episodes in. There MIGHT be improvements in the future episodes, and the first two episodes were good enough to make me not give up hope.Edit after Season Finale:Worse than Season 1. Not even as good as Season 2, but still good. Get when it's on a discount."
76561198077356005,Not Recommended,536220,30842371,Posted: 30 March,all,TheDoge,"Choices mean absolutely nothing, devs decided to do what was cheap: make up a new story, instead of giving us the new choice of having two new story lines which were set up in walking dead season 2, one with Kenny and one with the other girl from season 2.If they continue on with these characters telltale is dead."
,Not Recommended,536220,30804599,Posted: 28 March,all,have fun staying in preschool!,"First of all, you only play as Clementine in ""flashbacks"" and the only time you see characters from the previous seasons such as Kenny are in said flashbacks. Episodes are way shorter than the previous seasons and you have less choices than you did before. They killed off two characters right at the start without even letting you try to save them.The release of Episode 3 removed a lot of users' save progress for the previous episodes including mine. So you have to make do with random choices. Can't say I recommend this season as much as the other two."
,Not Recommended,536220,29082047,Posted: 7 January,all,Poopiedoucheboy,"Episode 1+2 AnalysisMeh.  This is definitely a downgrade compared to season one and two.  TellTale needs to step it up here in the next couple of months.  Needs more content, more Clem, better soundtrack, harder choices, more character development(which is one of the most important aspects of the other games so I don't know why they didn't focus on this one), I could go on all day.Each episode takes LITERALLY 1 hour to beat.  And that's with me trying to look at all the little details.  I wouldn't go as far and say that it's pathetic for a game, but what happened to the old 2 hour long episodes?  Telltale CAN comeback from this, but they've got a lot of ground to make up.  Here in the next couple of months if all they do is make it longer, I would be way more content with it than I am now.  Maybe 30-40 minutes longer for each episode.I like Javier, but it needs to just be him, or it needs to be just Clem( and I would much rather have Clem).  Now I know they can't change this right now since they have already done it, but they're gonna need to make it as cohesive as possible for it to work, which I think they can.  Another problem is that in the other games, every little thing that the characters did seemed like a big deal, but in this one, it doesn't have that same kind of magic.  The game focuses on action scenes, instead of the little things like talking to people that are the most important.This game needs to feel darker, more unforgiving if you know what I mean.  The mood is too light hearted.  The other games made me get chills down my spine just from the astmosphere.The only pro is this game is Clementine.  But she seems like she is turning into Jane from season two.  Not too big of a deal, but idealy I would want a Clementine who still values family.  Which she still does, but nothing like she used to.I would give her a pass because I mean, everybody she meets in season 2 dies.Despite all of these cons that I have stated ( which they can all be fixed so I'm not worrying about it too much), this game is really not bad, but it's definitely not good.  But even though it's not straight dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ I still can't recommend it because it just ISNT LONG ENOUGH.  To everyone who has played the two previous games, wait before buying this one, or go watch a playtrough if you're desperate, but keep it in the back of your mind, because they might blow us away with the last three episodes.  If you haven't played a walking dead game, then what the heck are you doing over here?  Go play the two previous seasons.  It's such an experience and such a work of art.Episode 3 AnalysisWarning! ( Contains spoilers about past seasons! )Ok so after episode 3, I feel a tad better.  It was good. definetly better than the last two episodes.  Everyone who says the story is complete garbage is wrong.  The stroy is interesting and keeps you questioning.  Although I would say, disregard the statement that they give you at the beginning of every episode about the game is tailored to how you play, cause it's a half lie.  They are correct, everything you say may change a small little detail, but I think if they could push the story in a completely different direction depending upon some big choice, then that would be awesome, but they've never done that before so I doubt that would ever happen.Character development is better.  I care for a couple of characters, but it doesn't have the same power as the last two seasons did.  For example, when Lee died I cried like a little baby. (obviously that was the main character and it's hard to live up to it that bond you get with lee.)  When Luke and a lot other characters died, it hurt, because honeslty if any major character died in this game, blah whatever.  So I really don't know what to say.  It's like they improved a bit, but not enough.And if it was longer than it would help a lot.  It was about 1 hr. 30 min at least if I can remember, and that would be OK if all the episodes were that long, but there not.  They should have caught up with the time and made a 2 to 2 and half hour game (like they did with the older seasons).  Telltale needed to knock this episode out of the park, and give us some old magic, but it just didn't happen.  I feel like the time thing is still holding them back A TON.  Like serioulsy telltale, if i had 6 hrs to 7 hrs of gameplay right now, this would be a good game and I would recommendit, as long as all the other factors stayed the same.  And I feel like most people would recommend it as well if that were the case.So story is good, I like it.  Character development could be better, but it's good.  Time, is holding them back SOOOOO much.  If I were to rate this episode, it would be either a C+ or a on the dot 80%.  If it were longer, I for sure would bump up that score to High B low A.Honeslty, even if this game turns out to be decent, don't buy until they finish it."
,Not Recommended,536220,30410180,Posted: 9 March,all,Professor P4nda,"The story is interesting, but the game has the usual Telltale problems. This time the episodes are noticably shorter and its taking considerably longer for any new episode or even news about the new episodes to release. If you havent bought this game yet, save yourself the trouble and wait. By the time all the episodes are avaiable, you'll probably be able to get this game cheap during the Fall sale."
,Not Recommended,536220,32822857,Posted: 26 June,all,Schooly McShooty,"As a fan of the first two games, it pains me to give this one a negative review.Although the story is... mostly fine... the game is filled with visual bugs, like having the main character's backpack going through his chest and stretching out all the way to the horizon blocking the screen (which was only fixable with a game restart), characters stuck in a weird animation sequence, and at one point a dead character came back to life just to walk with the survivors for a couple of seconds before vanishing. I didn't encounter any bugs that were game breaking, but this type of stuff has a bigger impact on games like this.Character progression feels rushed and a bit awkward, and a few characters seem to die just because the writters didn't know what to do with them. The way they tie all the choices together feels extremely weird, some choices don't go together very well, making the game lose some points too.It also doesn't bring closure to the series unfortunately, expect yet another season, and I hope it's better than this one was."
76561198070157061,Not Recommended,536220,34317769,Posted: 17 August,all,magevalerie95,"This game is an insult to the stories and characters that many of us fell in love with in Season 1 (and even 2). The writing was bad, the logic was stupid, and Clementine is a tag-along character.It wasn't just that there was the illusion of choice, but the game at times flat out does the opposite of what you choose. And no, I don't mean like the choice in the end of Episode 4. I mean like --minor spoiler-- when in a flashback David tells Javi he wants to enlist again and leave him family. Even if you chose the dialogue to completely support David's decision, when you cut to the present he says ""you talked me out of it.""I will say that as with each previous season, the voice acting is amazing. I never once felt like anyone's voice was disingenouos or forced. The script, on the other hand, often made it feel strange.They still have not managed to fix huge bugs and lags in gameplay after 3 seasons! There was a point where Javi became Slenderman because his backpack did not load correctly, so in what was meant to be very serious moments he had tentacles reaching across time and space.Also, when starting new episodes, putting ads for your other games? Really? That was so tacky.I would skip this one. If you really want to see what happens, watch a Let's Play. It will be far less frustrating than playing the game yourself, and won't cost any money. I sincerely hope TellTale will stop at this, but I doubt it, and when Season 4 comes around, I will listen to my better judgement and stay away."
76561198085845512,Not Recommended,536220,29968508,Posted: 16 February,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"Maybe this time, a NO.First thing, software issues. Framerates drops in the game commonly, the game wouldn't lanuch if you haven't patched your system an update from Windows and it's not working for everybody. So the impression on the game's software aspect itself has been pretty low on me.Even though, I gotta admit the graphics is better than before, after all these years. The models are great,Clementine, Eleanor and Kate'smodels are shot on fire.And to the narrative part. It's kinda rush, even though it came out of 2 episodes at once, but it's actually a full episode torn half. Two episodes played together make up a decent 2 hours more so gameplay. And just from the outlook of the two episodes, it's still, pretty rush on the plot.There's some point that they introduce the characters too quickly that we don't even know who they really are. That is messed up Telltales.So our initial cast, the first few of the characters showing up in this game got a very quick introduction on us. So after this, there are some nice little tought choices given to us, that's good. But there is also choices that don't make any difference even if you choose the ""bad"" one, seems like it's just going to go this way. Doesn't make lots of difference to the fate of our characters.Some people are bound to be departed.P.S. Does raising the price would increase the quality of your products? If so, please do, I'd rather pay a bit more to get a more decent game. Not some kind of commercial fast food.UPDATE EPISODE 3 REVIEW:Alright, so finally here we are, after 3 months and 2 weeks more. Telltale brings us the episode 3.It's an episode that only lasts 1 hour more so, it's really short, to think that we have waited 4 months. Damn, shame on you Telltale.Content:It's fine, not too outstanding but I think at least it keeps the Telltale style. Your choices matter now, what you did would directly affect some chracter's fate.Other than the choices, this episode gives me... how should I put it... kind of not that exhilirating feeling, but also not bad. It's just like, some typical zombie story.For example,the villain in episode 3 is that 3 guys who follow Joan's order, but it doesn't really concentrate fire on the mastermind Joan but these 3.So typical,but doesn't have interesting twists or some exhilirating and immersive plot.But we shall wait, to see how episode 4 and 5 look like. From the mere description, I think the band is going to stick at Richmond for a while. And the waiting time is?"
76561198021248753,Not Recommended,536220,33108316,Posted: 1 July,all,MrStinky,"7 hours only?  Other than Clementine and Jesus, all the characters are obnoxious.  Wouldn't shed a tear if they all died."
,Not Recommended,536220,30889391,Posted: 1 April,all,Morphine,"UPDATED REVIEW AS OF 6/6/17: (SPOILERS OBVIOUSLY)This game has pathetic writing, terrible characters, embaressing glitches, and an extremely boring story. The game keeps trying to force its story on you, making your choices irrelevent and completely disregards your true intentions.AN ACTUAL SCENE THAT HAPPENED:Kate feels guilty and wants to save some piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥city Richmond despite having no ties to this place, and it has tried to murder you and her family since the beginning of the game.Kate: ""LETS SAVE RICHMOND GUYS""(I want to pick no ♥♥♥♥ that but only 1/4 dialogue options actually lets me say something against this)Me: ""Maybe we shouldn't""David: ""Lets get out of here instead!""Me: (the game at this point has a pre chosen response, I did not get to choose anything) What are you talking about David?!Kate: ""I can't believe Iever loved you David, and you too Javi!""David: ""WHAT?! WERE U AND KATE A THING?!""Me: ""Ive never done anything with her at all!"" (This is true, I gave her the cold shoulder the whole game, never romanced her, was never interested)The game: You denied the relationship.Excuse me? I am DENYING it? It NEVER HAPPENED.David: ""RAH IM GONNA BEAT U UP""I get beat up, then we run away. People act as if the fight never happened.Seriously? There has been many interactions like this all game. You choose a dialogue option that sort of fits what you want to say, the game carries on and your character says some scripted dialogue that contradicts what you want/said.The characters will stop you in the middle of escaping some zombies to ask for relationship advice, when you say ♥♥♥♥ off they get pissy and totally in-appropiate.Characters you killed off will reappear in the background sometimes.This game is god awful and is a shame to the Walking Dead series.Literally a 1/10. God awful writing, I barely finished the game, I kept stopping half way through episodes to play some other interesting game. Don't waste money on this."
76561198131000905,Not Recommended,536220,31395891,Posted: 27 April,all,Ratfag,"I mean, I love Telltale...and I love TWD...and I love Telltale TWD...and I LOVE Clem.That having been said, I'm really disappointed with this game. I get what they were trying to do, with the introducing of new characters but still keeping Clem for nostalgia purposes, but unlike Game 1 where Lee was a sympathetic character made even more sympathetic by his association with the likeable Clementine, Javier and Kate really aren't likeable characters. At all. Javier is, at the heart, an arrogant jerk who is, essentially, cuckolding his brother. Kate is your stereotypical ""I never wanted kids, but now that I have them..."" women, Gabe is every single reason that I don't miss going through puberty, and Mariana - the only halfway sweet character that I was kind of getting attached to - gets offed almost immediately!Season 2 and 3 of this version aren't much better. Every single character you meet is shallow, unlikeable and nobody that I would particularly miss if they disappeared. Heck, I'm more interested in the plot of Kenny/Jane in Clem's flashbacks than I am in what happens to everybody else.And Season 3 delivers a further smack to the face by saying, ""Remember all of those choices you made in the first two seasons? Yeah, we're just going to ignore them now!"" When Conrad opened the door in Season 3, I expected some twist that he somehow survived and now things would be super awkward? Nope! The game just pretended I never shot him and instead betrayed Clementine - a choice NEARLY NOBODY made!So, in closing, I will be playing Season 4 when it comes out just to wrap a bow around this season and then I will likely put the game away and never play it again. If Clementine wasn't in this version at all, I likely wouldn't have gone past Season 1.If Telltale ever opts to make a Season 4, please, PLEASE make the main character Clementine! Stop trying to re-invent the wheel! We all love Clementine, so just stick to what works!And for Telltales's next release, how about another Wolf Amoung Us? We all loved that game!"
76561198248438100,Recommended,536220,30358801,Posted: 6 March,all,Premium Cracker,"For some ridiculous reason people are giving this game negative reviews based on the fact that Clem isn't in it as much/ you don't really play Clem. Franchises need to progress. To continuously play Clem over and over again removes you from the tension of this game. If Clem suddenly became an immortal protagonist the series would loe all credibility! And, let's be honest, Clem's story arc is basically done. Lee is long gone, she's become independent, she isn't looking for her family and she's grown. There's no shocking thing that can be thrown at her left. It would just be hollow. To introduce a new character creates new drama, new secrets, shocks and attatchments. And the fact that you still interact with Clem reveals the fruits of your labours from the previous two seasons in relation to her character. This series revels in its own ability to create realistic characters in an unrealistic world - to make Clem some mythical character-played protagonist would destroy all previous effort Telltale had made to create a world. I think this is their best move yet, and I can't recommend this new story arc enough."
,Not Recommended,536220,34193262,Posted: 12 August,all,Airborne,"I've always been one who liked telltale games, and who was never bothered by knowing that choice was just an illusion. Either way, if the story being told is good, then I play it to experience that story.But this game doesn't even try. The choices are way too obviously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and the story is just so incredibly dumb.5 Bucks in a steam sale, maybe. If you care about how Clem's story continues.But be warned, it's dumb. It's average in the scope of video game stories, and those are usually complete garbage. If there's other gameplay apart from the story, then that's not as bad, but here the story better actually be good."
,Not Recommended,536220,28543711,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,charliewaffles,"I've been replaying the entire Walking Dead Series and it's crazy how short these episodes have gotten. It took me an hour and fifteen minutes to finish Episode 1, which is ridiculous in my opinion. The graphics have gotten much better over the years, and the gameplay's much improved, but that's not why I play these games... I'd take an extra hour of ""game"" over pretty graphics any day of the week. Even though I like the game, I can't in good conscience recommend something that's nearly half as long as its predecessors. More story, less eye candy Telltale..."
76561197971196029,Not Recommended,536220,29372651,Posted: 20 January,all,dirkvranken69,"Really liked the first games, but I feel that these games are produced too fast to get a real good story. They did a lot on artwork and gameplay, which is great now, but the story lacks depth. It used to take hours to play episodes, now it goes a lot quicker. And you don't get the same connection with the characters as you did before. Where in the past you had to make harsh decisions because you knew them all well, you know have to choose between characters that you hardly know. Also the fact that the guy from the camp (don't remember his name) is willing to help you and leave his entire society after you only met 5 minutes ago, is really strange. The writers should take more time to create a story and a background story with each character, in order to make the moral choices harder."
,Not Recommended,536220,31548410,Posted: 4 May,all,qt3.14xxx,"Shorter episodes, gameplay is too fast for any character developement, choices don't matter (including same dialogs), bad writing, and removal of the rewind feature. This game has none of the charm that the first or second season had.If you've played the previous seasons, expect any character reincorporation to just be objects that don't mean anything.I don't know if this is Season 3, but all it feels like is filler.Watch a playthrough on YouTube instead."
76561198044641366,Not Recommended,536220,33671480,Posted: 20 July,all,Not Vailskibum94,Doesn't compare to the first two seasons. Not terrible... but not good either. Sort of just exists...
,Not Recommended,536220,30947384,Posted: 4 April,all,kaetlynshae,"The story is great, the characters are great. Not playing as Clementine doesn't bother me, the players from the other game all dead doesn't bother me.What bothers me is the length between espidoes released and the length of the episodes. They are so short and it really has become more of a story you just watch, rather than participate in.Lastly, I don't usually mind the choices, the illusion of affecting the game is fun. BUT the whole love plot line with Kate is just awkward. No matter what you pick it's always implied there is romance between the two characters.If you want the characters to be lovers, okay, just make them lovers then.This awkward try to push her away as a player but it's still in the story line you HAVE to be together is terrible.So all in all, the story is still nice, but lacking in what the previous games had. It's not because of the characters, Javi and his family are easy to become invested in. It's because of the length and the weird Kate relationship. (why is romance ever necessary in the zombie apocalypse?)"
76561198082459850,Not Recommended,536220,28524295,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ACrookedMan,"If you have never played the previous installments of The Walking Dead Game, and have no intention of doing so, then you may actually find this game enjoyable.And that pretty much sums up exactly what is wrong with it.MINOR GAMEPLAY SPOILERS AHEADTellTale has spent the last two seasons of this project getting you emotionally invested in Clementine. In the first game, you are her guardian, her teacher, her father figure. In the second you ARE her, and mold her into the young girl you want her to be, be that a gentle little girl or a grizzled survivor. And in the third?You play her for all of five minutes in each of the opening two episodes. Both times in flashbacks.So while TTG technically told the truth in that you do play her alongside this new character (who I honestly don't really care much about since he is basically an audiance substitute for players who haven't played the last two games), they have essentially slapped everyone who played the previous games across the face and said ""everything that you have done doesn't matter at all"". And it doesn't; every choice you made is boiled down to cosmetic differences, if that. The Clementine you took charge of is shoehorned into a new personality of Jane 2.0 without any thought to how she acted in the previous games, and every decision you made isn't so much acknowledged as it is thrown out the window without so much as a passing nod.And all in the name, it appears, of making the new game ""accessible"" to people who never played the first two.So. Unless the format of the next three episodes changes dramatically, TTG have thrown the last two games into the trash. Presumably to join their regard of every person who bought them."
,Not Recommended,536220,28718319,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Great Fish,"Telltale for some reason decided to get rid of Clementine as a main playable character, and have you play as some other random dude, which in and of itself would be ok for a game, but it should be a spinoff game, not part of the main series, and this game should not have had Clementine in it at all, they should have either made this a spinoff without Clementine in it, or kept Clementine as the main characterGame expects you to care for the characters set in the game, when they also put in the character that everyone cares about the most, which is Clementine for most peopleI expect that most people will make their choices biased around Clementine, because that is what I did, and the choice stats at the end seems to suggest the same thingOne thing I will give this game is, that it is kind of cool to see what kind of person Clementine has become, and see it from a thirdperson perspective, but it also screws with the ""choose your own personality"" deal, as everything you did in the last game has basically no effect, as she is not in your control anymore, so its up to how telltale writes herThis game should have been a spinoff, and then they shoulda made a real season 3 with Clementine as the main character"
76561197972558744,Recommended,536220,32864772,Posted: 27 June,all,marc.willert,"Wow what an intense ride - but a very short one!I still like the characters, even though some seem irrational, but what do I know being in a situation like them - who knows.The graphics look great - and they should at 16GB download for the 5 episodes - but I could still make out some severe clippings and other issues.Overall I have to say I really liked the game, but I am very happy that I did not pay the full price - for that its just to short - a little over 7 hours"
,Not Recommended,536220,28924912,Posted: 1 January,all,S3XUAL_D3V1ANT,"Ok so is it fun to play?  Yes, which TellTale game isn't?  However, you took away our ability to be a character we've been looking out for since she was what 8?  When there was a huge ordeal about who you went with at the end of season 2 just to see them in flashbacks dying?  Seems like you couldn't think of a good story to compare to seasons 1&2 so you decided to skip ahead a few years...  LAZY.  I'm going to have to give it a negative vote based solely on the story line since a STORY is what you guys specialize in or at least did."
76561198247679022,Not Recommended,536220,29053824,Posted: 5 January,all,Kofu~,"It would seem TT has decided to invest everything they've got into the visual appeal of their game, seeing as how severely the gameplay and story have suffered.First off, the minor issues. To me, the quick times feel forced and unexciting. There's no sense of urgency. You'd have to wait a good 10 seconds before you're actually in danger of dying 70% of the time. On top of that, in-game movement, when you're freed from the clutches of the everlasting cutscenes, feesl awkward and unpolished. Unlike TT's TWD Seasons 1 and 2 in which the movement felt very smooth.Now the major junk. As almost every negative review states - quite truthfully for that matter - your choices do NOT matter whatsoever within these first two episodes. You might as well be yelling at the screen of your television while watching a movie. In addition to that, not only has TT cut the length of their episodes in half, the amount of actual gameplay has suffered dramatically in my opinion. Episode two especially is just one long scene, providing you only two environments to explore.Unless the story and actual gameplay improve by Episode 3, I wouldn't reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,536220,34382129,Posted: 20 August,all,JoeLudicrous,"Not Telltales finest.The first two games of this series leave you will memories and feelings you will never forget.The Walking Dead: A New Frontier is a game that you will want to forget.This game took away a few of the most important things that made the Telltale Games Lineup so fine in a class of its own; The storytelling, the character development, and the decision making. In a game where the content is delivered to you for a taliored experience, this one misses the mark. The characters in this game left me with dull emotions and lifeless appeal which is a stark contrast to the previous two games. You immediatly getplaced into a world with a new family and characters that you dont feel connected to at all, each with thier on individual problems that are more annoying to put up with than anything else. Without spoiling the game there are many people in this game who after there passing, I felt no regard for, even when I probably should have. The storytelling does not develop the chartacters in a way in which i feel as involved or a part of the game at all. It seems as if I am watching another far more boring version of the Walking Dead games than actually playing it. Which falls perfectly into the poor decision making in this game. The options you are giving to choose loosely effect what actually happens in the coming moments. There were multiple moments in this game that frustrated me, not because my decision didnt work out well, but the game chooses to do something not with my wanted or intended to do.The one thing this game did improve on is the visuals. Pretty stunning scenes and improved overall textures helped set the enviornment pretty well, although I know Telltale can still do much betterTLDR: This game missed the mark in storytelling, character development, and decision making that the first two hit a homerun on. If you wanted more Clementine and an immersive emotional rollar coaster like Previous TWD Games, Lower your expectations going into this game. And do your best to enjoy what I really couldn't."
,Not Recommended,536220,31520380,Posted: 3 May,all,Reyson Fox,"TWD finally showing it's stress lines...What can I say that hasn't been already explained by those that heckled it already in the reviews, but I might as well add my input. Since the day it came out I have bought this 3rd installment after waiting a few years since the elements that left us in season 2. And boy I am honestly disappointed with this game in many ways. Since the day I bought it I have yet to complete it on my own, but I watched several of my friends play through it extensively and definitely already got my opinion on it by seeing how it is all played out. Without spoilers going to tell you absolutely everything wrong with this""New Frontier.""First and foremost I am (or was) a big fan of the Walking Dead when it first started, television series and games all around but lately with these latest seasons and continuations the writing, direction and overall care of this franchise as a whole has been slipping down the wrong way a lot. The""Game is tailored on how you play it.""has been stretched so badly at this point that everyone who sees these words thinks it's a big joke. Your choices no matter what you do mean nothing when coming into this next season. Everything you felt and carried on from the previous two seasons have been basically written off. So your choices in these telltale games are now a fact illusions of choice, meaning they are not real. As for the characters? We barely get connected to any of them since most of them are cardboard and average usual run-of-the-mill ragtags until they all die in like the first epsiode or two, seriously!? How am I to feel for any of them. Javi and Clementine are the only strong factors to this game, and honestly that is it. These two are the only ones who get any respectful screen time in getting to know one another, the rest are so cliche and so overused that they don't even feel like real people in a apocolypse! And why the hell would you put in a stupid forced romance plot, ugh!The writing of this story in one word, garbage. What were they thinking? The beginning transitions were good, and i'll give a pass for that because unfolding story elements during credits in a suspensful way and merging them into flashbacks, that was good writing. But! You let it go to garbage real fast the second everyone is thrown into the van. Javi and his family okay they got some form of connection. But Clem? You put her on the backburner of the story now? As a sort of tough anti hero cliche that we have seen way too much of? The real fans connected with Clem on such an emotional level with everything that happened in her past but now that she is a fearless killer and everything you did in the past mean nothing now makes it all go towards nothing, no payoff. Also what gets me mad about the writing is these episodes are too damn quick and unsavored to be considered episodes, no longer is the story given you time to communicate a lot more with those around you, to care and truly understand the personalities on whom you love, hate, dislike or trust in a story plot. Building up the story and understanding the world around them. Telltale failed all of this with this game we all been waiting years for. I could have written a far better story for season 3 and still keep the protagonist and the elements you chose from season 2 with a more sentimental and emotional connection to the characters and it's creators why? Because you had a couple years to come up with the material, and that is just a fact.I will say that graphics are better (more or less) in a type of graphics you might see in a Borderlands 3 game. But it is all rendered useless because the characters are bland, not enough time was given to them, most of the areas you are in have rarely anything to interact with, unlike the first game where you could do a bit more, but in this one your hand is held throughout almost the entire game like watching a movie instead of a game with interaction you bought. There is no rewind options, cloud sometimes gets issues, saw spike glitches at times, the lips don't match the words, the facial expessions are copy and paste. These things stand out to me and since I love well written and designed games and effects it ruins it for me when I see it.Another thing that ruins it for me is that it is too self-aware of it's huge fame and franchise. It shoehorns in characters and story arcs we have seen in the actual show being displayed here in the game, even characters from the actual show make appearance but have no real impact to the game's story anyway! And even if it did they would most likely just be completely written off and have no real satisfying connection in the end, obviously the game is just going to fade them out or walk away from the story and never return just to go back to the show. Prmoting the television show and comics, wasted story time! And to be honest the show is crap now compared to other shows like Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones or Into The Badlands - which these shows have shown to have a pretty competent writing team, and amazing direction with their franchises.But For TWD: New Frontier - idk. It's not great, but it's not a overly bad game it's just the writers and direction of the story has been lost and any emotional connection you've had with this material in the past is now just gone. I hope it gets a turnaround but with the element of the walkers now being useless, and making it just gangs vs gangs it just becomes silly now. And from what I have seen I am not all that impressed with it since my friends finished this in less than 5 to 6 hours. I mean come on! Broke your promises with this one Telltale what happened to the good stories of ""Tales from the Borderlands."" or ""Wolf Among Us."" or even the original season with Lee. The worst mistake I think is that Clem was pushed as a side story character now in favor for Javi and his family which is wrong on many levels because people really love Clem and how she came up to this point. And from here on our choices should alter how the story plays out and not keep it so linear to fans who stuck by the series longer than they should have.drop mic."
76561198031567431,Not Recommended,536220,34045914,Posted: 5 August,all,McHammergeil [Gja!],It's kinda boring and hard to bond with the characters. Without spoilering I can say that some of them just die in a heartbeat completly unexpected and immediatly forgotten. Compared to the first games it really lost it's heart.
,Not Recommended,536220,28518743,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Disasterbenz,"Thank you telltalefor the horrible death of one of the most liked characters in The Walking Dead Kenny.With all that he has gone through, you kill him off in a flash back in a car accident (Of all things) .Thank you for killing off one of my favorite characters in The Walking Dead.At least make his death meaningful..Sorry but i'm really salty about this one.Episode 4 Gave me a wonderful kenny scene... God I miss him!Also thanks for killing off Kate in an explosive car crash right after telling her how Javier feels about her! Still Salty!This contains spoilers! Enter at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,536220,28597323,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DashRashh,"*You should know that your choices don't matter*Yet again Telltale proves that our choices don't matterif you expect to see kenny or jane alive and well then youare expecting to much from them. they let you chose with whoto stay in TWD 2 at the ending and you do care about them alotbut at the end they die just like that..I call it lack of writing and many fans are raged about it.So I don't expect my choices in the new game to matter.TellTalle can't just do things like that if they tell you before you start the game that ""This game series adapts to the choices you make the story tailored by how you play"" if they decided to make a game where our ""choices matter "" they should stick to it but they prove in their games that it's not the case...!!!I am still going to play till the end cause i bought the game."
76561198010152936,Not Recommended,536220,29218239,Posted: 12 January,all,Lionheart,"This series of the walking dead so far offers nothing that the others don't. The episodes are shorter than previous games, and the story doesn't offer the same emotional experiences. Situations are too predicible. This isn't the way TTG games should have continued Clemintines story."
,Not Recommended,536220,34697666,Posted: 2 September,all,Veteran Alpha,"The Walking Dead: A New Frontier""No One Is Safe Forever.""Sigh..... Where do we start? Let's start off with the fact that I have no idea how Telltale could f*ck this game up soo much. This game is not only shorter than both Season 1 and 2. But Telltale also shortened it by about 50% for this game. The only reason I have 32 hours on it is because I played through it like 3 times. First time I recorded it on YouTube but I got sooo bored of the game that I just decided to cut the series. So I just decided to finish it without recording. But on that day when I was gonna finish it. The save file corrupted which meant that I had to play the game from scrath. After that. Let's just say that the choices I made wasn't the ones I wanted to make so I replayed it for the last time to make my ultimate choices for Season 4 which is coming out whenever.Now onto the game. The game is a straight downgrade from both of the previous games. It's a good game but not a good Walking Dead.Your choices you made in Season 1 and 2 won't count and will not matter.The message you always get at the beginning of the game""The story is tailored by how you play.""is now officially nothing but a big fat lie. This game doesn't count the choices that you make. Anything that you will do will result in the same event. Let me put in simply before I move on to the Story. The Walking Dead: Season 1 was fantastic. Season 2 was good but not as good as Season 1. Season 3 is a boring and disappointing. Finishing it was more of a chore than enjoyment.(I will be using Spoilers not big ones but ones needed to describe this games and its flaws. If you read a spoiler then its your fault not mine.)(You Have Been Warned)The Story:This time instead of playing as the old Character Clementine.The one you played and survive with as. You think you would play as her but you are wrong. Despite TT listing her as a ""Co Playable Character"" and advertising the game much like Tales From the Borderlands, you hardly play as Clem in this game at all, and the only time you do is in flashbacks, to show you what happened and how TellTale is too lazy to continue on their multiple endings pathway that they set back in S2. You play as a new Character. You play as Javier García, a former Baseball player who now has to survive. And let me tell you. You learn his story and his family's story in the first 10 MINUTES OF GAMEPLAY. The new characters in this game, including Javi's family are, in my opinion, hands down THE most unlikable characters in any TellTale game I've ever played. But enough of my ranting. On to the story.On the night of your fathers death you make it home. You meet the secondary protaginist David. Your Brother. Some time later you find out that your Father came back from dead. The Apocalypse has began. The story continues from there.Pros:● The Story is decent for a game but not for the Series.● Achievments● Some old Characters returnCons:● A straight up downgrade from Season 1 and 2. A terrible story compared to Season 1 and 2 and the series in general.● Some Characters just feal so cheap. They are not likeable nor are they interesting.● Really short(The episodes feel like they are 30 minutes long. I remember when Season 1 Episodes were like 2 hours long.)● Your choices don't matterBig Spoiler aheadI did every single bloody choice I could in Season 1 and Season 2 to make sure that my favourite Character Kenny survived. And you f*cking kill him off in a 10 minute cutscene involving a car crash? A Legendary Character and you kill him off like that? F*ck off. That is exactly what you call laziness and disrespect to loyal WD fans.● No Steam Trading Cards● Most Characters are really annoyingKate.... Im sorry but I hate this person with a passion. She is the most annoying character I have seen in this whole franchise. She’s not interesting at all, and the writers basically force Javier to have something with her even if you do everything to avoid it. I tried to avoid the woman like the plague and still the story was trying to imply that Javier had feelings for her. What happend to choices and the""The story is tailored by how you play.""Telltale? Did you forget about that?● Some of the more cooler characters have the mostcliché deaths you could imagine, Ava a Character who is actually likeable for me. She dies from falling after you save her. And that happens 15 minutes after you save her.● Most new characters are easily forgettable and they feel lazy and rushed● Game is pretty boring. (Had to cut my Let's Play series as I got bored of recording it.)Conclusion:The Walking Dead: A New Frontier. A downgrade, a disappointment. Can you call this a game? Depends. As a Walking Dead game I say no. This does not play as nor does it feel as the classic Walking Dead games. I still remember playing Season 1 and being blown away by how fantastic the story is and how eveything can easily get messed up. The Walking Dead Season 3 doesn't feel like it. It is a proper downgrade from the older games. Even The Walking Dead Michonne was more entertaining and had a bigger and better story and that was a Mini-Series. Do I recommend The Walking Dead: A New Frontier? As a Walking Dead game no. As a normal game. Maybe. Depends on the price range. £19 is not worth it for what you get. £7 would seem like a better price range.I have no idea how Season 4 will play like or look. But I have bad hopes for it already. Gonna buy it anyways to finish this series of games. But I have no idea if I will enjoy it or not. We just have to wait.Overall rating 3/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,30916455,Posted: 2 April,all,Tobarus,Should have stopped at 2.
76561198076268261,Not Recommended,536220,29858588,Posted: 11 February,all,Sexual Tyrannosaurus,"I played it for about an hour, and I gave up. The framerate was abismal on every video setting, most all of the characters sucked, and past choices seemed to change nothing. This game took one of the best story rich franchises of all time and took a giant dump all over it. I'm hurt more than anything, I loved the first two Walking Dead games, dare I say the only two Walking Dead games worth playing."
76561198055976458,Not Recommended,536220,33028322,Posted: 30 June,all,-R-,"I really, really wanted to like this game. Despite all the negative reviews I wanted to give it a try. I mean, after all, Telltale has never failed me yet with a game, how could this one be so bad?Boy was I surprised.(Warning, this review got crazy long, but I don't feel like cutting it down. Read at your own burning of time)My choices mattered so little I just wanted to stop making them. Heck, I watched as I made choices in the game and the game not 10 minutes later acted as if I made the opposite decision. As an example,in one of the flashbacks where the brothers were spending time in batting cages, David admitted to wanting to re-enlist in the army. I told him go for it, I was all in for it. Moment the flashback ended, he asked me if I remembered when I convinced him not to re-enlist. No, I don't remember that at all.Some were minor and I didn't mind that too much, but when they needed my choice to be something that affected the game in the way they wanted the plot to go, I felt like I'd been betrayed by their ""every choice you make affects the game"" claim.There were also a lot of choices I wish I could make that I couldn't, and a lot of choices that were so pointless I didn't want to bother.I also felt very little gameplay in comparison to the previous games. I enjoyed all the times I could walk around and talk to other people and interact with the surroundings freely, but it hardly happens in this game. It kind of drives in the point the people who don't like this genre make, that you really don't do anything but sit there and do quicktimes. It also felt weird how there were quicktimes just to open a door (which if I left it it'd just do it itself with no consequence so why bother) but times where so much would happen and I wouldn't get to do a thing.I'd have to admit, although it felt rather predictable at some times, with a little dash of bland, I particularly enjoyed the story and some of its characters. The whole new crew felt very refreshing, and I oddly adored the family/brotherly relationship, even though it didn't seem to really go anywhere with dialogue often being repeated, once again ignoring my choices I made in response to the dialogue. Jesus was my favorite and nobody can ever make me feel differently. His name alone made me laugh so hard in certain sequences, and hisabsolutely fantastic knightly appearance in the end brought tears to my eyes.Love it all to death. He redeemed all the particularly dumb stunts and nearly robotic dialogue (and animations, sometimes. Looking at you,Ava.) of the other characters.Of course the choice comparisons at the end are always great, I always look forward to seeing those. As usual they were around even on most things, although some surprised me with how vast their difference could get, and some others sort of disturbed me on how the (current) majority of people responded to some particularly touchy subjects. Nonetheless, still love them. But, it's likely they were all done because people just blindly loved Clem and did whatever seemed to be what made her happy.The game's performance and quality was pretty painful. I spent about half of the game watching the protagonist's backpack and baseball bat become eternally long blades of landscape and character skewering, or endless planes of gray matter that drowned Clementine because she was the only one too short to be visible above it. It also would occasionally block off all vision of the screen. There was some lag, but I blame my own computer on that since it's not the best pile of metal around.What I find hard to forgive the most though is the constant repeated use of models or images. I saw the same exact person die to several methods of murder, so many times! It wasn't subtle at all. And for the zombies, I bet making crowds full of unique dead people is probably annoying and not worth doing, but when the crowd consists of a whopping 3 different copy and pasted walkers, there's no getting past that. Plus, not even half of them were 3D or even truly animated, I had to take a screenshot of one hoard of zombies in the game because I thought I was looking at a cheap 2D animated screensaver and needed to take a closer look!And as mentioned before, plenty of movements felt robotic and sometimes didn't even fit correctly with the environment. Even the voice acting sometimes got me stuck in a suspension of disbelief. Some lines had pretty much no character in them at all as if the actor was just reading the script to memorize it and practice but they recorded it and called it good. There were other times where the characters would talk normally when there's no way anyone else could have possibly heard them unless they shouted, and times where they spoke so loud it's unbelieveable how they managed to get through their little stealth missions.All in all, I really despised my experience with the game. It's nowhere near as good as the expected quality from these guys, and if you're only here for Clementine, you may as well just read up on what happens and wait for the next game. There's plenty of good about it, I got a good set of memes to joke around with my friends over for a week or two (Clem-kabobs from her constantly getting her face skewered by my backpack and Jesus is the most bad*** character ever.) I laughed a lot, whether it be because the game was funny or it was so bad it was good funny, but I just can't recommend this game to other people.If you're a fan, go for it, you'll probably still enjoy it. But if you're more casual about who you dedicate your fandoming to, give it a pass. Congratulations on reading my way-too-long review."
,Not Recommended,536220,33757319,Posted: 23 July,all,Figure9,"I am GLAD Clementine is leaving Richmond, because those characters ♥♥♥♥ing suck. At least that'll be the last of Javi, Kate, and edgy Gabe."
,Not Recommended,536220,33654867,Posted: 19 July,all,LonM,"I have quite mixed feelings about this installment. Here's a summary to help you decide whether you should play the game:+ This is a good story, in its own right. Follows well wih the kind of thing you'd expect from TWD. It gets messy. There's zombies. A good mix of kind, crazy, helpful and scheming characters.+ The textures, modelling design seems much higher here than in previous TWD series.+ The environments seem much fuller, more dense. Which might have made it more immersive, were it not for:~ A lack of ""adventure game"" play. There were only a few instances of being able to wander around, epxlore, find tools in an environment. Most of the story was told like a TV show, with dialogue choices and quick time events.~ The way the story itself was told was a bit iffy. There was lots of flashbacks and jumping around, which in and of itself isnt a bad thing, but it was a bit jarring when it initially happened.~ The flashbacks seemed to render a lot of the story that happened to clem in previous series moot.~ The game like previous iterations, relies a lot on the illusion of choice. This isnt really an issue for myself, but a reminder that it is there if that kind of thing bothers you.- The models in this game, while they have better textures, look quite ""shiny"". They look less like comic book characters and more like rounded-off 3d models. This can be fixed by lowering the quality settings, but that's an unwelcome change.- I encountered many graphical glitches in the game including characters moving around jerkily, and flickering textures- There is far too much in game advertising. I paid for the game. I did so through steam. I do not want to be badgered to sign up to an additional service. And there is far too much advertising of other telltale games in this. It's quite unpleasant to have finished off an episode, and you're redy to relax and think about what happened, but oh no, you now are shown a big ad for a different game.- The amount of loading screens and the loading times seems higher than in previous games. This in turn lengthens the time it takes to make it through the unskippable ""last time on..."" screen at the start of each episode, which doesnt really make sense if you're playing through in one go.Overall, if you're invested in TWD's story and want to see it continued, give the game a play. Otherwise, I don't see any pressing need to play it."
,Not Recommended,536220,29148052,Posted: 9 January,all,銀河鉄道,"The further into the series you go, the worse the pacing gets. The first episodes are so short and rushed. As of the second episode, the ""emotional"" events don't have the same effect as they did in the earlier installments; most of the time they feel very forced. You're better off watching a playthrough of this. While I've somewhat enjoyed it so far, I know for a fact most people won't, so I don't recommend buying this one until it's on sale."
76561198023932886,Not Recommended,536220,34213172,Posted: 13 August,all,CRAK,"Illusion. Of. Choice.Seriously, it's so dumb. You can either make a choice that follows the narrative telltale wants, or you choose something else and that choice means nothing because they need the game to go a particular way. It's incredibly depressing trying to fix something in a certain way, and feeling like you're making the right choices and struggling towards it, only to find that a side character is going to do the thing you chose not to do. I don't expect complete and total freedom, thats unrealistic. But it's just insulting when the choice you specifically chose not to make, is made for you, against your will, by a random character because that's how it's gotta go.I choose to take the peaceful option - a follower shoots.I try and tell my ally over the radio to not come, it's too dangerous - radio suddenly isn't transmitting.Your ""party"" only exists to correct your poor decisions so that you follow the narrative.I don't think I can really recommend it. There are definitely nice parts with emotional highs and solid voice acting, but I can only really see this being enjoyable for someone who wants an interactive movie. In which case, hey, this is great.Edit: Also it's full of ads, fyi."
76561197986637443,Not Recommended,536220,29473812,Posted: 24 January,all,Hovila,"Not feeling the same emotional connection I did in the first two games.  This one isn't that great, too short and uninteresting.  If you played the previous games, you'll know when a zombie will appear.  Oh look I need to pick this thing in a car.  I wonder if I'll get attack...  Of course you will.  I feel like they really phoned it in on this one.  No longer thinking of interesting situations but rather just re-hashing the same game mechaincs to predictability.Dont waste you money with this one, or any other Telltale games.  They're all going to look different, but be the same under the hood."
76561198277459968,Recommended,536220,28496789,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,rifftic,"Wow. I didn't have the highest of expectations with the new POV character but man was I not disappointed. Javier is fun to play, good voice acting, riffs well with Clem - not quite Lee but a nice successor nonetheless. The supporting cast is decent, if a bit one-dimensional as of chapter two.As for performance, this has none of the crashing or framerate issues that Batman did, thank God (at least for me, and I'm playing on a pretty crap computer.)Also the voiceactor for Garrus is in this so really 12/10 regardless."
,Not Recommended,536220,30975050,Posted: 6 April,all,Goldenstalion,Welcome to Telltale where your choices don't matter!
,Not Recommended,536220,34816048,Posted: 8 September,all,codyyy,"Damn. Why TellTale? 1st and 2nd seasons were so good, so many interesting characters, twists etc. But that's something ""special"". Even 400 days DLC in 1st season was better than that. Worst season. Period. Changing protagonist was the worst idea ever. Clem is main character of the whole series and now she's background character that appearing only few times in the game. That's a shame, TellTale Games."
,Not Recommended,536220,29064617,Posted: 6 January,all,Nathantothec,Pros:- Story is great- Clem is backCons:- Each episode takes 30minutes unlike the first two installments- There are choices to go against Clem. Dumb considering at the end it tells you that 97% of people agreed with the star of the series over a character you have played for 8 minutes.The cheated us on this one.
,Recommended,536220,28668066,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,wobbler,"Very very very annoyed at how they continue to throw away your decisions now.The end of the last ""season"" left people thinking that this time they might just have a slightly branching storyline that would at least show those last couple of choices the player made at the end. Like who you were with and where you were based.Nope, none of that.Every single decision made that should have brought you to your own personal point in the storyline concerning who lives and dies and where your character ended up, is thrown away immediately in a very cheap and tactless way, to make sure they have to put as little effort into the writing as possible.And then of course the message pops up that the game will ""tailor"" the story around your decisions, which feels like a complete slap in the face when you then play the first episode and see how they screwed you over.Now this isn't to say the game isn't any good. As far as the telltale TWD games go, this is just more of the same; well acted, well told and mostly well scripted. Maybe it doesn't feel as real as previous entries, but that tends to be because of the whole sulky teen/dysfunctional family plot used in almost every movie and tv show these days. Basically it feels a bit like a tame version of the horrible ""family"" in that awful tv show ""fear the walking dead"". At least at the start it does, with the whiny kids and ""you're not my mother, you can't tell me what to do"" nonsense that kids would of course be obsessed with during a time of crisis like this (and after being in the situation for a number of years at that point).But it is well told for the most part, if predictable.If you enjoy TWD from telltale you will probably enjoy it. I gave it a thumbs up because you can't give a middling score. So stuck between yes or no, I would still say yes.But that it is looking to be the worst in the series so far. Hopefully they pull their finger out and make some drastic changes, which I have to be honest I felt they did do in season 1, which started very very weakly in my opinion (with Lee unable to move 5 steps without falling over and getting a zombie clawing at his face for his stupidity), but then built up to be one of the best narrative-driven games I have played ever.So I would say give it a chance, but maybe wait for a sale. I wish I had waited for a sale. But not that much that I will refund it, because while it's only ok, it's not so bad that I feel totally ripped off."
,Not Recommended,536220,28499621,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jalist,"Doesn't feel like the past games, everything is rushed and your choices in the past games mean nothing.When I say 'Your choices mean nothing' I don't mean what you are thinking, I know that the story isn't going to be drastically different, but telltale made a huge point of the choice that the choice at the end of season 2 was a big choice, then gave a 5 minute sloppy scene to tie that up so they could get back to the gunfights and explosions.The past games had a lot of depth, character interactions and things to do, this time round we get one conversation with each character and a rushed story. These two episodes took me 2.7 hours to finish and I was pretty thorough, In the last seasons it'd take far longer to do that for ONE episode."
,Recommended,536220,28656191,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Captain_Sofa,"Now, I've read what everyone is saying about this game, and although the store page says that this game is highly recommended by its players, the review section seems split down the middle. I've seen one person describe it as a ""Little-Girl-Torture-Simulator,"" but I honestly don't see the game that way.Just like its predecessors,A New Frontierfocuses on human loss and the importance of found family; important relationships not formed by blood. We see the same sad story from a different perspective. The player takes on the form of an adult man who is put in charge of a group against said group's better judgement, and everything falls apart around them. In this way,A New Frontieris similar toTWDG Season 1. Then we see Clementine, the girl that we all helped raise, grown into a strong, confident young woman. She's strong enough to make her own choices now. No one needs to control her or make decisions for her.This is very different because most of us were drawn to her the moment we met her inSeason 1; we wanted to act as the adult, being able to protect her according to our personalities and play style. We felt like parents, or people who had parenthood forced upon us, and that was a good thing.InA New Frontier, we have that taken away, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. We saw her as a friend and ally before, but those words take on a whole new meaning now that she's grown.However, our choices fromSeason 1and2actually don't seem to matter as much as they should. We see the aftermath ofSeason 2through Clementine's flashbacks, but other than that, whatever life lessons we taught her just aren't showing through. She often seems cold and detatched, which is strange if you're like me, because I raised her to trust and believe in second chances.Regardless, I really am enjoying the game so far. The characters feel new and refreshing, not forced. Gameplay is more interactive with quicktime mechanics brought over from theMichonne Mini Series. Graphics are still similar, but they've got a more polished and textured look.Hopefully my one criticism this is fixed in future episodes, but I still look forward to what lies ahead."
,Not Recommended,536220,30835400,Posted: 30 March,all,PFC Bengtsson [29ID],"Dont get Telltale's games. Theyre just making worse and worse games for every year with less choices, less meaningful choices, less exploring and free roaming and most importantly: shorter and shorter episodes for every season. Dont give them your money until they start making quality games again. Make Walking Dead Great Again.They also removed the feature to jump between the chapters of each episode. If you make a mistake you regret in the last chapter of an episode: you have to replay THE WHOLE EPISODE from chapter 1. They had this feature in all earlier Walking Dead games. There zero reasons to remove it except for making the game even worse."
,Recommended,536220,28529045,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Snort Cannon,"Note: This review is incomplete. I will update it as other episodes come outEpisode 1 Review:After what I felt was a massive disappointment with season 2, season 3 starts off strong and has one hell of an opening sequence.The story follows on a group of new survivors and you control Javier. A man who is traveling across the country with his family in a van. One day they find a junkyard which is set up as an outpost for a group of survivors called New Frontier. After that Javier meets up with Clementine and the story kicks off into what seems is gonna be a fantastic season.Story wise the first episode doesn't hold back and already has some strong♥♥♥♥♥emotional scenes which will stay with you until the season wraps up.Graphically the game also looks fantastic, It looks a lot more colorful and the environments do look a bit filled with stuff, to help it feel like it was abandoned and rummaged through.Soundtrack is again the same as in the previous seasons. A lot of the tracks were reused, but there's a few new tracks so that's good.This episode is around an hour long again like most telltale titles there's a ton of replay value to see how different choices affect the characters around you.In general I loved the first episode. The story is great, the new survivors are likeable and in general it's already better than Season 2.Episode 1 Rating 9/10Episode 2 Review:Episode 2 begins as soon as Episode 1 wraps up, to avoid spoilers since the first two episodes are a two parter, I won't talk about the story right now.As Episode 1 this episode is full of choices that are incredibly difficult to make and will make you feel like total garbage by the end of the episode.Almost everything I said about Episode 1 is how I feel about Episode 2. Simply put this episode is amazing and already growing to be one of my favorite episodes by telltale ever.The ending is also a massive cliffhanger and I can't wait for Episode 3 to come out in the near future.Episode 2 Rating 9/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,34406267,Posted: 21 August,all,★ JJS ★,"TWDG: The New Frontier for me was so highly anticipated after playing season 1 and 2 back to back. I couldn't get over how amazing season 1 was and season 2, although not as good - was still a decent sequel, tied in together really well with season 1 and had a great ending. Unfortunately, season 3 was extremely dissapointing for me, for these reasons.Season 3 was made to cater for those who want to jump straight into the hype and skip season 1 and 2. It had been a while since the first 2 games (season 2 being released in 2013) so they needed a way to attract new people to the game who didn't want to buy the first 2 games. So, to do this, new characters were added - meaning Clementine's story was pushed aside. This meant for those who had played the other seasons didn't really get to see her progress as a person/character any further than after season 2 which was annoying after that being pretty much the sole focus of the first 2 seasons. When playing it felt as though Clementine wasn't needed in the game - she was only there because if she wasn't, fans from previous seasons probably wouldn't have bought the game and any new character could've taken her place. This made the game feel almost like a spin-off, made to sell season 1 and 2 to the new audience so when season 4 comes in 2018, they will understand what it's all about, rather than a continuation of the main TWDG.furthermore, little things in the gameplay such asno big ending decision (other than in the garage when you choose between Kate and David but i wouldn't have called that a hard decision).andthe flashbacks that Clementine has to explain where Kenny/Jane had gonewere poorly explained and didnt seem very thought out.But despite all this, I did enjoy the game as a whole, the new characters and the new storyline was interesting and gripping and was really well scipted and would have been amazing as a stand-alone game/ spin-off much like the Michonne mini series and if that were the case I would have definitely recommended the game."
,Recommended,536220,28492964,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Puggo,"If anyone out there is wondering whether or not this game still hits the right notes, and that the story is still strong; rest your heads.This game is as powerful as it always has been. Loose ends tied up, and new beginnings start.God I've waited for this for so long.10/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,28790437,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Fink,"Update for episode 3: Above the LawThere is only minimal gameplay in episode 3. We are talking about 5 to 10 minutes of gametime, where you can actually control Javi, rest of episode is, you guessed it, long cutscene with few prompts to press Q or E. Problem with these gameplay sections are that they only require you to press W on your keyboard for short time to move little bit forward.I'm not going to spoil anything, but here are some thoughts about the story and characters in general. I found the story pretty lackluster compared to other episodes. It felt like writers didn't have a clear vision what they wanted to do, so they chose pretty safe story arc in this one. Also some characters feel pretty inconsistent in their design, like they were robots or something. After you choose some dialogue option that upsets them, they are annoyed by it for brief moment and then rest of the dialogue carries out like nothing player chose mattered in first place.Above the Law doesn't fix the issues that were already present in first two episodes, in fact, it only seems to multiply problems that I mentioned below, so I'm not changing my thumb down review to thumbs up.Definitely most dissappointing WD episode so far, I still have some hope left for remaining episodes though.Episode 1 & 2 review:There’s not much gameplay or interractions in this season of Walking dead, however, if you like zombies or Walking dead series in general, this might be right up your alley.This installment is pretty streamlined almost up to a point where the game plays itself and the player is there just to press few buttons to watch things happen. There are hardly any puzzles or free roaming, which were present in first season of the Walking dead series. Pacing also seems exhausting and there is hardly any downtime during the first two episodes.Voice acting and acting in general are top notch and these are accompanied by some really good musical score. Characters are interesting and I cant wait to see what happens in next episodes. I love the way game looks, it's gorgeous and has really distinctive Telltale look.I had fun with A new frontier, despite all it’s problems, however I feel 23 euros might be bit too much at the time of writing this review and I really hope that later episodes fix the problems I mentioned above."
,Not Recommended,536220,33785113,Posted: 25 July,all,tɦɛ ѵɛʀtigѳ CSGO-SKINS.COM,"Compare to season 1&2, its ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Recommended,536220,33903982,Posted: 30 July,all,PlasmaWasp,"3rd season of The Walking Dead, the least popular one according to the Steam reviews. What did I expect? I expected a total disaster. Something what should have not been even released. What I got? I got a decent story and 7 hours of chill with decisions which didn't really matter. But to be honest they never really matter. That's what I realized after playing seven TellTale games. This is not Mass Effect... ;)What I like is that Clementine's story continues. What I don't like is that you don't play as her. I have nothing against the new main character Javier. It's not that. But I felt like I needed to side with Clem every single time. She got so strong connection with players from the previous two games. The statistics show it as well. The other characters have no chance to win your sympathy! And it doesn't feel fair...The Dialogues are sometimes terrible. Why would I ask someone ""You good?"" after he lost everything like one hour ago? I know it's optional to talk to people when you have a bit of freedom to look around. But if I knew the conversations will be so awkward and stupid I would have rather avoided them. They made me feel ashamed for my character. Javier's emotinal intelligence is obviously not developed very well... Did they really want him to be like that or is it just lazy writing? We will never know, I guess.Another thing I find annoying is when they are trying to force me to buy their games after every chapter! Especially when they keep showing me games I already own while I am logged on the TellTale account! If you want to show/offer me something, please show me something new or relevant!Overall, I had fun most of the time. So I will recommend this game. Do not expect that it will bring you to tears. In my opinion if you want to play the final season when it's released, you should not skip this one. Wait for a sale and get it cheap. Or watch it on Twitch/Youtube.Message for the game story writers: If you want to let people know Clem is not a child anymore. The menstruation talk is not the only way :P"
,Not Recommended,536220,28568362,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,☭ Commissar Cuddly ☭,"Pretty good game with nice story and characters (meeting Clem again is sweet) BUT...Played 2 episodes in around 2 hours, and the game costs £18.99 wtf? At the finished product it will be 5 hours total.Gonna refund and buy on sale since it isWAYtoo short (expected 2-3 hours per ep not 1).Telltale better have some pretty long episodes for 3-5 or reduce the price.Don't buy unless 50%-75% offat least"
,Not Recommended,536220,32094987,Posted: 31 May,all,Game Party Champions,"The first two episodes in this game are fantastic and really reflect what past players of The Walking Dead games have come to expect. However, all this comes to a halt with the third episode and the fourth and fifth episodes don't get much better.I'm not sure what Telltale was thinking when they made this game. But damnit, stop trying to reinvent the wheel and just get back to the basics."
76561198092582757,Not Recommended,536220,29073698,Posted: 6 January,all,NT,The episodes are really short and you can just watch someone on youtube play this game to get the full effect.
,Not Recommended,536220,34911761,Posted: 12 September,all,Spoon,"This was a waste of a game, it has some good qualititys but overall it sucked.I mean did anyone care about any of the characters at all? I mean, besides Clem of course. But really the first and second one are way better than this."
76561197991009575,Not Recommended,536220,30812372,Posted: 29 March,all,Marcus Butthurticus,"I usually do not write a review until the game is finally done and over with. But Telltale really gone and done it this time.6 hours? For 3 episodes? Only 2 left? That be about what? 10 hours tops. This is pathetic and a bad thing for Telltale. I played the others for 24 hours and 23 hours. With 2 episodes left, this is on 5 hours. The branching is as usual just an illusion that leads to the same root at the end. Your choices means bare to non at the end and things are forced.Telltale is really failing with this one. Nothing else to say, the contents worth in hours is pathetic. Do not buy.EDIT: The Ending do not really make one jump with joy either. The game lacks the soul off the other seasons and especially season 1. Javi is okay, so is the rest of the cast but nothing out of the ordinary. It is also a big cliff hanger for the last season with Clem."
76561198262065978,Recommended,536220,31374374,Posted: 26 April,all,dmorris.delta6,"I'm writing this review mostly to provide an alternative perspective to other negative reviews. Not that they are wrong, but I think that when approaching a narrative game like this it is important to recognise that other views are possible.My overall impression at this stage (up to episode 4) is that this game is still very much in the same league as its two predecessors. This is because I feel that the plot, characters and decisions are all engaging and interesting. If you approach the story and the new characters with an open mind, and don't expect it to be another instalment of ""The Adventures of Clementine"", then I think it's fairly easy to become invested in the decisions which you need to make. I certainly didn't find it any easier to make most of the major decisions in this game than either of the others. All of them made me think about the impact that they would have on what would happen and how others would perceive me.I will return to talking about the story in the final part of this review. Before doing that, there are some common criticisms made of the game which I have seen being made, and I'd like to address why they didn't affect my enjoyment of the game. It's certainly true that this game has a reduced focus on exploration and problem-solving when compared to Season 1, though I don't know if it is too different to Season 2 in this respect. It's also true that there's almost no opportunity to talk to other characters outside of the mandatory dialogue. There are no ""hubs"" like there were in Season 1 where you were free to engage in conversations with other characters as you please, though again, it's questionable whether Season 2 had anything like this either. Finally, it's true that on the whole, the episodes are shorter than either Season 1 or 2.For me, the absence of exploration and problem-solving is not a significant issue. The main reasons I find these games interesting are the story, characters, and the choices which you have to make as the player. I don't mind exploration and problem-solving, but it's not why I play these games. I thought they were well-used in Season 1, and Season 2 to a lesser extent, to control the pacing of the story, but equally, I think it's possible to write a story like Season 3 which works without them. I think that the absence of these sections is probably at least one reason why the playtime in Season 3 is shorter than Seasons 1 or 2.Less forgivable for me, though not a deal-breaker, is the absence of ""hub"" areas where you are free to talk to characters of your own accord. Again, this is probably a side-effect of removing exploration and problem-solving elements, which was usually how those ""hub"" areas were incorporated in Season 1. I think having these areas was great for characterisation, and offered an opportunity to really become invested in the characters. Cutting these areas out makes it harder for the writers to engage the player, I think, but not impossible. As I have said before, I think they still succeed. The way the story is written means that casual conversation with other characters tends not to be much of an option. The story moves quite quickly over a smaller space of time when compared to both of the earlier seasons (3/4 days compared to months in Season 1 and weeks in Season 2), and I think this makes it easier to justify removing ""hub"" areas from a narrative perspective (characters have less time to sit down and chat) and a charcaterisation perspective (it is easier to get to know the characters without ""hub"" areas because they are all almost always involved in the action in a meaningful way). So while I think the game does lose something by removing ""hub"" areas, I think it is trying to tell a faster-paced story in a different manner which works without the need for them.Finally, I return to talking about the story. This is not a game solely about Clementine. This is a game about how other characters interact with the Clementine you have raised over the previous two games. It is fair to say there are only a few specific decisions which are referenced directly in the game, though I think perhaps there are more than most people realise because some of them are quite subtle and may only appear if certain choices are made in the current game. But for me, this doesn't mean that the game isn't ""affected"" by what has happened previously. I, the player, know what Clementine has been put through in the previous two games, and whenever I interact with her in this game I think about that past, and how it has affected who she is.The reason the Season 1 flashback in Season 2 was so powerful was because it made us understand that if Clementine were a real person, all the choices which were made by Lee and others in Season 1 would have shaped who she is at that point in time. In Season 3, there are many times where we can see that Clementine has perhaps strayed away from her viewpoint or what she was taught in Seasons 1 and 2. Just because there is no explicit reference does not mean that we aren't aware of it as players. I think the greatest thing about these games is that it lets us compare Clementine's past and present actions and experience. We can empathise with her so well because, unlike any of the characters she interacts with, we have ""lived"" with her through her past and we can share her pain from those moments. In many ways, I am glad that we do not control Clementine for any of the present day story scenes in Season 3. Instead, we get to see what the person we raised has become. That is the real genius of these games, and I hope they never forget that.Congratulations on making it to the end! I think if you've read this far, particularly through the last two paragraphs, you'll understand why I think this is a game worthy of recommendation."
,Not Recommended,536220,30836305,Posted: 30 March,all,Duncan,"3 episodes completed - 3.7 hours on record. The quality and everything is good, typical TellTale, but with every new season episodes get shorter and shorter and I also don't see any room for replayability either. Only buy this on sale."
76561198045477366,Not Recommended,536220,30832911,Posted: 30 March,all,rg3,♥♥♥♥ this game. The game is getting shorter after every series. I hope the last tow episodes are not 1 hr each like the first three. Never buying telltale game on release.
,Not Recommended,536220,30879469,Posted: 1 April,all,☯ ackwell,"After playing episode 3 I realized Telltale can't save this. Compared to the first season (which I loved), and even the second season (which admittedly had it's flaws but I still enjoyed), A New Frontier is a buring pile of garbage. A failed attempt at trying to keep the ""Tellale TWD hype"" alive.When you're playing you will keep thinking to yourself ""that doesn't seem like a reasonable response"" or ""that reaction was not at all in line with what's going on here"". You'll also often think, based on the dialogue option you choose, that ""wow, that wasn't what I meant by choosing that dialogue option at all"". It's because Telltale decided to shoehorn in dramatic situations out of nowhere just to try to add some fire to this extremely dull and uninteresting story.They massively fail at creating a bond between the players and the characters in the game - you'll end up thinking ""why should I care about you or your opinion again?"".And not to ruin the story so far, but at this point this is so unoriginal and plain it's extremely predictable.Do yourselves a favor and stay away from this. And not only for the fact that it's an episodic game where the episodes get released so infrequently you've lost all interest and forget about the story and characters when the next episode drops.Edit: Finished all the episodes and as expected it was such a complete mess that left you extremely disappointed. This is the worst Telltale game I've played."
,Recommended,536220,32470553,Posted: 16 June,all,Pun[1]Sher,"I like this game. I won't say that it has quite the same feel as seasons 1 & 2, which I fell in love with, but it's still fun. I won't say that the game is perfect, but I like it.+ new characters - really like Javi and Tripp+ interesting story, but short+ cool graphic+ in flashbacks u play as Clem+ twd tv character Jesus- very, very short episodes- they will kill Kenny or Jane no matter what you do- your choices doesnt change much- not emotional like season 1 or 2I see more + than - , so I recommend it.Can't wait to play the next season and see what's gonna happen, that's TellTale, never ends the story and that's why I like it :)"
76561198078630742,Recommended,536220,32074068,Posted: 30 May,all,AlexRadrigis,"I love you, brother."
76561198155587214,Not Recommended,536220,30308262,Posted: 3 March,all,Constantine,"this game is a rushed hotdog that looks look a♥♥♥♥♥♥with some kind of disease that has no name, sure, you'll eat it cause' you're too lazy to cook another one and it doesn't taste too bad but you'll die a little inside knowing you could have something better, my advice? spend your money on something a little more worthwhile, like the comics or even the television show."
76561198282268040,Not Recommended,536220,33232205,Posted: 4 July,all,xMichelle,"I'm a big fan of TWD games seasons 1 & 2, so I decided to buy this game on sale. I wasn't expecting a great game because of the reviews, but as someone who played the other seasons, I was very curious. I did like the game, but the storyline and characters were very dissapointing (I only liked Javi and ofc Clementime). Unlike the earlier seasons, there were so little detailed options/choices you can make to build up some bonds between Javi and the other characters, like sharing some food or making a swing for the children, repairing a generator etc. The episodes were also very short in comparison with season 1 & 2. I will recommend this game only when it's on sale, because it isn't worth the full price imo."
,Not Recommended,536220,31171795,Posted: 15 April,all,Panikdkernel,By far the worst walkind dead season
,Not Recommended,536220,34868588,Posted: 10 September,all,tylerullery,This game is fun but pretty buggy. Also there is no ending! The final episode is more like a middle of the game ending not a game ending ending. It really is not even a cliff hanger just makes you feel cheated since it's like you finished an episode not that you finished the game.
,Recommended,536220,32494359,Posted: 16 June,all,Negan,A Negan appearance would have been a great cliffhanger!!!
76561198114088180,Not Recommended,536220,30475620,Posted: 12 March,all,Hornydumblewhore,"If you like waiting an eternity for a new part of the game, this is just the game for you!Recommendable for not having an original plot, storyline whatsoever anyways. So ifyou are looking for a great game to waste your hard-earned money on, I absolutely recommendthis to you.No, but seriously, we've been waiting for a new episode since December 2016, and there still isno (exact) pinpointed date. Call me butthurt, but having to wait for so long to actually get a new episodeto release should not be acceptable.Furthermore the storyline isn't that great, and choices you make don't have any big influence on the storylinewhatsoever anyways. Definitely one of the most dissapointing games of Telltale atm."
76561198071488970,Not Recommended,536220,30886076,Posted: 1 April,all,Emperor Karl Franz,all thought the game was fun and creative i sadly cant recomend it the episodes are way to small not to mention they had to up episode 3 from 1 month to 2 months i thought because it was large content sadly that wasent the case it was even shorter than the others sad
76561198055541443,Not Recommended,536220,32265264,Posted: 8 June,all,Gruuno,I finished it in 8.3 hours even though i actually used some extra time to go back and see if my choices actually mattered.No matter what i said or did 90% of the time none of it just didn't matter.It truly is a shame that this game has lost the feeling of danger if you f*** up or do some other stupid choices.If you don't kill that dude in this episode? Don't worry he will just die anticlimacticly in the next episode for no reason.What was the point of me even saving and making that choice if you're going to take that choice away from me in the next episode. That's just idiotic. This game should make you feel horrible about your choices. But now it just makes you feel like nothing matters and everything is just planned and scripted.I really feel bad for giving this game a thumbs down since i am a big fan of Telltales. I really do like their tales normally... (No pun intended).But seriously. I can't suggest buying this game unless you are a serious fan of the franchise.Nothing really happened to main character (clementine) So none of this actually even didn't matter at all. It's just a story about a f***** up family that is breaking apart and you're trying to keep it together. This game feels more like a extra dlc than an actual game.So in short?Only buy this game if it's on sale or if you are a serious fan of this franchise since this game doesn't affect the actualy original story almost AT ALL.
76561197972095236,Not Recommended,536220,33361446,Posted: 7 July,all,biotofu,"There must be some sorta BS happening with the reviews here, where this game is sitting on a 75% rating, with mostly positive reviews...  Telltale is really slipping, and risk losing its loyal TWD game fans.  This game is seriously an atrociously lazy game compared to the first 2 seasons.  Dialogues poorly designed, many times I picked my response but the words came out wrong and different from what I had chosen in meaning.  When played all the episodes in sequence, the opening flash backs really broke the tension and suspence of the story telling.  You could tell that the storys running out of idea towards the end, and could have easily cut it short by at least 30mins.  Season 1 to me, its about doing everything one can to protect the one you love;  Season 2 was about dealing with the horrors and scars from the past; Season 3 was all about lazily eating♥♥♥♥♥♥and dying.There are also a lot of lazy careless♥♥♥♥♥♥ e.g. a dead character showing up as being alive in the background.  Gone with the fun signature exploration elements that allowed players to investigate and guess what is happening.  They had some exploration and scavening parts in ep1 and 2, but no more after them.  ep3 to 5 were just lazy♥♥♥♥♥response selection games.  A lot of lazy copy and paste zombies, seeing the same zombie models over and over again on the same screen, with their animation synced...  Many meaningless replacable forgettable scenes.  Comparing to the zombie flood in season 2, the way the writers executed the finale here was lazy af.  Lazy! Lazy! Lazy!I personally thought having Jesus here was a terrible idea since I could tell that he was going to have that ""I am an important original character from the comic book therefore I cannot die"" shield.  I would rather see another new character.  Many supporting characters were of soooo little importance and the story got rid of them with even less spark.  Some guy triped, got grabbed by a zombie, others yelled ""oh, no!"", characters seem to forget about that after 5sec and started making out or whatever.Most characters goals and motivations felt so forced.  None of the characters was compelling.  Javi was the main character but the secondary character from season 2, Luke, was a better character than Javi.  New Frontier lacked a Lee, a Kenny, or a Jane character.  After 7hrs, I didnt care about any of the characters at the end...  Not even for Clemintine wtf.  They should have stuck with Clem as the main character when their writers sucked.The graphics and animations are♥♥♥♥♥♥  They upgraded the skin texture and added more details to the backgrounds but thats not the graphical upgrades that this game needed...  I think most people would be happy with the comic book style.  Players want better and smoother animations, better lip syncing, more zombie skins, better designed interactive environments!The ending with Clem was gut wrenchingly cringy just to sell us fans that there will be a 4th season coming.You killed Clemintine! You ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"
76561198090519126,Not Recommended,536220,29406068,Posted: 21 January,all,thebearchair,What a ♥♥♥♥ing embarrassment. Just terrible.
,Not Recommended,536220,30831819,Posted: 30 March,all,OhMyEnglishTeaBags,"I'm afraid I just cannot give this a positive review. Season 1 and 2 were great, never played Michonne but I heard bad things about that game. But I pre-ordered this game and whilst it is annoying having to wait 4 months for a new episode, that's not why I am giving this a bad review. It's simply because unlike the other seasons, you feel no connection to the other characters. When they die you just feel like ""oh well"" where as whenKenny died in Season 2we all felt heartbroken."
,Not Recommended,536220,33722767,Posted: 22 July,all,Vjeshta,"It is hard for me too not recommend this game because on it's own, TWD:ANF is a solid game with a somewhat-thrilling story and incredible graphical aspects; alas, the game is plagued by comparisons to the former two games in the series.Story: 6.5/10- Starting off as Javier, a banned baseball player due to gambling related issues, you're thrust into a flashback scene where the story begins to set off slowly. All in all, the brothers have a weird connection and the story relies on these two's experiences. Unfortunately, A New frontier is lackluster in terms of adventure. The story progresses much faster than I would've liked and the characters we're presented with lack depth. Indeed, there are multiple characters to meet but none of them deliver a sense of purpose; I really could not care less about the characters involved as they just felt forced. To worsen the matter, Clementine is no longer the main character (albeit her presence is still felt in most of the game,) and the replacing main characters are just plain boring. Throughout this playthrough, the game just didn't feel complete. Don't get me wrong as it is by no means terrible, it's just that when compared to Season Two and the Original TWD, there exists a lack of immersion and quality. Furthermore, the story is much shorter compared to the two previous games making for somewhat of a unpleasant experience for Walking Dead pro's.Gameplay: 6/10Here's the part where most people will probably disagree with me; A New Frontier offers very little actual ""gameplay"" where you walk around and interact with the environment. I say most people will disagree with me because the majority felt the lack of this gameplay as inhibiting the overall experience; I must admit that I believe the complete opposite. I prefer the way A New Frontier included more QTE's and more actual story time than having to look around for stupid clues/puzzles/items, that for me ruin the immersion. Unfortunately however, A New Frontier presents players with the worst dialogue in the Walking Dead games. The choices you have are very un-interesting and overall dialogue between characters seems bleak and without much context. Once again, compared to the other two games, A New Frontier felt unfinished and desolate so to say.Graphics/Sound: 8.5/10At last, some good marks for this game! Upon first launching A New Frontier, it is immediately visible just what good work Telltale have put into their latest addition to the series. Graphics feel crisp and character outlines are very intriguing. Overall environments look better and character models are more improved upon the former games. In addition, the sounds present much better immersion and quality, making this game pretty nice if you're more into the graphical aspectsOverall: 70/100TWD:ANF is by no means a bad game in any way shape or form. It is just devoid of quality/character development/ and an intriguing story that we're so used to seeing from Telltale Games.  Walking Dead fans will surely agree with me on most aspects but the game itself is mediocre/fairly good at best."
76561198104366495,Not Recommended,536220,29798246,Posted: 9 February,all,somuchfun1,"I beening waiting for the release of E3 for such a long period of time. I don't want to make any comments about how the stories go because I believe mostly is depending on who is playing it, the i do want to mention that I can't wait anymore, i read many posts from manys websites and they all give their thoughts and ideas about when E3 will be released.I have been checking the realease frequently and I am really disappointed. To be honest, I beening play Resident Evil 7 lately, that game is so much fun to play. The story is far more thrilling and complicated than TWD, The only reason I remembered this game is that I kept the Icon in my desktop and I saw it by accident, and yet, the E3 is still not available. I don't care how good this game was or will be, next time even the full episodes released, I am not going to play.I am done waiting."
,Not Recommended,536220,28660114,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SolidSweat,"Everyone not recommending this game I get it.Im a massive fan of the other two, I have no idea what happened but the writting or something has changed significantly. Full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥rie.If your a Fan play it and make your own mind up, If your new to the series defenitly dont start on series 3. Its gone pretty lame in terms of story. Looks great though."
,Recommended,536220,28494314,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,(っ◔◡◔)っ ♥Meloun♥,+ more badass Clem+ one ♥♥♥♥♥ is down- Kenny
76561197967822376,Not Recommended,536220,28732255,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WK,"I like this game, but I cant really recommend it so far since the episodes feel too short and not quite as good as previous ones. hopefully they improve on the next 3 episodes (I have lots of hours because I accidently left my game on overnight)"
76561197977724919,Not Recommended,536220,30385906,Posted: 7 March,all,|MG| JeffMakesGames,"Me:""You did the season 1 and 2 games right.  How can you possibly f**k up season 3?""TTG:""Watch this."" [DOES THE THINGS]Me:""Oh...""With how long it's taking for Episode 3 to come out, it's clear TellTale Games failed to make this game ahead of time.  They shouldn't have released this game until most of it was even done."
,Not Recommended,536220,30329349,Posted: 4 March,all,¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿,Game is only at 2 episodes. The character's eyes are weird but it could be me. Game doesn't back up old story and ruote is really slow and short. Not very memorable and boring tbh compared to the start of the other games. Write a review before halfway done the game? Can't play the rest of it if it's never out lmao
,Recommended,536220,28496655,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ErA | Erronlol,Literally a guy called Jesus10/10
,Not Recommended,536220,32319688,Posted: 10 June,all,Zeal,"Its half good, half bad.Every ep it just got worse and worse and didn't care about any of the characters.Bad writingBad charactersForced choicesFrom all the characters i only cared for our Clem( and jesus sorta)I do admit you did improve the game overal, i really loved to see at the end what happend to everyone and how they show how your story went( sorta like the walking dead 1) but other then that you just screwed up the story( should've been like the walking dead 3.5 and only 3 eps. This was all just in the end all character development)I still recommand that you should play it, it isn't THAT bad. Just compared to the other games it is.Practically... Telltale...get your s*** together in s4 :>"
,Not Recommended,536220,32896094,Posted: 27 June,all,Daniel Rogers,"One of the best looking Telltale games out there but one of the most disapointing story wise.Clem returns from the previous two games but none of your choices seem to have affected her.New Characters arent as intresting, does provide some intresting backstory but hard to care after the twist at the end of episode 2. The entire season basically feels like the warehouse episode from season 2 but dragged out over an entire 5 episodes with less controls and even less compelling characters."
,Not Recommended,536220,31531934,Posted: 3 May,all,Badger!,"The storytelling in ""A New Frontier"" has been lacking, lots of plotholes and bad dialogue throughout. 4/10"
76561198026156817,Not Recommended,536220,31943787,Posted: 24 May,all,dmjohnson94,"I know these are story based games and there's not a lot of real gameplay to them but this kind of blows. It feels like I'm always on a rail. No real puzzles to solve. There are times when it would be perfect to take over the controls but instead it's still a cut scene. The story is okay but man it is so rushed I have no reason to get invested in any of the characters. I'm not a real reviewer or I would give detailed examples of what I mean. This is nothing like other TellTale Games I've played (TWD season 1 and 2 plus DLC, The Wolf Among Us). I have TWD: Michonne  left to play and I hope it's better."
,Recommended,536220,28518780,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Rits,"Yesss! SO MUCH YESSS!I honestly didn't expect much from season 3, because season 2 was a letdown compared to season 1.Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed season 2 but I thought it would all go downhill after season 1 after playing season 2.Once again, best kind of an experience you can get from a game like this. Would recommend this to everybody!"
76561197972219840,Not Recommended,536220,31784451,Posted: 16 May,all,Roundnumbers,"Tl;DR Great ideas, but terrible execution.Longer version: Good art, good stories, it would be great but... the whole damn thing is user hostile. I hate playing this game. I am never going to buy another telltale story game again. How much I enjoy story based games can't overcome how ♥♥♥♥ing horrible the mechanics of the actual games are. You can't skip conversations, the choices are timed, the gameplay is inconsistent and stupid to name a few things. It is unbearable to replay the game to see alternate endings and the truth is that no matter what you choose basically the same thing happens anyway. Often, it's nothing more than choosing whther person A or B dies, and regardless of your choice, they will both be dead in two episodes anyway. You just decide you dies first really. Playing this game makes me feel like someone on their design team doesn't understand how human beings work or actively hates me."
76561198035095092,Not Recommended,536220,30845902,Posted: 30 March,all,SpartanFerret,"dont enable cloud saving unless you wanna replay every episode, my telltale acc lost my cloud saves from ep 1 and 2"
,Not Recommended,536220,32168271,Posted: 3 June,all,Williambcd,"Telltale threw away so much of what made their Walking Dead series great. It's almost comical how Telltale thought this game was up to par with the previous two seasons.There were two things people were afraid could happen to the story after Season 2: either Clem would no longer be the main character, or she would be put on a linear story and the choices in both previous seasons would be rendered meaningless.Somehow, Telltale managed to do both of these things and believes it was best."
,Not Recommended,536220,32206463,Posted: 5 June,all,Alcatéia,"Season 3 started really well, fresh new beginning with fresh new characters with a fresh new story, and Clementine was the cherry on the cake, stealing almost every scene with her; But it started losing its touch in the final episodes, the integrity of the game was greatly diminished by the poor execution of screenwriting with poor character development and choices becoming redundant and fillers becoming frequent, it got boring fast. As a great fan of TWD this has to be the worst TWD game released. It didn't come near in bringing the level of emotion I got in the previous games, and gives me the premonition that the series are going to die soon."
76561198040241291,Not Recommended,536220,33442129,Posted: 10 July,all,GALL1UM16,"The first in the entire series that I disliked. I could go on about how the plot was weak, there was a lack of personal connections to every character, and how the ending is linear no matter your choices, but others have done so before so why do it again. My big issues with this game is the length. It takes about an hour to an hour and a half to beat each chapter compared to the three hours it took me for each chapter in the first game. The lack of character controll is mind boggling, I honestly think there are four times when you control a character with WASD, the rest is story based. I miss clicking on a pointless object multiple timed just to every possible line from the character. SPOILER ALERT, it was also dumb how you offed Kenny and Jane, you had an extra year to make such a great game with multiple story lines but it seems like you panicked at the idea of multiple beginnings and just got lazy. Really a travesty compared to the first two and a half games. Truely unfortunate."
,Not Recommended,536220,32243047,Posted: 7 June,all,Quiquex,Telltale has lost the touch. The story feels dull and the main characters are nothing in comparison to Lee and Clem.Also some bugs may screw with the choices you made in the previous episodes
,Not Recommended,536220,32586028,Posted: 20 June,all,krubas,"wasn't the worst story ever, it's just that they shouldn't have abruptly switched stories from season 2 to this game. I didn't really have a bond with any of the characters other than Clem.Not really worth buying unless it's on saleTelltale should've done this (don't read until after finishing episode 1):Telltale should've combined episodes 1 and 2 and made it episode 2. Episode 1 could be a continuation from your final choice in season 2 and could end with Clem chopping down the tree that resulted in Clem meeting Javi."
,Not Recommended,536220,30338812,Posted: 5 March,all,Matcho,"The reason that the third episode in the third season has not been realesed is beacuse the ♥♥♥♥♥ are still trying to make it, the game is half made with a bad story. Loved the first season, but TWD has been going downhill ever since."
,Not Recommended,536220,31800830,Posted: 17 May,all,MajorLiggs,Wish I'd stopped at season 2. Mind numbingly boring.
,Recommended,536220,29357435,Posted: 19 January,all,The Specter,"Great GameThe great style of a Telltale Game.These games build characterization and create an interesting story around those characters.This game is very interesting, but I hope the writers will lengthen the upcoming episodes.Best part though is seeing Clem grow.She is so cool.I mean it she is awesome.Telltale is making this one much shorter than the other Seasons. Michonne was shorter, but it was a mini series."
,Not Recommended,536220,30840695,Posted: 30 March,all,Newport,"♥♥♥♥ off telltale, 3 ♥♥♥♥ing months for an hour long episode with 5 minutes of clementine and♥♥♥♥♥♥unsatisfying choices? You had no choice in whether you killed that badger guy, and apparently letting him turn is the ""nice death"". WHAT? Stupidly short as said before and the story was generic as ♥♥♥♥. I could see the Joan twist from a mile away. Richmond looks awful as well, very bad aliasing and the textures whilst I understand are meant to be in the typical tell tale style look simply awful. Seems tell tale put their C team on this game, really hope The Wolf Among Us Season 2 isn't this bad. Man I really ♥♥♥♥ing miss Lee"
,Recommended,536220,30859876,Posted: 31 March,all,BD_Fire,"Recommended... During a sale.Pros• Nice Graphically• Unexpected Events, Twists• Jesus (briefly)• Chicano BatmanCons• Story• Short• Flashbacks• Choices Matter Very Little• Polygon / Pixel Stretching (Javi's backpack during episode 3)"
,Not Recommended,536220,29410308,Posted: 21 January,all,Nicholas D Wolfwood,"This isn't a bad experience by any sense of the phrase. However this is a very SHORT experience. We have been getting increasingly shorter and shorter episodes since S1. It was already a massive issue in the reviews of Walking Dead Mich. Apparently they blatantly ignored the fans and continued on to make the game we have waited YEARS for fall under the same fate.It baffles me because Tales of Borderlands, Wolf Among Us, Game of Thrones, even the newest title Batman all had much obvious added content in comparison to the Walking Dead sequels in terms of quantity. Ifyou can continue to do it for other franchise openers there is NO excuse to not have that length with WD New Frontier.They will continue to do this if we do not openly critic them for taking these actionss.The New Frontier so far isn't bad at all. At least that is my personal opinionn. But that isn't the issue. The issue is we are not getting the amount of content to the standard they have set for all the fans that have came to Telltale through WD. Buy this on sale, don't purchase at full price unless you are a fanatic for Walking Dead or Telltale styled games. Which if you are, I assume you already have made a negative review yourself at this poiint in time."
,Not Recommended,536220,32138269,Posted: 2 June,all,Markus,"It's really bad, especially the last episode. If I could go back in time, I wouldn't buy this game, not even if it was 3 dollars."
76561198301853187,Not Recommended,536220,29170301,Posted: 10 January,all,Graydere,fist ep is too short and we want to play as clem
,Not Recommended,536220,31928767,Posted: 23 May,all,RockingRohan,"After finishing Episode 4 I gotta say, The writing sucks. the dialogue is terrible, it feels like a badly written fanfiction, what happened to the amazing writing team that gave us the first two games ???"
76561198067674633,Recommended,536220,32853184,Posted: 27 June,all,Voysey,"I honestly do not think this game deserves as many negative reviews as it has recieved. I throughly enjoyed the continued story of Clem and how she's grown, and playing as Javi, at first was a little strange, but I grew to enjoy his character and his family's part in the story. Even though it is kinda predictable at times, and each episode is incredibily short in comparison to seasons 1 and 2, I think it is still a fulfilling game that I became emotionally invested in, so to me, it was a good game, not fantasic, but still good. I would advise if you wish to play this game however, that you buy it during a sale like I did, and not pay full price, it's not worth the full price cost, but on a sale, it's worth it."
,Recommended,536220,28501193,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/GdmeJFL66yITL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!The Walking Dead - A New Frontier (AKA Season 3) is an interactive story rich experience involving zombies. The first 2 episodes of season 3 are available right now, but the next 3 episodes will come at a later date.It isn’t completely necessary to have played the first two seasons, but I do recommend it. If you play them first, you’ll have a better understanding of the season 2 characters that also make an appearance in this game, and you can choose for your choices to carry over into this season if you want to. In season 3, you play as Javier (Javi) instead of Clementine. At first I was unsure how I would like the new character, but Javi seems like a solid protagonist. His character is flawed, but not too flawed that he becomes unlikable. He feels like a real person, a believable character who is just trying to do the best for his family in tough times.A New Frontier is exactly what kind of game you expect from Telltale Games. It’s a cinematic game focused mostly on creating an immersive atmosphere and rich story. You spend a lot more time watching the game, than actually doing things in the game. There’s a tiny bit of point and click gameplay here and there, but for the most part you just need to react to events, and select dialog options when prompted to do so.When picking your dialog, you have limited time to make your selection, and your dialog choices influence how the story plays out, but it might not necessarily influence the final outcome. The choices system offers potential replay value, but even playing again with completely different choices, there is likely to be some repetition watching the same cutscenes that are unskippable.Pros:intriguing story, and it's quite enjoyable playing as Javi (Clementine still makes appearances throughout the story, but don't expect her to be the main focus)great atmosphere and good immersionwell written dialog, with phenomenal voice actingmusic and sound effects all feel on pointgraphics look good, and the style is consistent with many other games by Telltale; the smoothness of the animation is noticeably improved in season 3 when compared to Season 2 & Michonnefull controller supportCons:very short episodes compared to Season 1 & 2(nitpick) the controls are not customizable (default WASD, Q/E + mouse will be fine for most)(nitpick) the cinematic story-telling won't appeal to everyone (i.e. you'll spend more time watching rather than playing)Conclusion:The full game consists of 5 episodes, and the first two episodes were each roughly 1 hour long. I’m a little sad that the episodes in this season are shorter than in seasons 1 and 2, but I’ve still enjoyed the story nonetheless. The cliffhangers certainly leave me wanting more, so I’m looking forward to the rest of the season. If you’re a fan of interactive stories, Telltale Games, or their previous The Walking Dead games, then this game is one that you will likely enjoy as well. However, if you don’t like cliffhangers, you might want to wait for the whole season to be released before playing.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also veiw this review on my websitehere."
76561198070174074,Not Recommended,536220,30688478,Posted: 23 March,all,Dalix,"Things Telltale really NEED to get.A new engine: Because Hmph i don't know maybe because of bad optimization, bad graphics and awkward animations. Some of these things could possibly be done without a new engine, but a new enginge would help.Better writers: While its extremely hard to get choices to really matter because of how ♥♥♥♥ing insane it can get with all the combenations a player can make on the game. I still don't feel like its justified when the whole point of the game is that ""you're choices matter"".Better animations: Because when the whole point of the game is to get immersed in the story. its extremely hard to do so if a character just spins around awkwardly when he should just turn.If you can get all this Telltale and actually create a decent story, you're gonna have you're best game yet..... Probably"
,Recommended,536220,33270808,Posted: 5 July,all,Pablo,"This game is truly amazing. I have so many good things to say about it; I legitimately don't know where to start.Little disclaimer: There might be tiny spoilers as to how the story develops. However, no specific events are mentioned.Edit: Please remember this is just my opinion. Everyone has one, and I respect yours, so please respect mine. You may have disliked this game, I love it, and here's why.I guess I'll start off by saying that this is now how I typically write reviews. I usually play through the whole game a few times over the span of a few weeks or at least a few days. However, this masterpiece of a game was just too good for me to shut up about it. I literally binge played the entire game in one sitting, which is not hard to do since the game is quite short, and right now, about 10 minutes later, I'm writing my thoughts on it.I'd say what most people complain about is the game being too short, however, to me, the game cost less than going to the theater and watching a movie, and I got a 7 hour long, interactive storyline where my decisions definitely did greatly affect the outcome of it. And to me, that's much more than worth it.Others complain that you can't play as Clementine in this new series, but to me, watching Javier meet and help Clem become the amazing woman she definitely will be in the future, as well as watching how my actions took effect on her way of seeing life was stunning, and I'd trade it for playing as her any day of the week and twice on Sundays.The storyline developed into an excellent, fast paced thrilling plot with a ton of possible different outcomes, and the way the characters developed is also amazing. I really have to hand it out to Telltale for this game, which in my opinion, is as good; if not better, than the first game. This game is ruthless, and it gets to you. But they don't overdo it to a degree where it's punishing and unenjoyable. Many horrible things happen. Many are completely unfair and uncalled for. Many characters meet fates they did not deserve. And only a handful of good things happen, but this game has a way of making that handful of little good things, outweigh all the bad. It really makes you appreciate the little things.This game had me on the edge of my seat throughout the entire duration of it's five amazing episodes. It made me furious. It made me sad. It made me laugh out loud. It made my cry. Twice, actually. The first time was for something terrible, the second... was after seeing how my actions, my decisions, and my style of playing the game, had brought me to where I stood. When the credits rolled, and I saw the summary of every little thing I did that had effects on the story; I burst out in tears. I couldn't hold back the emotions this game made me feel. Seeing the type of girl Clem became after all of it... there are some games I wish I could play again for the first time, and this... is one of them.It's your choice who you want to be. A cold-hearted Javi; a soldier, like his brother, seeking only his own survival sticking it to everyone else, or a kind-hearted loving Javi who seeks good in everyone. Being the first might keep you alive for longer in this world, but the other will make sure you're happy while you're here.Truly amazing and inspiring. A masterpiece.9.8/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,32092856,Posted: 31 May,all,Morrinn,"Started out interesting but quickly lost focus.The plot quickly becomes contrived in order to try to maximize conflict between the main characters, well beyond the point of being ridiculous. People never seem to be able to keep a level head and just be reasonable, it's always knee-jerk overreaction to every minor choice you've made to the point that it becomes hard to figure out who exactly you've ticked off and how.At one point I was being chewed out by one of the characters for making a supposedly bad decision, but for the life of me I couldn't figure out what exactly it was supposedly did. I couldn't figure out if it was bad writing or some kind of scripting error, because, yeah, you'll encounter a few of those as well.Characters will occasionally behave inconsistently between scenes. I found myself introducing two characters to each other that had already met in a previous scene. In another one I missed the opportunity to ask for a pertinent piece of back-story, and then in the following scenes all characters, including the main protagonist, continued on as if they knew all about it whilst leaving me in the dark. Then there was the cutscene where a character who had just died could be seen walking around in the background... There are plenty of these little errors, and they make the already contrived writing fairly unbearable and confusing.The game-play, minimal to begin with in the earlier games, has been cut down to almost nothing. You rarely get control of the protagonist to wander around a scene, maybe once or twice in an episode, and almost all input by the player are the QTE's and dialogue prompts. This wouldn't be so bad if only the she story was more engaging. You'll be watching a cutscene for minutes without any input, then suddenly you'll need to react quickly to a prompt before being put back into observation mode.Truth is, New Frontier is a sad misstep in an otherwise impressive library of releases from Tell-Tale, and an unfortunate entry into the Walking Dead series. Newcomers will be bored with the game, old hand's will be disappointed it doesn't live up to it's predecessors.I'd give it a miss."
,Recommended,536220,28496038,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kur mot kreft,"Easily the best singleplayer game of 2016, they really nailed the walking dead atmosphere 10/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,28535316,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,riningear,"Overview:Wait a few episodes to pick this one up and see if others say this has improved. The story is alright, but everything else is underwhelming. They've gotten sloppy.I've played a few Telltale games so far, including TWD 1 and 2. So I went in kind of knowing what to expect. I'm not all that much of a point-and-click adventure type of person to boot; I have to push my standards really low to work through the story of TWD games out of a love for the zombie genre.Unfortunately, TWD:ANF actually manages to amplify many of the issues I've had with Telltale games in the past - and some of my fears about TV drama cliches. See below.NOTE: Some of these, specifically graphics, could just be my laptop. However, I've never had issues with other Telltale games like I've had with this one, so...PROS:It's a game of The Walking Dead. I love this♥♥♥♥♥♥ And if you've loved their past games, at least you'll like this.CONS:The visual performance is atrocious. I've had glitches, including a ""green spot"" in young Javier in all of his cutscenes.Takes FOREVER to load in some parts. I thought the game had crashed when I first booted.Camera angles are worse than ever. If you've played past Telltale games, and this has bugged you, I've got bad news for you. Even the cutscene choreography is worse than usual.The ""fast walk"" is actually... not fast. At least in past games it's been understandably slow, but there's virtually no difference in walking speed.Choice boxes are disgustingly small and too close to each other.The story is just... Okay. I understand why they gave two episodes to boot; the first episode's ending is lackluster, and the second's feels pulled out of the♥♥♥♥♥ Just a bit, minus light-as-a-feather foreshadowing.If you've played past games -- SPOILER:Clementine's introduction and presence feels extremely forced. It might make sense later, but for now it's very weak, which disappoints me because I love her.I'm giving it the thumbs-down because I really expected better. If you like TWD's past iterations, you'll be okay with this. But I dunno what to tell you about this. It's just underwhelming for all the wrong reasons. And Telltale needs to give up the ghost and just revamp their engine(s).EDITED TO ADD:It seems like I avoided a plot concern that a lot of other people hit. My story choices when I left off last season were:Kill Kenny, walk off alone.I was extremely satisfied with my choices, but hearing that others are hitting a different issue based off of different choices - oh boy.Also, if you sincerely like Kenny, I don't trust you."
,Not Recommended,536220,31489456,Posted: 1 May,all,R3llec,"*Spoilers episodes 1-4*instead of continuing the story from season 2 they introduce new characters and i cannot say i give a damn about any of them it's like OH NO that b*itch died who the f*ck cares... the choices you make does not matter at all, remember that big choice at the ending of season 2? ye it doesn't matter what you chose you wont play as clementine anyway. You will meet clementine and if you saved kenny in season 2 he dies either way from a F*CKING CAR CRASH... and AJ is gone somewhere who the f*ck knows. they say the game is tailored by how you play and i say BULLSH*T. you chose to save that character? well he gonna die either way cuz the game wants him dead... just stupid. don't pay 22,99 euros for this crap."
76561198009863420,Not Recommended,536220,30878584,Posted: 1 April,all,Ward,"I remember buying Season 1 when it came out as a 14 year old because the idea of having your choices impact the world in a zombie setting was so cool. The illusion of choice in S1 was well balanced and there was more consequenec than characters saying different lines. In season 2 it was glaringly obvious.Season 2 fell into the same trap the show did. It got slowly more and more unrealistic with characters making stupid decisions and being in the wrong place at the wrong time ALL the time with no reason to be there.Season 3 is a ♥♥♥♥ing copy of the show now. Everyone has a ♥♥♥♥ing AK47 with apparently unlimited ammunition, living in towns and raiding other towns with tear gas and trucks filled with zombies. It's all so stupid and fake. TWD is nothing more than a cash grab at this point and I deeply regret buying Season 3."
76561198017263239,Not Recommended,536220,31098192,Posted: 12 April,all,NewGate,"disappointing game,almost no consequences of the choice you make. hardly care for the people in the game.good story but that it."
,Not Recommended,536220,31891274,Posted: 21 May,all,TACO,"honestly... tfw you wait so long for twd: a new frontier and it turns out to be not even that good. seriously no character development at all, you lose connections w all characters and choices from last 2 seasons almost dont even matter. they should never have broken ties with clementine and shouldve continued with her as protagonist. compared to the last two seasons, a new frontier sucks. On its own, it is not that good either. I dont recommend buying. (DISAPPOINTMENT BRUH)"
76561198004668088,Not Recommended,536220,35221049,Posted: 26 September,all,Ella,"Unfortunately I have to add my negative review to the others I've read. I was so disappointed in this game.TL/DR: The characterisation is terrible (even Clem's), the story is horrible, the gameplay is somehow even worse than the first two games, and your choices don't matter.**Some mild spoilers below, beware**After playing the first two seasons and falling in love with or at the very least empathising with 99% of the main characters, it was a shock to find I didn't care about ANY of the characters in this game. NONE. Not even Clem. Even the characters I was supposed to like (Javier, Kate). That sucked. But worse than that, I found myself hating David with a passion, only to find the game trying to shoehorn me into symapthising with him. This was after he did horrible, unforgivable things (eg hitting his kid, shooting someone in cold blood while negotiating). Wtf Telltale?That was only the worst bit of the storytelling - there were plenty of other points where the narrative either got completely lost or made no sense at all.The gameplay wasn't great in the first two seasons but they managed to make it even worse in this one. Instead of coherently tying together the annoying quicktime key presses, they changed it so you're pretty much pressing a random key each time. Plus half the times you have to take control, there's nothing meaningful for you to do, eg a few times you take control only to walk the character forward a few steps.The other reviews talking about your choices meaning nothing are completely correct, but I'll also add to that - at least 50% of the time, the dialogue option didn't seen to match what the character actually said. When I wanted to respond angrily to someone, I found my character joking, for example.I have to come back to Clem. I adore her as a character but they really ♥♥♥♥ed her over in this game. She was little more than a supporting character, and a cliched, boring one at that. I really wanted to see a story about her trying to survive with AJ, but I guess Telltale decided that would be too hard.Overall, if you liked Seasons 1 and 2, do yourself a favour and skip this game. Seriously. Or play it out of curiosity when it's on sale for at least 50% off."
76561198142865907,Not Recommended,536220,32074057,Posted: 30 May,all,PaPa_Bl3ss,This game is the assassin's creed unity of the series.?Telltale will remember thatLol no they ♥♥♥♥ing wont
76561198275817663,Not Recommended,536220,32084933,Posted: 31 May,all,Squiddium,"Here is the thing...if you were a huge fan of TWD game season 1 & 2, and gave your heart out for those 2 games like me, you will be very disappointed. The dialogues in this game are terrible and your choices from Season 1 & 2 don't even matter.  The story line was decent but is nothing like Season 1 and 2. There is very low focus on Clementine.Gameplay:Gameplay was okay but there isn't much moving around. Most parts are pressing buttons and after choosing what to say, you realise Javi doesn't even say what the dialogue says. Each episode is like about 1 hour long when the episodes in the previous games were about more than 1:30:00 long.Graphics:Some parts of the game looked awesome but others looked terrible. Clementine and Javi looked cool but Kenny looked like another character. Kenny's beard looks like it was drawn by AJ with gray crayons. Jane looked like a potato.Plot:This is where the game really sucks. It is a decent plot but not good enough for a sequel of TWD season 2. Very less focus on Clementine and more on the new characters who doesn't matter much. This game doesn't even feel like a sequel, it feels more like a dumb side story like TWD Michonne. Not much emotional moments like season 1 and 2. It is really upsetting. Your choices in Season 2 ending are crippled and thrown away in a stupid short flashback in the first episode.SPOILER:Episode was actually going pretty well until the flashback. The part where they reintroduce Clementine was epic. However the joy didn't last after the flashback. The characters you choose to go with at the end of Season 2 just dies. Kenny dies in a stupid car crash which happened for no reason. Kenny - who was in this series since Season 1 episode 1 - dies in the most dishonourable way possible. His death in Season 2 was way better. Jane hangs herself because she's pregnant which is so dumb but not surprising. Telltale makes us wait 3 years so they can kill of those characters in a 7 min flashback. Embarrasing.The ending was and ending that felt like Telltale didn't make it. There are a few different endings but the endings were a cliffhanger and we have to wait another few years and pay $26 to find out what happens. However, I have hopes for Telltale to make TWD game series great again. I have hopes that characters like Christa, Lilly, etc to return. The game feels dull without OG characters.Overall I give this game a 5/10. It's average and is not worth $26 - especially if you are a true fan and give your heart out for this game seris that was once a legendary series. After this game, I just have no feelings for it and kind of lost connection with Clementine. I hope Telltale can prove with Season 4 that this game did not go to hell yet and can bring back emotions. Maybe Lee and Kenny are gone, but there are OG characters they can bring back. This game was a disgrace to the series. If you never played on of TWD game before, I highly recommend you to play Season 1 and 2. Those 2 games were legendary and are 10/10 and is worth every single penny."
,Not Recommended,536220,28494987,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Majestic Twelve,"I could go on for paragraphs but I will simply put this down to answering two questions. Is this the game I wanted? No. Is it enjoyable? Yes. I wanted to continue playing as Clem and you just don't. She is at best a side character. There are also some interactable flashback sequences that are trying to ape the Lee flashback/dream sequence that have nowhere near the same impact. As such, I can't ""recommend"" it to any diehard fan of the last two games. It's new comer friendly, though."
,Not Recommended,536220,28527363,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Backstab,Why the hell did you treat Kenny or Jane's deaths so poorly? I spent hours trying to get the best possible relationship with Kenny in season 1 and 2 just to have you ♥♥♥♥s kill him off in the first episode? ♥♥♥♥ you Telltale. I know there's technically an ending where you don' know if Kenny lives or dies (staying at wellington in season 2) but you're never gonna bring him back anyway. The only reason you treated their deaths that way was to make it easier to write and for that I hate you. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves.
,Not Recommended,536220,32174320,Posted: 4 June,all,Tartarus | △,"This season killed the series for me I think. I hated all the characters, except Clem of course, and I could not have cared less if any of them died. The best part of the game was at the end of ep5 when it said ""Clemintines story will continue..."""
76561198027007714,Not Recommended,536220,31409901,Posted: 27 April,all,El Lobo De Miel,"Following the success of their first two seasons, telltale games misses the mark on their third outing. While at first the extremely quick turnaround time for episodes in NF (2ep off the bat and 1 month between) seemed amazing compared to season 1&2 (~3mo between episodes) i can't help but feel they could have used that extra time to create a better story.TTG grossly overestimates how much i (and probably other fans) care about their new characters, and as a result feel no sympathy or connection to the characters making each episode a little tedious as you're forced to play through moments where i could practically see ""player feels sad here"" on the script. Every character comes off brash and unlikable, even clementine, and i love(d) clementine but she's just annoying and angsty now like the other teen whos i can't be bothered to remember  or care for that matter. Without characters you care about this game starts to feel more like passive entertainment even more so than what other TT games feel like, i could feel a disconnect between the protagonist and myself, he wanted to save so and so because he says he cares about them, and i'm gonna control him to do that because i don't really have a say in it and that's what the protagonist wants to do.Perhaps i've become jaded and should taper my expectations of a game that in all honesty isn't much more than a really long Quick TIme Event, on the other hand perhaps TTG dropped the ball juggling so many properties at once and failing to give its flagship game that adequate amount of attention and time. If given the option id much rather prefer to wait the extra 2mo between Ep in exchange for getting the quality of previous games. In conclusion NF is tedious slog through a boring story that commits the unforgivable sin of having unlikable characters in this type of game, whatever TTG was trying is not clear to me, but it just ends feeling like a an easy cash grab."
76561198046289600,Not Recommended,536220,30852949,Posted: 31 March,all,Atronox,"You know, I've been playing this out of some kind of loyalty and nostalgia for the first season, which was incredible. I've been a die-hard fan of Telltale since then, and it has been quite a ride. But even my great love for zombies and for this IP cannot change the fact that this is simply not good.It's like, Telltale has just been trying to emulate its own success since the first season. Every new episode features a grim parody of what used to be so good without ever adding anything new - every death, every pratfall, every single element is so predictable now. It never changes. Mash Q to struggle with an object, then hit E to overcome whatever it is. Bash something's brains in with Q (ooh the impact sounds! This is meaningful stuff happening). Gory shock-factor scene. Vulnerable character dies before they even mattered to the story. Hollow moral decision. Someone gets knocked out with the butt of a gun. Insert some feels here. It's like the Emperor's formula to cool dark-side quotes. ""Something-something-something tough choice. Something-something walkers.""I just played through episode three after waiting several months and I found myself asking constantly why I should care about any of this when the characters are so shallow and the plotline is so convenient and predictable. The episodes have even gotten shorter. They used to last two to three hours, give or take, and now they last about one. What can you cram into a single hour of video gaming? Apparently, not a compelling story.This is garbage. Hot garbage. And I'm gonna play the rest of the season, too, because of that loyalty I have to the series. Maybe that's why you're going to pick it up and play too. But don't fool yourself. Don't sit there and try to reason with everything that's telling you this is bad.Because it is.It is bad."
,Not Recommended,536220,32083994,Posted: 31 May,all,kAba,"The Walking Dead: A New Frontier is not a game, it is a lesson that teaches us how childish and commercial video game industry had become throughout all these years. Mature stories, true characters we shared emotions with, community that really had an impact on the game. Those things are not important in newest games, nowadays developers only care about how popular the game will get on youtube,  and how much teenagers will like it."
76561198056464286,Not Recommended,536220,32073241,Posted: 30 May,all,That Useless Guy,"I am really annoyed for this to be a negative because I REALLY wanted this series to be good. However, here we are.So I'm just gonna divide these up:Story: It started strongly. I didn't like how fast paced everything was but it was strong here. Episode 3 went down but personally enjoyed Episode 4's slower pace a lot better. Episode 5 was so everywhere so clunky in dialogue that the themes feel like they were part of a kid's show. ""Family is important"". Rather than TELL me that why not show it? For a game that's ""Story Rich"" it fell rather flat here which is very annoying given that watching a playthrough of Season 1 alongside waiting for this and comparing it...it's genuinely heart breaking to see the decrease in quality. One of the genuine moments in this game is the (annoyingly controversial) period scene. I liked that we got to see her growing up and how weird that can be for someone. It was ruined by Javi being all ""uh...yeah, uh, that's cuz...uh, p-p-p...growing up stuff."" But it was a very nice bit to have that made me audibly say ""awww...""Characters: The WORST cast by a LONG shot. David is irrational beyond belief, how the hell he was put in charge I'll never know as well as just an all around screw up. At least characters like Ben we could pity in some respect. The relationship with his brother was borderline psychotic and the flashback in Episode 5 was unbearable to me. I don't care about his protection shtick because he is fully able to change but can't because story. NOBODY DEVELOPS AT ALL!Gabe was just an arrogant teenager and a Ben with an attitude problem. Even then, Ben got many people killed but I respected him more! I felt sympathy for him at times but then he just throws a tantrum again and ruins my respect for him at the time.Kate is divisive among the fanbase. I'm on the negative side. As someone who has been dumped and friendzoned oh my is she a spiteful hag about it. She is also rather desperate and her random sense of morality is annoying. You'll do weed in a car and commit infedelity but want to save Richmond?Clementine is...weirdly edgy? Had we of only just been introduced to her this season we'd all be so angry at her for the plot armour she has. There's not loads to say. Her side story with AJ was wasted to the point that no one cared.Eleanor? Way to take a good character and flip her on her head. She was SO bad in Episode 4/5 that even her Voice actress seemed to fail to grasp her emotion of the situation that contrasted so much from the first two episodes.Tripp...was alright? Like the reconciliation in Episode 5 was okay and his swearing made me laugh a bit. He was just okay.Ava was a likeable woman but there wasn't enough TIME in the episodes to flesh her out. Jane for example appeared in the same time frame and we knew her a LOT better than Ava.Conrad: Did they want a congratulations for making a determinant character survive the whole season? Well they aren't getting one because he appears for like five minutes every episode afterwards. His redemption was a start but that's it.Can we just get back to being on the road again? I don't like the communities we're in because the focus on walkers is just relegated for the gameplay segments. Season 1 excelled at making walkers a threat the whole damn game! Here? It's the stupidity of the characters that's the threat. The gameplay was so much worse. This is a point 'n' click right? Then can we explore things? Please? The difficulty needs ramping up too. I just miss the genuine horror I felt when being attacked by a walker. I felt like it was actually a threat to me.Writing: The phrase ""I DIDN'T WANT TO SAY THAT!"" came up very often from the people playing it and what was said didn't make up for it. Cheesy/attempted sarcasm/wildly different interpretation from what we assumed. If you're gonna give choices, make them say what it literally says on the choice. The infamous ""Tell him off"" choice in Episode 2 for example.Choices: I'll credit them, they followed through more on choice this season. I saw many many moments where I was like ""mm, yep that was what I chose!"" But then I realised I was paying more attention to what they coded in than the actual story stuff. We all loved that Season 1 finale, the scene with Lee cutting through a horde of walkers, the confrontation with the Stranger, and when Lee finally died. We all loved it that much we weren't too bothered about the choices because those choices immersed us whilst they were present. God damn it Carley is still by far one of the most interesting characters to date!Anyway I just wish that it wasn't focused on family, or at least how they portrayed it. Javi could've been alone and I can say we wouldn't have missed out."
76561198101339757,Not Recommended,536220,32075021,Posted: 30 May,all,Överdus,"Just finished the game and oh boy it was really bad! The first two games are amazing, full of exciting choices and tough dilemas, but this one has none of that! The story is poorly written, the plot is not interesting at all and the main characters are soo shallow! I spent most  of the game wanting to see the main character diying in the end, and also his entire family! Because they are so boring and I don't want them in the next game!The game lacks creativity in the dilemas since most of the outcomes are quite predictible. It's so easy pick an action option because the story is not good enough to make you care about the consequences.Honestly, unless there's a possible set of choices where all those boring main characters die, this game sucks.DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP PAYING THE FULL PRICE. It just doesn't worth it.1/10."
,Not Recommended,536220,32657788,Posted: 22 June,all,xSneaK,This seems like it was churned out without any effort put into the characters or storyline. The choices and outcomes are all predictable and felt hollow compared to the last two games. The animations and graphics are dated at this point causing breaks in the immersion of playing the game. Seasons 1 & 2 are better.
76561198042617573,Not Recommended,536220,32078829,Posted: 30 May,all,Tom,"I loved Season One: it helped popularize simple choose-your-own-adventure games.I loved Season Two: it was a messy but heartfelt continuation of Clementine's story.Without going into spoilers, ""A New Frontier"" distances itself from Clementine's story, but refuses to let her go completely.  This paradoxical decision makes the game feel uncommitted to its own story, which is reflected by the game's other qualities (or lack thereof).  Somehow, despite being the third installation in an award-winning series, the plot is sloppier, the writing is clunkier, the characters are less rational, and the choices are less meaningful than ever before.Ultimately ""A New Frontier"" stands at the crossroads offorgettableandinsulting.  Which one will you pick?"
,Not Recommended,536220,31685893,Posted: 11 May,all,The Grey Banana,"I bought this game at a 10% discount, due to me succumbing to instant gratification.  Was also tempted to buy, coz clem's in it.After playing it to the latest chapter, I feel it wasn't worth paying $23 for this game.  First chapter was long, so I thought it would be reflected with the rest of the story.  How f**king wrong was I.Storyline is good and all, but it's too short.  A perfect comparison of another telltale game would be the walking dead: Michonne.  Without discount, you are already paying $10 lesser for TWD Michonne, but you get the same narrative length per chapter.Conclusion:  BUY IT WHEN IT'S ON 50% DISCOUNT.  PREFERABLY WHEN IT'S $12 OR LESS.  JUST WATCH GAMEPLAY VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE IF YOU ARE CURIOUS ABOUT THE STORY.  DO NOT FALL TO TEMPTATION.******UPDATE**********I had to f**king call the pesterminator because this game is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥  Game crashed on me twice in a row.  This seriously enforces what I mentioned earlier.  BUY THIS WHEN IT'S $10 OR LESS!!!!******UPDATE**********I was so happy when episode 5 came out, but my emotions had a 180 degree turn when I was going through the shoddy storyline.  Seriously, I don't which is poorer.  The half-f**ked rushed storyline? Or the combined unemployed population of Spain and Greece.Some of the options given don't even make sense.  In the end, it seems that this game is somewhat of a walking dead season 2.5, and the next one would be season 3, where players can play as Clem.  Seriously though, I would like to reaffirm my standpoint that this game should only be bought at $10 or less."
,Not Recommended,536220,30828788,Posted: 30 March,all,Starfish,"Inexcusable wait times between episodes, frequent graphic bugs surrounding shadows and shaders, and worst of all....a pointless and unwanted attempt at photorealistic graphics, at the expense of immersive episode length, interesting, believable, and evolving characters, and a thriving plot."
,Not Recommended,536220,32443399,Posted: 15 June,all,ValkyrieShepard,"Some of the worst writing I've ever experienced. Stop. Pushing. Kate. On. Me. If you do not chose exactly what they want you to chose, none of the responses make sense. E.g.: I haven't given into her advances once, but everyone says that the two of them act like a couple. Where?? The whole game is like this and it constantly takes you out of your immersion. Best example of ""your choices don't matter"" I've seen in a long time."
,Not Recommended,536220,31097386,Posted: 12 April,all,AtomicBullet,"I tried to like this game. I really REALLY wanted to like this. But I can't.Because 1: They couldn't decide whether they wanted to be realistic or comic book-like with the art style, so it looks like they took both.2: The story is pretty predictable and uninteresting.And 3: How NONE OF YOUR DECISIONS IN THE LAST 2 GAMES MATTERS. However you shaped Clementine and what choices you made for her didn't change her at all. She's essentially the same every playthrough, besides the occasional ""oh hey remember that one minor decision you made in season one?""Overall, if you got season 1 and 2, don't bother with new frontier. You'd get more out of a let's play of it.And now, some predictions for episode 4, since the story is as predictable as the sun rising.1: Tripp and/or Eleanor will be killed off because they were taken hostage.2: Gabe will screw up in some way that gets someone killed.3: You will be forced to make the decision between killing your brother or Tripp, maybe.Update Time!*Spoilers ahead, not that they were surprising at all*So, i played ep 4, and guess what? I was *partly* right.1: Tripp is taken hostage, and he CAN die2: Gabe messes up, but you only get a stab wound3: You choose not from Tripp and David, but from Tripp or Ava.See what i meant? I had NO indication of what was going to happen, i didn't watch a lets play, and i didn't read anything on steam. But i pretty much guessed correctly.I'm really dissapointed in this game. Telltale could have done SOOOOO much better. And I didn't even get to mention the """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""Gameplay"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" that you go through. Your only interactions are through maybe 4 speech options for every scene, and quick time events. Or as i like to call them, slow time events (Patent pending). I'm fine with the occasional QTE (or even a STE), if it's done well. But this has a slow time event for the most mundane things! For seemingly no reason, the game lets you just click on an object that is RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU.  A good example of a ""STE"" is *Spoiler alert for a game from 2012* ducks death. Just watch this:https://youtu.be/ncTl-DnBx1U?t=4m46sThis is a good use of a STE because it's1) Important2) A very serious moment that you can choose the pacing of, a tiny way to show how your Lee is. (Does he immediately do it to get it over with, or does he hesitate?)3) It makes YOU pull the trigger. Not lee, YOU. YOU are pressing the button that kills him, and YOU are taking responsibilty for his death.Overall, it's a powerful moment that uses this prompt well.Compare this to New frontier, where they just make you press a button to dodge.I might be fine with all of this, but you CAN'T EVEN EXPLORE THE PLACES AROUND YOU.I counted, and there are, at least, 4 Instances where you can ""Explore"" around you. There's BARELY any problem solving, just ""Press this than this than done."" It's bad. It's REAL bad. They even give you a SLIGHT glimmer of hope that you can actually SNEAK AROUND THE CITY, but no. You know how they sneak to their safe place?Through a cutscene.With maybe 5 Dialogue choice things.https://youtu.be/BihuQ4u2w4k?t=15m55s""Hey, remember episode 2 season 1 of the walking dead, where you were hiding behind a bar stall, hoping they didn't see you? Oh, and remember THE FIRST EPISODE had you sneaking around to silently kill zombies in the motel? Yeah? Well go **** yourself.""TL;DR This game is a dissapointment and a giant middle finger from telltale. If you are VERY insistant and optimistic like i was, get it on sale. Or watch a Let's Play."
,Not Recommended,536220,30652023,Posted: 21 March,all,Big Papa Gill,"Very short episodes with a very long wait between them.Each episode feels like a flat build-up to the end-of-episode cliffhanger that disappointed in both cases.Clementine being involved doesn't even seem to rescue this as she's now the cliche 'matured too quickly due to stresses of the post-apocalypse' teenager seen already in the Walking Dead comics and TV show through Carl.This game got released over three months ago now and included episodes 1 and 2, with 3 stated to be out in 'March.' It's now March 21st and still no concrete date. (EDIT: I was corrected by a helpful comment, the release date was confirmed by the episode 3 trailer to be March 28th. That trailer was released March 10th. That's 80 days between release and announcement and 98 days between episodes. I'll let you decide for yourself if that's good enough for you.)If I could get a refund for this game I most definitely would. Not worth your time or money even if you are the biggest Walking Dead fan out there."
,Not Recommended,536220,29073821,Posted: 6 January,all,I_Wear_Jackets (Hiatus),"This game series DOES NOT adapt to the choices you make. The story is NEVER tailored by how you play.""Once again TellTale has graced us with a new Walking Dead game, Hurrah!"" Screams professional game reviewers worldwide. It seems that they have not realised Telltale's very sneaky marketing scheme of making you actually think you impact the story in anyway whatsoever. When the truth is, unfortunately, the exact opposite. Choices in this game mean absolutely nothing at all. And the whole series as a matter of fact.For example, we are presented with a nice little 'problem' in Season 2, Episode 4. (Personally I think the writers got lazy and allowed us to see this fault), Clememtine and Jane are searching for a place for Rebecca to have her baby. While searching in an abandoned 'War-Memorial-Tourist-Trap', Clementine sees a boy approach, Arno. Arno is trying to dump a bag of medical supplies in a bin. When Clem and Jane confront him he claims that there is medicine in the bag for his sick sister. Here, you are presented with a 'choice' : Take his medicine for Rebecca (Painkillers, etc) OR let him keep the supplies for his sister. If you choose to keep the supplies for Rebecca, later on, she will die in the cold during a conflict between Arno's group and your group (because Arno told his group that you stole the supplies from him). If you choose to let Arno keep the supplies for his sister, later on, Rebecca will die of being too weak after giving birth during a conflict between Arno's group and your group (because Arno told his group that you stole the supplies from him). I'm not even got get into that FIVE ENDINGS crap because I just don't care anymore.This proves the point that choices don't matter at all. But nevermind that, is the story good? Well... I mean... Ok so after building Clementine up to a be an awesome badass survivor you get... Javier, another random dude, just trying to survive with his family. Y'know, the plot of every zombie movie/tv show, I'm lookin' at you, Rock and Coral! Oh but don't worry! You can play Clementine for two minutes each episode in the form of flashbacks. -_-One of the upsides to this season is that Telltale have finally got rid of that 'robotic look' of the characters in previous entries to the series. There are new and very nice animations which telltale are not afraid to show of in combat, Javier makes old Clementine and Lee look like animatronics who glanced at a self-defense booklet in a waiting room. I mean likeWOW, if the game went for animations and cutscene direction it would get a 10/10. Due to the less 'Robotic-Look', When characters argue or talk to each other you can see the emotion on their faces and in their body language. It truly is a moving painting.So, with all this in mind, this is my final verdict for The Walking Dead: A New Frontier:Story: 4/10 (EDITED as of episode four)Animations: 10/10Character Design: 7/10 (EDITED as of episode four)Overall Quality: 6/10 (EDITED as of episode four)Rember though, you are NOT buying a game in where ""Your choices affect the story"". You are buying a story... That's it. And its an okay story at best.BTW: My favorite Telltale game is 'The Wolf Among Us'EDIT: Having just completed Episode Four and only having 6 hours in game (Not to mention 20 mins in bathroom) I must say that this game is very short. The only upside (story wise) is that you get to choose to exit the forced relationship with your brother's wife that was in the past three episodes. However, your brother will still probably miss-understand the situation just as he would if you continued the relationship, we'll just have to wait and see."
,Not Recommended,536220,29177385,Posted: 10 January,all,Kaonash1,"(ep1&2; No Spoilers) As much as I loved season 1 and 2 of TellTale's The Walking dead season 3, or ""A New Frontier"" has left me disappointed and confused. I really don't know where to start. TellTale essentially threw away all story and character development from seasons 1 and 2 by not continuing Clementine's story through her perspective( and instead just treating her like any other character). It really doesn't help that on top of a rather disappointing story I can barely run this game with decent performance however I can run witcher 3 maxed out with 60fps. very disappointed and not recommending to anyone.(SPOILERS BELOW)P.S why would they off Kenny/jane like they did ? Honestly seeing Kenny (or Jane) die like how they did, in a flashback, by a car, just really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and killed the mood for the rest of the episode.[EDIT] episode 3 [EDIT]Even after the extended wait to see what episode 3 had in store for us, it ended up being a wash. The episode itself can be recapped in detail in only a few sentences (I won't recap it here for the sake of spoilers). The most disappointing aspect of this episode to me wasn't the content, but the play time. I waited along with TWD fans for more than 2 months just to get barely over an hour's worth of content in episode 3.My statement of not recommending this game stands, and is reinforced by episode 3.[EDIT] episodes 4 and 5 [EDIT]my only real complaint with episodes 4 and 5 is about a rather odd bug I experienced but couldn't get a screenshot of. MAJOR SPOILERS->So I chose to save Tripp at the end of episode 4, resulting in his death (being the way of Joan's sick game). Later in episode 5 right after the scene on the highway overpass where Ava falls off you can see Tripp in the background walking behind the crew. I was shocked and didn't think to take a screenshot, I might try replaying later to see if I can reproduce this bug.So after the conclusion of the series I still can't reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of the first 2 TT TWD games. It was an enjoyable game, after all the character development of the first 2 episodes, but it just didn't fit in with the vibe of the first 2 seasons that have me hooked on the series. I hope if TT decides to continue this series that they go back to their roots in the first 2 seasons."
76561198032790876,Not Recommended,536220,29141965,Posted: 9 January,all,Lunarwave,Do not expect anything from the previous two seasons.It is not the same game/story.
,Recommended,536220,28508294,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Martin Papp,"review of first two episodes:As always great storytelling by telltales,  stories of season 1 and 2 are  shifted sideways as this season tells story of new main character.Story is mature, characters are not behaving irrationaly and are not annoying, which is good.Pace of story  is well between action scenes,you progress straight and no drama talking slows you down.Pasts of main  and side characters are shown very well using approach not seen in first two seasons.There might be problems with optimization, but that can be solved with addional patches.worth a price 9/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,31400758,Posted: 27 April,all,skurk1,Popular user-defined tags for this product:Zombies | Story Rich | Choices Matter | AdventureFind 2 errors
,Not Recommended,536220,30802461,Posted: 28 March,all,Spinky: The KennyS of SWAG-7™,"I liked Eps. 1 & 2 and the prior seasons. However...Ep. 3 came out today, but it was completely NOT worth the wait, I was very disappointed by it.The episodic model is only justifiable if each part has a standalone story aspect to it AND if it also creates satisfaction and anticipation for the next episode.  I felt that Ep. 1 & 2 had achieved this, but Ep. 3 was a real letdown.The events in this episode really don't advance the characters that much beyoond where the prior episode had left off with them. Moreover, the ""backstories"" about them that get filled in during Ep/ 3 were pretty much already either mostly known or else assumed, So no real surprises there. If you could completely skip Ep. 3 and instead could play Ep. 4 immediately after Ep.2, then I bet no one would even notice the gap!They should at this point just release the rest of the game, that is, Eps. 4 & 5. Dragging it out further is an awful way to treat customers. I am losing interest in what happens to the characters in the story. Who even cares which game choices are selected now? You probably won't even remember them by the time Ep. 4 is released.If I hadn't already bought the full game Season Pass, I would definitely not buy Eps. 4 or 5 after today's big disappointment."
76561198165158987,Not Recommended,536220,30818987,Posted: 29 March,all,[C&J] Josh,"I hate waiting in between episodes, Especially if we have to wait almost 4 months, just for 1 hour of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,536220,31208418,Posted: 17 April,all,SpectreStatus,"I STRONGLY recommend the first 2 seasons, they are fantastic. I can't, however, say the same for this season. It is just overall uninteresting. Most of the characters lack depth, which was a strong point in the last season. I can't seem to get attached to the characters in this one. The story is boring as hell and isn't really exciting. This game has been a really big dissapointment so far. I hope the game gets better.Edit: Episode 4 was released recently. I haven't even bothered to download the update, I haven't even finished episode 3. It is just boring. The story is just god aweful as well."
,Not Recommended,536220,31364712,Posted: 25 April,all,Sneaky,"Not the same as it used to be.- No connection to characters.- No hard dicissions.- No gameplay, you actually just watch a movie where i have to press X and B.IF they release a new ""season"" i wont buy it, but i will watch it on Youtube instead. It aint worth my money anymore. :("
,Not Recommended,536220,33245634,Posted: 4 July,all,MacCoy,"man, what a step back in terms of everything, zero worldbuilding and each episode had 1!....1 location for you to move around in and ""explore""..... and by location i mean a room sized shame of a play area with at most 2 characters to have 1 line of dialogue with.puzzles or something to do?, something to interact with? something?.barely.""The game is tailored to how you play it"".....after episode1 i started to add quotationmarks to play.i almost want to do a chart with gameplay....cutscenes and how many choices you do.average playtime for each episode was about 70 minutes.20 minute cutscene with 2 choices.....staggered cutscene where you have to hold W to play it out, and another 20 minutes of cutscenes.....wow í now have a room to walk around in and look at a bench, a chair and a window, look at window, cant reach, click on chair and cutscene plays out for another 10 minutes......another staggered animation hold W.oh my god i was jaded at the end.....i got it for 11.49€ and played it all through when it was all complete.i would have been so upset if i bought it full price and had to wait for the nothingness that was each episode.The first and second walking dead had so many interactions, world exploration, small things you did to interact with the world and characters, you changed stuff, a sense of urgency.in this.... you have nothing.....you get to do nothing.....literally nothing.id give this 1/5 stars......if it was a game and at least atempted to be compelling.if you are in the slightest interested in the story...just watch it on youtube, you will have the same experience as me, but without the dissapointment...wait scratch that....you get the dissapointment.....you just dont have to play for it."
,Recommended,536220,33418060,Posted: 9 July,all,djnapoleon,Lee :'(
76561198196909675,Recommended,536220,28497146,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Doggsen,"The Walking Dead: A New Frontier:The game will come with 5 episodes, which i played since release. If you buy the game now, youll get to play all at the same time. Youre gonna notice its shortness and yes, its the truth. It took me 7.2 hours to finish the game, which is poor compared to Season1 and 2.People forget that this is ""A new frontier"" and not season 3, so the most negative reviews are about it.Our Fan-Favourite Clementine is just a side role in the story of Javier Garcia.In my opinion this game is a 6-7/10 due to its shortness, allthough the story is good written.If you just  wanna continue the story of the Season2 ending, dont buy it.-As said the story is nice written and the characters are okay, not really intresting  but neither they're boring.You dont get into deep dialogues like season1/2, which is pretty disapponting.The fact that choices will affect the story (at least more than the others) is good and motivating cuz you play the game like the way you want.-6-7/10LET THE WAITING FOR A NEW GAME BEGIN! :p"
76561198018452627,Not Recommended,536220,28523810,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mr. Cookie,"This is the hardest review I ever made and most likely will. Lang story short though, if you love Clementine as much as I do, you will be disapointed of ANF. Clementine is reduced to a sidekick with 5min gameplay and replaced by a stereotipically guy. I never was able to bond with Javier and to top it they changed Clems attitude without me having a chance of influencing it.This story is totally off board and does not really follow Season 2. Any decission we made was meaningless in Season 1+2 and told in less then 2 min. Clearly breaking Telltales promise of meaningfull decissions.Graphic wise it really improved but has bugs for many (I didn't get any I noticed though).Storry wise it's nothing that kicked me out of my shoes, except the way they reduced Clem to a sidekick.This is no real ""Walking Dead"" impo and rather a spin off or fan base made game.Biased review is biased though and Telltale is to blame for it. Giving me the best character ever and replacing it with a stereotype wasn't anything I can aprove and theirfore it's a 3/10 with the hope for improvement."
,Recommended,536220,28564117,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Scox,"All of TTG series are great, but there is just something extra special about their Walking Dead series. I would highly suggest you play seasons 1 and 2 along with 400 days before playing this one. Port your save in and go to work. It really feels like I've been on a journey with Clem, who she was and who she is all based on choices and situations that have unfolded right before my eyes. Speaking of Clem, that would be my only suggestion. They should have stuck with Clem as the main Protagonist and not intrudced a new one whilst she was still alive. Sure she's still there, but our new guy is the main Protagonist. To me, TWD is the saga of Clementine, but the new story still works. I just would have liked it to have been written differenlty."
76561198013397733,Not Recommended,536220,31689867,Posted: 11 May,all,Trixie,I've seen fanfictions onfanfiction.netmade by 13 year olds with better writing than this trash.
,Not Recommended,536220,30295373,Posted: 3 March,all,Allen⭐,i dont want to play as this new guy i want to play as clementine again telltale please get a new writer
76561198103262532,Not Recommended,536220,29038794,Posted: 5 January,all,A decent mudfish,"i wanted to play as Clem. this was not what i thought. i dont like a new character, i cant even concentrate playing as him. this game is so much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. im gonna refund this game for the protest. you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥developer made me like this"
,Not Recommended,536220,30203206,Posted: 26 February,all,]F7C[ Kaibear [GER],"I loved Telltale's Walking Dead Games so far. But always had the feeling, that decisions are pointless. I guess this won't change any time.Now I started ANF and after 2h of playing, I have the feeling that this story is horribly written.Seriously bad written. !!!SPOILERS AHEAD!!!Examples from Ep.1 and Ep.2:- Harvier survived years in the Zombie Apocalypse. Loses weapon when he hit a smuck and gets beaten up by the New Frontier guys- New Frontier guys know that scrapyard, but appearantly don't know anything about the obvious hatch in the shack- Harviers Family can easily run around the scrapyard but the New Frontier does not get any attention of that? P.L.O.T.H.O.L.E.- When the New Frontier attacks Preston or whatever that town is called, all people die. Why?Because after 10 Minutes of shooting people get to the idea leaving their houses to see a pulled truck with Walkers inside their base, just standing around and getting eaten alive as if they never saw any walker in years of Postapocalyptia.- Kid standing infront of gate talking to main character is obviously dead. Seriously, nothing no one wouldn't expect in that scene.- People heading or driving a truck to smash your gates: Why should you bother to shoot them? F*** that.- The new frontier guy in Ep.1 does not hesitate to attack Harvier but questions the behaviour of his smuck-mate when attacking the Town? This is incosistency at its finest.- Flashback of Harvier and his brothers wife: ""Oh Harvier, I need fresh start blahblahblah"" ""Hold my hand blahblahblah"". Harvier: ""She will leave you!"" - ♥♥♥♥♥: ""I am married! That's for life"". Seriously? Worse than every god damn B-Budget Soap Opera.I just played 2h and I am freaking filled with this bad written garbage. Telltale, you are loosing your USP with♥♥♥♥♥♥stories like that. What happened to your writers team? To many people from the first game left the company? Than hire new instead of keeping writers, which are responsible for this piece of crap.Lastly Telltale, get rid of this messed up Up-Selling/Cross-Selling stuff. I have TWD Season 1 still you ask me if I like to purchase it. Are you nuts?And the Skybound sign up stuff is grinding my gears. FFS, I don't want to have that. I paid good money for your game and you bombard me with ads. I seriously think this will be my last game from you.EDIT: Episode 3 ReleaseOkay, Episode 3 has been released and I played it now.Still a ton of inconsistency but let me tell you, that at least the end or last half of the new episode is fun and entertaining. SPOILERS AHEAD!Installed. Still getting annyoing up-selling/cross-selling ads of skybound. Still being asked to obtain Michonnes game, even though I already own that. Fine. Good play, mo-focking Telltale. Well played. That is target marketing at it's god damn best. If you like to have proper targeting, get me a notice, I like to send you my CV.There is this flashback scene of Harvier and Kate. They are in the suburbs and scavange. Then they have a talk and leave their home. No herd or anything near them. Just a walker boy they killed before. Let me ask you: Would you leave your base in the middle of the night when there is no urgent threat? Possibly no. If your name is Havier and Kate, you will risk the lifes of everyone and do that!So they are in Richmond, there are the TNF shenanigans blahblah David blahhblahblah Family stories. Quite ok so no critizing here.But apparently Gabe, David's son is a bi***, telling David everything but missing the fact TNF guys killed his sister. Yes. Something you probably forget in the hurry.David talks to Havier, Havier talks to David, saying they left the house because it was overrun. I don't exactly know by whom it was overrun but I highly assume it's a dou-che called Havier and a fem-douch-e called Kate. There were no walkers around. I just assume in the writting and designing process this scene looked different in the early drafts and changed over time. So quality assurance - if existing anymore at Telltale - messed it up.In some scene the animations do really seem... scary. I often observe the mimics of the characters do not have proper cheek-movement, which makes them really really static.Word-Fights, thrown out of the city. Hearing a walkers noise picking up a map, showing the path should be clean. Maybe someone placed a loudspeaker somewhere. Checked on my list. Loud-speaker pranks are working in post-apocalyptia. Check on my list!blahblah later Walkers to kill. Nice. They just spawned in front of the groups eyes (when they are headed to go to the warehouse!). Spawning walkers with god's ability to be omnipresent. Alright, checked on my list.This is for story inconsistency. The rest of the story is finally quite ok compared to the mess we were served in episode 1 and 2. Especially the warehouse part, where you have the opportunity to kill some people felt great. I just noticed the beast within me. I just enjoyed to pop up the head of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the baseball bat and killing that guy with a bullet. It just felt like a great moment.The end is keeping me... questioning who is the puppet master now. So excited for that at least.In terms of story I really want Telltale to introduce the comics characters like Rick and maybe Michonne to the story and also have the comics to introduce the games characters. They teased the Kingdom in this episode and I want more of that. Having the comics come alive and playable is a big opportunity for everyone: The money-addicted brand♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Kirkman and Telltale Games.But what about the rest of this episode? There is one thing where I just ask myself and YOU Telltale, what the heck you were thinking of. Throwing us into playable moments within a lot talking (you basically do nothing in this episode, exect pressing Q and E) just to have one single opportunity to click something.This is for picking up a propane gas cannister at the beginning and some point later I can't remember. Combined with ridicoulus ""Where is the north star"" play, where every other option is stated as wrong so you can't go any other direction.Story keeps up growing. But there are still no differences in choices. The gameplay is uterly bad in this episode. As an interactive movie: 7/10. As a game: 3/10. There were better gameplay mechanics in Telltale games before.Still not recommending to buy it."
,Not Recommended,536220,32193250,Posted: 4 June,all,Jmac,this one was pretty mediocre
,Not Recommended,536220,31379135,Posted: 26 April,all,Celebrimbor,"Don't buy this game if you loved the first and the second.Telltale is too much worried about launching games after games and leaving behind the series that brought them to the spotlights with that VGA GOTY.This game is wrong in everysingle way, all characters are poorly developed (except Clem), the history does NOT change by your decisions (just some little things), everything you choose does not matter, the game is linear and will happen the way the DEVS made it.The story is bad, full of boring flashbacks, and fast action with no chance to do a thing.This series is doomed by it's own makers.Telltale is now a company that has a new moto ""quantity over quality""They've launched EP 1 and 2 together, then after MONTHS, they released EP3 that takes you 1 and a half hour to finish (and you don't do much), and after the ♥♥♥♥ed up mistake with EP3, they threw at us EP4 after 3~4 weeks in a hurry to save their game (which they didn't).So TL;DR: Don't buy it, it's not worth your money, just stick with Season 1 and 2 (and fantasy out what happened to Clem after what you chose in S2)."
76561198067329988,Not Recommended,536220,32455879,Posted: 15 June,all,AcidAssasin360,Storyline is basic and the Telltale Game genre gives the impression of control in a game that has barely likeable characters. It is a pale comparison to its other counterparts.
,Not Recommended,536220,32162408,Posted: 3 June,all,TeehuBrum,"Its hard to recommend this game. The game portrays a ok-at best story, but the character development ruined it for me.  I came to this game with a fresh mind and bought the season pass on day 1. Episode 1 and 2 were ok and REALLY short for the price. They took about 1 hour for both episodes to complete. No wonder they put them together on day 1. Some characters are extremely under developed and there is something about this game that kinda seems off to me. It seems really rushed or something. I cant really put it to words. Some characters just act unrealistically stupid*SPOILER*There is a scene where Eleanor in episode 4 where you attempt to save her friend after her semi-betraying you. The friend dies anyway and she gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you for someone you killed 3 episodes ago and even blames you for killing her friend. Its lazy character development and she is never seen again in the ending or the rest of the episode.Actually the entire ending of this season is extremely weak. I cried for the ending of season 1 where you had to decide the fate of the ♥♥♥♥ing character you played as while playing as the person you took care of the entire game. I was literally crying at the end of season 1.Season 2 was a little weaker but still brought tears in my eyes when I had to say goodbye to Kenny to stay safe with AJ.Season 3 is just extremely weak with no emotional ending, and it didnt even end on sad or hopeful note because Clementine ♥♥♥♥ing knows where AJ is, there is no tension or anything.Unlike others though, I liked the character of Javi. He has a hard time and goes through some hard times but alot of other characters are once again very lazily written.Another problem is how characters appear and coincidentaly appear and the pacing is sooo off. In episode 4 your brother is in great danger, but you somehow have enough time to talk to Clem about periods.To finish off, Get this game if you are a fan of the other 2 but dont expect a great new addition to the TWD games."
76561198061141563,Not Recommended,536220,32896074,Posted: 27 June,all,Goreking,"Lets start by making things clear, it is a decent game, HOWEVER in my eyes this game is complete garbage compared to the other ones.Lets start with this, just like this sentence, the game is very short.If you are thinking ""A new walking dead game, sweet"" you are not wrong but my god are you not getting what you are probably expecting. The whole ""Walking Dead"" thing is like a side thing that is going on. What this game should really be called is ""The Walking reality tv with zombies"", the whole outbreak thing feels like it is completely forgotten while the main focus is on the main family arguing with each other over and over again about the same things.They try wayyy too hard to match your character with Kate through the entire game, and because I really hated how she acted in the start I ALWAYS took the answer that would go against her because I really disliked her. Did it matter?NOPE, It was like I was siding and defending her through the entire game, With what I did/said towards her she should hate me but nope, forced into romance at every possible moment and there was nothing I could do, even when a big choice came up nothing changed even tho I picked the option that would make her sad.Now lets talk writing, the last episode is awful, its like they just picked up someone from the street and had them write it. One scene in particular really made me mad, I really disliked Gabe so when a conversation came up where I could completely make him feel like garbage togheter with another character I did, HOWEVER all of a sudden my character starts talking back and defends Gabe, WTF?!?! When I said its like they picked someone from the streets I wasnt kidding, there are SOO many movie clichés that you have seen a hundred times that you just start getting annoyed because you already know what is about to happen because you have seen it before.Graphical glitches everywhere. The previous games havent exactly been bug free. However this one is on a whole new level. For example, you get the choice to tie a character up, if you tie his hands the next scene will have him walking with his hands free while if you dont his hands will be tied. Teleporting characters and awfull looking zombies, lets just say it ruins the immersion.Not much happened leading to me not caring about anyone, so when something actually happened it always was wayy to much and I didnt care about anyone because the game did not give me a reason to care. I dont think I cared about anyone dying in this game, which made me just make the choices that would hurt the people I hated the most instead of prioritizing everyones safety, which is not a good thing in a game like this, EXCEPT that NOTHING came of it...Throwing us into the middle of a story instead of going from the beginning leads us to not care about any of the new characters because we dont know them, we only get told by the game what to think about them.Remember the ending of the second season? Doesnt matter what ending you got, if Clem was togheter with someone at the end they just kill that character in a really stupid way in a 30 second flashback and never mention them again.WE MET KENNY AND CLEM AT ALMOST THE EXACT SAME TIME SO HE IS A PRETTY BIG CHARACTER BUT NOO, LETS JUST KILL HIM IN A 30 SECOND CAR CRASH FLASHBACK BECAUSE WE ARE DONE WITH HIM NOW.WTF?!?!?!Really dissapointed in this game, if you want ""The Walking Dead"" dont buy this, if you just want a telltale game taking place in TWD universe then go ahead."
76561198118398972,Not Recommended,536220,32109757,Posted: 1 June,all,_Miinus_,"This game took everything I had in my soul and broke it.I love The Walking Dead; I love Telltale, but damn if this game isn't garbage.Everything I wanted this game to be happens off-screen and everything I don't care about is this entire game.The characters are unlikeable, the Quick time events are dumb and feel unnecessary and the puzzles are.. not there at all there are no puzzles anymore.♥♥♥♥♥♥just kinda happens. Everything that would have been fun to control is a cutscene and there is never a real sense of danger. This game makes death uninteresting. In Walking Dead 1 and 2 the game makes us fall is love with Clementine and in this one she's barely even on screen. Sometimes she has little flashbacks where you do get to play as her, but there's like 3 of those in the whole game. Despite being uhnlikeable the characters are also forgettable and they barely do anything. In 1 and 2 everyone was always moving around, but in this game there's like 2 locations; And the Plot takes place over like 5 days! And it's not even good!Telltale tried very hard to make sure this game isn't too similar to Season 2, but they just took everything that was good about 1 and 2 and left it out. The only good invention is these ""debate sections"" (???) where you have to convince a lot of people that you're a good guy and you only get one chance. (Similar to the Kate Marsh scene in Life Is Strange)If you like or love Walking Dead: playing this game might break your heart unless your standards are really low, but it sure is getting into ""so bad that it's good"" territory. If that  doesn't seem fun to you invest your money in something else."
,Not Recommended,536220,33014689,Posted: 29 June,all,JJD,"If you thought Telltale learned anything from Season 2, think again. This is just a rehashed S2 with new unlikable characters.Clementine's story advances about 5%, the rest is about the new characters no one cares about. The only thing you're missing by not getting this game is Clementine's disasterous haircut at the end. Speaking of the end, the ending is no where near S1 or S2. The closest thing to emotion you will feel is confusion after saying ""That's it?""."
,Not Recommended,536220,33128534,Posted: 2 July,all,Scarlet Manuka,"This third season of Telltale's TWD was pathetic. Every turn was met with hyperbolic reaction to events that didn't happen and the suspense was marred by cliche. The first two episodes were average, but the last three episodes were farcical. I recommend people to watch playthroughs on Youtube instead of playing, save your money for something more worthwhile.*EDIT: Will admit, Jesus riding a horse with a sword was pretty badass."
,Not Recommended,536220,31027997,Posted: 8 April,all,eXceLon,"I've long been a fan of Telltale games and their Walking Dead series in particular.  However the quality has taken a severe nosedive and I can no longer justify purchasing any more of their games.They broke the previously reliable Steam Cloud saving, and added their own cloud which doesn't work.  The game completely lost my save state after the first episode, so I replayed episode one and two.  Then it forgot my save state again, when they released episode three.They are competely unresponsive to support requests, with weeks going by without a response."
,Not Recommended,536220,32076684,Posted: 30 May,all,Alchemist_T,"Considering the first TWD game being the masterpiece TWD:ANF is so painfully average it hurts. Everything is so half-baked  I don't even know the good things i should point out to begin with.I don't mind creating some kind of a ""different"" story revolving around people cities and strongholds 7 years after the Z-day. I don't mind changing the protagonist. I don't mind experimenting the pace of the game. But you have to do these things right goddammit. And that's the reason I am disappointed.The story is super average. I cannot even think about any kind of great plot twist or any kind strong/emotional moment. Mildly annoying family theme (The only reason is bad writing! Not me being a sociopath), super tightly forced lovestory and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ actions of certain characters. So basically the story is boring with nothing to really keep you invested. Even the appearance of beloved Clementine didn't really do much. She is kinda there to kickstart the plot in the first episode and that's it.  ""Hey guys! We have some Clem here! Yay. Enjoy...""The characters are lifeless and cardboard to the max. And again that's the result of really bad writing because every single person in the game is underdeveloped. it is if creators either didn't have time to breathe more life into the lifeless shells or they just didn't even bother. Seems like all this extra time was spent to create more mediocore action scenes. Sigh.The dialogues are simply terrible. And it is not about voice acting (wich is good as always) but rather about its contents (again terrible writing and I see a pattern here).The new graphics are good tho. Some action scenes were good. Multiple endings that don't really make any significant difference but worth mentioning.  But it is not enough. I want my TWD series filled with memorable characters and memorable scenes and moments and that's why ANF falls flat in every single major aspect. TWD should not be dedicated to the adventures of generic good guy with a tough past who saves the day. Not like this.By the way there are five episodes about 80 minutes each.TLDR. Boring and barely worth experiencing.Make Telltale Games games Great Again!"
,Not Recommended,536220,32266607,Posted: 8 June,all,sexually transmitted demon,"While I do like the new protagonist I cannot reccomed this game in the few hours I have played this game I have suffered through freezes, graphical errors and after all that getting my save files deleted twice. I even used cloud sync but the files have dissapered from that place aswell even though I can see the choices I have made on the TTG website."
,Not Recommended,536220,32276620,Posted: 8 June,all,Fr Shitposter [TnT],"Bad writing and a total fail to give us emotional moments or any surprises in the senario.I was hoping for a good last episode at least so it can save the rest of the season, but man that was a bad ending. At the end of the season one I tried my hardest not to cry at the end of season two I cried like a baby (kenny is a true hero just think about it). But NF, the ending made me laught, it was rushed, and you cant help to think that every character is either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or totally deserved the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situation they are in, also DID I MENTION THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ WRITING. The death of characters outside the main cast feel like a joke and main character dying are either badly brought or the bad animation and bugs just kill everything you had left of empathy. Also incoherences dont help.At first the season was interesting then it became a rollercoaster of failure. Even without comparing it to the other title of the series it is not good. Not worth its price, sorry telltale but you made a bad game this time."
,Not Recommended,536220,33239807,Posted: 4 July,all,在屎地姆捡垃圾,"Only bought this game on sale for Clementine. Plz make Clementine the main character again.Most characters were just pain in the♥♥♥♥♥all the time or became one finally, which makes the gameplay sort of unpleasant.Though I understand players' choices in game don't really matter much, plz at least present a better story in the next season( or even a S3 dlc)."
,Not Recommended,536220,32112902,Posted: 1 June,all,fuwafoowa,"The first two seasons of Telltale’s The Walking Dead were incredible. Irrefutable masterpieces. They made me feel things I didn’t even know I could. Whereas during “The New Frontier” I didn’t feel anything the entire duration. They pushed the main character and storyline into the background for no apparent reason. Instead we got dull characters with zero depth. A world which doesn’t feel real. Almost every aspect of the story and dialogue is unbearably forced. They killed off one of my most beloved character in a quick flashback sequence. A flashback sequence. The scenario during the flashback was completely silly too, and I just… It makes me so sad to write this because of how much I loved the first two seasons. I went into this wanting to like it so badly too. Unfortunately, I don’t think there’s anything Telltale can do to come back from this. The damage to the story has already been done."
,Not Recommended,536220,32916564,Posted: 28 June,all,CosmicLatte,"Boring plot, short episodes, awful characters that have zero character development or arc, a TON of pointless love triangles, 99% cutscenes, and choices that cater to a character you don't even play as. Do not waste your time with this lousy attempt at a sequel."
,Not Recommended,536220,34580546,Posted: 29 August,all,Truculent,There never seems to be the right answer. A step down from the previous games.
,Not Recommended,536220,32071465,Posted: 30 May,all,UusTelltale,"If you played Season 1 and 2, don't waste your time and money for this and if you didn't, go play Season 1+2."
,Not Recommended,536220,32218398,Posted: 6 June,all,Michael Elboim,"I can't believe I paid money for this. This is not Season 3 of the Walking Dead, but rather a very disappointing side-story.Although Javi is a fun character and I like him, I didn't like any of the other characters, and all of them felt like a bunch of idiots who just force themselves into trouble for the sake of pushing the story forward in an unnatural way.This game is shorter than the first two seasons, it's boring, like always the choices don't really matter, and the writing is so bad I just can't believe I finished it, holding myself not to drop it and watch the rest on YouTube. Characters can say one thing, and in the next sentence say something completely contradictory, like every scene in the game was written by a different person.This is a drag that no one should go through. Do yourself a favor and skip this one. Clem is also not a main character this time, so if you liked the first two seasons you won't miss a thing."
,Not Recommended,536220,32686932,Posted: 23 June,all,Stripes [Shitposter],"I was thrilled about seeing Clementine after I started playing. However, the direction they chose to take with her is a bit bizarre. From what I could gather, clementine is basically the same character no matter which choices you made in the last seasons. If there are differences, they are too small to even notice. Why doesn't she play a bigger role anyway? Back in the first season Clem was setup as this amazing character and in season 2 she had to make difficult and horrible decisions. This could've been used in this Season to modify what Clementine does in certain situations.The first season was a masterpiece,the second was flawed, but still decentThis one is still walking dead, but kind of feels bland.Only buy it if you really really like walking dead, have a few hours to kill and its about 50% off."
,Not Recommended,536220,31514652,Posted: 2 May,all,olivia,"This review is for the first four episodesI bought this game the day it came out, and was very dissapointed. I decided to give it some time to see if it got any better, but I've just finished episode four and it hasn't.ConsThe episodes are way too short compared to the first two seasons, and it makes everything feel rushed. There was also an incredibly long wait between episode two and episode three, which makes no sense considering how short the episode is.There's not enough character development this season. In the first episode, you're thrown at a bunch of people you've never met. All the characters are very dull and boring, and they stay that way. I simply don't care about the characters, whereas I loved almost everyone in the first two seasons.The story is mediocre, and as I said before it feels rushed. The storyline starts to pick up a bit in episode four, however.Major decisions made in season two have no impact, besides short flashbacks.Whoever you ended up with at the end of season two is killed in a three minute flashback. Their deaths are completely out of character and fail to upset you. After the flashback I wasn't sad, only angry.There are several misleading dialogue options in the game, and you can never tell what tone of voice Javi will have when you're making a dialogue selection.No rewind.The interactions betweenJavi and Kateare incredibly awkward, andit feels as though you're forced to be involved with Kate romantically.Clementine is only playable in flashbacks. I was under the impression that she would be a normal playable character but she wasn't. She also feels very generic this season, which is sad. She's pushed to the side until she's needed, otherwise she's just kinda there.ProsJavi is very likable, though I felt weird at first since he's new.Javi has an interesting family dynamic.David turned out to be a lot more interesting than I had originally thought.There was a nice, emotional flashback in episode four. It was a nice change of pace.The new graphics look great, and the models are amazing.TWD:ANF would've made a nice standalone game, but most players are fans of the first two seasons."
76561197965471812,Not Recommended,536220,32278222,Posted: 8 June,all,Faaip,Random game crashed. Random graphical bugs (episode 3). An entire episode with graphical glitches where pillars of.....something....shoots right out of the chest of the main character. Played the first sesasons without any problems except the occational cloud save / local files conflict. But this is kind of a deal breaker.
,Recommended,536220,28548841,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jess ☾,"9/10 Lots of Clementine, but not enough."
,Not Recommended,536220,31417694,Posted: 28 April,all,Greta,"Way too short. approx. 1-1,5 hours per episode while you play 4 hours per episode in TWDS1.Also mediocre story with this new main character named Javi, Clem is just a side character now."
,Not Recommended,536220,32071527,Posted: 30 May,all,HowsItHangingItsMeJason,"The Walking Dead season 1 was engaging and filled with meaningful choices.The Walking Dead season 2 felt less meaningful but left me in tears anyway.The Walking Dead season 3 felt bland and left me wondering if my choices even changed anything.The game is meh, it's just meh...Except maybe Gabe... Gabe was cool"
,Not Recommended,536220,32074700,Posted: 30 May,all,little miss communism ☭ ☠,"Ok, I feel like this season off the walking dead was a bit of a let down for me. As in my opinion and many others, I was hoping for a sequel to the second game with the choices from the last game put into the third game but no.. telltale give us a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mexican family that no one cares about. The game has a half harted feel to it with poor voice acting in certian places, bad textures and scenery and the choices dont feel like they matter in this game.The thing I hate most in this game is.. GABE! that little♥♥♥♥♥♥is annoying as ♥♥♥♥, no one wants to see a dumb chinless pre pubescent horny teen who thinks hes invincible. I hate playing as Jhavi or whatever his name is. I think most of us wanted to play as AJ, Clem, Kenny or jane.Also the flashbacks in the game are terrible the old characters in it are done half hartedly and look horrible.Overall I think this is a half harted game that needs to be replaced with a proper season 3 with a carryon from season 2 instead of these mexican wall jumping muppets.But if you dont care about the story of the game or how much effort was put into the game then this is for you."
,Not Recommended,536220,32132954,Posted: 2 June,all,Volgan,"Wish I could rate this neutral as I didn't think it was bad game, but definitely not TTG greatest. The first episode was really strong, and the other episodes quickly fall off with obvious forced story choices that make your personal choices not really matter. Mechanically, and graphically the game is one of TTG best. But the TTG""choice""problem is very obvious with this game, in ex. kill this guy, or don't but he will still die right there. As for the story, Javi(main character) never really evolves, and has a very few angry moments(if you choose), which is frustrating as my choices should made him act way different. Really liked the other Walking Dead games this just feels disappointing in comparison."
,Not Recommended,536220,32886760,Posted: 27 June,all,noxteryn,"What a waste of money. Short, poorly written, loaded with technical issues like glitches and savegame corruption (had my entire Season progress wiped twice), characters constantly say and do things you would never agree with, plot is contrived and forced, with conversations not giving you the option of saying certain things that would resolve most situations. Also, contrary to what was heavily advertised, Clementine is barely in the game, and her personality is so inconsistent with her backstory that it might as well be another person. They probably wrote the script first without her in it and then tacked her on as a marketing ploy. Utter disappointment.If you enjoyed Clementine's journey in the first two seasons, just do yourself a favor and pretend that the story ended then. Otherwise, you'll get to meet a Clementine that is a selfish, irrational, annoying, stupid bίtch."
,Not Recommended,536220,29046912,Posted: 5 January,all,Darth S.A.M.,"Not saved after first time I played almost all of the first episode. Refunded. I'll watch the walkthrough on YouTube.P.S. Fan of the series. Finished all the other games. Same saving error happended in ""Michonne"", but it was close to the beginning and I finished the game without turning it off once more."
,Not Recommended,536220,29587115,Posted: 30 January,all,parrk,"Man, after season 1 and 2 I thought for sure season 3 would be just as good. Season 2 came out about 3 years ago and really improved on the series.Will revise after playthrough now that the game is actually released."
76561198006264407,Not Recommended,536220,31112161,Posted: 13 April,all,Krombopulos Michael,"well i bought this thinking it was awesome as ♥♥♥♥.. played it even thinking so for a while, once some ads started to pop up i got a little annoyed especially becuase some of them were for episodes i already own.I am sitting here asking myself why i bought an unfinished game, there was nothing about this being a pre-purchase, so there was nothing leading me to believe it was unfinished... played 3 out of 5 episodes so far, the other 2 are ""coming soon""the other 2 seasons were by far better.. And alot more lengthy it seems. im sure glad i had all my saved data from the previous seasons so that... oh wait it literally doesnt even matter. so dont worry if you lost your files and had to make a random back story, non of it mattered anyways. in 3 out of the 5 episodes so far, there are only a few brief lines of dialogue about your season 1-2 ventures. and again that doesnt happen till Clem shows back up. i was going to say spoiler but come on she is on the cover.As of right now i wouldnt buy it.... its not even finished... total buzzkill to an already slowly downward spiraling game. the last 2 episodes better get pretty awesome for this review to change"
76561198203099629,Not Recommended,536220,32305616,Posted: 9 June,all,Sarabellatrixx,You ♥♥♥♥ed up majorly Telltale.
,Not Recommended,536220,32825289,Posted: 26 June,all,Pharaoh,"Season 1 - 12 hoursSeason 2 - 10 hoursSeason 3 - 7 hoursThis is unacceptable. The story is definitely not as good as the last two. It is way too short, it's very predictable. You hardly play as clementine. Season 4 better have a longer story and be more in line with seasons 1 and 2."
,Not Recommended,536220,31129745,Posted: 13 April,all,Rectum Ruiner,this game makes me cringe
,Not Recommended,536220,32070340,Posted: 30 May,all,gary,"Many times I'd miss dialogue options cause I was on my phone. The story was uninteresting and pretty bland, as though the writers followed a story template; and dialogue would get pretty horrible at times. It was considerably shorter than the previous seasons, which deosn't help at all.I get that season 1 and 2 set the bar high, but damn they could of alteast tried to jump for it.Waited for the last episode incase my opinion might change, but needless to say it didn't.6/10 wouldn't buy again."
,Not Recommended,536220,32214968,Posted: 6 June,all,Bepo,"I already made a rant on the forums about this, but I'll put it in the review. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GMAE TO ANYONE WHO HAS PLAYED THE TWO LAST ENTRIES.I'll explain why in a few topics:Deaths: Deaths are thrown left and right without any sensiable reason for them. Let's start with Jan--Oh SPOILER ALERT..Ahem..Jane and Kenny's death at the start (Depends on if you went with either, solo, or stayed at that snowcastle♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now I am all for killing off main characters, but here, the reasons and circumstances are lazier than the average depiction of an american. Kenny is paralyzed/has his legs broken in a car crash, whereafter he is devoured by walkers, whilst drawing them away from Clementine. Haleluja, he saved us. Oh wait, he died. The one character we've bonded with for...3 seasons, dies, in a car crash, at the start.Okay now let's head over to our next contestant. It's....Janeeee!Do you guys remember how in the game, Jane is shown as a badass who does not take no for an answer and does whatever in her right to protect those she loves, and she is no coward? Yeah that's why we loved her, right? No? You loved her because she is a coward who commits suicide after finding out she is pregnant with Luke's child, which never was mentioned during the ENTIRETY of Season 2, as far as I can remember.SHE ♥♥♥♥ING HANGS HERSELF AFTER FINDING OUT, AND THEN CLEMENTINE IS FORCED TO SHOOT HER. YEAH. DOESN'T THAT SPEAK FOR ITSELF?!?!?!!?Okay, so now we've got those deaths out the way, let's hop unto the maingame. Now the two examples I really want to show here are: Ava, and Tripp. I ♥♥♥♥ing love Ava, she could probably hop unto my favourites lists, because she reminds me so much of Jane, just more badass and sexier.Okay, now listen up guys, you remember how Ava was potrayed as a character who was ALWAYS cautious, and never, ever let her guard down? No? She is just a dumbass who walks out on a ledge and is sneak attacked by a..Ahem...Zombie. Yes. A zombie. Not shot, not stabbed, a zombie sneak attacked her ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥ This is made worse by the fact that Tripp, who is a less cautious person, manages to throw that SAME ZOMBIE off of a ledge, but dies to an onslaught of zombies (I can understand the circumstances of that death, seeing as they saw a lot of zombies earlier, that they neglected to do anthing about) But the idea is still the same. They are expandable characters, like Alvin, like Rebecca, like Luke and like ♥♥♥♥ing everyone who does not have the name Clemen-♥♥♥♥ing-tine.They may as well carry a sign that says ""Kill me for emotional affect"" Because that's what they're for. This is not forgetting the aftermath of their deaths, which lasted approximently 3 seconds and then the game went on like before.Now I do want to mention that the ending allowed for a bit of flexibility, in that, you could kill ♥♥♥♥ing Gabe and David off, and get with your lover. Isn't that sweet? Oh, I almost forgot, the headshot Marianna or whatever her name is. Yeah, she is the one character you may actually like as a decent human, instead of Gabe, who, first after a few episodes, begins to become decent. He is still braindead though""LETS SAVE MY DAD!!!"" ""We can't, there is like a ♥♥♥♥ing patrols going around"" ""I WANNE SAVE MY ADADADADADADADADADAADADADAD""And this goes on a few times before he ♥♥♥♥s up and get Gonzales--I mean Javier stabbed.Point 2: The direction of the gameNow I'd like to mention something else. During the entire game, it won't allow you to take logical decisions that would clear up an arguement. I've had times where I could easily in my head, think of a solution to a problem, but the choices never allowed for it. It has the same linear problem, in that, you have to follow a certain yellow brick road, and can only venture so far off before the game says ""Woah woah woah, is that fun you're having? Nah nah, not in my house""Now the direction is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ You go to siphon gas and the new frontier realise what you are doing. Now in my head I'm thinking I'll say: ""Okay, I'm sorry, I didn't know it was yours. How about I, and my family get back into our van and leave? The gas is all there"" But no, the game wants us to be mysterious, so ♥♥♥♥ing max or whatever his name is searches for our family, and we are FORCED, to attack Lonnie, who I found decent, up until he betrayed us when David gets his rank revoked. So you're captured, and driven in a truck. Here you meet another guy who seems decent but dies of an infection later on in the game. Clementine ♥♥♥♥ing destroys the truck with a tree she cuts, and you are left with the choice to kill that guy or not. Clementine scolds you for either choice, like that makes any sense, and you two becomes friends after a while. But what-ho? She wants her own van to drive?Badabababababa..Here comes another plot-trouble, as I like to call them:CLEMENTINE'S VAN: Clementine parades around how she wants to get a van, and once we get back to the automobil place and realise it's busted, she simply tags along. Yeah, her plan was to get a new van, but she keps going with us. What makes it worse is that once we get to the doctor in episode 5, and he tells us where AJ is, SHE STILL GOES WITH US. EVEN WHEN HER MAIN OBJECTIVE THIS ENTIRE TIME WAS TO GET. ♥♥♥♥ING. ALVIN THE CHIPMUNK JUNIOR.Wadafaq?I don't wanne say a lot more about the direction, because it's honestly so horrible you need to (Play the game)Watch a youtuber play the game.Point 3: The charactersNow I wanne give credit to Tell-a-tale, they did kind of great on Gabe. You begin off with hating him horribly, and you end up hating him only a little horribly.David continues to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ until he dies, whereafter he is hailed as a hero for his efforts in saving his son, mind you, Gabe still dies in my playthough.Now I don't wanne continue to list the characters, because it's going to be the same crap, so I'll give a few that I found have changed and seemed to be great!...Err....Uh...Hm...There's..Jesus?..But like he is from another universe and serves only to be a cockblock for Javier for any gay players..OH, Kate, that's right! Kate changes...Not at all throughout the story but she does happend to be a character you kinda enjoy being around. Same as Ava, rest in peace. Both of these characters end up being great, and when the execution-scene rolled around, I purposely killed off Tripp by choosing Tripp when I found out the choice would kill the person and save the other. Sadly, she still dies stupidly.¨Eve is a ♥♥♥♥♥ too. She thought the best course of action was to expalin our whole coup to the ♥♥♥♥ing leader, who I chose to shoot in the head afterwards. Even so, she still puts you with the choice to redeem her, after she..Well the only thing she had done throughout the entire game was stitching my ♥♥♥♥ing eyebrow and cockblock me. So  yeah, of course, PSYKE.Now I know that most characters in these games end up being shallow, but I wish it was like season 1We had mother♥♥♥♥ing Omid, OOOOMIIIID. ""You destroyed that dude's face"" I miss him more than I miss Denmark being the happiest country in Europe..Damn you dinkleberg(Sweden/Norway)I mean Season 1 did have shallow characters for sure, but most were loveable. Omid, Lee, Kenny and that crazy broad who shoots herself. Good times.Point 4: My opinion+I can't write more because of the limitations of the review system. Damn you SteamI think the game is horrible. I have played season 1 on other consoles and have season 2 on my mobil. Yeah..Don't buy it, it's like the worst parts of the two seasons, coupled with Transformer level thought behind the story.-DON'T BUY-Sorry for the long review, I love banter."
,Not Recommended,536220,33362426,Posted: 7 July,all,BlackSymmetry,"First two episodes were great, the introduction to the new characters was seamless and we get right into the jist of things. However, the next few episode were so bad and buggy, filled with filler crap and boring segments, with really bad pacing and story development. They clearly rushed the game out to consumers, since it was filled with game-breaking bugs and save file glitches. I cannot recommend this game since you wil pay 20$ for about 5-6 hours. Buy the other two instead."
76561198168000752,Not Recommended,536220,28499193,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,dead ringer,Telltale you could do better than that.Done with last eps.We really need a meh for steam really.pls telltale dont ♥♥♥♥ up the next season!!
,Not Recommended,536220,28579530,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,✪ GOD DOG,"Telltale looks loyal fans in the eyes in this installment, leans in close and whispers ""♥♥♥♥ you"" Your choices do NOT matter, they took the complaints from the other games and Season 2 and made it WORSE. Do not recomend in the current state."
,Not Recommended,536220,28717314,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ms Law,"A good Telltale Game, but not a good Walking Dead.So disappointed :("
,Recommended,536220,32200969,Posted: 5 June,all,JaCkYJ0J0,Good story! but this game will never beat Season 1 :)Because they're focussed on the Garcia family that's why most of it feld like it didn't matter :/You'll see once u play it because it doesn't really look like a continuation of Season 2hopefully they make it better when Season 4 comes out7/10 A New Frontier
,Not Recommended,536220,29070234,Posted: 6 January,all,{AV} Neroes,I got 2 hours out of 2 episodes which means this is a game that you wont come back to and will spend 25 dollars on to get 5 hours of lazy storytelling is a waste of money.
76561198080954370,Not Recommended,536220,29976422,Posted: 16 February,all,Daasl,"Still not too sure about season 3 yet, I think Javier is a decent character and the dynamic with his family is interesting for sure but outside of that everything feels rushed. Secondary characters have little to no development and Clem and the way the endings of season 2 were handled feel really cheap. Will have to see if the rest of the season can save it."
,Not Recommended,536220,29075152,Posted: 6 January,all,✪ Neqpwn ツ,Good game for refund after 2hrs gameplay.
,Recommended,536220,28699653,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MDuh,"oh hell yea, the graphics in season 3 makes it better to look at and it's more 3D-ish compared to the paper mario graphics on season 1 and 2.The length time of the episodes are shorter than S1 and S2 but this is because there are less downtime on the game. What I meant was there are less walking and going around on the map. I like the direction that this is going since it's following the evolution of the walking dead TV series where the early season was a grind to watch with all the lengthy non-impactful dialogues, and slow paced story telling. Now the episodes are more compressed, action packed and the dialogues conveys more story and content. Also dat cliffhanger on the end of ep.2,  hhooooweee damn that's nice.Anyways, you do not play as clem but her storyline is still tightly connected with the protagonist that you are playing atm. We might see a breaking off a little bit with clem on ep3 judging on the later events on ep2.Also it's quite funny how telltale is really trying hard us to make a 2nd save file to see all the silly choices against clem. As usual this is telltale, your choices will probably doesn't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wish at the end they make a plottwist where being loyal to clem, even though she is morally wrong(nice try on the seller on Prescott telltale, but that was weak) will actually have some consequences on the ending."
,Not Recommended,536220,32099860,Posted: 31 May,all,Grandlad,Just watch it on youtube.
,Not Recommended,536220,32624203,Posted: 21 June,all,Spaghetti_Penguin,HahahahahahahaTripp was killed at the end of Episode 4andhe♥♥♥♥ing showed up in Episode 5on the bridge... lololololol♥♥♥♥ YOU TELLTALE!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,536220,31871589,Posted: 20 May,all,bored_1,weak compared to prior seasons
76561198169063960,Not Recommended,536220,30267170,Posted: 1 March,all,ClassiK,"Honestly the game itself is not that bad as people say. Although I do believe that it shouldn't have been called the third season of this franchise due to Clementine not even having the storyline to herself (Telltale TWD was always about Clem) the game is not all that bad. The problem is though that we have got two short episodes; hence, we all hoped that the next ones would be pretty well written, but NONE came out yet! The game is good but two and a half months for an episode?? Really??? Honestly don't know at this point if they even had a script ready for the third episode when releasing this game. The wait is ♥♥♥♥ing insane even for telltale. Lets hope the next episode can make this season good but until then this game does not deserve a good review."
,Not Recommended,536220,32630504,Posted: 21 June,all,🅱onk 🅱oi,Didn't feel like a season 3
,Not Recommended,536220,29058228,Posted: 6 January,all,Liephire,"I would give a positive review but... I can't. I mean seriously Telltale, we've been waitingTWOyears for this game and this is what you give us? Most of the people who bought the game couldn't even play it because of a Direct X Error that shows up every ♥♥♥♥ing time we launch the game! I mean sure I have 64MB but that didn't stop me from playing Season one and Season two, Season three however wouldn't start for me and that just broke my heart when it first released in public.Don't get me wrong guys I like the game but I would have enjoyed it more if I could play it on my own laptop! Next time when your making a game Telltale, make sure thatEVERYONEis able to play it!!"
76561198008886732,Not Recommended,536220,30827267,Posted: 29 March,all,d.mihajlo,"Really teltale? Is this what took you soooo long to finish? This is your version of a ""long one""? Episodes are getting shorter and shorter, and player choices matter less and less. This is not the game it once was. This game no longer has the emotional weight it once did. It is overhyped and over-stated and over-rated. Do not waste your money, there is nothing here anymore. I find myself caring less and less and choices weird and meaningless. This is pathetic, I wouldn’t be playing it at all if I didn’t make the mistake of buying the season pass, NEVER AGAIN!"
76561198052426610,Not Recommended,536220,32162898,Posted: 3 June,all,PomDeuTair,"This game sucks compared to Tales form the Borderlands, How can telltale make a Good season 1 and 2 but FAIL so hard at this 3rd ♥♥♥♥♥♥ season ??? No one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about Javi, The game looks Awfull, When a character dies you give 0♥♥♥♥♥♥because they all lack of charism. You don't even recognize Clem, who lived some Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥but somehow, hey she gives 0 damn aswell.Big diapointement, i was really hyped for it.  i didn't even finished it, maybe i will someday when it saves my choices instead of making me realise it erased my choice when That ♥♥♥♥♥ girl started hating on Javi."
,Not Recommended,536220,28865177,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GreenJPGSandRAM,"I played through Seasons 1 and 2 to refresh my memory on the story and to re-build the story (how I wanted it to play out) for Season 3, but Clementine feels like a useless character now and the previous 2 Seasons are irrelevant in this story.WTF?If this didn't include Clementine, it could have been a good story and made into a mini-series (like Michonne).-Episodes are too short.-No time for character development.-SPOILER:I felt nothing when the little girl got killed. I don't even remember her name!If there is a Season 4, I won't be pre-purchasing it this time!"
,Not Recommended,536220,31181367,Posted: 16 April,all,★ Clicky,R.I.P moneyy
,Not Recommended,536220,28746295,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,silverm00nl1ght,"Review may potentially contain spoilersPlease take the time to read the whole review before you start sending hate messages...I'll start this review off by saying what I've liked about this game so far:The artsyle is beautiful - even more enhanced then it was in seasons 1 and 2The story is quite gripping, and as usual, has had me emotionally attached at timesTeenage Clementine is badassUnfortunately though, the negatives for this game outweigh the positives.First off, it pretty much writes off whatever ending you finished on in season 2 - to me, this just means lazy writing.In my case, the ending I had with Season 2 was the ending where I refused to go into Wellington and stayed with Kenny instead. I was really looking forward to seeing him develop more as a character, only for him to be killed off swiftly in a car accident as a cheap plot twist. So much for that ending. (And from the looks of things, all of the other season 2 endings end up like that anyway)Second, the pacing. Everything seems rushed. The pace of the story goes way too quickly, like a tennis ball in a grand slam tourament - blink and you'll miss it. This can aslo be said for the length of the first two epsiodes - the length of Ep1 and Ep2 only take about 30 - 45 minutes of solid playtime to complete, whereas in the previous seasons, a single episode would take around 1.5 - 2 hours of playtime to complete. Definitely feels like a huge step backwards from what the franchise used to be.Finally, I'm once again disappointed by the lack of problem solving scenarios in this game (they were cut out in season 2, and I was hoping they would come back in season 3, to no avail).I know that TWD has always had more of an emphasis on story and character development rather than problem solving/puzzles (ie. Telltale's Back To The Future series) however the problem solving objectives in season 1 is what really kept me engaged in this series and added another element of suspense. Now, however, it just feels like an interactive movie more than anything. It also makes me further wonder if all the authors writing rave reviews about this game that Telltale are sharing on their social media pages are getting paid to write them..TL;DR: At it's core, a good game with decent storyline, but is overshadowed by lazy writing, very fast pacing and lack of charm.I will continue to play the game as the new episodes come out, but I'm not expecting anything too spectacular.For die hard fans of this series, if you'd really like to further get engaged in the story, go ahead and buy it; just don't expect an experience as immersive as the previous 2 seasons. Otherwise, wait until it is on sale.(Only episodes 1 and 2 were released at the time of writing this review; I may edit it as new episodes get released)"
,Not Recommended,536220,31841523,Posted: 19 May,all,kazereal,This has really gone downhill from the first season.Now it is drawn-out soap-opera with button mashing.There's still some moments but on the whole it isn't in the level of first season.
76561198282717188,Not Recommended,536220,32082823,Posted: 31 May,all,Xclusive,The last two seasons were so much better.
,Not Recommended,536220,31354319,Posted: 25 April,all,Heartstrings,"*Spoiler-Containing Review* TL;DR - the game is absolutely horrible compared to S1 and S2. While I highly recommend the prior entries in this series, A New Frontier doesn't deserve its current pricetag, doesn't deserve to be called a Telltale piece, and is a poor excuse of a Walking Dead storyline.Like many other hardcore fans of Telltale's The Walking Dead series, I have been completely disappointed with A New Frontier. In comparison to Seasons 1 and 2, S3 can only be described as mediocre. I'm really sad to have to give the game a negative review, but there's no way that this game can be praised.Pros:- The story has Clementine in it. Legitimately, this may be the only reason I'm still playing the game.- Got to bash a guy's skull in, with a baseball bat, in Episode 3.Cons:- The characters are absolutely awful. They are a far cry from engaging, their motivations are boring, their backgrounds are sloppily-written. A more detailed character rating can be found below.- Voice Acting is decent, but for many characters, it's just boring, plain, bland and almost like they hired amateurs.- Overall story is predictable, stereotypical plot, there's a ton of boring scenes and the ""action"" sequences are terrible and overly scripted.- Music is legitimately stale and boring.- Gameplay is a chore. No more exploring to find different things, interacting with characters for other interesting dialogues, nothing. It's all linear.- Zero emotional attachment to the character cast whatsoever.- Most importantly; your decisions in Seasons 1 and 2, don't matter at all. Kenny dies in a really stupid flashback, no matter what you do, and AJ is stolen from you (only to initiate a filler subplot of ""Find the AJ"" in S3). The only differences that S1 and S2 made, is whether or not Clem has access to different voice lines, a cosmetic scar on her forehead, the words ""AJ"" tattooed onto her hand, a bullet scar on her cheek, or a missing ring finger. That's it.- Decisions in S3 barely matter either. While I'm fine with the romance between Javi and Kate (never liked David), it's way too forced. It feels like the downfall of many good TV shows (#Arrow). The only one that makes a cross-episode impact is whether or not you killed Conrad; who calls it quits in Episode 4 anyway. Choosing between the options of saving Ava or Tripp makes no impact whatsoever, because Joan will just kill the person you picked to spare.- Play time is horrendously short. 3 episodes in and only 4.1 hours on record. Keep in mind that as I'm writing this, Episode 4 has just been released (which is also only an hour and 15 minutes long). Definitely not worth the price tag, if you compare it to S1 and S2.- Graphical bugs. Black lines and polygons glitch into the screen a LOT in Episode 3 (and I'm running the game on a GTX1080 Strix). Overall, things clip into places where they shouldn't.Character Ratings:Javier Garcia - Decent character, probably the ""best"" out of the lot. General backstory and re-used motivations, but not too bland overall. Voice acting is fine, 8/10.David Garcia - Absolute jerk. General army-vet who abuses his wife due to PTSD, and is an extremely violent. Has no motivations other than that, and his ""love"" for his children feels absolutely fake. 2/10.Gabriel Garcia - Little annoying prick. Acts like an immature turd all the time just to prove he's ""grown up"". Gets Javier into many sticky situations because he's stubborn. Voice acting is appalling. 1/10.Mariana Garcia - Actually was an interesting little kid that I cared for in Episode 1. Too bad the writers killed her off completely for no reason.Kate Garcia - Loving mother to the Garcia children. Decent character, but unfortunately forced into a romance plot-line with Javier. She serves no other purpose in the story whatsoever. In Episode 4 - Javier gets to respond whether he feels the same about her (i.e. he loves her back); but it doesn't matter because she dies in a truck explosion either way. 7/10.Clementine - Is being badass Clementine. 10/10.Tripp - Decent voice acting, boring character background and boring motivations. 5/10.Eleanor - Double crossing character for no reason whatsoever. Decent voice acting but otherwise her character is useless because the writers made her turn bad for God knows what motivation. 3/10.Ava - Stereotypical badass. Nothing else really. 5/10."
76561197966865966,Not Recommended,536220,29111046,Posted: 8 January,all,Ty22,"First time I'm disliking a game of the Telltale Series and had to refund it. Reason is, that savegames are not working in this game (for me). Whatever I do, after I finished episode 1, there is no savegame and I have to start over again. And I'm totally done with that. Tried to re-install it, tried to turn Steam Cloud off and on, tried different save slots and everything else that was recommended in such a case. Nothing worked, which makes the game unplayable for me in the end. And hell, I won't create a Telltale Account to have another account added to the 100 from different game developers I already have just to play this game. No thanks."
,Not Recommended,536220,29099964,Posted: 7 January,all,cgngreenbadass007,"Do not buy this game, it constantly freezes and I am unable to log in to my new telltale account (did not know I needed an account for telltale games due to previous games did not require one) in-game because its failure to communicate with telltale servers. Surprisingly, I can log in to my telltale account through the web, but it does not recognize it, if I am playing the game. The telltale account is needed to save your gaming progress (before new frontier, it was possible to save game without a telltale account). So, I said wait till full season releases. Shame, it was my favorite franchise but Telltale needs a new game engine badly. No need for unnecessary accounts."
,Not Recommended,536220,30188759,Posted: 25 February,all,Skyyggityッ,your choices are dogshit
,Not Recommended,536220,29770861,Posted: 7 February,all,SynMan,If you like season 1 and 2 dont buy this.It is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198115857447,Not Recommended,536220,30347264,Posted: 5 March,all,Red Panda Bandit 64,WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS TAKEING SO LONG FOR THE EPISODES!?!?!?!!?!
,Not Recommended,536220,30809641,Posted: 29 March,all,Prof. Dr. Mett. Dent. Gaeb Nooel,"Worst part in the The Walking Dead Trilogy.1. Boring plot and dialogues.2. Way shorter Episodes (~2 hours each)3. The Protagonist is a stereotypical and forgettable character unlike Lee and Clementine.Conclusion:That was my last Telltale purchase for now. I might just watch their next games on YouTube or buy them for a quarter of the initial price. Don't be stupid and do the same.Edit: The ending is even more unsatisfying. Go watch A new Frontier on YouTube and wait for Season 4, which will eventually come and might be good."
,Not Recommended,536220,29333416,Posted: 18 January,all,Kuroi,"I am very upset and disappointed. The choices REALLY don't matter and they never ever did. The story is never tailored by what you choose, and if they do, they will do something that will destroy every single choice you made, just so they could write a story on their liking. Telltale games have NOT improved in the past 5 years, saying this as I was the fool who bought all these games (mostly on PS4), same formula, same events. If you want a game that adapts to your gameplay, but Until Dawn, buy Heavy Rain, buy KOTOR, buy anything but this. This is just a movie, where you can make the characters talk how you want them to talk... Until the creators get to control your character and mess it up.I am very sad how my decisions never even mattered in this game, or in the previous games. No matter how episode 2 ends, no matter how you built up Clementine (to be helpful, or silent or just not to involve in anything) they just decided to give you a Clementine whom they saw to be good and just decided that Clementine ends up there where Javi is no matter what, no matter how secured Wellington was, no matter how many people lived in Wellington (They couldn't even accept in Keny, but sure, they were run down by a bunch of bandits, even after so many security.. SURE.......). They just decided to make a badass Clem, no matter how dorky, silent, or just plain shy or funny you made her, now she is non other than an all powered teenager girl for the sakes of selling their game.However which made me totaly rage and to write this post right now is the illogical hapenings in the game. Seriously, people who create these games need to think about the logic behind every decision, first of all SPOILERSWho the hell shoots a little girl instead of armed grown men open to be shot ANYTIME, or just anyone else armedpeople don't work like that, not everyone is a psychopath and even if they are, it is just the most illogical decision from someone that is crazy. Now for episode 2 and I will not even bother to put this in spoiler, since you will see it right at the first few minutes anyway, and you know that no matter whatever you do, it will not freaking matter. The new frotiner LEADERS walk dead out in the open line of fire, with a truck loaded with 5 walkers (that later become 34213 walkers for whatever reason, NOTE TO THE ANIMATORS: if you are lazy to animate something, then don't do it simply...). No, they don't get shot, ok, and even if you choose to fire at them, the bullets magically miss. SEEMS TOTALLY LEGIT, specially when you think about it, that even blinded by tear gas, you shoot someone like 50-100 meters away from you with a headshot... Even if you choose that you give yourself up, of course Prescott still gets destroyed, and of course you still get blamed how selfish you are and its all your fault that these New frontier guys followed you... Like what the ♥♥♥♥, I gave myself in, gave in to everything, was about to be executed and still acepted the fate... Even if someone is raged by losing who they love, they don't blame the person who clearly gave himself up. The story writing is SO lazy that I can't even describe it.The only reason why we were forced to buy this ""moviegamehybrid"" is because if Season 3 comes out, you will not understand anything that why is Clem there and what is going on etc. I can't explain how upset I am with Telltale Games right now, collecting money in the most pathetic way as possible, FORCING you to like people (which don't even work by now, since the character that is kiled says like... 5 words or what) and then you know that they will die in the next 5 minutes anyway.I don't mind if the game has a good story and you have less power to control things, such as in the Walking Dead Season 1, you didn't really control anything but the story was SO GOOD that you never even bothered. Same for the Game of Thrones series, you didn't really control the outcome, but at least you could decide which character you wanted to kep alive who to die, so you controlled their fate until the very end, and if that character died, that gave you the satisfaction that the character died as he or she had to die.Sorry if some parts have typos, or just plain bad English ^.^ This is my first review, and its just pure amature review about a bad game."
,Recommended,536220,29487663,Posted: 25 January,all,rainer,"For many people The Walking Dead franchise will have been their introduction to Telltale’s style of games. After two seasons, and about a dozen games for different franchises, Telltale has returned to their most prominent series. Following the trend of the previous two seasons, The Walking Dead A New Frontier (season 3) begins with a new protagonist Javier García and his family of survivors. The use of new protagonists means players can just jump into the game without having played the first two seasons, but you’ll get a much fuller experience if you have played them. Their harrowing journey brings them in contact with Clementine, who is the connection with the previous seasons. A cameo from one of the television show actors also pops up in the second episode of the season (although it is worth remembering the game is set in the comic book version of the story, not the television show).The Walking Dead A New Frontier, like all of Telltale’s adventures, isn’t so much a video game as it is a series of tough choices punctuated by quick-time events and point-and-click examining. The main draw is seeing the decisions you make impact the world around you. Some events will happen no matter what you choose, but the way you get there — and who survives to see them — is largely up to you. Often times you will make decisions in difficult situations and be left wondering what would have happened if you chose differently, which gives the game a certain amount of inherent replay value.This story in The Walking Dead A New Frontier offers some brutal choices, and there are at least a few ‘no-win’ situations you will experience in just the first two episodes. On the downside many of the gameplay and animation improvements we saw in Batman: The Telltale Series didn’t translate over to The Walking Dead A New Frontier. It is still a step up from season 2 and Michonne, but it still feels like a step backwards compared to more recent offerings. Walking animations and hand-to-hand combat sequences, in particular, delve into the uncanny valley with far too much regularity.There is not too much to say about The Walking Dead A New Frontier that you probably cannot already guess. You can jump in right now without worrying too much about what has gone before, but it is not the ideal way to play. If you have never played a Telltale Game I would recommend starting with either The Walking Dead Season 1 or one of their more recent franchises, like Game of Thrones or Batman. If you are veteran of the series already, then you know what to expect. The choices will be brutal, characters you care about will die or be severely wounded, and you’ll just be glad you don’t actually live in the world of The Walking Dead.The main question is whether to buy The Walking Dead A New Frontier now and get the episodes as they come out, or wait until the series is done and grab them in package. I personally prefer to experience Telltale Games in their episodic format, but each gamer will have their own preference. In the end if you like Telltale Games’ format and play-style then The Walking Dead A New Frontier is a good purchase.10/10, Recommended."
76561198172067218,Not Recommended,536220,30467862,Posted: 12 March,all,Nessy,Bring Kenny back
,Recommended,536220,28560247,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,I AM AWAY FOR A YEAR,"I wrote a review at the day this game was released, and back then I said that this season had the potential to become better than the 1st and 2nd season. Well, I was wrong. The game was still a really good game compared to all other games, but it was not really what we expected from Telltale. The episodes were too short and the gameplay was too rushed. Even if it got really hard to really recommend this game, I still do it. I really enjoyed this game, even though as I said before, this was not good enough for a TWD game."
76561198045943462,Not Recommended,536220,29809487,Posted: 9 February,all,Erinelda,Not my Clamintine. The Clamintine I raised accross two games was brave. And noble.. I don't know who this person is.
,Recommended,536220,28514299,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mediic | cs.money,"JUST AMAZING!I just finished the 1st episode and I have to admit, season 3 of TWD wentBEYONDmy expectations.Before I played:＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)/After I played(つ ◕_◕) つSince I saw the trailer, I thought it's gonna be a let down since you play with Javier, a new character, bringing a new story to the serie.Probably the quote""Don't judge a book by its cover""fits the best because the game feelsAMAZING.The story isAWESOMEas allways!And my Clem is back again!BADASSas allways!OMG I have waited 2-3 years for this and its finally here!What else do you need?But people needs to play Season 1 and 2 before playing this one =)Allready love this game! =)"
,Recommended,536220,28496182,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,nikabu,"y'know what? it doesn't matter what the story is even though it's not all about Clementine (i'd like it to be) i still love this game and i recommend you to buy it, i thought that playing as Javier would be♥♥♥♥♥♥but i was really wrong he is an interesting character to play with, the biggest mistake by Telltale is that you get barely any flashbacks about last two seasons and we still don't know what happened to AJ, yea... Anyways i recommend buying this game, also if you've lost your save files of first two seasons you can ""recreate"" them, it's a new feature and i really like it, overall game runs just fine for me, the graphics are nice and so is the whole game. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,28497534,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SpookySuper,"I wanted so badly to like this game but it has so many flaws and so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters, enjoy my review!!see now telltale has this ""your choices matter"" but they actually ♥♥♥♥ing don't because no matter what you do, the choice will go completely different.- your choices do not matter- they will ♥♥♥♥ing pushing that love story on you between kate and javi, no matter how much you avoid her advances; telltale please, I will not let javi ♥♥♥♥ his brothers wife- Gabe is a stupid ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who I hate with a passion and he's a bad character and so poorly written- I have no problem with Javi; he was quite a character and one I enjoyed making into a good guy, I would love to see him and Clem in action again in the future- Kate is a stupid ♥♥♥♥♥ and she gives all women a ♥♥♥♥ing bad name- Tripp and Elle I wanted to like, but then they turned on Javi, even after I explained what happened with Conrad, they still decided to believe ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little Gabe and turn on me; your choices do not matter because they backfire on you- the story line was stupid and I saw no point to it; I honestly hope Clem has a better story in the next game with characters I can like- Javi getting blamed for♥♥♥♥♥♥that wasn't his fault or♥♥♥♥♥♥that he tried to fix because other characters sucked♥♥♥♥♥and decided ""oh hey!! let's blame Javi for this even though it wasn't his fault!!""a little more- Kenny's death was ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and I absolutely despise you for killing him after everything he went through, yes a character deserves a good death, but kenny's was not good and was completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥. As for Jane, I believe more could have been done with her.- please stop pushing the romance, I know I said this already, but please, getting Javi beat up over Kate's stupid feelings that I did not want and told her no, was stupid as ♥♥♥♥.Gabe is a menace to society and I honestly hate him with a ♥♥♥♥ing passion.I wanted to like this game, and I was very happy when Clem came back into it, and I warmed to Javi because he's a character I learned to love, but honestly, Javi got blamed for ♥♥♥♥ing everything and it was ridiculous, you can call this a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review but this game doesn't really have many good points to it and I am sad because I've never disliked a telltale game, but this?? this was a mistake."
,Not Recommended,536220,32092876,Posted: 31 May,all,L u c i u s ツ,"I just want to be honest..I only bought this game because of Clementine.like Javi is a great character and the story is well done. But the ending for this game was really bad compared to season 1 and 2. Season 1 had to say goodbye to Lee, and Season 2 had a difficult choice.but this game is meh, it's just meh...Except maybe Gabe... Gabe was coolIf you played Season 1 and 2, don't waste your time and money for this and if you didn't, go play Season 1+2.The last two seasons were so much better than this tbh. What I really want to know is what happens to Clem and AJ, not some family always arguing."
,Recommended,536220,30812367,Posted: 29 March,all,Traction,"I loved the game, regardless of its criticism. 10/10I've played out the game twice now, with two completely different outcomes. I thought I'd experiment, and it turns out your actions make a huge impact on the finale. I was upset with my first playthrough, I tried again and I was even more upset lol. I've still not mastered the tricky dialogue yet!It was a bold move from TellTale, but I respect this game now after giving it a few shots and for the game to settle. Don't call the game trash just because you never played as clementine for the main story. This was a great set up, and a great third perspective on how we see Clementine as her own person. I was one of the hypocrits that juged the game, I'm not afraid to admit that when the game was early on. But for what it stands, this game is worth a buy and telltale still countinues to do what they do best.First ending was Saving Gabe with Clem, second ending was saving richmond with CLEM and KATE. I've seen the other ending where Clem goes off on her own, but that just didn't sit right. I cried first playthrough, I cried again for the second playthrough Gabes death had me crying a river.Thanks"
76561197984341766,Recommended,536220,28513106,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,mariokart64n,"OMG i'm jumping out of my chair, the last episode was soo amazing!!! I can't wait for the next one!!"
,Recommended,536220,28506553,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DOM,"FINAL UPDATE :  EPISODE 5 IS OUT SO I WILL UPDATE FOR ONE LAST TIME MY REVIEWIt makes me feel sad that a walking dead game is mixed so i will try to make some things clear.Season 3 started with a lot of hype and telltale game informing us that episode 1 was way too big for a premier so they splitted it at  2 episodes ( episode 1 took me 1,2 hours to finish and episode 2 was ONLY 50 min.) It was bad we were expecting more from our beloved company and their game. Also they took approximately 3 months to publish episode 3 and everyone was crazy and making negative review for the game , which is fair and everyone had a reason to complain.BUT episode 3 launched today and it was  a complete turn around for the season so far , we needed that , i wont go deep and analyse episode 3 so i wont spoil anything , but i will tell you that it make me enjoy it , it was 1,5 hour episode ( finally!) AND IT WENT CRAZY people fighting each other everyone's beliefs and interests were at stake , people started to lose trust , everything is at stake . I HOPE EPISODE 4 WILL BE THE SAME AND BETTER ,I WILL UPDATE MY REVIEW WHEN EPISODE 4 IS OUTSo episode 4 is outLet me tell you  a couple more things about the game: the first half of the new episode was very weak and trying to build some things AND IT DID!At the final 40 min. of the game i had to make some hard decisions ( which i think everyone can aggree or disagree with mine ) and that was amazing , decisions were HARD , and it depended on YOUR CHARACTER , in the end the game I WAS IN SHOCK , the game has been improved a lot and i like it ! Everything now is on stake , i am waiting episode 5 so much right now!Also Voice Acting WAS TOP ON THIS EPISODE !EPISODE 5 SMALL UPDATE : Episode 5 came out today 30-05. This episode  HAD EVERYTHING! freaking beautiful music at the end and a great and hard choice which we had to make. The game wasnt perfect but it was god damn great , i liked and  also they teased us a probably season 4?! Looking forward for more.HAVE FUN PLAYING THE GAME !"
,Recommended,536220,28498772,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"I was a little upset because of Batman, you know the optimization problems, lies and such stuff but The Walking Dead just got me thinking that those actions had a reason just like they said because game is just GREAT!First of all, let me tell you that Clementine is NOT playable. She's only playable during the flashbacks and they last like maximum 5 minutes. I don't know if it's a good thing or not but maybe we'll get to play as her in the next episodes. I'm totally cool with the new character, tho. I just hope them to focus on Clementine as much as they do with Javi because in the second episode, it felt like she's just a side character. Another thing I've noticed that her personality has changed too much. She's more selfish and cruel from what I've seen but I can't blame her after the things she's been through.Gameplay felt like the combination of Season 1 & 2 and that's really cool! Story is on the other hand, seems interesting. Not as good as previous titles but I'm sure they'll tie it up to a really emotional ending which will left us in tears just like they did with previous games.If you want to tie your saves to the game, you have to download previous games and upload your save to your TT Games account but that's a waste of time if you ask me. Game will ask you some questions about important choices you made before you start so, that's more easier and quicker than downloading games just because a couple of choices.Unlike Batman, optimization seems nice. I've never experienced any FPS drops. Guess they finally took the control of the engine and that's a really good thing. I also noticed improvements about the animations. Long story short, it's a great game just like the other ones!"
,Recommended,536220,28525215,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,❄️wowzer,"Feels great to be back to this game series(NO SPOILERS HERE)*Updated for episode 3After just playing the 3rd episode. I can honestly say I was satisfied with how it turned out. It didn't feel as rushed or lacking as the 1st and 2nd episode. At least in my opinion. Episode was longer too. Or at least it felt longer (It says 0.9 hours recently because half the time I was playing my internet was dead and it didn't record my playtime entirely)*Updated for episode 4This episode was very dramatic. I was kinda worried with how it was gonna turn out but I was not dissapointed in terms of how dramatic the choices were and all. Its still not as good as the other 2 seasons as they were amazing but this was still a good episode. But everyone has their own opinion, people are prolly still gonna hate on it*Updated for episode 5I feel like I should be dissapointed. But thats probably because I didn't expect much. It was a alright episode I guess. No way near as good as the finales on the previous episodes. The whole season overall was meh. Not bad but not that great either. Oh and Season 4 is confirmed.... guess Im gonna have to think whether I'll get that or not."
76561198011898714,Recommended,536220,28536353,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tata and Farewell,"At first i thought it would be a weak start but the pace took up very fast.It is absolutly amazing and still 3 Epis to go. I am so glad that Telltale Games is creating so many awesome series (exept TWD Michonne; that was not good compared to the other parts).For all who wanna play that Series, play the first 2 walking dead parts first. Clementine has such a great and big character-development in that serious you get emotional after 3 serious and like 12 episodes with her. Trust me its worth it.10/10 again. Very nice series and pls, Telltale Games, continue. Its is so good what you do."
76561198218196453,Recommended,536220,28506020,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,minami,Another masterpiece by Telltale.
76561198216827193,Recommended,536220,28509140,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,_aloobarber,"TL;DR: Buy it.Pros:+ Good protagonist with solid ( if not slightly generic) supporting characters.+ Decent plot.+ Best graphics in a telltale game so far.+ Choices that mostly feel meaningful, as opposed to a lot of telltales other work.+ Runs at a solid 60 fps 100% of the time, running on an i3 6100 and an r9 380.+ The flashback system, if not a little cliche, is a great way of developing the story and it's characters.Cons:-The returning character's deaths feel a bit short & shoehorned in, especially Kenny's, which is just ridiculous. At least Jane's suicide felt somewhat depressing.- The game still suffers from the 'telltale lag', although otherwise the game is surprisingly bug free.- Whilst the plot is good, Javier does just seem to walk into plot devices, which seems rather too convenient.-I'm not really sure how i feel about the ending of episode two either. Again, it just feels 'convenient'.- WAY too short for my liking. i finished both episodes in about 2.5 hours."
,Not Recommended,536220,32400230,Posted: 13 June,all,Ravenize > *,"The Walking Dead continues with Season 3, and even though you can see that title in the game files it's not actually called that for some unknown reason. You'd think it was a side story like Michonne, but no, it's actually Season 3. That's confusing.A New Frontier is pretty mediocre, but it does a good job of letting you know what happens to the characters you care about at the end of Season 2. That's the biggest positive.The choices don't really matter all that much other than how mad some characters get. But even at their lowest points most of the relationships are still redeemable. There aren't really that many branching paths or alternative scenes based on your decisions.The first two episodes are actually pretty strong, but they deteriorate into shorter and shorter segments that are more confined and less impactful until by the end you can easily predict everything that's going to happen.Season 1 and 2 are significantly better. Start with those. If you enjoy them and want to continue then this is the next place to head. But it's not breaking any new ground, and you certainly shouldn't play it without the others under your belt first."
,Not Recommended,536220,32466391,Posted: 16 June,all,TheJezqu,"This is not ""The Walking Dead: Season 3"" and it was a good idea to change it. ""A New Frontier"" continued Telltale Games' The Walking Dead-story on its own way. It had Clementine in it, but that was just a taste from before. ""A New Frontier"" is its own game about a zombie world.I liked the new design after getting used to it. Javier was a nice guy after all, atleast in my game. I would've wanted to know more about him and his past. All we know is how David didn't like his little brother because of his not-so-good working history. As a Season 1 and 2 player I needed more of Clementine. Flashbacks were a nice idea, but still it was a little pain to play. I needed more.""A New Frontier"" was not as heartwarming as last ones. Plot twists were okay, though. Episode 2 and 3 were quite slow episodes, but every season has its own slow episodes. That's OK. In my ending David died, but everybody else lived. I guess I had one of the most happiest ending. If I played differently, I'd had a more heartwarming ending, but that's on me. There's multiple endings, and I like how different ending you can get. This is a cherry on this zombie cake."
,Not Recommended,536220,33198290,Posted: 3 July,all,Big Breakfast Baron Corbin,"It's sad how much TellTale has lost their way with their games, specificially the TWD series. Either that or the first two seasons of The Walking Dead were just a fluke.You can tell this season was rewritten a f-ton of times, with TellTale writing themselves into a corner by actually giving players a choice at the end of Season 2. A choice which they successfully screw you out of once again right at the start of A New Frontier, once again reminding you of the fact that your choices mean jack♥♥♥♥♥♥in these games.The first two seasons were great despite this same problem, but they made up for it by having an actually engaging story with relatable characters.A New Frontier on the other hand doesn't really have relatable characters, the new protagonist and the group around him aren't really people I could give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about after the first two episodes, and the story started boring me more than anything else at that point.So all in all, unless you're a diehard fan of the TWD games and just really want to know how Clem's story continues (Cause honestly, who cares about any of the others?), this one isn't really recommendable, at all."
76561198027176146,Not Recommended,536220,31096376,Posted: 12 April,all,destro3334,Almost no exploration or ability to walk around talking to people in the latest episode.
,Not Recommended,536220,31368764,Posted: 25 April,all,RaSpoontin,not very interesting.
,Not Recommended,536220,31404206,Posted: 27 April,all,Ｇａｌａｃｔｉｃ　Ｇｒａｓｓ,"Would NOT RecommendWell, I've played all the games, from console to PC... and I can say whole heartedly that this entry to the Walking Dead TellTale Series ishorribleEpisode 1Was pretty great. Some detailed character background, some nice hearfelt moments.... but rather lackluster Quick-Time events and exploration areas(which unfortunately are notroriously bad on this game)8/10Episode 2Very good flashbacks including Clem and your character of choice. Kenny was my choice, and I wasn't too upset on the way he left. Very interesting character development and interesting choises.8/10Episode 3Absolutely garbage. I wanna get it on with Kate. That's the only upside to this episode is trying to keep mybonerfor my sister in-law hidden from my brother and his kids. Just let me make some moves or something.5/10Episode 4I haven't even made it past the second chapter and I can already tell this isHOT DOG♥♥♥♥♥♥Every choice I make ends up with a completely different voiceline, and I usually end up restarting to change my answers. I keep offending everyone without meaning to.IN-GAME EDIT/ Well, no matter what I pick, Gabe is going to end up thinking I'm the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on Earth. NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENED SOMEONE IS GONNA DIE. Tpyical. BUT IN THE CLIMAX MY GAME CRASHED. Early Review is2/10Episode 5:  I just started and let me tell you, the wait was not worth it. The opening fight scene is completely ruined by just quick time event button mashing and pressing. The animations are lackluster and the voicelines are actually horrible. During the 3rd and4th chapters,I noticed a ton of continuity errors in the game, like Kate walking infront of me one scene and she's a distance behind me the next, or even Choosing to go with Gabe or Kate the voice lines were wrong. Upon finishing the game I realized this was all a huge waste of my time now anyone else's. This final chapter along with the end of the game gets a3/10Please feel free to let me know your opinion on The Walking Dead: A New Frontier on my profilehttps://steamcommunity.com/id/chauncesauce/"
76561197999088229,Not Recommended,536220,29793735,Posted: 8 February,all,Kageshi,"Overall, i came into this game with the bar so low james camerine couldnt even bring it up. and yet, it still failed me. I swear it gets shorter and shorter these seasons."
76561198212675809,Not Recommended,536220,32157430,Posted: 3 June,all,Turboak47,"Whell that sucks, i payed for a game that dose not work on win7, read others have the same problim hope thay fix it, i played all the other ones never had a problim."
76561198079496382,Not Recommended,536220,32076621,Posted: 30 May,all,SupMatto |K|,"I'm a huge fan of this series, but this season was subpar. the episodes got shorter and shorter and the quality went way down. Telltale angered their fanbase by destroying a beloved character in the laziest way possible and then delivered a mediocre at best story. Many of the characters in this season were downright annoying and I only found myself invested in a small fraction of them by the end of episode 5. That's not to say that there weren't any highlights this season, but the negatives outshine the positives this season without a doubt. If you're looking into this season I recommend picking it up on a large sale."
76561198039710976,Not Recommended,536220,32151978,Posted: 3 June,all,guinness_pete,"Started off quite good, seemed to lose its way, the ending was ok, better than the michonne mini series but no where near as good as the 1st, real shame"
76561198168022407,Not Recommended,536220,32970004,Posted: 28 June,all,BumBumHowls,"I've been a Walking Dead Game Fans for season 1&2, they have a great story and awesome characters and of course i really like Clementine who makes this games more fun to play. Anyway i wouldn't recommend bought Season 3 on full price, just buy it on steam sale, there's so much glitch that seems annoying when you try to enjoying the story."
76561198055517548,Not Recommended,536220,32189438,Posted: 4 June,all,AndrePloof,"This game has some good moments sprinkled through it, but alot more bad ones. There are numerous visual glitches that made it through the game that should of been fixed in development, and the writing of the story is horrendous ( it has some really good moment, but alot more bad ones). if i had to say something good about this game, it would be that it is a nice suprise that in a telltale game your choices actually matter and impact the end, however that feature does not save this game. it wouldnt be a waste of time to play this game if you are a fan off telltale, but i would not reccomend it to anyone."
76561198033946627,Not Recommended,536220,31451196,Posted: 29 April,all,alexbungle25,"This is actually my first review even though I have been on Steam for several years, but I felt like I had to because everything is wrong with this game.1 - I've completed the first four episodes in 5 hours which is subpar for this kind of game. There is literally no agility implied... press ""q"" when they tell you to and that is about it.2 - I really enjoyed season 1 and 2 mostly because of the storyline. Well ""A New Frontier"" plot line is rather shallow and unappealing.3 - The strength of the previous seasons was to slowly make you care about the characters and then put you in a situation where you had to decide their fate, a new frontier fails in both. They don't let you have the opportunity to get to know them  with these ""one on one"" encounter and well all of the characters are annoying AF which makes those decisions (which don't make any difference in the end) meaningless. All characters are honestly a pain, even Clementine which we all liked to see evolved in season 1 and 2, gets to be an annoyance.My recomendation is to not get this game and keep the positive image you had of Season 1 and 2. Even if this game becomes free, don't bother."
76561198180813029,Not Recommended,536220,32075675,Posted: 30 May,all,Reader,"IntroductionUnfortunately, this season of Telltale’s TWD didn’t possess the passion and intrigue that the previous seasons had. What do I mean by this? Well I’m not outright stating that this game is total garbage, nor am I going to discourage you from buying this game if you actually want to try it out. Although, it must be said that this game has problems, and it also lacks certain aspects of the previous seasons which ended up making this season all the more disappointing as a result.If you have played through both seasons and you’re willing to still experience what this game has to offer, then get it whilst on sale; it has its “Hot & Cold” moments reminiscent of the previous seasons and it has its gut-wrenching moments between episodes. If you haven’t played any of them and you still want to play this game, then at least watch both seasons up on a YouTube Play-through to quickly catch up on the story, or alternatively buy them to get a sense of what you’ll likely have to put up with, should you decide to play through Season Three.(Note that this game is only, truly worth playing BLIND. As in, not spoiling the game to get a time advantage over dialogue options and ect).NarrativeNow to explain; firstly, the story itself is more based around the main protagonist’s bonds with the main cast of characters, while also maintaining his family over the course of the entire game, which is made even more crucial as each scenario they’re stuck in, results in misfortune occurring more often than not; gradually building up tension like the previous seasons in this high stakes adventure to ensure the safety of everyone. Obviously there’s more to it to that; it’s never quite that simple. However, I’ll simply let you see for yourself rather than spoil it. (Just keep in mind, this season can still be heart-wrenching and disturbing at times).Main/Side CharactersAs for the characters, you might have noticed how I stating the protagonist as a “he”. Well, this game introduces a new protagonist called Javi who has no relevance to the cast of the previous seasons what so ever (or so I think). Which means; yep, you will not be mainly playing as Clementine throughout this one.This honestly won’t mean much if you couldn’t feel at all connected with Clementine throughout the previous games or haven’t even played the games before (hence why I said catch-up on the story), but considering that I, as well as many others who went through both of the previous seasons, were tasked with keeping her safe either as Lee or controlling her ourselves; always had more of an emotional impact compared to awkward love triangles and the occasional family feud, especially with the metric tons of crap she went through in order to be shaped into the very badass we got to know with, up until this point. This doesn’t make Javi completely disengaging during conversations and such, as there were times where I could connect with him and feel sympathetic  for him too but the point is, Clem just does a better job of gripping me into her character instead (or at least in my opinion anyways).The other characters you’ll meet along the way however, do not really seem as interesting as the side characters were from the other seasons, also, they feel rather rushed in to the story at times or rather left out. It’s inconsistent at times, as you’ll clearly see from the last episode of this season. In fact, the previous seasons connected in the side characters which gave those who’d survive from the first season to the second season, more of a bigger role in the story as we grew to trust them over the length of season one. As for everyone in season one and two, most if not all were memorable in some way or the other, whereas Season 3 just doesn’t put as much character development in with its characters and predicts that you’ll remember them anyways over the use of their names or having them do some stylish zombie killing.GameplayGameplay in this season has been reduced significantly, as I barely took even the slightest amount of control over exploration parts of the game. This is made progressively worse over each episode, removing the ability to even explore in an entire episode as it goes for this high action cinematic story telling were it only consists of QTE events. It relies on the story to keep the player interested at this point, but chances are you’ll most likely even get distracted at least once by staring your wall at certain dialogue scenes as they tend to drone on forever.ChoicesDespite the feedback based on TWD Season Two and the other Telltale games, They still decide to uses the same formula for most of the options you’re given; that have a purpose to alter the story based on your interaction. In actuality, it doesn’t do it so that the choices made were meaningful; they’re just there to create this illusion of conjuring your own story, made even more insulting as the dialogue options don’t even matter anymore. Hell, Javi doesn’t even deliver the correct expression after I selected specific lines of dialogue, so I wasn’t really tempted to go back and try other voice lines to hear the responses.As for the main choices, they are ultimately meaningless as most of them usually result in the same outcome, others will have a character hate you for a minute or so before they proceed to shrug it off and politely remind you how they don’t like you but still proceed to help you anyways, which even applies to those who are being frequently challenged, shunned and outright insulted by you.Then there’s crucial choices which predict the outcome of another person for either better or worse; a perfect example of how utterly ridiculous it can get, is during the ending of Episode 4 to at least a quarter through Episode 5. I won’t go into detail on what exactly broke me, but let me tell you this alone dislocated my jaw from gawking at what it look like as the most pointless decision I’ve ever made in my life.The only reason you’d otherwise care about the choices, depends who you’d like to temporarily impress, or making a decision that seems morally right in your own opinion.Brief Notes1: Although the Graphics are overall pleasant to look at, some textures can look horrible at times despite the graphical upgrade; there’s even times where zombie herds can just turn into phantoms as they lack any real frame by frame animations and instead rapidly cycle through four to five poses to give the player an impression that they’re moving.2: Bugs can occur at times, especially in episode 5, which I can only assume was rushed out. One bug even brings back a dead group member back to life for one scene depending on the previous critical decision.3: Controls work as they usually do, exploration controls are smooth whilst the QTE commands work as intended.4: Soundtrack is still neat and even plays back a few songs from the Season 2’s OST.5: After playing Episode 5, don’t be surprised if there’s either another season or DLC episode bundle on the way.ConclusionI give this game a rating of 5/10 for everything it has done, and I also don’t recommend that you go out of your way to buy it at its full price, but instead in some discount bundle, purchase it from there. It isn’t a “Must have” but it’s something you can only experience yourself and try and interoperate whether this game is for you or not. For me, I wasn’t really excited with what was given during Episodes 1 to 4, whilst 5 successfully made me realised how rushed the finale was and how under developed the whole game was."
,Not Recommended,536220,32128077,Posted: 2 June,all,ZealotAke,Don't count this as a 'sequel'. It's just spin-off. I cried a lot for Season 1 & 2 but for not this one.ดำเนินเรื่องห่วยแตก จุดพีคไม่พีค รู้สึกว่าตัวเลือกแต่ละตัวไม่ได้มีผลอะไรมากกับ Javiภาคนี้ไม่ควรเรียกว่าเป็นภาคต่อ แค่ DLC หรือเป็นภาค Spin-off ก็หรูแล้วสรุป ห่วยแตก เล่นแค่ Season 1-2 แล้วรอ Season 4 ก็ได้
76561197960486460,Not Recommended,536220,32944957,Posted: 28 June,all,Hyaon Darhku,"The series has lost its magic.  The writing/situations/choice of season 1 is just not replicated anymore.  I didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥at the ending of New Frontier, but I was in tears at the end of Season 1."
,Not Recommended,536220,31917622,Posted: 23 May,all,Vansinne,It's basically the last nail in the coffin proving how Telltale is losing their touch. It's the same rehashed story over and over again.
76561198114124001,Not Recommended,536220,31448178,Posted: 29 April,all,Sapphire Festivity Cap,"I have been a long time fan of The Walking Dead games. Season 1 & 2 were bangers of games.  There were good characters and the story was put out in a great way. This game, however, destroys everything the other games have built. There is no connection to the characters and the game is just slow and boring. A true disappointment from the first two games."
76561198091930181,Not Recommended,536220,32316858,Posted: 10 June,all,Rad Talkin Wolfthorn,"Gotta go with the recent reviewsthe ending was ""meh"" it didn't really stand out like season 1 and 2. The choices weren't as difficult as the previous games. ALTHOUGH I think the next season might be able to make up for ANFcrossing my fingers to play as clem again"
76561198063034174,Not Recommended,536220,32275560,Posted: 8 June,all,Mrs. Cancerpants,"BEFORE YOU READ: THERE ARE SPOILERS AHEADI genuinely don't know how I feel about this game. No matter how hard I try to settle on liking or disliking it, I can't seem to feel satisfied. I'm very split between them both you could say, it's basically 50/50. What I really mean is: I want to like it but I can't get myself to like it.Each episode is about an hour and a half each and most characters are just not likable, at least for me. Either the few people who were likable were killed, hardly ever there or there just was no real emotional connection with them. The only emotional time I had was with Kenny in Episode 1 and David near the end of Episode 5 and it was really short. Everything felt a bit too rushed and sometimes you were kind of forced to be negative it seemed like. Being Javi and having Clementine as a side-character was fine but I feel as if Clementine wasn't there enough considering she is a huge part of the whole The Walking Dead series from the start. Also how quickly they killed off the character (if any) you ended up with in Season 2 was just not right. In my case that was Kenny, Kenny meant more to me than anyone, even more than Clementine. He was killed in a car crash not only that but in a flashback Clementine has in Episode 1. His death should've been more than that and after being emotionally drained after Season 2's ending, this was bullcrap. Why bother? Aside from that, this season had its moments but they were just too short and too few. Some moments were action-packed, emotional (very few like said) and surprising (very few as well). Even now I don't know what to feel about this season, I will say it is the worst season of the three.Can I recommend it? No, but I want to. It's just lacking on pretty much every level plus how short the season is as a whole."
76561198012068809,Recommended,536220,28505937,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ACE| The RedDragon |STK,Clemintines a Badass. Nuff Said.
76561198126736465,Recommended,536220,32766746,Posted: 25 June,all,XiiaoDino,not bad ~ nice graphic but story is little bit short and i hope next season 4 for clementine's story will be longer~!
,Not Recommended,536220,29073870,Posted: 6 January,all,KnightSirius,"This garbage is not what I expected when I paid 28$.Beat the first 2 episodes in barely 3 hours, that's a joke.Don't buy this game and support TellTales falling standards."
,Not Recommended,536220,32219281,Posted: 6 June,all,bala lfp heavy,Wanted the story to focus on Clementine. Instead got the stereo typical Mexican family with terrible choices and action sequences. Very disappointed.
,Not Recommended,536220,31364154,Posted: 25 April,all,ulfric memecloak,Am I supposed to care about any of the characters in this season?
,Not Recommended,536220,29515689,Posted: 26 January,all,Coaster Mind,"Will update as soon as I played ep 3.But for now, Very disappointed.I have no problem with the new character. It's just how they try to force you to like him.Some important points:1. The story is bad written.2. Episode one should have been too big for one episode so they split them in two.Both episodes felt short and could easily have been 1 episode. But hey, money is what is important. Right telltale?3. Performance of the game is perfect. It is smooth and good. This is the only positive thing about it for now.As said before, i will update this as soon as possible.Nothing had to be updated"
76561198025826508,Not Recommended,536220,32074432,Posted: 30 May,all,Dueces,Stop at season 2 with clem if you really like her character and go into season 3 as it's own story. Season 3 should've just been it's on title and not a continuation of the previous two serious.
76561198349333600,Not Recommended,536220,29472136,Posted: 24 January,all,NoGods_NoMasters27,"TellTale we need reparations if episode 3 is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥like it most likely will be with an hour and a half of game play if we're lucky, you dropped the ball so ♥♥♥♥ing hard on this extension of TWDTTG series. It's such a disappointment."
76561198084693836,Not Recommended,536220,32070574,Posted: 30 May,all,Sytronite,"compared to season 1 and 2 this game is absolutely horrible a solid 2/10.This doesn't even define as a game anymore just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tv show, every choice you make doesn't matter and you just sit back and don't have to do anything anymore. even with just chosing not to say anything you can watch through this entire ""game"""
,Not Recommended,536220,32074385,Posted: 30 May,all,YuKnup,"This season is just bad. Plain bad. The episodes are shorter then ever, the characters are a disaster and not at all developed, they promoted the season with Clem but her story barley progesses, the characters have no consistency, they do what Telltale needs them to do in order to progress the ""story"" without any consideration if it makes sense. The decisions are worse than ever, every episode has instances where the dialoge you chose and the one spoken aren't even close."
,Not Recommended,536220,32280603,Posted: 8 June,all,Pre-Cum King,"Telltale is getting sloppy with their games. My game keeps crashing on me, im 1/4 way into ep5 of the series and i can't finish it. Thanks for wasting my time yet again, ♥♥♥♥♥ale."
,Not Recommended,536220,29613644,Posted: 31 January,all,Reissyboy91,"DONT BUY THIS JUST YET!!The story isnt too bad thus far, I am intrigued to see what happends next however the episodes are extremely short, TTgames knew full well that the first 2 episodes should have been combined to make one episode and in addition to their very intresting business decisions, like many of  you have noticed already, they seem to have gone ahead and made Clemintine a secondary/co star character to a brand new plain male lead, which is a HUGE mistake and im not just speaking for myself but on behalf of the community who feel exactly the same, this is the equivilant of playing as a police officer in a superman game yet clark is right there beside you. Right now I really dont understand where all of these bad decisions are coming from but they need addressing asap, I personally am not a fan of these poor design choices but luckily for TT games, they have the chance to turn this around and make changes to future episodes, I just hope they listen to the critism from the community, because right now the story might as well be a dlc adaption like 400 days.I understand the studio has investors to please and bills to pay but cuttings corners to make your lives easier and meet unrealistic deadlines from rich old fools that dont even play video games is the wrong thing to do, make your greedy out of touch corporate masters wait and do this properly.Lets sort it out Telltale!"
76561198048965861,Not Recommended,536220,32620780,Posted: 21 June,all,Galaxer,Still a Walking Dead game so it holds up but the writing is♥♥♥♥♥♥ your decision making is unnoticable and its way too short compared to the other games
76561198023136529,Not Recommended,536220,29476852,Posted: 24 January,all,Evravon,"I was a huge fan of Seasons 1 and 2. I loved them. I felt like they dropped the ball, slightly, in Season 2, but it was still a good season overall.For this season (at least for the first two episodes {which are only one hour each this time}), just go watch someone else play it on YouTube. Or have everyone in your group of friends chip in and take turns playing it together. Or stream it for your friends who helped you buy it. It's almost like a movie, not a game.Your choices don't matter anymore. Rule of thumb in this game: if the game is trying to make you connect emotionally with someone, expect them to die in the near future. They will. Always. Except Clementine (who doesn't even seem like the same character from the previous two games anymore).TLDR: Go watch someone else play it on YouTube. You'll get the same experience. The choices you make don't matter anymore."
,Not Recommended,536220,32074259,Posted: 30 May,all,2f,"Just finished main story, it was a bit of rollercoaster really TL;DR: S3- Bad S4+ AmazingStory is pretty bad with no character development until episode 4, then after it is comparable to Season 1 for its character development, it is really good. S5 saved this game, I pickedthe save gabe optionand the ending was really good, but there is some obvious bs classic telltale, where their are some quite big loopholes in the story which are extremely cliche and you can predict what will happen, in the ending that I pickedA main character dies, extremely dramatically and really well done(props to tt), then the more developed main character can't be found, and is assumed dead. No tension is put on this scene, no drama, despite them probally being in the top 5 most loveable characters, so they are going to come backAnother thing that makes this game horrid is the horrific bugs, I laughed at scenes that are supposed to be dramatic due to lagging horses, cars, spassing character and lots of others. But that isn't the worse, the worse thing by far are the seemingly random crashes, not only do these only seem to happen at intense moments but when they do happen you have to play about 10 mins worth of cutscenes and dialogue all over again!  Overall 3 sub-par episodes, but 2 amazing ones, ruined by bugs and crashes, I can't recommend this game. However I can say, all the people saying the new characters are terrible are really blind, they have some good character in them(past episode 3) its just that clementine is a nostalgic charcter that has been milked too much. S4s plot seems interesting but if it goes the same way as this game I am not buying."
,Not Recommended,536220,32080489,Posted: 31 May,all,Merceditas,"So basically I wasted hours of my life playing this game only to find out that ALL of my choices are messed up. The save system of Tell Tale Games is basically useless. I was excited to play the Episode 5 today but I couldn't continue because when I saw the recap of Episode 4, it totally messed my choices up. I was gonna restart Episode 4 to fix it but when I saw the recap of Episode 3, it messed it up again!!!!!! -- the choices were COMPLETE OPPOSITE from what I originally chose!!!! Wtf?!?!Until the save system makes sense (or if it doesn't mess other people's choices up anymore) I'm afraid I cannot recommend this to a friend."
76561198046015574,Not Recommended,536220,32074064,Posted: 30 May,all,Ahab,"Unless you are really into the characters and story, I can't recommend this. Tecnically speaking the series has gone a long way since the first game, but gameplay hasn't really improved, the overall plot has gone stale and animations/camera/direction in general are still quite awkward, which is a big deal for this kind of game."
76561198308068337,Not Recommended,536220,28715343,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Danite,"Short and dissapointing, im still going to stick aroud till the end of the season at least, because i've paid for it, hopefull Telltale will sort themselves out before they finish the series. Compared to season 1 and 2,season 3 is very short, uninteresting and overall dissapointing. Eventually I felt I was only playing the game to get it over with."
76561198047342604,Not Recommended,536220,31693870,Posted: 11 May,all,Dio Brando,Get sexually harrased by your brothers wife simulator.10/10 would be forced to babysit brothers ♥♥♥♥♥♥ emo son again
,Not Recommended,536220,30385001,Posted: 7 March,all,Chaotic Innovator,"So many optimization issues and lightning glitches, cannot recommend."
76561197972269312,Not Recommended,536220,30853678,Posted: 31 March,all,Ebichu,"Telltale Games, in the beginning with Walking Dead Season 1 was no doubt a rollercoaster ride that brought about a wide range of emotions that set the bar for interactive story telling. Since then we visited Pandora, Gotham, Westeros, and soon GOTG.However at this point I think we all know that the tagline ""caters to how you play"" is just me saying meaningless things that all end up at the same point of the story. I think the new frontier is an all time low.No this isn't due to not being able to control the ""main character"" it it genuinely getting disheartening when the choices you make don't matter and that you're just along for the ride. Temper your expectations and you're bound to get the usuall TellTale Flare. For me I honestly cannot recommend this season."
,Not Recommended,536220,34300611,Posted: 16 August,all,Aloof_Panda,"I LOVED season 1, season 2 not as much, season 3 was ♥♥♥♥. It's far of course from season 1&2. Not bad, but not good. Just some QTEs, dialouge, and sometimes pressing W.""Clementine's story will continue."" Just end the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ series already."
76561198123464074,Not Recommended,536220,33511730,Posted: 13 July,all,Ughash,"Overall oponion Meh, only buy this game if its on sale I wouldn't spend full price.The story felt very forced with little choices you can make, probably 1 BIG choice per episode that will change how the story goes but thats about it! How you interact with people in the end doesn't really matter. This season felt like a filler season just to hype up whats gonna come next in Clems story.This season does impact Clem and her character at the end for instance mine was a survivial stratigistSome characters deaths were so disapointing leave you feeling like ""They should've had a epic death and not some RKO Outta no where death.""5/10 I see no reason to go back and replay this season at all"
76561198327308709,Not Recommended,536220,29409504,Posted: 21 January,all,HeroSyaz,"Hi telltale . i am a huge fan of twd , but season 3 was totally different than the 1st and 2nd season , way off , and the episode are getting shorter . One episode in season 1 took about  2hrs ? One episode in season 2 took about 1 hr 45mins . And now one episode in season 3 , only takes 1 hr 10mins !!!! Pls make the twd season 3 , episode 3 to 5 longer , get to play clementine longer so that it would link to season 1 and 2 !!!!"
,Not Recommended,536220,32812158,Posted: 26 June,all,JoshBruce,"It's like playing a standalone game and clementine's just thrown in for the cash grab, less connected to the characters so you don't care who lives or dies, clementine doesn't even act like clementine at times stealing when it was one of the things she was against, i'm surprised how bad this season was kenny and jane's death write offs were terrible i actually laughed at kenny's death it was that bad"
,Recommended,536220,31401297,Posted: 27 April,all,Novus,"This game had hard decisions, very lovely characters and some good plottwists.It has the same level of storytelling as the first 2 games.You still cant change the whole game with your decisions and moves but you feel like doing something atleast.Episode 4 really hits the feels and got some heartbreaking moments, I never experienced with a book or movie.I can recommend it to everyone who likes a awesome story and good characters without playing to much."
,Not Recommended,536220,31249228,Posted: 19 April,all,wilson the hamknight,"Telltale seems to have gone with the nuclear option in order to get out of choice limitation. Everything from the first 2 seasons doesnt really matter in this one so they sorta scrapped clems story giving the player flashbacks as to how they got to where they are now. Like many others I lost my save when episode 3 came around which was another thing preventing me from properly enjoying this game. The problem with this type of game is the design aspect sure the story can be great but overall the choices cant make as big an impact as most players are looking for, hence why telltale just kinda tossed poor clem into the side roll."
76561198108998501,Not Recommended,536220,32086769,Posted: 31 May,all,Dadork,"Remember all those things that made this gaming franchise unfortgettable, emotional and beautiful in the the past seasons ? Well, replay the first and second season instead of wasting your money of this piece of garbage. Completely uninteresting, cliche characters, a plot that is at least equally as bad as said characters and story telling so poor that I smashed my hand against my face at least several times because it was that awful. I mean, apparently in the zombie apocolypse your brain starts to slowly decay, as EVERY single charcter in this game acts so unbelievably stupid and unrealistic that I would probably kill myself rather than fighting along with any of the persons presented in the game. They even ruined the whole character model of Clementine, I did not think they could screw up that badly as Clementine was one of the most iconic persons in previous seasons but they did. Seriously, do NOT touch this game in any case if you are a fan of the past seasons, because you will only remember this one as an utter disgrace to the franchise. Not only is it bad as a The Walking Dead game, it is even one of the worst games i played in general."
76561198059819006,Not Recommended,536220,31106278,Posted: 12 April,all,Smeson✯,Should have stopped after second season.
76561197978578665,Not Recommended,536220,29457269,Posted: 23 January,all,vmr.bliss,Game does not follow on from the previous seasons based on your choices.Game is too short.Game is over priced.
76561198119153581,Not Recommended,536220,29596189,Posted: 30 January,all,NEON,"ConsRemember how I said TellTale games were ALWAYS good? Well. You'd expect this one to get you right into the feels. I am very easily influenced by video games, but after playing the first 2 episode. Which are the only 2 released so far which I find dumb. It didn't have a big impact on me. I also disliked the fact that you couldn't go back to certain point and replay them. I had to replay an entire episode because I missclicked, I guess if you don't care it doesn't matter but it bothered me a lot because it affects the events in the next episode. But it boils down to the typical ""Keep yourself alive, or those around you"". There was nothign special, and then it becomes a ""Kill him or don't"". The first one was great. I'm not sure if TellTale took any feedback on what we wanted for the next games. But It does not seem like it. I am sad I could not run this game on High, instead I ran it on Low to Medium. There are also a lot of graphical glitches and errors, I didn't mind too much though since I don't pay attention to detail when i play on low. Another thing that really disapoints me, and this is just personal preference, is the child. I personal do not like children, and how Clem in portrayed as a mother figure annoys me. At the same time she is way too anti social. I get that she grew up in a F*cking wasteland and she trusts no one, but I cannot relate to her at all anymore compared to the first games. I also do not like not playing as Clem. I don't know if they wanted to make it like teh first game, but it doesn't work.ProsThe atmosphere is very strong and I enjoy games with a serious, grim, and almost depressing atmosphere. The game does a well job of keeping you going, you don't stay in one spot too long to the point where you just want to stop.SummaryOverall this games a 3.5/10 for me as it stands right. This review may change with the release of episode 3.Cheers all."
,Not Recommended,536220,29109423,Posted: 7 January,all,Bryan,"What the hell Javi! You breaking the bro code.As far as episode 1 and 2, they are extremely short and that is disappointing. The story is okay, and I enjoyed the backstory. I absolutely hate the fact that it says your choices change the story. Realistically, no matter what you choose to do, it will end up being the same thing.Seriously, KILLING KENNY? That is a dead give away that our choices do not matter. Lets take the easy way out instead of writing a story that shows the character choices actually matter. -_- I also think they went a little to far with killing off Mariana.There is also the fact that you play as Javi, and you meet with clementine. There is bias because we know clemetine from the prior games, so of course we are going to side with her no matter what. Dramatic irony, but it seems like we are supposed to make decisions based off of not knowing her previously. I think they could have put a little more time into actually making our choices matter."
76561198060560549,Not Recommended,536220,31861945,Posted: 20 May,all,Red.,So boring I'm falling asleep everytime I play a new episode zZzzZz. Episodes take forever to get released and then they just end up being disappointing.The TWD show has gone to sh!t and so has the game. :) (:
76561198044334481,Not Recommended,536220,29600283,Posted: 30 January,all,2hotking,"if i were to compare this game to the its predesscors than i would have to say this game is a load of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ One its extremely short compared to the season 1 and 2. Second the choices you make dont matter regardless of what ever you do. Last but not least the plot is terrible, like  comeon give me Clementine as the main character not some idiot new face. Alright ill stop my ranting, overall this game could have been so much better. All i am going to say is buy at your own risk and expense. Have a great night!!"
76561198360271636,Recommended,536220,34319542,Posted: 17 August,all,StanLee_,I miss you Leesee u clem
,Recommended,536220,32104885,Posted: 1 June,all,Clementine,Wow i liked this game alot! The chracters were very good! Ofcourse this game isnt better then the first one! But its till an amazing game! I have to say good job telltale choices finally matter (most in the last episode) But i still dont get it why you guys will dislike this game? Most of them arent even good reasons!
,Not Recommended,536220,31579280,Posted: 6 May,all,Leqii,"Honestly a huge dissapointment, now I know how my dad felt when he had me."
76561197988562209,Not Recommended,536220,29443411,Posted: 23 January,all,Laiziras,Worst game from them so far and last one im buying before the full game is out if even then
76561198071898410,Not Recommended,536220,29077059,Posted: 6 January,all,Mr.Cat,"Pros:Very good graphicsRuns smoothlyGame seems like its actually realZombies look pretty spookyCons:Very shortVery easy decisionsNo hard partsThe mood of the characters randomly change for no reasonKenny diedYour decisions have no affect on the gameThey try to make the game sad by killing a character we have known for 20 minutesJust plain boringI don't hate the game, but its pretty bad.I would wait until they release the next episodes so the game seems longer."
,Recommended,536220,28522492,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The wongoli,"Just get this game if you played Season's 1 & 2 of The Walking Dead. Hell if you're new to Telltale's Walking Dead pick it up anyway, seriously this season is a new character's story.I probably should write this review after completing the game completely......BUTT ♥♥♥♥ IT!It seems like this game at release is getting mixed reactions from the fan base which isn't unusual because the fans are REALLY invested into the story and series (Hey just look at what happened with Mass Effect).Let me just say, BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LOVE TELLTALE'S WALKING DEADSrly, it's like any other Telltale game. I think the fans are just disappointed that Clementine (The star and hero of the series as a whole) isn't the center of attention when it comes to the story. That and the fact that you can'tsaveanyone who you thought you did in the previous seasons. The infamous saying ""choice is an illusion"" coincides with this. I'm not entirely sure if this is a spoiler but....my Clem made it to Wellington and it's not confirmed if Kenny is dead, I just never heard from him again. Just sayin.You're not*really*playing Clementine in in this game so a lot of people are going to be disappointed, you're playing as a new character named Javier who has a really good fleshed out backstory so far that has a lot to do with internal family conflict. He's a really great addition to The Walking Dead and like the previous Walking Dead games the choices are just black and white. Javier's a very relatable character if you're in your 20s, there isn't really any reason to not like his character.As for Clementine, the only parts you can play as her are her flashbacks that are set between Season's 2 of the previous game and Javier's story. To be honest, I really like what Telltale brought us this year. You get to see Clementine make her own choices around you based off of her character in the previous games and you get to see it.For example,when you first meet Clementine she's tempted to rob you, more specifically she wants to steal a chocolate bar that you wanted to give to your niece. I told Clementine that she shouldn't steal it because it was for my family. Because Lee and Kenny taught her the importance of family, she decided to give it back and she trusts Javier a little more, a subtle detail about Clementine that rewards people who've played this game since the first season. If she just took it because she knew she had the upper hand, it would have made all the experience and decisions of the previous game useless.I'm not entirely sure if thats the same for other people's playthroughs but little details like that make long time players feel rewarded for being with Clem since the beginning.All in all, the graphics are amazing, voice acting is top notch as to be expected, and if you like other Telltale games you should enjoy this one. If you decide to buy it, have a good one ;DP.Sif at any point you get a chance to smack Gabe in other episodes, do it! ♥♥♥♥ that little turd, and keep him away from Clem!"
76561198108104820,Not Recommended,536220,32069687,Posted: 30 May,all,Aghyad,"I just finished the last episode and I must say I was really disappointed, nothing much happens through out the whole game, there isn't much to tell, poor story and so little about Clementine and then at the end they tell you that her story shall continue so they can make season 4... so my advice is to play season 1 and 2 skip this one and wait for 4 :p"
76561198094830082,Not Recommended,536220,32166588,Posted: 3 June,all,majitobravomacias,"It was okay. The final episode was the best by far.I hated Kate and David. They were both useless to me. David was reckless and Kate wanted the easy way out, always.I didn't like Javi so much, but I guess he was okay. I wanted to see more of Clem, she was the only reason I bought the game.I'll be waiting for the next season! GIVE US MORE OF CLEM! :)"
,Not Recommended,536220,32718134,Posted: 24 June,all,Ruzen,"Easily worst season in the series. Cringy lines buffed, character developments nerfed very hard. Trying to tell lots of things in very short time and fails miserably. Won’t recommend it even on -75% sale.The technical side is awful too! Medium&long range people, zombies or any other animated things turning into gif. or animations getting weird on screen.Exploration got nerfed very hard too but strangely now we have 20 of these: press W for 3 seconds, scenes. Not to mention this is the shortest chapter of all. Which leads me to the conclusion to, this game is pure cash grab!I have to decide who gets to live or die just because main char exchanged few words with him/her? Who cares!?Edit:It’s the worst idea to trying to bond the main character with a supporting character by showing flashbacks about that supporting character with completely different side character! This is absolutely a travesty."
76561198135652847,Recommended,536220,28520097,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sami,"I JUST FINISHED EPISODE 2 AND I CANNOT WAIT! Who else was thinking, ""WTF"" at that cliffhanger? Very great game, only troubles with it is a laggy mouse which I can't seem to fix no mattr how low I put my graphics. /:"
76561198064318818,Recommended,536220,28519404,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,finduilas,"Great new characters, good story and Clementine is awesome! It looks great, too."
,Recommended,536220,29613164,Posted: 31 January,all,Febbe,Very nice
,Recommended,536220,28675953,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,tommosaur,"I'd give it a 70-75/100.Plus:-It has Clem and Clem is badass at this point, almost worryingly tough-It's a new season of TWD adventure series which so far in some parts was excellent, in others at worst usually still ok-Some of the sceneries are nice and some of the characters are interestingMinus:-It feels a bit rushed, not in presentation or production quality, but rather the plot itself. It's like you're rushed from one unlucky situation to the next with very few plot in between and very few time to let it breath and evolve as in build a connection to the people and places.In one moment we get introduced to some interesting people, in the next half of them are killed. In one moment we get to a really nice new place, in the next moment it gets turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥again.Sure, it's TWD, so most things are expected to go to♥♥♥♥♥♥at some point, but i feel like these two first episodes didn't take enough time to actually allow connecting with places and people and when one does that too much, well, it turns to all not matter much anymore.I hope they get the balance there better again over the next few episodes, because in general i'm still into seeing where the story takes us with the more grown up Clem and the new frontier."
,Recommended,536220,28498235,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pi3,"If I'm honest, I didn't expect much from it.I'm far from disliking it though.But right now, the game feels really poorly optimized.I know, I'm making this review on day 1 of the game. But constantly having the game randomly freeze every five or ten seconds, not long freezes, like, half a second, was just enough to make me not play the second episode until they release some patches.Tossing all those aside, with what I saw in the first episode, I'm expecting a good plot. As always."
76561198097675773,Not Recommended,536220,31380442,Posted: 26 April,all,Enyo,"I'm a huge fan of The Telltale games and especially The Walking Dead. I loved the first 2 seasons, they were story rich, lots of investigating, interacting, more decision making. I wish I could give thumbs up to season 3 but I can't. Just finished playing through episode 4. I like Javi & David's story but the episodes are really short (1-2 hrs max), not a lot of interaction or searching/moving, not enough Clem & hate how Kate is so pushy. Most I hatedthat they killed Kenny, after all the trouble I went through to keep him alive."
,Not Recommended,536220,28738366,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sewersider,"Really poorly optimised on a technical level. Played Season 1 and 2 in preparation for this and found the performance of the game amzaingly bad in comparison. Very difficult to control due to cursor lag and even on low settings (where not only does the game look worse then S2 but it's stuttery as all heck). It might be an issue with my computer, but I haven't had any issues with other recent major releases.The new protag Javier seems nice enough but his family are pretty unlikable. You'd think growning up in a zombie apocalypse would have forced some people to mature a little, but it really feels like the characters have had no exposure to survival for the last four years and have somehow skipped immeadiately from the intro the 'present day' without having to look after themselves.On the whole a really disappointing game compared to the previous seasons. And that's not even mentioning Clementine, fancy investing 2 previous games of character development on Clementine only jump to these chumps?!Hopefully the next few episodes will improve things."
76561198078687525,Not Recommended,536220,32097132,Posted: 31 May,all,♥Real Smug!♥,"Now, I have always loved the walking dead games up until now.The main reason I don't like this game is normally it makes no sense, like when Kate miraculously survives an explosion that should've killed her! Sometimes the subtitles aren't even right and the animation looks worse than it did in previous games... I also don't really like any of the characters except for of course Clem and AJ, and I played through this whole game! I felt no connection throughout the gameplay with anyone else, and this makes me not care about who lives and dies.Everything feels so rushed, this game might have been good and worth someones time if it had a little thing called effort put into it. I love telltale games but this was pretty bad compared to the previous games in the series."
,Not Recommended,536220,32601088,Posted: 20 June,all,Venetia,"I lovedTWD:S1. The characters were memorable—whether you liked them or didn't, you generally could form an opinion about everyone (and watch it change over time). The story was simple (but made sense), didn't get ahead of itself, and the outcomes were reasonable. Some character reactions were lousy, but nothing felt cheap or forced. Most importantly: it felt like your choices mattered.Great game.InS2, the characters were, IMO, mostly awful (except the ones who came back from S1). I don't even remember the names of most of them. Clem was a dynamo, but your choices felt much less like they mattered, but the actions & reactions which resulted mostly made sense, and didn't feel too horribly forced. The endings were decent, though.Kinda meh, for the most part.In A New Frontier,S3, everything sucks and almost nothing you do matters one whit.Be a true-blue friend, doing nothing but being supportive of the people you care about? Well ♥♥♥♥ you, they will backstab you or fight you regardless, for absolutely no reason.Care about characters from S1 or S2? Well their outcomes are told to you in basically the lamest, most terrible pieces of lazy writing I've ever seen.The main character is kinda lame TBH and basically just gets♥♥♥♥♥♥upon by everyone else and is expected to suck it up. If you defend yourself, nothing but bad♥♥♥♥♥♥comes from it. If you are presented with a situation where you feel like you should be SCREAMING for justice, you are given no options and you've got to sit there with your thumb up your butt.This universe must be the same as Final Destination's because every damn determinant character just gets killed off eventually, usually in the most terse or lame ways you can imagine, and it honestly feels like the ONLY reason for any of their deaths is because Telltale felt lazy. Their deaths don't really affect the story at all. The season ended with a couple more determinants who I'm sure will be quickly and summarily executed in S4.The characters are better, for the most part, than S2's. But they're still mostly awful and I'm sure I'll forget most of their names shortly.I wish they'd brought their A-game to this, like they did with S1, A Wolf Among Us, and Tales from the Borderlands.Instead it's just lame and I feel annoyed having wasted my time on it.:/"
76561198042444134,Not Recommended,536220,33216420,Posted: 3 July,all,NiLLiS,"I can't recommend this game unfortunately. That's not to say it's a horrible game though, but it's certainly not a very good one. It can be enjoyable in parts, but overall it's just rather bland, a bit boring, and doesn't have enough substance to be in this interactive story format. Season one was one of my favourite experiences, even with its clunkyness / flaws. Season two wasn't quite as impactful, but was still a good story with a lot going on underneath the surface and some rather good characters and character development. Season three seems to steer away from the style of those two games.It's just not very personal, and it certainly forces you much more in plot and character building than ever in the previous seasons, which did really bother me actually. Even when the game gives you some options, the next bit of action or dialogue can go entirely against what you just did or said. You cannot deny the forced romance until episode four, and even after that, even if you've taken every choice to not show any interest in that, you still go through the plot as if you had done the romance. That's the kind of lack of control here. Furthermore, if you think someone is responsible for a mess, and they've been a utterly horrible person throughout, you can't even tell them off. And even if you see that one of the bad guys isn't actually that bad and no evidence has been provided that he'd been bad in any way, and loads of evidence of the contrary has been viewed, they still flip out in the end and you are forced to hate that person. You can literally say ""I agree, that's a good idea"" to that person, and the next minute your character behaves as if you never said that, and you never thought that. The previous seasons of course also had illusion of choice for a lot of things, and a lot of the choices had more to do with how the characters behave around you, and how your character behaves, and that way how the story is told. But in this game, way too often that's simply not possible, and even the illusion of choice is not there anymore, but rather whatever you say or do very often leads to situations of the opposite choices.There's a bit more to it too I think. The style of the game, on top of the choices, is strangely a bit different somehow. It just feels much more boring somehow. There's even less actual gameplay, and everything seems to happen more out of reasons like ""you know, it's been quiet for a while, maybe a walker should pop up here so there's a bit of action"". But there's no real suspense in that, the situations just do not have any weight, and feel like filler, and dealing with them feels simply boring or at least arbitrary. Then the writing feels more like a cheap movie or tv-show, rather than the more to point in earlier seasons, especially the first one. It's people explaining their feelings for no apparent reason. People flipping out, when a minute ago they were fine. People doing rash judgement calls when it doesn't suit the situation or the character that far. It feels more like the latest seasons of the tv-series, and the situations they put you in are very similiar, with very much the same sort of theatrics prioritised, rather than more down to earth style things. That I feel like is one of the key differences to the prevoius seasons as well. Here it's all a massive soapy drama, whereas in the past seasons it's always been more about a small group of people moving through areas, their lives, surviving and dealing with each other, and all of the personal stories and difficulties that come from that. Then added to that are some slightly bigger scenarios and situations, but only for some time. Here we're basically dealing with this big bad bandit city with the goal of beating the bad guys, through the whole season. This is not a story like the ones before, about characters. This is a story about the bandit situation really, with some rather cliche (fear the walking dead style) family drama added in, also with irrational behaviour driving it no matter what you do. Also, we're dealing with very boring and lazy written big bad gansters here. No effort at all went to these characters, and no development of those characters take place. People are killed of pretty randomly, such as suddenly someone shoots them in the head for no apparent reason at the time, and really, it's just a really lazy way to go for shock value in my opinion. You are put in situations that make little sense in terms of decision making. Somebody rats you off, but is fine when their long-time and most valued friend is being murdered because of it, just to get back to you, a random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. And as inexplicably as in the show, the general public are just totally fine with the psychopathic and sociopathic behaviour of their leaders, and the amount of henchmen for them is unlimited. Characters follow you blindly without good reason, and sometimes go crazy at you for less than convincing reasons, etc. It's just all a too big of a mess, and feels low effort, low quality writing, characters, reactions and decision making.Not playing as Clem is a tad disappointing, but I could live with that. The thing is, she's sort of demoted to another random character here, and because she's still with your group so much, it leads to you kind of desperately trying to lead her being the character you have been making her the past two seasons, from the outside. I honestly think it was a bad idea to do this. If this was a separate story without her, it would work better (although then the one character you actually care about would be gone), or then just make it Clem's story as it just feels like that's what this game series really should be.Then there are graphical glitches, stretching textures / player models, really unprofessional stuff. A lot of audio problems as well, but this is a continuing problem from other TT games as well, and probably has to do with the engine somehow. The quality of this game just seems strangely amateurish all around. And then when you add the fact that the game is about 7 hours long, less if you rush through it (I took my time, if someone says this is 10h or something, they're idling, no other way to get there), it really is impossible to recommend this game. I got it on sale -50%, and I'm still a bit unsure if it's worthy of that price. The way they've approach making this game is certainly not something that should be supported. I hope they learn their lesson and get their act together for the next season. If not, this game series won't survive that blow I reckon, at least not in my books."
76561198092600947,Not Recommended,536220,32001242,Posted: 27 May,all,Technoself,I loved the first and second walking dead games but this one is terrible in comparison. it doesnt make you care about the characters or story and the animation is the worst i've ever seen it in ANY of Taletails games. major disapointment not worth the money
76561198009635992,Not Recommended,536220,31437940,Posted: 29 April,all,Randomness,"If you have played The Walking Dead Season 1 & 2, you will know those games had a deep story, good character development and were... just beautiful (less the odd bug or two :) ).With The Walking Dead: A New Frontier; you get a half made game with a half baked story.The episodes this game are the shortest I've seen in a Telltale Games series (at least at this stage).Unlike the previous games their were cliff hangers between the episodes and you felt like you choices made a real impact on the overall story. In this game however, all your choices don't make any difference to the overall story.I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone. I would happily change this if Telltale Games fixed the issues in this game.But, unfortunately it appears that Telltale Games are not interested in fixing up the game.To top it off; at the end of every episode there is an ad suggesting you to buy another one of their 'games'.Games shouldn't be have ad's put into them full stop.Nice work Telltale Games. You have turned a great franchise into nothing more then a pile of garbage in less than it took to make two great The Walking Dead games."
76561198367635576,Not Recommended,536220,31379620,Posted: 26 April,all,my nama jeff,"Alright as a movie, but choices seem pointless, I am almost always thrust into people thinking I love that girl, but I have made every choice in order to stay away from it."
,Not Recommended,536220,31465151,Posted: 30 April,all,Kat,"Who is Javi next to Clemen-♥♥♥♥ing-tine? I feel bad that I can't really play with her...Also, after finishing the 4th chapter I can only say that the narrative seems like any from the TV series, which I think is terrible. I'm REALLY getting tired of these plots with a corrupted city/leader/group of people... ugh!After the GEM that was Season Two, the third game falls short."
76561197995737016,Not Recommended,536220,31384273,Posted: 26 April,all,McCl@ne,"I am a huge telltale fan and play them all.but this one breaks my heart.there are so many bugs in the grapichs and its like your discisions dosent do any diffrence.i shoot the black guy from the airstrip in the head, when he treathend Clem and now and episode 4 he is suddently back? i will ofc play this game to its done and hope they will make another. but i hope they will go back to the old style where you could feel the time used in develpment, this feel empty like they have rushed it.i can not recomend this game if you havent played the two others. but if you have and you wanna go on with the story you have used so much time on, its not up to debate you have to play it and see how clemtine have turned out. i fear thow no matter how you have made your story it makes no diffrence in her personalty, im tempted to play the others in a new way to see if im right. but i probbaly wont cuz it will just make me sad if im right."
76561198258818908,Not Recommended,536220,31461850,Posted: 30 April,all,Curiosity,Short epidode and same thing as ever = Telltale Games
76561198067760029,Not Recommended,536220,32222786,Posted: 6 June,all,Brsrk,"Ok so...how do we even start...This is by far the weakest of all 3 episodes...and I mean BY FAR...80% of the new characters I do not want to see them again, they are either annoying of so ♥♥♥♥in cliche that you left thinking that the writers are watching to manny TV novels...Clementine is a bad♥♥♥♥♥as ever and thats good, but then it comes to a point that it falls off.The ending, at least the one that I got leave's so many ♥♥♥♥in hangers its annoying, not really the ones that you are excited to wait for...just plain annoying...A few pointers from someone that has played the 2 previous games and that did a few times so I could see what happened with different decisions...this one just seems like a waste to  play again...that said...worst of the series, not good or bad...if you played the other 2 well...wait for a sale and buy it so you can continue the story"
76561198074322635,Not Recommended,536220,35410665,Posted: 2 October,all,jwanaps,"This TWD title, was the worst of the series. I'm a massive fan of Tell Tale's. But besides certain parts in Ep's 1 and 2, this game was a true 'Horror' game. 4/10.Disappointed."
76561198221942712,Not Recommended,536220,32076965,Posted: 30 May,all,_prologuer_,From easily-forgotten characters to choices that didn't matter nor felt good while choosing (unlike past seasons) this game just butchered the Telltale legacy (if minecraft already hadn't done it). Poorly made and multiple errors that should have been fixed plus not being able to play single chapters is a stupid if not the worst decision in the making of this game. It's like they never wanted us to explore alternate ending or choices in the first place.It was good to see Clementine evolve but appart from thatit's not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,536220,32071016,Posted: 30 May,all,[Woop] Co0kie,I really did not care for the new protagonist and my favourite character got killed by a stupid car accident.
76561198023786151,Not Recommended,536220,32075557,Posted: 30 May,all,Trashy_Hobo,"Despite being TTG TWD, this season sucks♥♥♥♥♥ the final episode was how it should have been from the start. But even the final episode ended okay, huge spoilers by the ♥♥♥♥ing poster they made totally ruined the feelz (not that I cared about Kate in the first place) Despite this season being♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm looking forward for the next season and hoping that it's better than this garbage peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198097174055,Not Recommended,536220,32076447,Posted: 30 May,all,AhhCobras,"Gameplay is exactly the same as the previous Walking Dead. However, the plot to this is garbage and adds little to the bigger picture. I would not recommend buying unless it goes on sale for <$5."
,Not Recommended,536220,32580783,Posted: 19 June,all,[LL] Dudsmack,"Feels like the series is losing it's charm.Very few choices matter; within moments of making a decision the outcome is scrubbed to keep the story going. Feels like you're stuck in a story corridor that just pushes you along for the ride. Dialog options often didn't line up to what I thought character would actually say - many of which felt completely out of character. Moments of tension were often so obvious they became laughable. Choices from season 2 don't matter.No real puzzles to solve. Almost no environmental exploration - just a bunch of lenient quick time events. Even aiming has been largely replaced by just hitting ""Q"" and ""E"".Feels like developers rushed to put out the door. Lots jump animations, camera angles that suddently snap into place, and odd model placement (actions don't line up with what their target but cause an effect, objects clipped into the ground, etc).Chapters are considerbly shorter than previous games. My steam account's ~13 hour recorded playtime accounts for two people doing complete play-thoughs with a few breaks thrown in."
76561198011810582,Not Recommended,536220,32770200,Posted: 25 June,all,Buffy,"Telltale always knows how to create good characters, interesting scenes and has a hand for lovely music and voice actors. The story part was always their weakpoint though and this time it hit rock bottom. I enjoyed parts of it, but most of the time it was plain ridiculous and painful to play.- Characters behaving loyal in one scene, then betraying you in the next for absolutely no reason and going against their entire nature, leaving you with only extreme (and boring) decisions.- Walkers appearing randomly at the most ridiculous places.- Once again a ""choose between"" thing, which doesn't matter, cause everyone dies anyways.- Characters and Walker behavouir going against any logic.- Also Telltale doesn't really get, they have to let some characters live in order for people to care. Once again pretty much everyone is again dead. Yeah, yeah lots of people die in TWD, but overuse it and it loses it's effect, just like in the show. Several deaths were just lazy writing and that shouldnt happen.It is so sad. They have done masterpieces like TWD Season 1, Wolf among us and their best game to day: Borderlines, but they really need to step up their story game on this or they will lose the franchise soon."
76561198347212526,Not Recommended,536220,33037755,Posted: 30 June,all,EmperorGibby,Season 3 seems more like a cash grab as the illusion of choice is very noticable and every bit of diagloge that you controll ends with the person you are speaking to saying the same thing. Every episode ends the same with your character getting trapped in someway. The characters are boring the only two good ones are Javier because he is the main character but even then he isn't that interesting and Clemintime because its Clemintime. The worst thing is you hardly play as Clemintime. I can only reccomend buying this game is to carry on the story of season 1 and 2.
76561197967938517,Not Recommended,536220,32078896,Posted: 30 May,all,Cagey,"This feels totally rushed.I loved the first two seasons - the characters were believable and the story seemed much more interactive.The New Frontierjust seems completely different. Dull characters, dull story and utterly uninspiring. Gameplay involves just clicking onto the next dialog without very much action or choice. When you do have full control, most of the time it's just to find a single object and then it's back to listening to more dull dialog.On previous seasons, you wanted to go back and see what effect your choices made. This time around, it doesn't feel like your choices have any effect. Forced relationships (Kate and David) are terrible - your decisions still lead to the same outcome. I really struggled to complete the game - not because it was difficult, but because it was sodull. Worst TWD yet. If you really want to experience this ""game"", you're probably better off watching a ""Lets Play"" on YouTube."
,Not Recommended,536220,32080625,Posted: 31 May,all,desertkona,"Ok first thing first I don't like this game, because its below my expectation and worse than previous two season.But I do like the continuation of clementine story. I do like her story I want to know more.I don't care about Javier family or story, I just want to know about clementineDon't buy this with the full price wait for sale maybe 50% discount, it maybe worth your time. ()"
,Not Recommended,536220,32156997,Posted: 3 June,all,spaig.nick,"This season is a joke, clem looked awful, especially with the new haircut, the company is runin gthis game I am telling you. they think a little bit approvement in graphics will do something but facts that they are wrong. Very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,536220,33074678,Posted: 1 July,all,Ninaran,"CONSTANT in-game advertisements for their ""oh so cool Telltale account and great benefits!"", choices that don't make any sense (like ""Tell Him Off"" meaning that he's going to lose his marriage instead of you defending yourself against his own accusations), Characters that are too stupid to be alive in a zombie apocalypse being unable to realize that a well stocked place full of food with a vehicle full of gas might be owned by someone who might get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥And if that wasn't bad enough, the performance is just horrible. Considering how it looks and how little actually happens, it gets constant stutter and freezeframes. Not to mention the graphical bugs.Skip this."
76561198131750942,Not Recommended,536220,29069001,Posted: 6 January,all,TrY_Me_bAbY,The game crash after two seconds I started playing in the first chapter. If anyone can help me I would very appreciate it
,Not Recommended,536220,32078158,Posted: 30 May,all,celery man,"meh   writing wasnt as a good as season 1. get better writers, telltale"
,Not Recommended,536220,32777991,Posted: 25 June,all,Megumi Kato,"Don't buy a new frontier, unless it on sale.A new frontier is rush and full of dull story and dialouge.The choice you can make is completely worse than the first 2 season.The graphic and art feel rush in some point. Make it look like season one.The story didn't feel statify, and the character is just DULL.There are less interaction in gameplay. Such as walk around to find some item and spend time talk to people.In this season, spend time talk with other people is not important and the dialouge just crap.6/10"
76561197974892018,Not Recommended,536220,32581862,Posted: 19 June,all,b00mstick,"Let me first say that I think a lot of the negative reviews I read before purchasing this game are unfair.  It has an enthralling story, the new characters are well done and interesting, and I would argue that Clementine is fairly central to the plot, and not relegated to the sideline like may others have said.So why the thumbs down?  Two main reasons.  The first is an issue I have with all telltale games - your choices really don't matter.  They seem to, but if you watch closely you realize that much of the writing is meant to shoehorn you down a set path regardless of what you choose.  Unfortunately, this is even more blatant in this game than in many other Telltale games... As a for instance:*Minor Spoiler*At one point I chose to kill a character that another character was close with.  I then chose a dialog option to tell him shortly thereafter, despite the fact that the game seemed to be encouraging me not to tell him.  He was mad, but almost immediately got over it because other stuff started happening.  Later in the game, another character was mad at my character and told the same guy, ""hey, he killed this guy earlier.""  Now, given my earlier choice, this should have been old news.  But suddenly, it's as if I had never told him in the first place, he loses his mind and there is a huge rift in the group.... Because there needed to be, for the plot, so screw the choice I made earlier.The second issue I have, and this is unique to this season of the walking dead, is that it feels rushed.  It's all action and crazy shooting/fighting/running/etc, but it really doesnt give itself any time to breathe and truly let these (interesting!) characters develop into fully realized, complex ones.  As such, It took me less than 8 hours to beat, and I was certainly not rushing through it.  It's less than half the length of pretty much every other Telltale game."
76561198013047242,Not Recommended,536220,32903280,Posted: 27 June,all,Maple-Syrup,biggest let down to a decent series.
,Not Recommended,536220,32912639,Posted: 27 June,all,✪「fipk」 パニック,"*Just finished the game about 15 minutes ago and right now eating some watermelon writing this so the story is well engraved in my mind.  tl;dr at end.Game is told from Javier Garcias's point of view.  Clementine is considered a side character throughout this whole game, but at the end it's told that ""Clementine's story will continue"" making me believe that this whole game is just a third person narative of Clementine's action throughout the game.  I like the story.  Not amazing, but I liked it.The story is faster compared to the other games in the series.  Last two seasons took me 10+ hours each to finish and this one I finished in ~7 hours.  Each episode lasted a little bit over an hour.  A little disappointed on the front.  Not worth full price.  Worth it when it's on sale.Animation is... a little off.  Some of the small characters have little to no face movement.The lady towards the end that was with Elle (ep.4 I think) pulled a gun and was crying/distraught had a blank facial expression.  Almost like they neglected to animate her.I've had a couple times where the lighting was wrong, and some of the objects flickered (assuming it was the game trying to do the lighting).  I've had one time where my backpack was stretching across the screen.  During the 2-3 episodes, I've had to restart because the game crashed completely or the game decided to place a strobe light in a scene for fun.When I think really think about, the choices don't make that much of impact.  You end up at the same place with just a different circumstance bringing you there.  You can choice to leave Scene A or stay in Scene A, but either one you choose will net you the same result bringing you to Scene B with the chance you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of Friend A, or Friend B, or both.  Now don't get me wrong, some of the choices will straight out kill some people but the main story does go the same way.  Group will go to Scene A to Scene B to Scene C where at the end the choices you made over the rest of the game decide who lives and who dies.  They don't branch off much.Some of the choices are confusing.  You read some of the options and you pick the ""Yes, of course"" option for example and Javier will say it in a sarcastic tone which is exactly the complete opposite of what I wanted.  The one that got me raging a bit wasin a flash back with Javier, Kate and David.  Kate and Javier were flirting then she broke David's glass and David comes in strolling♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off as usual.  Then one of the options was ""Tell him off"".  I assumed it was a ""go f yourself bro"" but instead I tell him that his wife is going to leave him??? What?.  Sometimes the choices were all too similar and I had to go silent because it didn't have the option I wanted.  Example that comes to mind is when you're talking crap about David and I wanted to be a supportive brother but all the options were just being a jerk to him.tl;dr Short Walking Dead game.  Story is fast paced compared to the others and has a few bugs and some minor animation problems.  Not worth at full price imo but if it's on sale for 50%+ or more I'd say worth.Pet peeve time:  Whenever Javi has to interact or do anything that is key for the progression of the story a zombie will always jump his♥♥♥♥♥last second.  And worst thing is, it's ONLY him.  You're trying to grab that important handle that's conveniently placed next to that deaf zombie.  He'll only jump you when you're pretty much feeling him.  Or the famed Dumpster zombie.  People are around it screaming and shooting and at one point has another dumpster slam right up against it but when you get within grab distance from it, he telepathically knows he's there and jumps him."
76561198014920294,Not Recommended,536220,32071162,Posted: 30 May,all,Doctor Baka M.D.,The game's writers should apply for a few writer's room jobs on a couple of Telemundo soap operas. That's about the high level of standard they held this game up to.
,Not Recommended,536220,33333225,Posted: 6 July,all,Megatauntaun,"My problems with this game have most likely already been said in the negative reviews. So, I'll just say its worth a buy on sale, and if you want to know how Clem's doing and where she'll be in the next game. I guess I can say positives. The art direction and character designs look WAY better than the 2 previous seasons, lighting and shadows look good too...IT STILL PERFORMS LIKE CRAP, THE GAME IS TOO SHORT, ENVIORNMENTS ARE FORGETTABLE, THE CHARACTERS ARE BLAND AND UNDERDEVELOPED, THE PLOT IS BORING, CHOICES DON'T MATTER, AND THE MOST FRUSTRATING THING IS... its not a BAD game. Its just so mediocre, safe, and lifeless.  Season 1 had these great, developed characters with thier own personalities, Season 2 had all these memorable locations even in the drab, cold winter. There is really nothing to this game besides being a vehicle for Clem's next journey."
76561198135035980,Not Recommended,536220,35213933,Posted: 25 September,all,Ashleigh Gamer,"If you have an intel computer dont get this games it runs horribly, theres a lot of graphical gliches as well.Sorry telltale should have taken more time on your games and the first 3 were great but this one could use some work."
76561198123258008,Not Recommended,536220,32274420,Posted: 8 June,all,marijan773,"I'm gonna go with  a MIXED mark for this season, don't really know. Besides the lackluster story and really short campaign - 7-8 hrs  long, there is really not a whole lot of stuff, but more badass Clem and the nicely updated engine. Not really sure that after season 3 there is any point in going forward, but I think we all know that Telltale will milk that cow dry, dry, dry with little to no creativity.Buy on deep sale. 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,32165574,Posted: 3 June,all,Kneegan,Worst telltale game ive ever played. And i have played alot of telltale games.
,Not Recommended,536220,28519631,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,l a m b  s a u c e,"As much as the game looks and plays well, the writing has been massively downgraded. Sticking us with characters that are at first interesting, but later on seemed babyed like the zombies haven't been around for a long while. Clem was great because through time life has made her tough and durable while the new people seem soft and whiny. Season 1&2 choices seem to mean nothing to telltale and the way my season 2 ending was dealt with had me feeling cheated and empty. Choices when finishing chapters are way to one siding, showing that choices made are rather easy. So sad to see as season 1 & 2 are some of my favourite games of all time.Oh well, lets just hope they don't screw up wolf among us season 2."
,Recommended,536220,28655744,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,can i have a canca pls,"I was a bit skeptical about the game focusing mainly on Javier and pushing Clementine to the side lines. But now that I have played episode 1 and 2, those worries have all gone away. Javier is a very interesting and likable character.Season 3 has gone way beyond my expectations. To put it blunt... Telltale has nailed it with Season 3, and if all Walking Dead games are as good as season 3? then just keep making them."
,Recommended,536220,28527336,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mashuo,"A good continuation of the The Walking Dead game series.The new main characters point of view is fun, interesting and gives room for a breath of fresh air.If you liked the series before this game then you won't go wrong with this one.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,536220,28534960,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DeathJohnson,"I could potentially recommend this game at some point in the future, but not at full price, and not on the merit of the first two episodes alone (which is all that's released as of the time of this review).With every season of The Walking Dead game, the episodes just keep getting shorter, with less to do, and, if it's even possible, it even seems like choices matter less too (this is more of an opinion than the other points, as choices have always been more or less meaningless, which was obvious enough from episode one of season one).My biggest complaint is probably the length, to be perfectly honest, the end of both episodes left me with the same feeling: ""That's it? Already? I just started!"". I initially planned to play through the couple of episodes over two days, but with how short they were, I finished them both the same day with time to spare. I played the game at a very leisurely pace, exploring everything, talking to everyone, took a 15 minute break to eat while leaving the game running, and paused the game several times throughout to take care of something else, and with all that, the two episodes still took less than 3 hours (oh, and I also got lost once because I couldn't find what I was supposed to do).Part of this is because of what I mentioned earlier, there's so little to do that isn't mandatory. There are a few spots where you can have some short conversations, and that's about it, no puzzles, nothing really thought provoking at all.Gameplay is all simple clicking stuff to interact with, selecting dialogue options, and quicktime events at this point. Which isn't really that big of a deal, this has never been a gameplay heavy series. The thing that confuses me are how arbitrary the quicktime events are now, the same actions are done with completely different user input, and it can be really weird at times. An example is one scene where you use a gun, to shoot something, you use the mouse to aim and click at your target, then, immediately after, to keep shooting at the other targets, you just press 'E' a bunch of times.I feel like having an option to disable quicktime events entirely wouldn't be a bad idea, they really don't add anything to the game in my opinion. They just seem like they exist solely to remind the player that they're playing a video game, and they should stay alert on the controls. There's no sort of challenge in the quicktime events, and the only penalty of dying is basically just being sent back to a few seconds before you died after getting through the Game Over screen.Overall, I don't mind the game itself, and the story it's presenting (aside from some very cheap flashbacks I won't go into for spoiler reasons), but the length is absolutely atrocious, considering the price is about the same as season 1 was on release, it really doesn't seem like the episodes should be somewhere around a third of the length, if that."
,Recommended,536220,28559699,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Willy Milly,Love the game and can't wait for the other seasons to come out a really story rich game
,Recommended,536220,28509480,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Duke of York,"It's decent. I was worried the new characters would ruin the game somehow, but so far, everything's ok! There's still the same atmosphere, difficult choices and tension there was in the past couple of seasons, but I still feel slightly apathetic about this game, as if it's just... alright, and not outstanding. Perhaps it's just me that still needs to adjust to the new things in this game. Anyhow, I fully recommend this!"
,Recommended,536220,28836549,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Professional Jim,trust Jesus
,Recommended,536220,28709423,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Scyrenus,The Walking Depression
76561197971271650,Not Recommended,536220,33117945,Posted: 1 July,all,Kitvek,"Is it just me or are these games getting shorter and shorter?  It was so rushed I didn't have enough time to explore, invest or  care about many of the big decisionis and characters.  In Season 1 when things happened to Lee and other characters around him, it was a real weighty decision which I truely cared about.  My investment in A New Frontier was pretty much ""click a button to unpause the game"".If you're a fan of the franchise, it's better to skip this game and watch the TV series instead."
,Recommended,536220,32099841,Posted: 31 May,all,Venerandum,"More movie than game, The Walking Dead fulfills it's mission to provide an engaging (if predictable) story, filled with thrills, chills, and grisly walker kills."
,Recommended,536220,28604215,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,sᵀ ᴬ ᴿ ᴮ ᴼʏ,"I have always been a hardcore fan of Telltale's The Walking Dead. The first two seasons follow most of the same characters. I am personally attached to Lee and Clementine. When the new season introduced another protagonist, I was a little let down, maybe because I am obsessed with Clementine.The first two episodes of the new season is a welcome experience for a fresh storyline following Javier, although you can experience Clementine's adventure in flashbacks. The storyline never siezes to amaze. I thought Javier's voice acting needed more convincing. But I am very certain that Javier will not fail to impress in his conquest for keeping his 'family' safe and safeguard family matters against conflict of interests with Clementine's story.Episodes 1 and 2 haven't picked up the thrill and momentum yet and I am looking forward to ride along Javier's and Clementine's predicament."
,Recommended,536220,28508966,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,life is fun,Amazing game. Watched the last 2 seasons but had to play this 1 myself. No regrets
,Not Recommended,536220,32092684,Posted: 31 May,all,Kazukazee,It is like a game about Batman but the protagonist is Alfred.
,Not Recommended,536220,32423575,Posted: 14 June,all,KT,"Pro:-Somewhat new storyCon:-Terrible performance (looks like an early access game with all the texture glitches and corrupted save files)-Super predictable story (my predictions were almost 90% accurate)-False advertising (Very scripted story- I was told to shutup, so I followed his orders and the other guy acted as if I was still talking)in Summary, I wish I could get a refund but I waited to late hoping they would deliver a good game by Episode 5. I would only recommend this game if you get on a holiday sale for around $10 (U.S.)."
,Recommended,536220,28496927,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,임윤아 The K2,"Have to say, this is by far the best single player game i have played in years ( including season 1 and 2 ), the story is amazing.   all out of tears... 10/10"
76561197970519498,Not Recommended,536220,31434686,Posted: 29 April,all,Mooreman,Characters are unimaginative and I could care less about family strife during the apocalypse.  Any character that cares more about events prior to the dead rising up and eating people feels petty and worthless.  This is pretty much every character in season 3 except Clem.  I literally don't even care when a main character dies.  I was actually sad to see Lee die in the first season.  This season I can't wait for David and his cast of misfits to die.  None of the characters should have even made it this far into the apocalypse.  It's sad to see this series go downhill like the tv show.  I'm now rooting for the zombies to get a meal.
76561198047864351,Not Recommended,536220,31373136,Posted: 26 April,all,GodIsNature,"One thing upfront: I hugely enjoyed the first season! The story just blew me away. That is why it breaks my heart to see the series progressively get worse and worse, since the writers just seem terribly uninspired. Thus we have come to the third installment of The Walking Dead, and I can not overemphasize how cringy and pointless the dialogue is. The story isn't worth two dimes by now. To add insult to injury, the animations (gestures, whole group movements and facial animations) are  almost completely recycled from earlier games and it totally shows.Overall I really can't recommend this game, because even for free it wouldn't be worth your time. This is the kind of game an intern might have made, after being locked in at telltale over night, having only access to stock animations and with only the motivation in mind to cash in the Walking Dead lincense for some easy money. But that strategy should be totally obvious by now. Two thumbs down."
,Recommended,536220,28501290,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,CastledCard,"THE GOOD:This game brings back old vibes from the first season that I didn't feel in the second season. I immediatly liked Javi as the new playable character. I connected to the brand new characters much more than I ever did with most of the season two characters over five episodes. There's one character in this that I cared for almost as much as I did Clementine in the first few episodes of season one. This game not only looks amazing compared to past Walking Dead games, but plays just as well. I never played the Telltale Batman game, but there are no performance issues at all other than a weird stutter that only happened once. Flawless 144FPS. Some characters from past games do look a little odd though because the game has far more realistic human beings, while past Walking Dead's had our characters look cartoony.THE BAD:While you can play as Clem in her flashback sequences, I find these to be the weakest part of the game as they only last like five minutes. Depending on your ending for season two, you may end up being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off like I was when a certain ""thing"" happens. I have another save where I am with Jane, but havn't seen what happens yet. Hopefully it ends a lot less lazy and insulting than the other one. The only bad things I can say about A New Frontier so far is that it makes season two more pointless than it already kinda was. I'm glad I get to see Clem again, but I don't think she needed to be in this as the new characters are already pretty strong. It doesn't feel like season two where the new characters were weak and season one characters had to come in and save it. Her story seemed to have ended last season. Hell, season 3 isn't anywhere in the title, so this game could have been a full restart with completely new characters. Sound design in this game is a little sloppy. Not the sound effects, but the music. The startup screen doesn't have any music if you linger there. There's a single ten second track, then akward silence. When an episode finishes there's no longer a ""Next time"" teaser. That's fine, but episodes feel like they end oddly as they fade to black and then the credits just appear with lame music. Season two was awesome with how it did its credits. A cool song went along with it as well. You can luckily skip the credits this time after you review the choices, but it just doesn't flow very well and it's unfortunate to see the credits be pushed aside like they are here. It's things like this that make The New Frontier feel like less care went into it unlike season one and two. The first two epidodes are finished in under an hour and a half which is pretty damn short. The average single episode from Telltale is usually that same length and I think that episode one would have benefited possibly if the two episodes had been combined into one. The short length would be ok if there were more episodes, but it's still the same amount of episodes with less content.I'm very surprised with how good these first two episodes are. It's been years since I've felt like I was playing a complete badass like I did Lee. Javi is a welcomed new addition to a great season."
76561197998451016,Not Recommended,536220,30832684,Posted: 30 March,all,SKITZOW,Everything is too streamlined choises don't matter and very unrelatable characters mixed with a bland story.At one point you need to open a door before walkers get you but you cant pick up the tool to open the door with before you try to open it even if it's obviously not gonna open without the tool. Also it took 4 months between episode 2 and 3 and ep 3 was only like 1.5-2hrs
,Not Recommended,536220,29175893,Posted: 10 January,all,SquishiestDuckling,"Waaaaaaay too short. I've played episodes 1 and 2. For about an hour and a half. 40% of achievements unlocked, and already my choices mean nothing. GG.Telltale, what happened to you?"
,Recommended,536220,32905321,Posted: 27 June,all,MIN,"After finishing the game, my thought of it was : TWD A New Frontier is a decent game.Sure it is not as emotional as the previous games, and probably the choices you have made sometimes are irrelevant to the story, but overall it add a nice little side track on Clementine story. The length of the game could be improved also, hopefully Telltale will improve on the 4th season.My recommendation is to buy this game when it is on sale."
76561198066304926,Not Recommended,536220,31591551,Posted: 6 May,all,Imperator,"To be totally honest, this season has been mediocre at best. I have to say that Gabe was such a worthless piece of crap. If I were Javier, I'd kill Gabe and blame it on Joan. Sadly this wasn't one of the choices I had in this game, which disappointed me even more.The first and second season were masterpieces. Don't buy this one though. Just go to Youtube and watch the whole playthrough if you are so curious."
76561198013497862,Not Recommended,536220,31602042,Posted: 7 May,all,Rafnir,"I have followed the TWD series, comic, tv-show and the teeltale gameseries. I still think the tell tale story is fairly good, however, they´ve gone abit lazy and greedy, fewer and shorter episodes to the same prize. I bought the game on release and now, 5 monts later i´m still waiting for episodes! Why the zombie f**k does it take so f**king long to get the episodes out? Why the f**k did they release the game when it was´nt even cloesd to finished? I will, MAYBE, buy the next TWD (as I said, I like the story, but could have done without iphone appgame gaming mechanichs, rather just put in the dialog and opions like ""shoot or don´t"" and what not) but I´ll wait untill ALL episodes are done and are on sale on steam.*Spoiler*Also I wish it was more Valentine, she is, for me atleast, the main character of the game, I don´t feel the same ""connection"" with this new bloke and his family issues. Also in the end of the last chapter, there was no real replay function of the last bit, if I wanted to see what would have happend if I did´nt shoot that headhoncho-♥♥♥♥♥ I have to replay the whole chapter, wich I can´t be bothered to do...."
,Recommended,536220,33334345,Posted: 6 July,all,Sin,"Spoilers if you haven't played the first 2 seasons!...I feel people who played through the first two seasons might get frustrated with this one at times.  The people are hard to get attached to, and the whole season kinda feels flat and filled with a lot of unnessecary drama.Two major problems I had with this one were:Too many flashbacks (I hate flashbacks in any form, and it's worse in games).  Also, it's hard to take it seriously when it says ""so and so will remember this"" after they clearly died in an earlier flashback that somehow you saw before the flashback you're watching now.  Just let me play the current story... I dont care about the past.  Or at least make the flashbacks all Episode 1 so that it's in order.  It would have been better to leave the flashbacks out completely rather than where they were.  Every episode starts with a flashback, and some have another in the middle.  Way too much and it's very frustrating.Not enough Clementine in the story.  I was hoping to play as her.  Although i really liked her character every time she was a part of the scenes, she wasn't there a lot of the time and i didn't care enough about half of the other characters.  She was great in Season 2, pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥ and even more grown up and awesome in this season.  Would have kept me into the game the whole way through if she was always there.Saying all this, i still recommend it, but it's not as good as the first 2 seasons."
,Not Recommended,536220,33359751,Posted: 7 July,all,Drake Platinum,Short as ♥♥♥♥. Season 2 ending basically mooot and lets not forget the mediocre ending. Gameplay and graphically its a big step up for telltale as a whole but Story makes these types of games and it was pretty lazy this time around.
76561198028562664,Not Recommended,536220,33401681,Posted: 9 July,all,Wedengart,Probably the one Telltalegame where your choices matter the least.Looking at you episode 4 and 5...
,Not Recommended,536220,34221167,Posted: 13 August,all,Robospike,"Where Season 2 lost some of the charm of the original, but was still an enjoyable story nontheless, Season 3 completely lost me.Poor writing, a rushed story, and unlikable characters mean the punches this series tries to throw are weak, and uninteresting. I'm looking forward to not seeing Javi and co. again, and I fully expect the next (and last!) season to be worse. Telltale is getting old, fast, and showing no signs of changing course.There's a 'dramatic' choice at the end of one of the episodes whereinyou have to choose between which of two characters lives/dies (as if that hasen't happened 20 times before) - one of the characters you've met, like, once, and the other has been with you through the previous episodes. To give them credit, they do pull a unique twist where the character you choose to live, dies, and the other survives. This would be an interesting part of the story......if it weren't for the fact that the character who lives dies 10 minutes into the next episode. I'm not joking. They just die, like that, with no further development or anything. In the space of 10 seconds the character dies and you continue on like it's no big deal.#ChoicesMatter™"
,Not Recommended,536220,34257102,Posted: 15 August,all,ryanrx,"Up until this season, I've been very positive about the series. However, it turns out this instalment can barely scratch the surface of the awe it's predecessors brought. This game's weight is entirely carried by it's prequels fame. Filled with characters that are unlikable, clunky lines and just a boring plotline. This series deserves far better."
76561198150564436,Not Recommended,536220,29027610,Posted: 4 January,all,Vas Normandy,"So far I'm not overly impressed. I get that future episodes could change how this game turns out. Short version: buy if you're already emotionally invested in Clementine's story. Not much of a stand-alone narrative so far. Here's reviewing ep.1-2, avoiding spoilers.The Good: we can get closure on Clementine's relationship with Kenny / Jane (and eventually AJ, no doubt). It lets you see how things worked out. Will you regret your choice?The Meh: despite filling in Clem's backstory, I don't get see it reflected in the character yet. Hoping there's more personalized Clem to come, but it would be classic Telltale to make our choices amount to nothing.I have mixed feelings on them bringing a certain TV show character into this game. Like a repeat of Glen' s appearance  season 1, obvious pandering to fans, but I like that they hired Brandon Keener, the voice of everyone's favorite Turian.The Bleagh: changing timelines, big time gaps (you survive 4 years in a truck?). It's not at all fluid, linear storytelling, like the previous seasons. We're likely to be bounced around different storylines, piecing together the story as we go. It might work, but so far I'm dubious.I haven't even mentioned Javier, the main character, because nobody bought this for the new story, I think. We bought it because of Clementine, and Javier is a means to that end. Maybe I'll end up liking Javier' s joined on its own, but it's not the driving force of the narrative for me."
76561198055388641,Not Recommended,536220,31474973,Posted: 30 April,all,Bawldy,"Massive Walking Dead Fan since season 1. Cried like a little baby for days after season 1 and most of the way through season 2. Even though Season 2 featured mainly new characters Telltale made you care abou them. This game is the polar opposite. Every time I see or speak to Clem my heart bleads and the search for AJ continues. The characters in this season are boring or your standard goon who just dies. I went into the game thinking that a new playable character was a bad idea but remained optomistic at it still featuring Clementine. WORST IDEA EVER TELLTALE. Not only are the characters not intersting, the do I love you or not story for the main two characters + 2 Side ones is just forced down your throat. This season instead of exploring you will spend 90% of it in a mindless uncontrollable cutscene with occasional choices that even though it says one thing, does a completely different thing to what it says making a choice that seemed appropriate make you sound like an incosiderate idiot. Between cutscenes you will see Clem from time to time as she just bounces in and out. The kid who survived I can't even remember his name (shows how much they make you care) is annoying as S***! If I had the option to leave him or kill him yes please. It is like Sara in season 2 but at least she had a decent story and some people cared for her. This little git is just in the way, never shuts up, messes up everything. The one time he's quiet is because Clem works the little crush he has on her to keep him busy. Flashbacks to what happened with Clem between seasons should just be the actual game, lets be honest if you played this game the flashbacks are more fun, have better story and last longer than the actual game. Episode 4 lasted about 60 minutes and most of that was them walking uncontrollably. Absolute joke this season! Always been a massive fan but Telltale can suck my D***! #BringbackClem #RIPLeeUpdate Episode 5:Although overall all my choices were still about Clem and then Kate just because I hate David the season end was a bit more enjoyable but still very short. The entire season has been one long cutscene rather than being able to move around, the very few chances you get you move 3 steps and it's done. So glad you got the option to shoot a certain pain in my butt, laughed so much while they died. Still didn't get to see AJ but liked the finial screen of seeing what happened to all characters and Clem's hair being cut, Keep It Short! Lee's advice still taking an impact. My hopes for season 4 is more like 1/2. Even if not all choices carry just like with the last one I can live with that. Fix the options, you click it and what is written is total crap compared to what they say. Bring back Clem, it was refreshing playing a different character but after all my time spent moulding Clem to survive all my choices were to benifit her anyway. Stop with the massive cinematic video come on you did fine for 2 seasons of getting to move around scenes why change now I like having a side chat with people. My finial wish TellTale, just release according to one timezone world wide, every other game especially on steam midnight launch as well as stop letting Youtubers post content early had spoilers that Kate lived in my recomended videos just because I watched the trailer for episode 5 so thanks. Would'nt buy this season but 1+2 are worth the money and tears."
,Not Recommended,536220,31700617,Posted: 12 May,all,Blacky,Good GameBut  ♥♥♥♥ing Save FilesCloud Save-************
76561198153091339,Not Recommended,536220,32158592,Posted: 3 June,all,Ragnarr Loðbrók,in 4 episodes nothing happened ♥♥♥♥ this game and everything happened in episode 5 . also your most of the decisons do nothing. whatever i love clementime
,Not Recommended,536220,32159923,Posted: 3 June,all,Tiberius ....,"Sorry Telltale you lost a fan, really bad game, no choices and stupid moments.Clementine is the only reason to start the game and that's beacause of WD1, but in the end we just want to be alone like her, because all characters are a bunch of dbags."
76561198010860571,Not Recommended,536220,33482969,Posted: 12 July,all,dog not understand art,"Here's the quick version: Play this if you loved 1 and 2 and want more, as it's largely the same and not a terrible game by any means. You may end up disappointed, though: there are some unacceptable performance/quality issues, and the story, dialog and continuity with the previous games all drop the ball a few times in ways that have divided the playerbase.The TL;DR version:First, loading my previous saves took me finding the files from my old PC and moving them into my current Documents/Telltale Games folder, but despite having an FAQ/instructions page for this topic, Telltale never goes into detail advising you on things like this. It's not super hard to figure out, but it would have made sense considering they're trying to make this broadly accessible across platforms and devices. I suspect some people will use the in-game choice recreator to approximate their old playthrough, which is nice if you simply don't have your old saves anymore. Some people have reported losing their saves while playing, or having their choices reflected wrongly, but I didn't run into that, so see other reviews for details, and backup your old saves if you have them.There are some weird performance issues, and I thought the game was going to play like crap early on. I spent awhile trying to troubleshoot it, then decided to put up with it for awhile, and it actually got better. In the end, it was just a poorly done driving sequence (road, trees, etc. constantly loading appeared to be freezing the visuals, desyncing the audio and even making me miss a dialog choice or two.) I saw a little bit of it at other points in the game, but never that bad. Considering I wondered if I had a hardware issue or would have to refund the game, that wasn't cool, and I've seen that other people had problems like this too.There are some bugs that range from funny and mood-breaking to devastating and potentially seizure-inducing. At one point a character who had died an hour or two ago was briefly walking with my group. Simple polygon misbehavior causes jarring visuals at various times, and one particular scene had flickering graphics that made it hard to look at or discern anything onscreen. I am far from the only person this happened to. Considering the game is largely on rails aside from a few branching paths, common bugs shouldn't be super hard to find. The fact that A New Frontier has been out for over half a year without these being patched is very disappointing. You can't always please everyone, especially with sequels to widely loved games, but with poor quality control, Telltale has in part brought this on themselves.Now let's talk about the story and dialog. First off, I will praise the overall narrative arc of this game as being better than Season 2, where a lot of what happened felt arbitrary, the game had less interesting things to say, and it was harder to get attached in the same way. The whole formula of ""meet a bunch of random people at once, get dragged into their sudden messes, and watch chaos and madness kill most of them off"" felt overly played in Season 2, but here at least there's more of a point and theme.While the overall story arc was fairly good, the details were more spotty. The dialog didn't always feel good, and the scripting of scenes varied. Some felt rushed and didn't achieve their appropriate dramatic impact; others felt drawn out and irrelevant, clumsily trying to illustrate points that didn't necessarily hit home or stack up with other points. I liked and cared about most of the characters in A New Frontier, but some, such as the villains and neutral parties, got ridiculous and contrived, and often I couldn't wait for the game to just let me shoot them and be done with it.A key issue with the story in A New Frontier is the clunky incorporation of the ending of Season 2. Without spoiling too much, I'll just point out that Season 2 had multiple endings, the fate of various characters hanging in the balance, as do the character Clementine's actions. A New Frontier takes those branching plots and quickly, blandly homogenizes them so that Clementine will still be compatible with Season 3's story. For many people, they felt that this took a sledgehammer to the choices they made last time. If you've seen what Alien 3 does to the ending of Aliens, this is the same kind of thing.While I love the character of Clementine and feel she helped improve the story, the way she was incorporated wound up hurting some of your choices. Players of the previous games are overwhelmingly likely to side with Clem over a random stranger, in part due to our firsthand knowledge that she is a more trustworthy character. Trusting people you don't know is a huge part of this series and TWD as a franchise, so having the equivalent of ""Stab Rick Grimes in the back? Y/N"" just isn't an appropriate storytelling tool here. This led to some of the choices in the game going 80-90% in Clem's favor among the playerbase, and removing some of the diversity of your experience.The choices in this game could be much better, especially since a lot of things turn out the exact same no matter what you do. Some aren't as one-dimensional as the Clem ones, but it feels like you either have little control over a situation, or the control you have is over the wrong aspect, and your character doesn't always seem to do as you'd like, or let you express yourself well. Making a choice you aren't thrilled with in a stupid situation that doesn't reem realistic in the first place and then having it turn out randomly no matter what you picked is not rare in this game.The dialog options you're given in this game also frequently differ from what the protagonist, Javi, actually ends up saying. It doesn't feel great in general, but in some cases it gets ridiculous: see [Tell David off] for one of the worst dialog problems I've ever seen in a video game. That one doesn't end up impacting the story too dramatically, but many players were frustrated by how it played out, and wound up restarting the chapter to pick the other option (which doesn't feel great either). Sometimes it's done to help railroad the story toward a fixed event, but this feels lazy, and damages the ""your choices matter"" premise. Sometimes it just feels like an oversight, like the writing just isn't that tight or consistent.This wasn't as big of a problem in 1, 2, or Michonne. I'm not sure why it got so out of control here, but Telltale should do better. In a game where all you can really do is mash Q, press E,  use WASD, and choose actions/dialog, your dialog and choices need to feel meaningful and consistent. Thankfully, at least the endings of this one can differ somewhat meaningfully based on your actions, and it ends on a good enough note, even if the finale is a bit less epic, sensible and elegant than it seems to think it is.In summary, I did have fun with the game, but narrowly have to say No on my recommendation, primarily due to some disappointing quality control that made me question whether I should have even bought the game, and made parts hard to take seriously or even play at all. If Telltale gets their act together and fixed a few of those problems, I'd consider changing my review, but if you put out a messy product, you get messy reviews. Like I said at the top, people who really want to play this will either way, and assuming they don't have any critical issues, they'll probably get what they wanted, although there is definitely room for improvement."
,Not Recommended,536220,31446933,Posted: 29 April,all,Dorothy Toto Gale,TELLTALEFIXYOUR♥♥♥♥INGSAVE♥♥♥♥♥♥I AM NOT REPLAYING EPISODE 1 AND ♥♥♥♥ING 2 ALL OVER A G A I N BECAUSE T W I C E YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥NEVER SAVED MY ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
76561198026181421,Not Recommended,536220,32072527,Posted: 30 May,all,Nitram,"I would probably have refunded the game after playing first two released episodes, but silly me decided to keep going. I loved the first two seasons, the writing, the characters, the decisions were all much more enjoyable and realistic. But most importantly the GAMEPLAY, what the hell happened in ANF? There's basically no puzzles at all, the only gameplay comes from picking up a thing then resuming to more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cutscene. ♥♥♥♥ sake, even the shooting is now quick time event instead of having some aim, is this really how little effort they are putting into the game now that they can't even give us just a little gameplay. At this point I'm not sure it should even be considered a game to be honest. 100% ignore this game, go watch videos on youtube instead and don't waste your money on what is essentially a dead shell of previous two seasons."
76561197994178591,Not Recommended,536220,33386954,Posted: 8 July,all,Frosthark,"It was hard for me to decide whether to give this game a thumbs up or a thumbs down. However, after thinking back on my experience with seasons 1 and 2, a comparison A New Frontier cannot escape, I can't help but feel disappointed. It's not a bad game per se, but it does not live up to the excellent quality of S1 and S2.My biggest gripe is that the characters are less interesting than in the previous two seasons. The protagonist Javi feels pretty bland (yes, you do not play as Clementine); even his annoying older brother is more interesting and nuanced once you talk to him. But the worst offense isKenny's fate, killed off in a short flashback in episode 1. Even Clementine was poorly written most of the time, and that's quite an achievement.The writing overall is noticeably worse; several conflicts throughout the game could have been resolved peacefully if the protagonist had the option of using reason. But no, that would be too boring. Instead, characters stumble from one blunder to the next for the sake of suspense. In general the story is a pretty straightforward ""survive the zombie apocalypse, but humans are the real monsters"" fare. You'll get some choices to make throughout the episodes but like 90% of them have absolutely no impact on the story. Previous Seasons suffered from this problem as well, but never on this scale.In addition to problems with the writing and characters, the title suffers from major technical issues. Telltate games were never the pinnacle of technical achievement, but 5 years have passed since Season 1 was released and Telltate has not done much to improve the situation. A lot of the same choppy body animations are re-used in A New Frontier, while face animations remain abysmal. Last but not least, the game suffers from a lot of visual glitches, e.g. flickering shadows, disappearing and re-appearing character outlines, weird black artifacts stretched across the screen and more. While individually these problems are not severe, they pile up and have a significant impact on immersion.All in all, if you want to continue the story of Clem, you will have to play this game. It's not terrible but it seems Telltate has fallen into complacency. I really loved the first two seasons and their stories have left me with a long-lasting  positive impressions when they ended. I cannot say the same about A New Frontier, as upon ending it my impression can be summed up as ""meh""."
,Not Recommended,536220,33420102,Posted: 9 July,all,Giggles,"This game was a massive disappointment.Nothing about this game is done better than in season 1 or 2.The characters, story and gameplay are all much worse and are very underwhelming.The choices are incredibly boring and have no emotional impact, unlike the first two games. This game didn't really need to be made, since it doesn't continue Clementine's story and just feels like filler as a result.I could go into more detail but I'm already working on a video, mainly comparing this season to seasons 1 and 2(shameless plug), so I'd rather not waste your time, as well as my own, by ranting about it."
,Not Recommended,536220,33578708,Posted: 16 July,all,OriginalQuality,"This installment definitely wasn't it's best compared to the previous two. There were some glitches that I experienced when I picked it up a month or so after it's release date which means the devs didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥that those glitches were present. This installment also puts Clementine on the back line which may not be an issue for you but it certainly was for me. There were also other little things where diologue choices would not be anything like what your character would say at all and alot of the time, it seemed like you didn't ACTUALLY have a choice in what the outcome of an event was.This game was ABSOLUTELY not up to par at all with the previous two.PROS:Relatable charactersThe same zombie world everyone knows by nowCONS:Clementine gets the back seatYour choices often didn't ""matter""GlitchesDiologue options not matching what your character saysVisualsPractically all character deaths unavoidable"
,Not Recommended,536220,31450857,Posted: 29 April,all,GRIZLEDORF,"I have 5 TellTale games and combined they have 32 hours played. at $25 each that's $125 spent. in comparison, the witcher 3 has 90 hours played for me, that's 3x the hours for half the cost. This particular game I'm reviewing I paid for last year and it still hasn't even finished releasing all the chapters.. release the rest of the game already holy $#*@! Would you buy a half written book?This is probably my final full price TellTale game purchase, from now on I'll be waiting for a %75 off sale. The original Walking Dead and Tales from the Borderlands were great. Batman was getting like 20fps on my gaming rig, the wolf among us was sort of interesting but I never got passed the 2 hour mark.other thoughts: There is one particularly nasaly voice actor in this game and it triggers me every time they speak. I have 6.5 hours on this game and that was because the game glitched out and erased my progress TWO times and I had to start over."
,Not Recommended,536220,32136966,Posted: 2 June,all,Colonel Joe Moore,"Massive dissapointment, play or replay the first two seasons instead. If you have a problem with terrible, uniteresting characters, short episode length, and a giant middle finger to the choices you made in season two, this is not worth your money."
76561198110725954,Not Recommended,536220,32181854,Posted: 4 June,all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"First off, I think Telltale really needs to fix their ""cloud saving"" feature. I can't tell you how many times I would install the latest episode, only for my choices from the previous episode to not carry over into the one I was currently playing. **SPOILER** For example, I chose to kill Conrad off in the subway tunnels. However, whenever I started episode 3 Conrad was still alive. When it first happened I thought: ""Oh no big deal, I'll just replay episode 2. Maybe that'll fix it"" and it did. At least for a little while. And then when I played episode 4, guess who just casually shows up again? ♥♥♥♥ing Conrad.As for the rest of the game, I'll just say that while it incorporates some new interesting gameplay features and improved graphical performance. The rushed narrative and character development (with the exception of Clementine) is where season 3 really falls short. **ANOTHER SPOILER** Even when a main character would die (ex. when Ava/Tripp falls off the bridge in episode 5) the impact of their death was just so minimal because there was barely, if any, dialogue between the two characters. Not to mention the fact that the choices you make in the game also have very little impact. I genuinely hope that Telltale keeps the storyline for season 4 centered solely on Clementine, because it was very obvious that the writers for this game didn't invest a whole lot into these boring, and generic set of new characters."
,Not Recommended,536220,32295189,Posted: 9 June,all,Scavenger,"Each Season feels more and more like a visual noval and less like a game. As a result the game time spent in each game also decreases which I guess is a good thing since you're not just padding out a game with useless walking around and clicking on things, although those little things made the game world feel more alive...The only reason I don't recomend this game is because of the lack of dialogue with other characters. One thing I really liked in Season 1 was going around and talking with the other characters, getting to know them. I think this is why characters from season 1 are loved by the fans but not as much for other characters in seasons 2 and 3. I feel like I know more about Kenny, Carly, Doug etc than I do the others from other seasons (many of whom I can't even remember the names of!)Don't get me wrong, its not a terrible game but you should go buy Season 1 for the best in this series!"
76561198040969163,Not Recommended,536220,32548326,Posted: 18 June,all,Antares,"Overall I have enjoyed the game, but a single run took me under 7 hours, considering that I'm the person that will interact with any person or object along the way. Equally, I was quite disappointed over a historical texture glitch that Tellatale continue to fail addressing - the community calls it ""infinity nipples"".  In episode 3, Javier starts to produce a texture glitch from his chest, 3 lancing beams that visually look like rings of the Saturn and cover all distance between Javier and anything in front of him. It covers nearly whole screen during close up scenes or where Javier looks at the map.Interesting story, more story variation, more kill/save choices, better drawn animation, but releasing a game with an obvious visual bug made me feel disappointed that Tellatale approves this level of quality."
,Recommended,536220,32958899,Posted: 28 June,all,AchoDycho,"So, I've played all TWD seasons and this one is different.Telltale games is expanding and trying new things. They will learn from their mistakes.With season 1 and 2 there were so many different choices, this season was to gather everyone down the same path again, preparing us for season 4 which, trust me, will be awesome.I felt that the game was a bit short and too fast paced. Not as much depression as the previous games. Sure, you could still emphasize but it didn't have the same sympathy as the previous games. Unlike season 1 and 2, deaths in this game felt meaningless and didn't break your heart.They upgraded the graphics and I still can't decide if I like the old or the new graphics better. The weapons and bandits look way cooler but the facial expressions need work. I loved the large vivid eyes that the characters in the previous games had, that's all gone. Clementine still has nice glossy eyes but I miss the old ones.For season 4, I hope they bring back some of the old writers. I think that's a big part of the problem, Sean Vanaman, the writer of season 1 left telltale to create his own game, Firewatch. If they could somehow get him to write the next season, that'd be great.Season 1 Episode 2 is personally my favorite episode, it was written by Mark Darin, who still works at Telltale. Maybe he can become the lead writer for the next season.I have high hopes for season 4.This game is definitely worth picking up if you have played the previous seasons. It's not a great example of the walking dead games for newcomers, they should play from season one, to get the full story."
,Not Recommended,536220,33123266,Posted: 2 July,all,Dennie,"This game was only like 7 hours long, an absolute rip off.Characters are super dull and not interesting in the slightest, and the decision making itself.....well most of it doesnt make a lick of difference.On a technical side, the amount of time i had to attempt to get my controller to work with this via steam link wasnt even funny.Complete trash"
76561198194736154,Not Recommended,536220,33794424,Posted: 25 July,all,Rick Grimes #teamkenny,"♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥man. why a ney protagonist, or killing the one true messenger of kek kenny? WHY????"
76561198142450923,Not Recommended,536220,33841371,Posted: 27 July,all,KrustyBumNugget,"Okay so let's get one thing started, I love the walking dead games. Both 1 and 2 were incredible and i was so excited to get into this one however I encountered many issues with this game...- The main protaganists are boring and I honestly didn't care for, unlike the previous games- New game mechanics were uneeded and made the game less fun and clunky- The mouse sensitivity on this game is incredibly high and there is no in game option to change this and i refuse to change my actual mouses dpi because I worry that I will not get the one I'm used to back- The story is rather bland and uninspiring- Both Kenny and Jane's deaths were pushed to the side and rushed which is really sad considering the role they had in season 2 (and season 1 for Kenny)- The controller support is awfulRIP walking dead teltale games"
,Recommended,536220,28729228,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Minty,"TL;DR - TWDG fans, fear not...  You'll love this one as well (and yes, your past choices DO matter).Full Review:Telltale's The Walking Dead was the first video game I ever bought and played.  I remember downloading it to my iPad in the summer of 2012 and zipping through the beautifully constructed narrative/emotional rollercoaster we all know and love.  I was so invested in that video game that it drove me to Steam, gaming communities, etc.  At the risk of going too Darwinian, The Walking Dead: The Game is my ""Origin of Gaming.""When Season 2 came out, I was floored by that as well.  It became a significant part of my life.  I discussed the game at length with my friends, and bought it for anyone on my friends list that ever showed an ounce of interest.  I pulled Ben's S1E5 monologue (the one where he tells off Kenny) and used it in my College Theatre auditions.  I have multiple autographs from Melissa Hutchison (Clem) and Gavin Hammond (Kenny), and have communicated with them several times on tips for getting into voicework.THIS IS WHY, when I saw original reviews coming out for Season 3, I got scared.  I firmly believe Telltale's take on TWD had been phenomenal, and the internet's negativity combined with a 2-and-a-half year wait between seasons shook me.I came out on the other side loving every minute.This game picks up directly after Season 2's conclusion, and NO SPOILERS, but your end decision does in fact matter quite a bit.  You have the ability to rebuild Clementine's story in very minute detail right at the beginning of the episode, or just import a save if you would rather do that.  It feels like the same franchise I was missing for all this time.The story is very good as well.  The ability to switch between Javier and Clementine is such a well thought out feature, and comes at the exact moments you would want to.  Great performances once again by Melissa Hutchison and Gavin Hammond, as well as new faces in Jeff Schine (Javier), Shelley Shenoy (Kate), Raymond Ochoa (Gabe) and Brandon Keener (Jesus).You will want to play this game if you played the previous two games.  Character growth, meaningful interaction, and so so SO SOOOOOO much Pathos...  Those main Telltale tools, are all here in full force.  Buy this game.  It's going to be a wild ride."
76561197972971244,Not Recommended,536220,28809921,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Udyrfrykte,"Due to a bug with cloud saves (something about by default mixing telltale and steam cloud saves) I lost all my progress.Now I have to waste 90 minutes getting up to that point again, with no way of making the game go faster. Apparently this bug is very common and support is on vacation.This is maybe the first game I've paid this much for and it has managed to straight up waste my time. Very disappointed."
76561197993408472,Not Recommended,536220,33596439,Posted: 16 July,all,shhh,I kept thinking Clem but they kept giving me some stupid story about some Hispanic family. You should have focused the story on Clem like we all wanted. I won't buy the next installment unless Clem is the main charecter. If she isn't! Forget it!
,Not Recommended,536220,34217626,Posted: 13 August,all,Rozefire,Underwhelming
76561197992640828,Recommended,536220,33172841,Posted: 3 July,all,Rosh,"Besides a few graphical glitches. This was a great season. I don't know that I would say it was better than the first two, but it was close. The only thing that would have made it better is if they would have stretched the episodes out a bit more and fleshed out the story. But all in all I would definitely recommend this to anyone."
76561197982859392,Not Recommended,536220,28692517,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Atrocitus,"DO NOT BUY THIS BROKEN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I loved the previous two entries and was super excited to play this one but there's  an insane blocker of a bug ruining the experience for me. If you die then the game just goes to a black scree with the sound still playing and doesn't let you restart, and the saving system doesn't work. So if you die your only option is to exit to the main menu and restart the chapter from the very beginning. EVERY. ♥♥♥♥ING. TIME. As somebody who'se worked in QA for video games companies I can tell you for a fact telltale should fire their QA department because they're absolutely useless if they let slip such a major blocker that absolutley ♥♥♥♥ing ruins the player experience. Fire your quality assurance department, and fix this ♥♥♥♥ing bug and then maybe I can recommend this game.Seriously so damn dissapointed in this game and this company right now I have no desire to play anymore."
,Not Recommended,536220,32164356,Posted: 3 June,all,FlamingoSoup,Telltale thinks Gabe's cool...
76561198278530321,Not Recommended,536220,30839312,Posted: 30 March,all,sin,"I was excited to play this but it doesn't work on my computer. Even with every setting set to the lowest quality there's too much mouse lag to be able to click answers in time and the audio is way out of sync. Every other walking dead and TellTale game has worked so I'm not sure why this one won't, but if you're thinking about buying I would do some research first so you don't buy a game you can't play."
76561198044040045,Not Recommended,536220,31747898,Posted: 14 May,all,Ethe,"Story has been ok, not same level as previous seasons but good enough so i'm not bothered about it. However cannot recommend this game on full price at the moment for technical reasons.Game has crashed on me numerous times at complete random. There have been few visual bugs (textures stretching through air)  resulting me to have to restart program to fix it. There have also been 1 major bug that completely ruined my immersion regarding one major choice game forgot me making few episodes ago.I shot Conrad at the end of episode 2 and he is alive at episode 4. Acting like I didn't put bullet right between his eyes or that his dead was shown again on “previously on walking dead” at episode 3.Lastly, for those of you who like to rewind episode after completing it to see different outcomes.... Tough luck. There is no rewind function. Not that your choices matter (which is to be expected from this series by this point really, but like I said on spoiler part this is way worse than ever)"
,Recommended,536220,34447574,Posted: 23 August,all,FadedTeleTubby,Emotional and amazing ride through some of the most beautiful storytelling I've ever experienced in my many years of gaming. TellTale studios back at it again with a great game.
76561198037451866,Not Recommended,536220,28572305,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,2Dement3D,"Can't believe I'm saying this because I love Telltale, but I'm really disappointed in TWD: ANF at the moment.I've only played the first episode (Telltale decided to release Episode 1 and 2 at launch for once, which is great), but beyond the intro sequence shown in the trailer, the story was surprisingly boring, and felt devoid of real choice. For the record, the reason I've only played the first episode is because the game did not save my progress once I completed it, meaning starting Episode 2 will give me random choices as opposed to what I selected myself. A quick look on the forums shows thatit's not just methat has this problem. That's a big no-no in of itself. Side note: Steam didn't track most of my play time either for whatever reason.There's also quite a few people that can't launch the game at all, thanks to supposed DirectX errors, and while that didn't happen to me, it's something to be cautious about. Telltale also decided to fill almost every menu with advertisements for their other games, which makes me feel like I've just walked into a store and an employee is following me around asking if they can help me with anything, as opposed to playing a video game. I've noticed a few people complain about the length of the game, and honestly, I felt like the first episode was no longer or shorter than any other typical telltale game episode, so I wouldn't deter people from playing for that reason. Overall, everything else I've mentioned however, are surefire reasons why you should not buy this game until they've fixed it up to a reasonable state.Come on Telltale, you can do much better."
,Recommended,536220,33159704,Posted: 2 July,all,JankMeisterS,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this games! I am so exited for season 4!Only minus was that I spent all of seasons 1 and 2 keeping Kenny alive, only for him to die in a 10 minute :("
,Not Recommended,536220,32082247,Posted: 31 May,all,PonyMercenary,"Буду краток: основная проблема третьего сезона в том, что за героев не хочется переживать, история не цепляет, а антагонисты слиты в унитаз (их даже нет), главный герой представляет собой типичного ""хорошего парня"", не интересного даже как второстепенного персонажа, что уж говорить о том, какой он главный герой.Чем я люблю игры Telltale, так это за их сюжеты и то, что порой ставят перед трудными выборами. За весь третий сезон трудный выбор был лишь один раз (и то он был трудный, потому что персонажи, за чьи жизни отвечал игрок меня одинакого бесили).И это первая игра от ТТ на моей памяти, где при смерте положительного персонажа я говорил не ""НЕЕЕЕЕЕЕТ"", а ""НАКАЦТА ОН СДОХ"", ибо ВСЕ персонажи раздражают и не цепляют, даже Клементина в последних эпизодах скорее бесит, чем радует.Итог: ТТ в этот раз промахнулись, игра 3/10, но 4-й сезон я жду.PS: Where is second season Game of Thrones???"
76561198036534600,Recommended,536220,33153271,Posted: 2 July,all,Idoodletoo,Compare to Season 1 & 2 this season is really short.If you want to see what happens to Clementine after Season 2 I say buy it when is it on sale.Pros:Story is worth investing if you enjoy Clementine as a character.Some of your choices influence Clementimes personality. Which you can see at the very end of the game.Cons:Very short compare to season 1 & 2
76561198085821195,Recommended,536220,32077156,Posted: 30 May,all,Vitamin Water,Super Short season compare to the other ones. i feel as this season was more of a filler episode. 6/10.
,Not Recommended,536220,30530311,Posted: 15 March,all,WilsonXRS,"After 3 months, a new episode is finally coming out. Currently, each episode is 1 hour long which doesn't look good for a 5 episode game. I can only assume that future episodes will remain the same. I won't recommend this game until it's fully out and on sale. Whatever happens in the next episode, won't matter much to me since it was so long ago. I don't remember any names besides Clem's and of course a famous comic book/TV show character."
,Recommended,536220,32942552,Posted: 28 June,all,raz3r,"Another great story from Telltale Games, among all the three seasons this is the shortest one though. Nevertheless I must admit that this time the pace was really good. No filler moment basically, which is nice. The only real downside is that the game is less focused on Clem, as much as I loved Javier I still believe Clem is a much stronger character. Good news is that her story will continue in the next season."
,Not Recommended,536220,33377975,Posted: 8 July,all,"Nanomachines, son.","Not even an hour into the game, I get an exchange with a character where my character attempts to speak to him and he remains silent.There is a dialogue prompt and I chose to stay silent in response to his silence.The other characters response to this was to go ""You best stay quiet, it'll be better if I don't have to listen to you on this journey.""Another dialogue prompt; I stayed silent again.""HEY I DON'T WANT TO HAVE TO LISTEN TO YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!""The quality of these games has gone astoundingly downhill."
76561198262553861,Not Recommended,536220,32108824,Posted: 1 June,all,Can't Think Of A Name,Nowhere near as good as the first two seasons.
76561198055232089,Not Recommended,536220,33657229,Posted: 19 July,all,Ygritte_Martell,"It can't be that bad, can it be?Boy, was I wrong!I really loved the first game and thought the second game was alright. I was really looking forward to see what happened to Clem, AJ and ""the rest"". In all five episode you get like 5-10 minute flashbacks from her story and they don't really tell you anything.Kenny has a death scene that just screams ""♥♥♥♥ yeah that's how I imagined he'll die!"" Oh, and you wonder what happened to AJ? Well you won't really get any information in this game.The protagonist of this game, Javier, is alright but the family and love ""dramas"" are just really horrible and boring.Don't even get me started on the teenage love thingy. Was it really necessary to put so much ""love"" in this game?I thought the situation between Kate and Javi was ♥♥♥♥ing annoying.The only cool character besides Clem is Jesus but you don't see him that often as well.The gameplay(let's be real you don't play twd because of the gameplay) is barely even there. You can't really walk around more or less freely and talk to all the people because nope that would totally be boring. So you don't really get any infomation on the new characters thus you don't care when they die.If you want to know what happens in this game you better watch a let's play because playing it is kind of boring and frustrating."
,Not Recommended,536220,31901307,Posted: 22 May,all,Dfuzz1987,This is basically a spin-off with Telltale trying to cater to new fans instead of people who played season 1 and 2.I feel scammed for thinking this was season 3.
,Not Recommended,536220,28635638,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Corne,"Once again an awesome continuation of the The Walking Dead game series, Had an amazing atmosphere and a proper introduction to the new characters resulting into emotional ties with them. Unfortunately, even though the content currently in the game is awesome, it is much shorter compared to previous seasons, so the game is not really worth it for its current price. The episodes are much shorter, and the content barely changes based on the Season 2 ending, or any changes you make during the game, which is also a big downside.I was considering to post a positive review, but I hope that enough negative review will wake up telltale games."
76561198216672036,Recommended,536220,28837151,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Temaxt,I WAIT FOR THIS 4 YEARS OMG BUT IT S THERE
,Not Recommended,536220,28813772,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Anal Waterfall,"So far its been♥♥♥♥♥♥ None of your choices seem to change anything and both the episodes were short af. Fix yo game, Telltale."
,Recommended,536220,29022666,Posted: 4 January,all,UKZz HELLRAISER,"I can understand the dislike to the clear disregard to season 2's events (from what we've seen in Ep.1 & 2) but that doesn't affect the game for me.So far I've thoroughly enjoyed the game and now absolutely cannot wait for the next episodes to release.I may start pulling my hair out during the wait, because TellTale REALLY know how to cliffhang."
,Not Recommended,536220,28631469,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Erwin Rommel,"Honestly, I feel a bit scammed.This season has five episodes, like the first one that came out.Thing is, when I finished the first two episodes, two hours had passed, the time required to finish one in the first game.It sure is great, but this clearly doesn't feel great to see that I paid so much for so little ""content"".The ratio price/game length isn't worth it by now."
,Recommended,536220,33561572,Posted: 15 July,all,Navillera,"As the fans of TWD series, I never write a single review about TWD although I've played two series lately. So here's some reviews about third seris of TWD:Pros+ This series give us a new environment and new characters so you will never bored with TWD+ There's Clementine and she has grown up+ A lot of conflict -> family, love, friends, walkers, some m*therf*ckers+ The story is adapted from the TWD season two's ending although there's no big difference about it+ A lot of flashbacks+ Many difficult choices+ There's a review about how your relationship goes with the people+ Last but not least, this is a good series for me but not the bestCons- Too easy to guess how the story goes- Some graphics bugs- At some point, there's character that appear when she/he should be gone somewhere"
,Not Recommended,536220,32124860,Posted: 2 June,all,MrRager,this game is the most sterile lifeless barren inorganic monotonus platitudinous pathetic recycled automated shitcon 3000 mechanical convulated stoic piece of garbage I have ever played
,Not Recommended,536220,33463248,Posted: 11 July,all,Pr0ph3cy,"Horrible, shouldve been a DLC, not worth the original price, I love telltale but they seemed to have lost their touch..."
76561198211834045,Not Recommended,536220,29925530,Posted: 14 February,all,Eggyeye,Ive forgot the first 2 episodes waiting so long for episode 3 its just another game wanting to make a buck rather than actually making a good game! Its really not worth the money
,Not Recommended,536220,33492020,Posted: 12 July,all,Urumi,"EDIT: Apparently there will be a final season where we can play as Clementine! BUT that doesn't mean that this game isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥ hope they will do better this timeThis is the worst Walking Dead game ever!1 was great2 was fantastic3 is pathetic and disappointingThis game should have been a DLC rather than the season 3ALSO YOU CAN'T PLAY CLEMENTINE IN THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME INSTEAD YOU PLAY SOME DUMB MEXICAN WITH A STUPID GROUP LOOKING FOR A STUPID PASSPORT WHYYY TELLTALE WHYYYYYWhy not stick to the Clementine/Lee/Kenny story? Even Christa story would be better...There are some pros for this game too like, JESUS and the new graphics, the UI and that's it...Gameplay is boring and stupid. I ended up reading the whole episode 3 & 4!!The story is TRASH same for the characters and the length of the game is horrible!Choices doesn't matter at all in this stupid game! Clementine is a bit weird in this game too (Maybe because she is a teenager idk)I also can't wait until Clementine turns 18 so I can extract these sweet models and make some porn out of it"
76561198156728043,Not Recommended,536220,32207832,Posted: 5 June,all,Calithea,"Terrible game. Full of bugs, the main character was a ken doll with no personality - a let down in every way. The new writers have no respect for the series, the main characters of the series, or women. There were 5 female characters in the whole game - one was killed for no reason in the beginning, two were villianized, one had no personality, and the last one is Clementine, who is not Clementine anymore. They've taken an amazing character and made her silent and hardened. She didn't have any of the values that she should have had, and what they did to Kenny was unbelievably disrespectful.  You only saw Kenny or Clementine during flashbacks, which were the only good parts of the game, the main game you were stuck with a bunch of men, all new, and all total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. This is not a walking dead game. The only way to play this is to pretend it's a stand alone game, but you have to watch your favorite walking dead characters be ruined."
,Not Recommended,536220,29155711,Posted: 9 January,all,Xar,"Get a weird glitch that causes video to stutter every few seconds, starting with the ""Present Day"" scene. Drivers are up to date. computer is WELL beyond minimum specs. Customer supports answer: update Bios and install onto C drive. I'll gladly change this review once I recieve real help, or the game gets patched to actually work."
,Not Recommended,536220,30799442,Posted: 28 March,all,Lord_Viator,"Having been a huge fan of the first two seasons, I have to say i'm depressingly dissapointed with the experience of season 3 so far.  I'm not really sure how to explain it, while in previous seasons I walked away thinking about the story and the choices... with this one I feel nothing... at all...no regrets...no 'what if's...no emotional connection to the characters....Basically missing all the things that made the previous seasons great."
,Not Recommended,536220,30320618,Posted: 4 March,all,Jonehoo,My PC is way over the recommended settings but the stuttering issue is still in the game. Almost three months after the release and not an update. Thank you for this excellent game Telltale :)
,Not Recommended,536220,30824162,Posted: 29 March,all,ChoakenStroake,"I'm...I'm....I'm just dissapointed. Spy fox some assembly is a better point click game. WE WAITED FOREVER for the new episode and they took a poop on us. I was already sad enough about only getting two episodes when I paid for the season but damn they really took a leak in my cereal with this last episode, NOTHING EVEN HAPPEND we killed two guys and somehow Javier isn't even effected by it. We didn't shoot conrad and he just quickly died off and tied up that loose end. It just sucked. Go play Pajama Sam or Freddy Fish you'll have a better time and youll get more than one hour of gameplay."
76561198291915879,Not Recommended,536220,30049269,Posted: 19 February,all,h  u   g   h,I dislike this game..... and thats coming from me....
,Not Recommended,536220,33554848,Posted: 15 July,all,2+2=4-1=3,"This season of TWD was very dull in comparison to seasons 1 and 2. I didn't mind following a different family, but I just didn't really care about any of them. Everyone was disposable and had very little character depth. The ending was completely underwhelming and didn't pull on any heartstrings like the endings of seasons 1 and 2. Here's to hoping season 4 is focused on Clementine again and builds relationships with characters we actually care about losing."
,Not Recommended,536220,33623610,Posted: 17 July,all,KILL! ALL! NAZIS!,"As a long-time fan of this series, this game was.... disappointing.The thing about Telltale's TWD series are its stakes. It gives us characters we can love or hate, characters we WANT to protect, choices that weigh heavily and could lead to life or death. A New Fronteir had very few of these, if none. The choices were black-and-white, almost of the characters the protagonist is supposed to love are ABSOLUTELY INFURIATING, there's a forced romantic subplot that will get you in trouble even if you reject it, and the most promising characters aren't given nearly enough screentime. And don't even get me started on Clementine. The reason why Telltale keeps bringing her back is because we love her and want to protect her. Now, she can protect herself - which SHOULD be cause for celebration, but it causes our character to have the bare minimum of an awkward relationship with her,and her storyline, which as been developing for two whole seasons, is left on a cliffhanger.And let me also mention that Clementine's character is done a nasty in this season. The last two seasons have been shaping her into a smart, self-sufficient girl who knows betrayal and how to avoid it. You can't just throw that asideand turn her into the romantic interest for a character who's over-emotional, violent, and who SHE WITNESSES sell out his OWN FAMILY just so he can act smug.Not to mention I find it kind of insulting that we're expected to love this family of manipulative, explosively emotional people when we 1) Are given nearly NO development with them and 2) have a character we've stuck with for three seasons dangled right in front of our face.not to mention how a character like Kenny, who I've been with through thick and thin since season 1, is disposed of an the must unheroic, undeserving flashback sequence ever. I get it, not all deaths are created equal, but REALLY?4/10, if only for some of the cool concepts and some of the more interesting characters, like Jesus, Daniel, and Ava (who was not shown NEARLY enough). Big disappointment. I did not expect to play a Telltale game and celebrate when one of the protagonist's core allies dies, but here we are, I guess."
76561198097470405,Not Recommended,536220,32130485,Posted: 2 June,all,Boulenaz,"Kennywas given the most pointless, rushed and downright lazy death out of anyone in the entire series. ♥♥♥♥ you Telltale and your lazy writing. Every game was excellent up until this one. So far, none of the pervious game's decisions seem to mean jack♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198077884165,Recommended,536220,29230398,Posted: 13 January,all,twitch.tv/aliensf99 foX=D!,Amazing game as per usual
76561198173293702,Not Recommended,536220,29268949,Posted: 15 January,all,spoopy gib,"SPOILERS SPOILERS, be careful while reading thisEdit: SO FAR, it's not that good, of course I haven't played episode 3+, but I heard it's being delayed, so this is my opinion SO FAR. The game might get better, but I do not know, so far it's bad for me.GCN Review: This one does a great job, has spoilers but lets admit it, you probably know atleast one thing that starts off this game, just watch ok?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTC2w4m6pg0SPOILERS: 2nd Edit: Another way they could fix the game, and this is to where choices matter. Is if you see Kenny inside of the new place, if you went to Wellington, where they never confirmed his death, or maybe even Edith, seeing where, if you went with Kenny, for all you know she never died either. If they do this in episode 3, it could turn the bad reviews like mine upside down, because  mine and others are based on the fact that choices DON'T matterChoices don't matter, and spoiler alert, everyone except Clementine and AJ from season 2 is dead, in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 5 second flashback. The only way telltale could make this work, would be to scrap episode one and two and actually try to make choices matter.Oh yeah, and you don't play as Clementine either.Instead of her, some new guy we've NEVER seen before, who is kind of a potato, if you've played Wolf Among Us, or whatever the hell that games called, imaging playing as the detective, then in season 2, playing as some random♥♥♥♥♥normal pleb boy you've never ever ever seen before. That's how this makes me feel when I play as Javier and don't even get the choice to play as Clementine."
76561198300968859,Not Recommended,536220,30599514,Posted: 18 March,all,CrackMemes,"♥♥♥♥ing console got EP3 before PCEdit: Lemme give you a basic example of the first two episodes: hurrie hurr hurr ur choices matter  illusion bs but this time we didn't even bother to make it seem like it is. You went with Kenny and left Wellington with him? WELL TOO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD! HE'S GONNA END UP AS BREAKFAST FOR THE UNDEAD! Went with Jane to Howe's Hardware? TOO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD TOO, SHE GOT PREGNANT AND HUNG HERSELF! Stayed with Edith at Wellington! GUESS WHAT? YOU GUESSED IT, IT GOT ♥♥♥♥ED AND SHE'S DEAD. TELLTALE: We want you to think your choices matter BUT IN REALITY THEY DON'T MEAN♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198009624023,Not Recommended,536220,30228764,Posted: 27 February,all,Chevipa,"The plot is pure and authentic rubbish. It is a sucession of unrealistic moments.  Besides, it is so poorly written that it is impossible to empathize with any character.Needeless to say, it stands way behind the previous two games. It's not like they were the finest literature, but at least they did not look like written by a 12 year old boy.If I had knew, I wouldn't have bought it."
76561198030878029,Not Recommended,536220,29112280,Posted: 8 January,all,Cazabrow,"Eh, I bought it expecting to see if they improved on what was lacking from 1&2. But what pisses me off is that choices still don't matter. Fact is that Telltale doesn't want to put in the effort to actually have a story which can branch out and have a legitimate different ending. Now obviously we've only seen two episodes but it's enough from what's happened already that it'll be the same by the end.Whoever you choose to live/die will end up dying anyway. Thought your choice of who you saved by the end of season 2 mattered? lol nope. Think they might actually continue to play a role? lol nope.It's basically a novel, the ""choices matter"" tag is merely a special feature to attract customers. Change to price to $10 or stop ripping off TWD for a cash grab ♥♥♥♥."
76561198005026324,Not Recommended,536220,31781032,Posted: 15 May,all,:^),"I dont care about Javi.I dont care about Javis brother.I dont care about Javis sister in Law.I dont care about Javis Neice or Nephew.I dont care about the New Frontier plot point.I dont ♥♥♥♥ing care about the Airfield town of anyone in it.ALL I ♥♥♥♥ING GAVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥ABOUT WAS ♥♥♥♥ING CLEM AND AJ THATS ALL I HAVE CARED ABOUT SINCE LEE DIED AND WE GET THIS DUMB PERSPECTIVE FROM A CHARACTER AND A FAMILY UNIT NO ONE CARED FOR AND NO ONE ♥♥♥♥ING WANTED. WHY DID THEY TRY THIS STUPID STORY TELLING PERSPECTIVE WHEN THEY HAD A GOOD THING GOING FROM CLEMS PERSPECTIVE AS AN EXTENSION OF LEE WHO WAS THE LITERAL ♥♥♥♥ING BEST. ALL I AND ""WE"" WANTED WAS TO INFLUENCE AND MOLD A CHARACTER WE LOVED AND WHAT WE GOT WAS COMPLETE♥♥♥♥♥♥ This not even mentioning the horrible narrative and syntax not to mention pacing problems that riddle the second episode. Ohhh and the ♥♥♥♥ing asspull like Davids appearance and the main antangonist of eps 3/4 was ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous. TellTale is a ♥♥♥♥ing shell of its former self and this episode is a failure of understanding from that company."
,Not Recommended,536220,30862302,Posted: 31 March,all,freiksenet,"Finished 3rd episode. God, writing is just dreadful. Save yourself some good memories from Season 1/2 and don't buy this one. Plot is predictable, characters are shallow (and die before you can care about them), and episodes are 2 times shorter than in Season 1 or 2.Also it's still the same ""game"". Don't expect much beyond usual button mash, ep3 didn't even have an exploration sequence (they are bad, I know, but that's at least some variety). Telltale keeps producing same game every time, with no changes to gameplay.PS. You don't play as Clem :("
,Recommended,536220,32112780,Posted: 1 June,all,JOVΛHKIIN,"TL;DR: The best Walking Dead game so far.This might sound controversial, specially thinking of how many people seem to hate it; But I just don't get why people write bad reviews about this game, this is the best thing Telltale has done since TWD S1 as it follows the same formula that made that one great, not only that but it also improves upon it.One of the reasons this game was so good is because we don't play as Clementine. Don't get me wrong, I love Clementine but playing as her just doesn't work. The reason she was just so compelling in the first title is because we had no direct control over her, we felt a strong need to protect her, make her happy, she made as much impact on us as we did on her as we played the game. In other words she was the driving force behind our overall actions. Season 2 let us play as her but that just erased her hole character, as we didn't play along with her but instead we were her. It wasn't Clementine's character it was ours, every wrong choice distanced me more of the character that she used to be, and just left me feeling how ""this was not her"". Season 2 in general didn't feel  much special; I can't recall much impactful moments from that season to justify it, it feels like it's just there to continue the story. The biggest problem was the lack of drive season 2 suffered from since we didn't have anyone to really care about; AJ became mostly the drive until the very ending, setting up for New Frontier rather that serving in benefit for that own season.In new frontier you got lots that needed of Drive, your family, Clementine, AJ, your brother. It also improves on the pacing a bit, and Choices feel meaningful this time around, this goes a long way to show how Telltale has come about to improve their narration system. Now you also build relationships, the Overall story feels better in my opinion, but this may be because of how much I can relate to it. As the oldest son of a Hispanic family who happens to be in the Army I think it's quite fitting, although it's odd playing as the younger brother, still feels very satisfactory to be able to relate at least a bit.The most surprising fact however is how the game indulged emotion this time around, it still made me cry like a kid but in a very different way than the cliche ""this important character dies in the end"" sorta thing Telltale is known for. I won't spoil it but still, this game had lots of impactful moments, definitely better that Season 2 and Michonne, and in my opinion better than Season 1, which I don't say lightly since it's one of my alltime favorite games."
76561198079239891,Recommended,536220,29177450,Posted: 10 January,all,Chlorine and Wine,"When you compare it to the first two seasons, I would say that it is rather disappointing. The episodes are an hour long rather than the three hours it used to be and characters a little one-dimensional.This game is still a good game in its own right, but not as great as the first season. I would recommend it to anyone that's a fan of the series and would still like to find out what happens to Clementine. Even though Javi is the protag, there is a lot of Clem focus as well.This is just a review of the first two episodes. Hopefully, the next ones would be much longer."
76561198064569394,Not Recommended,536220,29792126,Posted: 8 February,all,Decton,Clementine isn't the main character. RIP
,Recommended,536220,32301726,Posted: 9 June,all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"If you loved season 1 and 2 you will enjoy this new one. I was not expecting much after reading reviews for the first few episodes, but I wanted to try the game anyways for myself and I am glad I did! If TWD season 1 is a 9/10 and season 2 is a 8/10 I would give this season the same score as season 2.Some good writing, some tough choices and some good new characters. Javi reminds me of a new Lee, he is done really well! It is also cool to see Clementine when she is older!The only negative I have is there was more bugs than any of the other TWD games I have played (mainly during episode 3), other then that though I had no crashes and no fps issues.It is more telltale! Not quite as good as A Wolf Among Us (my personal favorite), TWD season 1 or Borderlands (how did this turn out so well? I wasn't a fan of the writing in Borderlands 1/2 but Telltale nailed that so well!), but for me this is up there with Season 2 of TWD. Not sure why this season gets so much hate to be honest, it has turned out pretty good!"
,Recommended,536220,28525695,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Beaver Dam,"i have played all of the games, and this one had some of the hardest choices. I loved season 1 and 2 and i think im gonna love season 3. I was a little bummed when you didn't get to play as clem as the main character but javi is a really strong character and feels like a younger lee. This is just my opinion but i think this season will be better than the last."
,Recommended,536220,28511542,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,お前はもう死んでいる,"First of all, I would like say that this game works on Intel Graphics(at least it did on my Intel HD 520) to all those peasants like me out there. This does not mean you'll get good graphics. I played at 1024X768 with everything set to ""Low"" and Anti-Aliasing ""Off"" and was able to run the game at around 30 fps average(Yes, I'm really poor and could use an upgrade).Now, the game itself is amazing. It still has a great story so far. I finished the first 2 episodes and my mind is completely blown. You still have to make tough decisions that is so common with The Walking Dead Series and the story is full of surprises. I didn't expect it to be so good in just the first two episodes. There were a few minor bugs where I didn't hear the dialogues but you can ignore them, not a big deal.Really excited for the next episodes."
76561198074117998,Recommended,536220,28662154,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,EasterEgg,Didn't kiss kate cause i wanted to get with the doc but now regret it 10/10 would regret again
,Recommended,536220,28537377,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pochusaurus,"Played the first episode and I'm already angry, sad and shocked at the turn of events.Also lost my save file for Season 1 and 2 but thank God they have a Build-A-Clem featureWow. Episode 3 is just... when you think you're making the right choices suddenly everything is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198068890428,Not Recommended,536220,28516237,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,N. Suicide G.,"This is one of my favorite franchises, and I'm not even that into point and click QTE games usually. That being said: so far, this season blows. You can''t play as Clem anymore, and she only plays a relatively minor role. Still, had that been the major issue, I'd still have recommended it. But it is not, so let me tell you what I dislike the most:- previous choices do not matter at all- episodes are far too short- for a Telltale game, your choices suckLet me explain that last point first, as it is the main reason I cannot recommend this game. In previous seasons, no matter what the situation, you always had a couple of choices. Whether or not they mattered in the long run was not all that important since they always felt real. That was the magic of Telltale games: the illusion of choice. In this game, even that illusion is gone. It feels like your choices are made for you. If I get the choice between trusting Clem, or trusting another stranger, of course I will trust Clem. It's Clem! But Javi does not know that yet. This game puts you in multiple of these situations, where almost everyone who either played previous games, read the comics or watched the series will feel compelled to make certain choices, even if they don't seem logical from Javis point of view. And that I cannot tolerate. I can accept that my choices do not really matter, but at least let the story be my own.As for the length of episodes, well, it is just horrible. Season One had an overarcing storyline, but every episode also had a fleshed out story of its own. Season Two was a bit shorter, but enough happened to feel satisfied after every episode while waiting for the next. In this season, that simply is not the case. Episodes are half the lenght they were in Season One, and offer only flashbacks and an overarcing story. They offer no little stories of their own, and what is worse, they end with terrible clifhangers. Not the ones that keep you on the edge of your seat untill the next episode, but the ones that just cut your expierence short mid game, and force you to endure another three months of waiting while Telltale takes their time.On top of that, add the stupid new engine that makes the game run pisspoor on older rigs while there wasn't anything wrong with the old one (and the new one is barely any better anyway).The only good thing I see is that AJ hasn't made a return.... yet. He was the only thing I hated about Season Two, because no matter how much you thoughened up Clem, you still couldn't get her to ditch that cursed useless baby. Jane should've really killed it. But even that is only bittersweet, as you do see him in flashbacks, and Clem is all sad about him. Which really is the very worst part, come to think of it... My Clem was hardened. I can't see that back in this Clem. She's just bitter, but still vulnarable. You gave us a game to shape Clem the way we wanted to Telltale.... don't take that away again.Oh and a final note: after episode three, it prompts you to buy the previous seasons! I have those already Telltale. Don't badger us with it, because it is not our fault that this third game is no better than an overblown commercial. And not even a good one, because if I had played this game first, I never would've bought the previous installments."
,Not Recommended,536220,28493638,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FANTAK,"What they've done with TWD season 1, broke our heartsWhat they've done with TWD season 2, broke our expectationWhat they've done with TWD Season 3, broke our interestThank you Telltale for ruining the greatest product you ever had"
,Not Recommended,536220,32099836,Posted: 31 May,all,Private FML,It was... Mildly entertaining.Not even close to as heart-wrenching and morally conflicting as Season 1 or Season 2 but still entertaining.
,Recommended,536220,28503826,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ur ded,Clementine is a badass now!
76561198059614369,Recommended,536220,28518070,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,VenomHD,"A New Frontier sticks to the usual Telltale formula and while it looks pretty good and runs well, it is simply okay, and has slightly improved with each episode. The new protagonist (Javi) is likeable and his backstory is interesting, to an extent. Clementine's story has progressed to fit with the direction of the rest of this game, leaving only flashbacks for what happened at the end of S2. This being Telltale's main series I thought it might be a cut above most of the games they came out with last year. By comparison, it could be better considering how good the first two seasons were, but it's certainly not terrible either.If you liked the previous seasons don't just write it off because of the reviews. There wasn't much chance of it beating the first two seasons, so they tried something new - just keep that in mind. If you're really unsure you can always wait for the first episode to be free."
,Not Recommended,536220,31406888,Posted: 27 April,all,Johan Tiberius,Telltale seems to be going backwards. Lack of chapter select for episodes. Granted that the episodes now are about 1-1.5 hours long I should not have to replay the whole episode to see a different outcome. Looking it up on youtube is also not the same because of the prior choices from previous episodes. Basic features like selecting which monitor i want to display the game on also has been absent for every game. Indie games made by a single person have that option. It really isn't difficult.They are also advertising their own games and comics within the game. Thats really low. I already paid for your product yet you have the balls to give me ads from previous products that I already own?The story is/was ok with some good characters but the lack of quality shows through.
76561198098784902,Not Recommended,536220,28702216,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,xXxDestroctor69,"I bought all 3 games on PC so i would not have to go thru the hassle of uploading my 360 saves to my xbox one. Turns out It does not matter what platform it is on, you have to upload the saves, and It does not even work. I should not have to jump thru 50 hoops just to get the MOST IMPORTANT feature to WORK on game. This game is all about your pervious choices and saves, so WHY was that NOT made the number one priority, to make sure it was WORKING, when they released the game. Its like a shooter not having guns or a racing game without the cars. This has really made angery as the ""recreate"" system is bare boned and usless as it only covers minimal choices and the ones that are there are not even done correctly. After spending 2 hours on the forms it seems that TT is not even helping anyone with the same issues, blaming it on save corruption or steam. I have contact support and hope that they fix it, but if nothing is done to change this, then I sugesst not wasting your money. Right now its a 0/10 as its basically pointless to play."
,Not Recommended,536220,28519390,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Wolfy,"Not the same as Season 1, that's obvious but in my opinion more enjoyable than Season 2.If you've played Season 1 and 2 and want to see what happens next in the story don't get this game, the focus is shifted eniterely from Clementine so there's no point in playing it.If you're just a Walking Dead fan in general then yeah you could buy it and you can enjoy it, it's got good graphics, interesting cast of characters, impactful choices and an interesting main character.It's sad actually to see the characters we were so invested in being wasted (Not gonna give any spoilers), including Clementine (Though her personality is somewhat explained, and we get to see a bit of her old self in later episodes, when she opens up to others).This Season feels more like a DLC between Season 2 and an actual Season 3, all we can do is hope they get back on the right path and continue Clem's story, because it would be a shame if her character would be wasted."
,Recommended,536220,28493596,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bakk - Yernemm,"Pros:-Awesome Story-Clementine now more badass than ever before-It's a Telltale game, so it's gonna be good-Actually shows the outcomes of the choices from Season 2Cons:-We now have to wait for Episode 3"
,Recommended,536220,33315164,Posted: 6 July,all,[λ²]»Ҳţremeţ99«[GER]Ò_ó ©®,Amazing game! Very difficult decisions... Made me cry too! As expected from a Telltale game! Looking forward to the next Titel!
,Recommended,536220,28537582,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,you know i had to do it to em,First two episodes amazing. Highly reccomend. Hopefully the other 3 episodes will stand up to the standard the first two brought
76561198000513881,Recommended,536220,28645854,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Swordfish,"Clementine is back and she has definitely grew some balls (not literally ofc) :D This game is way more better than batman, but the episodes are too short, therefore it's not as good as the first 2 walking dead game. I hope, that the new episodes will be longer."
,Recommended,536220,28548592,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,crab_f,"hey look it's Pretty Decent, which is better than Batman or TWD Michonne. that's a relief"
,Recommended,536220,28515627,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ÇataPatAhmet,ITS BACK!!!!!!!CELMENTINEEE
76561198006270634,Recommended,536220,28569707,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Varen,"Just finished the first chapter, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Especially since you can load your save from The Walking Dead 2."
76561198259294071,Recommended,536220,28519794,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Michka,Really good game <3 I wish I'll can play Clementine but... I love Javier too so it's okay <3
76561198063991551,Recommended,536220,28522853,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,jedisithdude,"Warning: This review will be updated as the next three episodes are released. This is only for the first two episodes. Non-spolier review.Honestly, I like the New Frontier so far. It's focused mainly on a new character (Javier) who is completely centered around his remaining family. Clementine comes into the picture just a little later. Like everyone else, I love Clem and am a bit disappointed that she's not really that playable as of these first two episodes. Unlike a lot of people, I'm fine with the flashbacks as I expected this in the first place and don't think they were really cheap. Hopefully we'll actually play as Clementine in the present, however, this is looking like Javier's story with Clementine thrown in as an emotional attachment for us players. Don't know how I feel about that, so we'll have to wait and see.The writing is good, sometimes dumb, but never off-putting, not for me at least. It's not Season 1, but it's pretty good. I like Clem and Javier's dialouge and the way they interact is great. Kate's alright and Gabe fits into the annoying teenager trope. Hopefully he gets meaningful character development.During the game, the action really never lets up after the first 30 or so minutes and you're jumping from one interaction to the next. Puzzles are fewer here, which I could care less about. There are less conversations with characters like in the first season at the motel. That's a definite miss, and something I hope they improve on in later episodes.Another thing people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about is the shortness of the episodes. In total they're about 2hrs and 30 minutes, maybe. Honestly, it could've been one episode, but they split it to have cliffhanger decisions and such. I honestly find it a little annoying the episodes are short, but if they can deliver quality like this every episode, I'm all for it. Hopefully they release faster as well with the shortened episode time, like Batman did.Overall, I'm giving the first two episodes a solid 8.5 out of 10. There are definite concerns to be had about the trends the episodes are taking, but overall I had a blast with my two playthroughs of this game so far and can't wait to see the next episodes. All I can say is more Clem Telltale, please!"
,Recommended,536220,28491940,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Luther,"Really sad that you do not play as Clementine, But I would still recommend it.PS: This cannot compare to season 1 and 2PS PS: Gabe needs to die"
,Recommended,536220,28502257,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mystfire,CLEMENTINE!!!!!!The game is back!!!! Great start to season 3. Excellent storytelling that make your choices have real meaning and it's amazing that your choices from season 1 and 2 can still have an impact on the story.I was skeptical at first that I wouldn't be playing as Clementine as continuation from season 2 but their new main Javier is a surprisingly great character. Thumbs up to Telltale.I've had no issues with gameplay or framerates.Highly recommend you play the first 2 seasons before you have a go at this one.
,Recommended,536220,28495144,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Marcuz,Clementine is back nice to see her againso much hard choices to makekill more zombies in a smart wayplaying as Javi i was like....what why but then i was wrong he awesomeE E E E E Q Q Q Q Q Q Q E E E E E ( tapping ) left right down upthe feels man.......cant hold tears ; (cant wait for more Episodes
,Recommended,536220,28522105,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DrCherryTop,"Another great piece to Telltale's Walking Dead series.However, I strongly dislike how little effect your final choice in Season 2 plays along into this. I wanted to see the returning characters fall into the story, with different stories for every ending choice. Instead, they were taken from us and the storyline is exactly the same no matter of your final choice in the previous Season of this series.Other than that, this is absolutely another great piece of work from Telltale, once again. I love the story and the new characters (so far) and look forward to the next episodes!"
76561198050141583,Recommended,536220,28497546,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Brinkers91,Telltale did amazing as always with this game. I can not wait for episode three to come out!
,Recommended,536220,28557287,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,GUSTAVAUMEISTER,"This is as good as the EP1/EP2 (first and second TWD). The history has been amazing, even though I am in the beggning of the story it is very nice :)"
76561198276591053,Recommended,536220,28501959,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,OhhSNAPaGinger,"If you played the previous TWD telltale games, you will love this one. It is action packed and emotional from the get go. Lee taught Clementine well and she is a badass! >:)"
,Recommended,536220,28512029,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Gracie,"I don't even know what to write, this game is literally the best that I have ever played. I'm so excited!!!.....KEEP IT UP 10/10 without any words!"
76561198056011480,Recommended,536220,28494036,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,MusicKing23,"Holy wow. I'm so impressed by how great the graphics look in this Season of Telltale's TWD. They really stepped it up since the last season.Javier is a great new addition to the lore of TWD, and he's really an interesting protaganist.I finished Episode One, and I NEED MORE"
,Recommended,536220,28494856,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,gaskc,"*NO SPOILERS*The game is progressing nicely so far (played episodes 1 and 2), the engine surely got some upgrades and is visually beautiful. the mechanics are still the same with a few small new features. But the game focus is on the history and man it is really good so far. Although in one of the ""tough choices"" moments as I didn't get to know the character very well it was really easy. Aside from that the game is very good. So far I'm liking it and can't wait for episode 3About the choices of season 2:I just finished playing the first two episodes and so far I had only one flashback related to the choices of season 1 and 2. and one small dialogue with Clem. I mean it's not much, but it's something I guess. Since they're doing it so that some new audiences can play the game, I can understand why they made it this way."
,Recommended,536220,28497855,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,[BWC] Yung Autism LFT,"This game is great! I waited 2 years for this game. I love The Walking Dead. Finally, this game has come out! It's great, and there are twists and unexpected events that you wouldn't have seen coming prior. This game is great. I already can't wait for the other episodes."
76561198148991440,Recommended,536220,28522612,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BobbyBerimbolo,"Awesome game, recommend it to anyone!"
76561197971958269,Recommended,536220,28522897,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,†FullDuplex†,"excellent , great story so far and once again an emotional rollercoaster.worth every penny and i can't wait to see whats to come.well done telltale, well done !"
,Recommended,536220,28494418,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ButtStallion,After the first two episodes…just wow. Everything I hoped for. Epic 2x90 minutes.
76561198115680251,Recommended,536220,28495153,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,JeffPotet,This game is amazing. Can't wait to replay it to check out the different endings! :)
,Recommended,536220,28506032,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sa3o0d502,:)
,Recommended,536220,32384722,Posted: 13 June,all,Bren,"Starts off terribly had to stop playing episode 3, however episode 4 and 5 are quite redeeming and overall a decent experience."
,Recommended,536220,33740402,Posted: 23 July,all,BigFellas,"10/10 still I remember when AJ said ""clem"", we'll bring you back next season goofball !"
,Not Recommended,536220,32006417,Posted: 27 May,all,.M!ka™,"The dialoge is stale, Your choices from the previous games only effect flashbacks, characters are only used to make you have an emotional bond to them -not to develop the main character in anyway- and iT's ♥♥♥♥ING tELLTALE."
76561198195198498,Recommended,536220,32204246,Posted: 5 June,all,Cleocatra,"As much as I loved Clem and her story, I've grown to love Javier just as much and I wasn't sure I would like the change in protagonist. This was a fantastic game and it's an awesome addition to the series."
,Not Recommended,536220,28519850,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Môrfaron,"I'm getting some stuttering for some reason. Other than that I hate that the rewind system isn't there anymore. If you wanna make another choice you basically have to start over the whole season, because not only are there no chapters anymore, but if you restart an episode it doesn't even seem to keep track of your actions from the previous episode, it just replaces them with some default ones. I know that ""your actions matter"" is bullsh!t, but at least let me make those minor inconsequential ""choices"" that are supposed to be the ""gameplay"". I wanted to change a choice in episode 2 but got frustrated that I had to restart the whole thing so I guess I'll just wait until all the episodes are out. Right now I can't recommend this game."
76561198140552692,Recommended,536220,32417272,Posted: 14 June,all,Mr.Zolent ✅,"Ну что, будем надеяться что это всего лишь ответвление от основного сюжета, и в следующем сезоне будет все норм как с сюжетом, так и с персонажами.P.S. Но все же, я рекомендую для ознакомления!"
,Not Recommended,536220,32069938,Posted: 30 May,all,The Doctor,"The worst game of the saga without any doubt.Characters perfectly forgettable and none other than Clementine, the protagonist of the previous games, is interesting. Its a Latin-American soap opera but with Zombies, with WORST animations than the previous two games and with stories without attractive , Deaths that do not transmit any feeling to the player and even less decisive moments than in the previous ones.As a fan of the saga i want to say that if you wanna play The Walking Dead buy the first two, two timeless works of art  and with the best story about Zombies ever created. Let the story of Kenny and Clementine end up in Wellington and give them both an emotional and unforgettable ending.It's a huge shame as they have gone over my second favorite game and have massacred it without mercy and without even bothering to make a game minimally Decent."
76561198076305999,Not Recommended,536220,33676116,Posted: 20 July,all,Illusive_gator,Game is barely about clem. This season is boring and too fast. The walking dead telltale series is starting to fail.
,Recommended,536220,28714274,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Guggaming,ก็มาถึง SS3 กันแล้วนะครับสำหรับซีรีห์ Walking Dead แบบเกมของค่ายนี้ บางคนงงว่าทำไมโผล่มา SS3 เลย คือ ติด ภาคก่อนๆนั้นตั้งแต่ก่อนทำช่องครับ พอภาคนี้ออก + อยากหาไรเล่นลงช่องก่อนหมดปี ก็เลยจัดเลย 55+ ในคลิปจะมีภาพรวมคร่าวๆของภาคก่อนๆแล้วครับ ถึงไม่เคยดูมาก่อนก็เข้าใจได้ + เหตุการณ์ฉบับการเล่าเรื่องที่ชวนติดตาม ทำให้ภาคนี้เป็นอีกภาคที่ยอดเยี่ยมเลยครับ :Dmy gameplay (TH):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIqV2TXQOE8
76561198119229179,Recommended,536220,28657420,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Animains,Nice job
,Recommended,536220,32351948,Posted: 11 June,all,CyrixSG,"This is more of the same but then some.  Telltale Games story series can't change a whole lot.  You're basically buying an interactive movie, and that's exactly what the fans want.  A New Frontier is very enjoyable.  A lot of people panned the game after the first couple episodes, but I wanted to wait until I played the whole game before I passed judgement.  This is how it stacked up for me with a TL;DR recap at the end.  To note, I DID play this game from start to finish in one sitting.  This is how I prefer to play and stream them.Pros:It's The Walking Dead - You can't deny that majority of the popularity of this series is the subject matter.  I'm not even a  fan of the TV series (similar in name and plot idea only), but I have thoroughly enjoyed this series so far.New characters - Inevitably, the series will evolve as characters die off.  It's just par for the course with this series.  TTG does a good job keeping series favorite Clementine around (I think at this point that killing her off would be best reserved for a series finale if at all.  Too many people would be upset by this.)  There is a con associated to this as well, but we'll get there.More adult relationship exploration - I noticed this in Tales from the Borderlands and Batman, but TTG does a great job in adding in some sexual tension and attraction in their adult characters.  In the first two games of this series, it focuses on Clem and her attachment to the father and family figures of her life.  This one explores that offhandedly and focuses more on the Garcia family unit.  This was a welcome change for me.  I enjoyed the ""love in the apocolypse"" angle they explore here and the context of that love makes it even more exciting as you have to decide if certain actions are right or wrong for all involved.  Nice change of pace for TTG's Walking Dead series.Solid story - This is a matter of contention.  I enjoyed the story.  It's not a lot of exploration and detective work, which is something that could slow down the gameplay for some.  Instead, it relies more on the decision making and quick time events that make the story type games like this so enjoyable and I like that.Cons:New characters - As mentioned in the pros, this is a double edged sword.  On the one hand, new character development is a nice filler for the game and it helps move the story along, and I understand why Clem (and to a lesser extent, AJ) are the only hold overs.  At the end of Season Two, you can have more companions in Jane or Kenny, and without spoiling anything directly, they ARE ""cameoed"" in this game, but for some, that won't be enough or might be considered a ""cop-out"".  Obviously, since there are more than one outcome to the previous game, they can't make two+ versions of this one to account for the players decisions, it just feels like something that should have been more fleshed out.More of the same - You can't deviate a whole lot in a series like this.  The sky isn't going to suddenly open up and the sun beam down on all of the land, righting whatever went wrong, and that can be frustrating.  Innovation isn't something you can expect.  This isn't a huge problem for someone like me, who enjoys these games for the occasional interaction and the heavily storydriven gameplay, but for some, this series may grow stale.  Other games by Telltale probably won't have the same issue as their stories can be addressed from different angles, but Walking Dead is a ""we need to survive, some of the survivors are evil, let's try to help each other but remain vigilant as to self preservation"" kind of story.  There will always be danger from zombies, bandits, and more than likely will revolve around a safe haven suddenly becoming ""not safe"".This or that - I HATE the forced decisions of ""do this or do that"" that get punished for doing nothing by the game ending.  A decision with only two choices, neither I would make, is annoying enough, but leaving it to silence and having my character killed as a result is just annoying.  It's a staple in TTG stories, and it's annoying in all of them to me.Summary:If you enjoyed the previous games, this will scratch that Walking Dead itch.  In true Telltale fashion, they leave it open ended to suggest another season.  If you're looking for the reinvention of the wheel or anything beyond a similar story in a new setting, this isn't for you.Updated for spacing and spelling."
76561198077235458,Recommended,536220,28539907,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Froakii,"I love this game so far! Telltale is doing a great job with the walking dead. The two episodes we got so far was really good. I was very skeptical to the new character Javier and that we would play as him instead of Clem. I really hoped and believed that we would play as Clementine. But Javier is a interesting and so far enjoyable character to play.I really love those flashback moments with Clem, but I feel they are a little bit too short so far. Then again we are only two episodes in but I do hope we get to know the whole story of Clem and how she got this far and what she did after season 2.I`m hugh TWD fan of the show and comics so I love that they brought Jesus in this series. I'm very interested to see what they do with him. The music is fantastic and I love the gameplay!So far so good!"
,Recommended,536220,28504425,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dumpster baby,goodgame10/10you should play as clementine thoughthats just ♥♥♥♥ed up
,Recommended,536220,32098552,Posted: 31 May,all,Pim #Baby Mario,10/10 Looking forward to the next game Season 4
76561198077497394,Recommended,536220,28520505,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dust,"My people. We knew this day would come. She's growing up.Is she what you wanted? Expected?Welcome to Parenthood.At the end of the day, this is progress. A solid game that made some purposeful changes that we HATE, because we're supposed to.GameplayPros:- Handling them bigger explorable layouts, something long time fans will notice. They're a big part of the game, and this is smooth emprovement.-It looks and emotes better.-I also feel like I've been more satisfied with my first-choice dialogue options then I've been in past games, but maybe that's just me.Cons:-It could still look and emote better-Maybe... Definitely start color-coating tones of voice.Story Drivers:Pros:-The new guy? Maybe I see my family in his, but I found him relatable and enjoyable to play.-Knowing there is Story Restriction on her character, I feel like Clementine was directed well. I appreciate this lack of control, this ""getting to look in from the outside"" with another frame of mind from which to judge her. The choice is a no-brainer.- It was freeing to get to ask myself a question other than ""Is this best for Clem?""Cons:-How do I feel about ONLY getting to interact with Clementine? Super mixed, and in a good way. Do i hate it? Yeah. I hope to switch control between them more than just for Clem's flashback. I want to keep guiding her, even if just a little, Like the NO fans, I don't want to get too far from her. The whole point of this series is that we care about Clem.But we gotta let her grow, she's a teenager.Maybe I got lucky, or maybe my imagination rocks, but I like this Clem.*New folks: It's getting better.*Old folks: She's getting older.As always, I can't wait for the next one.P.S. My guess? We'll be asked to betray her before the end."
,Recommended,536220,28503521,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Lord Of The Bing,"Well, Only Thing I Can Say Is Well Done Telltale. Was so hyped for season 3 but it did did not match what I was excepting it to be. IT WAS 10X BETTER!!!! What an Amazing first 2 episodes !!!"
76561198007239512,Recommended,536220,33958947,Posted: 1 August,all,Chaos Theory,"I hadn't anticipated this prior to starting Season 3, but it ultimately became my favorite-- by far.   The characters were GREAT, the story was solid, and the acting/writing was probably the best I've seen from Telltale Games, regardless of franchise.  And unlike the first two seasons, I cannot remember one part in any episode that I considered ""boring"".  It was a consistently engaging experience throughout, and that's tough to do!That said, it was the 'buggiest' of any Telltale experience to date, with 3 full on crashes and some graphical glitches-- all easily solved with a game restart.  I also noticed, for the first time playing a TT game, that some of the selection abbreviations were a bit misleading, and often revealed an opposite intent for what I thought would be the response.  At other times, information was shared to the other characters that had little to do with the abbreviated selection.Minor gripes aside, I've become quite attached to Clementine's story, and her dialogue is written and acted fantastically.  Thinking back to the beginning, if you would have told me a child in a zombie world would become one of my all-time favorite protagonists, I'd have said you're nuts!  In addition, it took only a single game to make me really like Javier.  He's a complex, interesting character, which is not something we've seen beyond Clementine over the course of the series.I'm actually sad to learn that you play AS Clem again next season, as I really enjoy playing someone who gets to interact WITH her-- the Clem that ""I* raised.  It's kind of like seeing your kid grow up and go out on her own.  I really wish I wasn't controlling her anymore, as odd as that sounds...  I can only hope she's allowed to live in peace, grow up and be part of any new society when the tale ends.Nonetheless, I'm more excited for Season 4 than I've been for any installment yet, as I really like the direction the franchise has taken.  It's just sad to hear that it may be over after that.  Here's hoping they reverse that decision."
,Recommended,536220,28531029,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Robert,"Recommending this game? Sure I will, I've been waiting a long time on it and have not been disappointed (all too much).The game combines the fighting of TWD: Michonne with the story of TWD: Season 2. For me, it's fairly disappointing how you can't run around as much as in Season 1, and howhow, although they do get some attention, your choices from Season 2 don't count as much, besides some scars on Clem's face and different flashbacks, where everything from the past seasons is cut off from the main New Frontier story.The story however, is not bad. Although I personally don't agree with Telltale Games cutting the first episode in two smaller episodes (total play time from episode 1 + 2 without pauses: 2.5 hours, same as a whole episode in Season 2), I like the story personally. It gives you the opportunity to meet all the characters that you'll be traveling with in the game. The game focuses more on the people in the Apocalypse than the walkers (or in this game: muertos), but the walkers get their screentime as well, as well as the classic Q and E mashing we know from Telltale Games. For me it's the perfect balance of people and walkers, it makes the story not boring to play (which it will, if it would've been 3 hours of story).Will update when next episodes come out :)."
,Not Recommended,536220,32783073,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,"To hell with Telltale games, seriously no matter what you do only the choices they make matter, you can say this do that still wont change the outcome. Plus I'm getting sick of the cliche turn of events EVERY TIME. You almost 100% that some half zombie is hanging from a ledge to bite you because you know Telltale logic."
76561197970734356,Not Recommended,536220,32181054,Posted: 4 June,all,Amulrei,"Rather disappointing.Sloppy writing, flimsy characters and pacing that off-putting and even jarring at times make this the weakest of the three series by far."
76561198028516142,Recommended,536220,28503538,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,rkkrydom,♥♥♥♥♥♥love this game. I love whatever happened to Clementine. The new guy is pretty cool too. The story keeps changing and evolving. Especially when the story is going in one direction but you can change the outcome. :D
76561197975274162,Recommended,536220,28497959,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ocelot,"If the next episodes are as good as the first 2, I'd say this will be the best season of Telltale's TWD yet. Clem is as great as ever and I've really been enjoying learning about the rest of the new cast! I've played seasons 1 and 2 a bajillion times, but a new player could hop into this third season without any background knowledge and still have a blast."
,Recommended,536220,28503353,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,NightKnight,"Wow, I am very impressed :) The story is absolutely amazing and emotional just as you would expect and the graphics are smooth and detailed. The Devs did an outstanding job. Can't wait to play the next few chapters/episodes!Edit after ep 4: The game continues to surprise me and keep me on edge. the decisions you make always leaves you with a short window which adds realism and immersion. it's unpredictable and actually makes you care about the choices you make concerning characters and other things. loving it so far!"
76561198024120887,Recommended,536220,28503381,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dirty Casual,Jesus kicks♥♥♥♥♥Clementine is backAll you need to knowNOW GO PLAY THE GAME
,Recommended,536220,32506826,Posted: 17 June,all,vincentalim,This game not so bad. But I prefer the TWD 1 and 2.
,Recommended,536220,28519363,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Popo,Now yes.. This was the game worth pre ordering [no offense meant]Great Story ..Damn Badass Clemah man.. as always its Telltale... they are always good and keeping the suspense :DP.S. :  I promise never to pirate your games anymore.. infact i will buy ur bundle this winter sale10/10
,Recommended,536220,28519262,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TheCobra,"I dont agree with most other reviews. I think this series needed ""a fresh start"" if you will. I know - It was awesome following all those characters from season 1 and 2, but it has to end at some point. Another season of those same characters would not have been as intersting in my opinion.The story of Javi and his family is very intersting, and i cant wait to see how it plays out!I think the game is absolutely amazing so far."
17465895443564563,Recommended,536220,28519060,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Not Beach,"As of this review, only episode 1 and 2 have been released. I have played all of episode 1 and 2. Episode 1 I've played twice.Javi is pretty cool. If you're worried they wiped the slate clean, Clem is still in the game and important. Javi IS the main character, though. So far, Clem is only playable in flashbacks, but I think those are alright. Some may disagree and I can see that point. Regardless of your ending, they all kinda clean the slate in the end, it offers different flashbacks. Personally I like the format. I feel that each choice changers your perception of the story, even if the results all come to the same point.The story is top notch, as of episode 1 and 2. It's thrilling and continues the grittiness and style from the previous games. It's also one hell of an upgrade visually and mechanically.The desision making still isn't what everyone desires. Lots of choice are just one instagram filter or another. Also, basically, the ending you got from the previosus game, so far, has little effect on the game. This is probably expected from most Telltale fans and not a deal breaker.If you played previous games, this is perfect. If you're really agaisnt ""false sense of choice"" this may not interest you, but I feel incredibly invested in Javi and the new characters. The writers have definately stepped it up this time around.One issue I felt was it does suck to not be Clementine overall. This seires kinda started around the basis of how she develops as a character. Regardless of how you taught her as Lee, then played her, she does end up like Jane.An issue for the statistics, if you care about those, is it's not uncommon for people to side with 90/10, give or take, when Clem is involved. Another reason I feel that Clem should have been a centralized character.Time will tell if the rest of the episodes hold up, but so far, I've enjoyed and been immersed in the story of The Walking Dead: A New Frontier"
,Recommended,536220,28492178,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,(Vol)survivor7,Graphics are better then season 2 and a few bugs in the game but still okay.
76561198246296034,Recommended,536220,28645935,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,N0w3rr3pic,"One of those most emotional games you'll ever play, Your choices actually matter half the time,One of the best walking dead stories, If you want a game that is very action packed and emotional,You need to get this game10/10"
76561198103251452,Recommended,536220,28701924,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Paramedic,"Honestly cant wait for the next couple of episodes..... Sure theres only really 2 or 3 choices that mattered throughout the two episodes but they really nailed the kind of hopeless tone that negan instills in season 7 combined with TellTale's awesome talent of making the story captivating and interesting to whoever is playing. I especially loved Clementine's comeback even if you arent directly playing as her, she feels as much of a character as the last two seasons did because of how well the story from season 2 carries into it.  However not all characters from season 2 get love and treatment, most of them are killed off in stupid and rediculous ways that are just there to explain how clementine wound up alone again. After my playthrough i looked at two other lets plays that chose different characters from season 2 and it proved my point being that all of their deaths were avoidable. The new character is a bit abnoxious at the start, with him trying to philander with a married woman ( his brothers wife) and him being a big mouthed, peudocharming person who wines too much, however..........he starts diplaying leadership traits that appeal to his sense of optimism when he meets the strong willed clementine who makes him realize that the world is already bad enough, which leads him to question why people make it worse in a zombie apocalypze already filled with bloodthirsty monsters. This sense of hope mirrors Lee's relationship to Clem in season 1 as a beam of light in group situations where disagreements could brew violence amongst people. This is further cemented by the death of a loved one and his will to fight on in episode 2. I cant to see how his character grows by the end"
76561198044080723,Not Recommended,536220,32142052,Posted: 2 June,all,AimedSlayer,"Is this game worth it?The only reason i would recommend this game is if you was curious about what is going on in the walking dead world. the main appeal to me of this was to see what Clementine was up to but sadly she is  treated like a side character most of the game, i personally have little to no interest in the new people they added. Threw out the game i found my self asking why should i care about ""this"" character etc, hopefully in the next season they focus on clementine in stead of characters that we have no connection or ties with.If you have never played the a walking dead game i would highly not recommend this  gameIf you have beat the previous seasons  to this game then i would say you could find fun in this if you are looking for your walking dead fix but it is nothing like the previous seasons although it does have it's moments.Overall this season disappointed me but hopefully they will make up for it in the next season. If you are going to buy it wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,536220,33722487,Posted: 22 July,all,THE wild skunk!,"This game just felt terrible to play. And not in the good, walking dead season 1 kind of way.The characters were boring, the writing was bad, and when it finally came to an end, i was kinda glad.The story seemed nice, Javi a nice guy. New family, new perspective, another incentive to buy.But unfortunately, the story began to take a sharp turn, when fan favorite Clementine, makes a predictable return.Sure we all loved her when playing as Lee, but she feels tacked on, something nostalgic to see.Despite playing through episode 3 and four twice, i finished the game in under 8 hours, the playtime, wasn't nice.There were also bugs, glitches and crashes galore, and by the seventh error, it was starting to be a bore.The choices you make, don't really matter. Even the ones in season 2, don't make the game fatter.But the game is not without some of its own meager merits. A particular cameo, tickled me a bit.In the end i felt as if this game was just filler. Another game pumped out, while Telltale grows iller.Telltale works hard on game after game. Guardians of the Galaxy, and minecraft. They're all extra names.In the end i just wish they calm down and keep pace, before one final travesty knocks them down on their face.As I bring this review to an end, I have one last request that to Telltale i will lend.As we all like to say, the customer is always right, so maybe you should listen to us, come down. We don't bite.But a certain detective with a taste for cheap cigarettes, we begged and pleaded and our prayers were met.So please don't give Bigby the walking dead treament. Take your time, add polish, and if you need to, pitch a tent.Because for our expectations for season 2 to be possibly met, you'll need to work hard, something you clearly haven't done yet.But if you meet your goals, score a ten out of ten, you will return, reborn as true men,So to everyone who took the time to read this, goodbye and fair well, hope it hasn't been a miss.But for those of you who still look for some more, six out of ten, is my final score."
76561198089885592,Recommended,536220,28729449,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hayenns,"Putting aside the crappy flashback death, A New Frontier is actually really promising. Javier as a character has exceeded my expectations, and the character growth shown by Clem is really interesting. This is a fantastic addition to the series!"
,Not Recommended,536220,29391571,Posted: 20 January,all,White_Noise,"Changed my review to negative. Here's why.This game is lackluster at best. The characters don't develop much, and it seems like a neverending loop where each episode has the same tone.As for the technical side, many people are reporting loss of save files with every new episode. As it turns out, I just got hit with that problem in episode 4.Telltale will close your support ticket and ignore your thread posts if you ask about this problem.I have my saves back up, including the cloud... yet for whatever reason the game will not acknowledge that I have it. It will not use it. It will not read it. If you choose to continue, all your choices will be randomly generated.There is no point in playing if they are not your choices to begin with.What I will say is that the voice acting is great, but has poor writing behind it.♥♥♥♥ you, Telltale."
,Not Recommended,536220,34424645,Posted: 22 August,all,Spoopy Egg,"The first two games were very good, emotional and had very loving characters. The reason why this game is a turn-off for me is because you play as a totally new person and have to get used to his backstory and you're pretty much playing a completely different story that is just HINTING at one of the old characters (Clem). If you stayed with Clem and made her backstories an actual game I think that would sell a lot better. You make these games with tons of loveable characters but then decide to kill them all off, leave the most favourited by herself (and or with Kenny or Jane) and you don't even get to play as that favouritable character, instead of the 3 you've gotten to know over the hours of gameplay you have done, you play as JAVIER AND HIS♥♥♥♥♥♥SISTER-IN-LAW (right it's his sister in law?) Not to mention the new characters by themselves have TERRIBLE PERSONALITIES. Javi's brother is a major♥♥♥♥♥♥ his wife a♥♥♥♥♥♥ they're children are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and the only characters I really enjoyed throughout that playthrough were Jesus and Clem. In my perspective we should of just watched Clem grow up and MEET Javi, making it more bearable."
,Recommended,536220,34562706,Posted: 28 August,all,Lando Griffin,"*SPOILER-FREE REVIEW*Finished the last episode today. I thought it was good. Season One is such a tough act to follow, that there are sure to be negative reviews about Season Two and A New Frontier. (I haven't played the game that is based on Michonne, so I can't compare it to that one.) A New Frontier is definitely not the best of the series, but it is still very good. Season One will be very tough to best, in terms of story telling and emotional content.  I will say that there does seem to be a little bit more watching involved in this game, rather than playing, but it is a good addition to the story. The gameplay might not be the exact same, but if you enjoyed the story before, you should enjoy this installment. I'm ready for Season Four."
76561198036033552,Recommended,536220,34431136,Posted: 22 August,all,Heavy Weapons Pie,"This game definitely isn't as good as the first or second game, but I did enjoy it. I wasn't too sure about what I thought of it until I finished it. The ending I got was probably one of the best. I wasn't a fan of most of the characters, and I had quite a few bugs with the animations and what not, but the story wasn't too bad. I would reccomend waiting for a sale, since it wasn't as enjoyable as the previous games.I am ready for the next one though, especially since it seems like we'll follow Clem again!!!"
76561197990587844,Not Recommended,536220,35192983,Posted: 24 September,all,von-block,"It's sad to say that but with that season, Telltale TWD is gone.The writting is so bad, the character so souless....RIP TWD"
76561198166796586,Recommended,536220,29311168,Posted: 16 January,all,lilyr123,"While is was disappointed in the beginning, I think in the end, I was happier with the game than I was in the beginning. While it was not the game that and I wanted (and I think other people agree with me too) it ended up being satisfactory for what it was. If you are a long time Clementine fan like me, then no, this game will not live up to your expectations. However, I feel that it was a good game in its own and that is why I have changed my review."
,Recommended,536220,32359212,Posted: 11 June,all,Poltergeist101,it was great it followed the story line of season 1 and 2
,Recommended,536220,28510122,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,UFO_boxing,"Well, I played it several times and I can assure as a great fan of Telltale's TWD that this a great game! It has an awesome story and characters, the theme in this game, like in all other TWD games, is family. The accion is good, the gameplay is garbage (like in all of Telltale's games) but they make up for it with a touching story, good choices (there's even a character that becomes determinant in the second chapter and can be kept alive until the end!) and awesome characters in general! (Love u Tripp!).I sure missed the best character in the series (Kenny!) but, as an independent story, A New Frontier is 100% worth it!"
76561198055397590,Recommended,536220,28497624,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,EpicKiller9905,"Please note that this is a review of the initial release on 20/12/16 and does contain some spoilers although they are blanked out. Will update when the new episode is out.TL:DR: Very happy with the story, choices, graphics (also technical side) and characters although some situations seem like filler. Would recommend.The game picks up a few years after the events of the second season and stars a new main playable character, Javier. Many are disappointed at the fact Clem is no longer our main protagonist and before playing this bothered me also. I do feel however, that our new protagonist is, as of the end of the second episode, an acceptable replacement.I liked the way that the game presented the struggles of Javier to start with it was new and set up a good reason for us to be doing what we are doing at the start of the game. Many new characters are introduced to us which I wont get into here due to the spoilers that will be present. I would like to add however that the characters that we have been introduced to thus far I find to be believable, decently written and very well voice acted.The graphics certainly look much improved and the game runs with no issues on my rig. There does not seem to be any of that annoying mid gameplay loading that caused the game to sometimes momentarily drop frames like in the previous two seasons (I hope you know what I mean by this I cant explain this any better.)The story up until this point has also been quite interesting withsome major characters already being killed off in some quite heavy handed and emotional ways (Your Niece, for example)Along with this I find that we are now actually getting quite big and I assume drastic story changing choices throughout instead of just at the end of said episode.Something that I do like is the flashbacks we get to play as Clem. I’ve had two so far and both were meaningful and contributed to the story while being a nice change of pace and fill in the blanks exercise.A critique I do have however is that a few of the choices and situations you are presented seem to be trying toturn you against Clem.It’s not a bad thing per say but I just don't think these situations make sense as I don't think anyone will actuallydisagree with Clem enough to turn against her. Also with the outrage of her not being the main protagonist I find it hard to believe many would not be kind to her and these choices really do seem like “Second play through I want to see what happens choices”.I would also like to issue a heads up to those who are planning to purchase the game that with the recent “Batman a Telltale series” some episodes did not come out when they were meant to so beware this may happen again although I’m not saying it will."
76561198314007822,Not Recommended,536220,33862047,Posted: 28 July,all,Mumen Rider,"Just when you thought you ditched all helpless sidecharacters in part 1 and 2, a new bunch of idiots join your group. Jesus, why can't I just shoot them and be on my way surviving - at least give me that choice plox?Me expiriencing the story:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5ZFE_EqaNAKate is either high or sleeping 24/7.The world is a better place without Gabe.A.J. sucks. I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about A.J. ♥♥♥♥ you A.J!This is getting ridiculous. What the ****?!3 half eaten bagels / 10"
,Not Recommended,536220,34317025,Posted: 17 August,all,Shazaam,THANKS FOR THE OPTIMISATIONS YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST
76561198077452586,Not Recommended,536220,28777798,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rathlak,"Ok... as someone who has loved every other game by Telltale that I've played. I can't reccoment this game (or at least the first two episodes) to anyone really. Except MAYBE new players who have not experienced season 1 and 2. This is for a number of reasons.Your ending in season 2 does not matter. Not one bit. There is a 5 minute flashback, after which clem is in a similar circumstance regardless of who was alive/where she was at the end of season 2.Clementine is a completely new character. I played Clem as a moralistic moderator who tried to do the right thing and not steal/threaten etc. And yet, in her introduction in season 3 she sticks a gun to Javi's back and steals from his pack. No matter what Clementine you played, she will be apathetic cold and calculating. I think this season would have been better if they cut clem from in entirely and just told Javiar's story. They could give the Clem in this season a different name, voice, and face, and I'd have no idea it was meant to be her. She is a completely different character.Lastly, the first two episodes are really short. I have only 2 hours in the game and I've played both episodes released so far.That being said, the events so far haven't been bad. And Javi's family is really interesting and well-developed. Unfortunately this isn't enough to warrent a good review in face of all the problems in these two episodes.I will continue to play through the rest of the episodes as they are released and will change this review if there is anything new to say"
76561198117757320,Not Recommended,536220,32205560,Posted: 5 June,all,SpaceX,"The walking dead season 1 is one of my favorite games of all time. Season 2 was also great introducing great new complex characters and a pretty good plot. The new frontier,  whilst at some points very good the new frontier doesn’t offer near the quality offered in the other seasons in the series.  (some spoilers ahead)CharactersThis season offers a new fresh batch of characters since telltale like to continue the tradition of killing off the entire cast of characters at the end of the last 2 seasons. The main characters are Javi an ex baseball player, David Javi’s older brother and (spoiler) one of the leaders of the new frontier, Kate who is David's wife and Javi’s love interest,Mariana and Gabe both of David's kids, Clementine kickass protagonist from season 2 and slightly less badass in season 1, Tripp  basically kenny with no personality, Eleanor- a doctor, and lastly Ava- the badass right hand woman of David. Now I can clearly name off all of the main bunch of characters from season 1 and 2, but for this season I had to google most of them, that's how forgettable they are, the characters do not hold a candle to those of the past. There is a part late in this game where one of the characters that has been with you for a while dies, I felt nothing no emotion because I felt no attachment to them, that is what is wrong with this game the characters are so weak. With that being said there are also a few good characters, Javi, David, Clem and Ava are the only good characters in this game. Javi who you play as throughout the game is pretty charismatic and a charming guy and has a great backstory and a compelling character arc filled with romance, betrayal, forgiveness, Javi is a great character but in my opinion not the best, David by a country mile is the best character in this game. His past always haunts him, his future uncertain, and his present a living hell, he is one of the best characters from any telltale game ever, he is an anti hero throughout the game sometimes the villain sometimes the hero, all he wants is his family back to the way there were, which becomes hard once he realizes that Javi and Kate have been together. He is simply the surprise package of this game. Clem is treated as a side character in this game but the moments you spend with her are great and she is obviously a changed person, she has seen a lot and you get a little bit of where she has been since season 2 but in flashback form. Her character isn’t as fleshed out as fans should hope. And lastly Ava she is just a badass and always has something quirky to say, she had a lot of potential and even though I am putting her on here as one of the best characters she is criminally underused in this game. To make a long story short there are a 4 good characters in this game, but the rest are throwaway and forgettable.Characters: 5/10Gameplay/GraphicsGoing to keep it short and sweet on this one, the graphics are the best of the series and they all look nice and the zombie design is the best the series has ever had, I cannot remember a time where I saw the same zombie twice, that being said there is a lot of laziness when it comes to the design of the characters in the background you will see a minor character die in a cutscene but then in the next scene they will be stood in the background just turned around or far enough away so you can’t really make them out, but I did and it is just ♥♥♥♥ing lazy as♥♥♥♥♥♥design. The gameplay is minimal in this game but is also the best of the series, the point and click elements from the first game are missing almost entirely which is very disappointing, but the quick time events are engaging and fun. Another flaw is that the game is short each episode is barely 90 mins which isn't a bad time but when you compare it to the other walking dead games it should be longer.Gameplay/Graphics: 7/10PlotI will also keep this one short To review the plot I am going to first address how season 2 connects to season one and this is going to get into spoilers soat the end of season 2 when you are rather with kenny or jane this season goes into how life with either of those 2 went and it is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and lazy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ They both are killed in such a stupid way that it just looks lazy on telltales part, when they could've really done so much more with the characters.after all that the plot of this game is also the weakest of the series it has a cool premise but really falls short of what it could've been , the plot feels like many other parts of this game, rushed the episodes are too short to fit a compelling plot into. If the plot had another year to be put together it would have really benefited from it.Plot: 5/10In ConclusionIn the end this game is just so frustrating not in a hard way but in a sense that telltale really dropped the ball, simply bad characters and a boring rushed plot, the game feels rushed and unfinished. I feel the game should've picked up right after season 2 and continued clems story that would've been much more engaging. And I worry about how season 4 if there is one will be.Overall 5.6"
76561198269395244,Not Recommended,536220,33320413,Posted: 6 July,all,The Perfect Bidoof,I only bought this piece of sh*t to be done with the walking dead and also quick time events are the fu**ing cancer of gaming.This game was even easier then the first two seasons and the worst was that i died like 20 times because i didn't know where the cutscene ended and i finally could start playing again recalling i was only actually able to play and walk around for 6 times in the whole game the rest was just sometime giving an answer then quicktime events and after that was just scripted dialogue and the choices dont even matter close to as much as in season 1 and 2.So i would 100% not recommend buying this if you want to know about the story watch a livestream or some videos on youtube.
,Not Recommended,536220,34372321,Posted: 20 August,all,mag0r,"I like the story about the family it tries to tell, but most of the stuff that happens inbetween is just not believable. Also a lot of character choices and dialogues seem very arbitrary or out of place. It doesn't come close to Season 1 or Wolf Among Us."
76561198212847044,Not Recommended,536220,34902733,Posted: 12 September,all,russianpirateking,"I've played the wole series and many of the telltale games and honestly i dont see much difference in the this game's conclusions. Not only that but it just doesn't seem to live up to the previous stories, the dialogue was very clunky and didn't live up to the predicessors. Like in season one and two of the series i felt like i was in the game, danger was real and happening to me this one, swing and a miss, pun intended."
,Not Recommended,536220,32273535,Posted: 8 June,all,MC Ride,"If you´ve played the first two seasons then by all means get this, maybe wait for a discount.However, if you haven´t played the first and second season stay away from this game, it´s easily one of Telltale´s most uninteresting games yet and it get really old really quick, maybe get it if it comes with the first two seasons, but if not it would be best to not get this."
,Not Recommended,536220,32070863,Posted: 30 May,all,Big Benny,"Just another forgetable game, with forgetable characters and a forgetable story."
76561198001109468,Not Recommended,536220,32799978,Posted: 25 June,all,crunk.rex,Save files somehow deleted themselves in Chapter 4 and my supposed cloud saves are nowhere to be found. Not going to bother redoing this.
,Not Recommended,536220,33010859,Posted: 29 June,all,General Error,"Has controls that require 200ms or so response that are not expected to complete the game, while the dialogs are boring and take lots of time to go through. Thigs brings a new category to grinding, the one that tests how you can bear the boredom!"
,Recommended,536220,28505128,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Spyder2103,The game is really good. It feels so good to see Clementine back. The story is good as always giving shocking ending of Episode 2. The things which I don't like is that they don't care about our choices which we made at the end of the Season 2. They wil narrow it down to same choice for everyone. The other downside which I found is that Episodes are really short as compared to Season 1 & 2. It didn't feel as good as Season 1 & 2 till now but the ending they gave in the end of Episode 2 will give boost to the game. But seeing the Clementine back makes me happy and She is as badass as Kenny of Season 2. You will have really good time playing this game.I recommend it.
,Recommended,536220,28542051,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mio Akiyama,"I LOVE IT! IT'S BETTER THAN 2ND SEASON! PLS, DO MORE EPISODES!!"
,Recommended,536220,28516497,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Spooky Protagonist,MAH CLEMENTINE <3
76561198165872337,Recommended,536220,28522651,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ResettiTheMole,bruh.
76561198038500302,Recommended,536220,28524756,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Bastargre,A must have for fans of The Walking Dead
,Recommended,536220,28819143,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Toasty!!!!!,Just when I thought I was never gonna get upset over a game again. It's a good game! You don't play as clem this time which made me a little upset at first but I soon got over it and got sucked into this awesome game! Sadly only 2 episodes are out at the time of this review and I got left off at a pretty intense point but I recommend it 100%
,Not Recommended,536220,28732915,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH,First two episodes were way too short compared to Season 1 and Season 2 episode lengths. Only 3 hours of gameplay for 2 episodes... and I was playing very slowly too
76561198040908754,Not Recommended,536220,32096744,Posted: 31 May,all,PandaGrog,All of the charaters of ♥♥♥♥ing dumb as ♥♥♥♥
76561198007452654,Not Recommended,536220,33741318,Posted: 23 July,all,Vohbo,"Mild spoilersThe third season of the Walking Dead is by far the worst so far.Where in season 1 we built up a relationship with Clementine, which was then rewarded in season 2 by letting us play her, in season 3, all agency is removed. Our new main character is obviously sidelined in his own story because of Clementines presence, but at the same time we don't get to make any real choices for her.Now, all choices are simply illusions, and this is even more obvious in this installment than in previous ones.The good:- The story is still reasonably solid on its own.The bad:- We want to play Clembo and bask in her awesomeness. She walks the shortest path and is destined to rule over a new empire of mankind. Not only is she everything that makes someone an Avenger, but she is probably the child of Jon Snow and Daenerys Targaryen. Not letting us play as here is just infuriating.- Gameplay is as bad as ever. I'm not expecting Dark Souls or anything, but at least this should be a game.- Everything is on rails. The illusion of choice is much weaker here than ever before. There are some outcomes that are different, but simply following through on what seems reasonable is often just not an option. This game is as far from open world/sandbox as is possible.- Short episodes."
,Not Recommended,536220,32185576,Posted: 4 June,all,TheFatPacMan,If only all the episodes were as good as the last.
,Recommended,536220,28497449,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Anderson,"It is awesome like the other TWD games I like how the games change style like in Season 1 you play as Lee and take care of Clementine , in Season 2 you play as Clementine and here Clementine is your companion and in some kind of way she takes care of you. My only complaint apart from the S2 Final choices which I think they are fine they could've do it better yeah but atleast it's there.But my main complain about it is that I can barely start it and when I can start it I can only play with 20 FPS if I take the resolution down to 800x600 and low or medium graphics than I kinda able to play it properly. But that's isn't acceptable imho. Wish there would be a neutral vote. I had to change it from negative to positive because the game itself is amazing if you're able to start it and get to the main menu in the first place"
,Recommended,536220,28497582,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jeff Tutorials,"An absolute work of art. Heavy story, amazing choices and mood swings like no other game. TellTale never let me down before, this game is without a doubt worth the price tag. HIGHLY recommend"
76561198044741757,Recommended,536220,28652999,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mitty51,"~SPOILERS~Such a good game I am so happy with this, only wish the episodes came out sooner as I cannot wait to see what happens with the new frontier group :) This game has kept me very surprised and emotional along the way, super excited for more episodes x"
,Recommended,536220,28687148,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Daystar,"I'm enjoying what I've seen so far, however It took me roughly 2 and a half hours to finish 2 episodes... that kind of makes me sad to think of the other episodes being just as short. Otherwise an enjoyable game. I've enjoyed seeing Clem again as well and don't much mind not playing as her."
76561198335514648,Recommended,536220,28520738,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,angelwhittaker521,Amazing game I love every walking dead season.. and this one by is the best so far
,Recommended,536220,28499724,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ed Pineapple,"TL;DR:The Walking Dead: A New Frontier is an incredible game that new and old fans alike can appreciate, despite minor performance issues, short playtime and a few cases of subpar writing.Pros:-Clementine.-The new main character Javier has a believable backstory and relationships. A good starting point for players new to the series. Most ""veteran"" players were a bit hesitant at first to accept him as the new playable character but I found him to be an enjoyable protagonist.-Pretty solid story so far along with a couple of unexpected plot twists.-The rest of the new cast is good.Bit sad to see Mariana go so soon as she was the new character I found to be the most enjoyable of the lot, meanwhile we're stuck with the moody teenager and the relatively uninteresting stepmom. Tripp and Jesus are cool though which makes up for it.-Did I mention Clementine?Cons:-Very short compared to previous games. Approximately just under an hour and a half of playtime for each episode. ""The Ties That Bind"" was originally one episode split into two due to its length, but it felt too short. One episode of Season 1 was pretty much the length of both episodes combined anyway. Here's to hoping that the rest of the episodes are longer.-Disappointing resolutions to Season 2 endings. I understand that the previous season characters had to die eventually to prevent complications in writing, but the flashbacks (aside from the Clem solo and maybe the Wellington flashbacks, which were not bad at all) were pretty poorly written in my opinion.Jane's suicidewas alright butKenny's car accidentdid no justice to his character.-A few cases of stuttering and lag. One case where the screen froze for a few seconds. Might just be a problem on my end, someone with a better PC probably won't have these issues.Overall:Ignore all the negativity surrounding the game right now, especially the subreddit. Steer clear of it. This game is awesome, definitely worth the buy if you're a fan of the series (and even if you're not). Really excited to see what comes next this season."
76561198143721730,Not Recommended,536220,31512067,Posted: 2 May,all,Snifdoc,I love the first 2 seasons of TWD but this one seems a little bit not like Telltale game :(
,Recommended,536220,28500704,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,beTa | pvpro.com,"**********SPOILER ALERT***********You will definitely want to get this game as it is VERY story-driven based on the past two games and the reveal of each and every character is built very well. Of course, I as well as many others had trouble getting this game to launch initially, but with a couple hours of tinkering, I was able to launch and play the game. I have uploaded videos to YouTube of my choices and the way I played the game. (if you care)First off, the new graphics engine Telltale used here is fantastic, these visuals are nothing overkill, but definitely nice to look at as you play the game, the defition and textures on the facial area, as well as clothing and flora is amazing and really brings out the comic-book look feel.Of course, I don't really want to spoil anything too major, but let's just say the first episode is quite a hectic one. Now, I haven't played the second episode but I bet it will be amazing, I will be updating this review as soon as I complete each and every episode and give a /10 rating on them and give some thoughts, right now, these are what the statistics look like.Episode 1 - 9/10Episode 2 - 8/10--Now although Episode 2 introduced a new character to us, Jesus, it seems like we need 1 or 2 more episodes to really even see what he'll turn out to be. As for the biggest choice of the episode, shoot Conrad and watch Clem leave you, or accept Conrad's plan and turn her in to the New Frontier, either, it ends off with you seeing David as the leader of the New Frontier. I can already tell what's going to happen, Javi is going to join the New Frontier and David is going to  be stressed because his men killed his daughter and severely wounded his wife, a huge WTF moment to him, and you'll have to some scouting or something for David. Anyways, the Episode didn't explain much, but was a good introduction for later to come.Episode 3 - N/AEpisode 4 - N/AEpisode 5 - N/ASeason 3 - N/ARecommended for anybody who enjoyed the last two seasons, as if you are unfamiliar with them, the story might not make much sense to you."
76561198216197065,Not Recommended,536220,31382470,Posted: 26 April,all,retko,"I actually am personally enjoying the story and choices in this season so far (up to Episode 4). However I have twice now gotten save bugs wherein my choices are not carried over from episode to episode, forcing me to restart. More specifically, my Episode 2 choices have been randomized for no apparent reason. I found out when a dead character showed up out of the blue in Episode 4.Your choices are the most important feature this series has going for it, it should be priority number 1 of TellTale to ensure that your choices are never lost and that they carry over to new episodes. I know quite a few people that have had and are having this problem, and that this has been a problem since Season 1 and occurs in other TellTale games. I really like this series but I can't give TellTale a pass on this. Do not buy this game.On top of that, there are lots of minor bugs, such as music completely cutting out, flashing textures, characters walking through eachother, etc."
76561198068936383,Not Recommended,536220,31466044,Posted: 30 April,all,Black Phillip,"I am now at the fourth episode and am still wondering why the hell they named this ""The walking dead"". You barely play as Clementine. If they wanted to create something new, fine, but don't put Clementine in there if we almost never play with her. The episodes are getting shorter and uninteresting. In my opinion this game is disappointing."
76561198108477771,Not Recommended,536220,31738277,Posted: 13 May,all,我就蹭蹭不进去,中文机翻我就恶心的不说了 第二章被我杀了的康拉德怎么给我在第四章又复活了 还跟我一起行动了 说好的继承选择呢？
,Not Recommended,536220,32221939,Posted: 6 June,all,Pepe Silvia,"I never thought I'd ragequit a Tell Tale gameBut here I amI mean, sometimes the dialogue choices are the exact opposite of what the character is going to say"
,Recommended,536220,33723570,Posted: 22 July,all,MachoBrizzin,"I personally really enjoyed this game. In fact, there wasn't a moment of it that didn't keep me interested. I understand when people say it's not like Seasons 1 & 2, but that doesn't make it bad. The characters are very likeable, the choices often change the outcome of the game (at least they did for me), and there are some pretty cool endings you can get. However, it is a bit shorter than the previous two seasons, and for that, it'd probably be best for you to wait until its cheaper.Overall, I enjoyed it very much. I recommend it to anyone who has played the first two seasons, especially if this is on sale.Can't wait for Season 4 (the Final Season!)."
,Recommended,536220,31389562,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr. Jefferson,Not as good as first two seasons but it's alright. Really like the direction after episode 4 so far.
76561198071553583,Not Recommended,536220,31470465,Posted: 30 April,all,Lil Cream Pie,"I personally like most of the characters in this season and i feel like they have a good thing going even though some might disagree but the way they handle the choices in this game is SO BAD like for example:in episode 2 of this season you have the choice to kill a certain character but the thing is, even if you do this the character appears out of nowhere in episode 4 and acts like nothing happened. like did they even play their own game??I like the game and im looking forward to episode 5 but until they fix this and the other issues this season has, like the lack of actual gameplay this season has i cant recommend it.i bought it because season 1 and 2 are some of my alltime favourite games but in its current state i simply cannot recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,536220,32112304,Posted: 1 June,all,OnThePlate,"It may be not as great as the first 2 seasons (which i only watched on Youtube though), but it's still a good game. The first episodes weren't really top quality (especially Episode 2), but since Episode 3 came out, i felt that the game is just getting better and the final episode was really nice. Although i don't like what they did to the characters from the previous seasons, i think Clementines role in this game was quite good. The only thing i don't like that it's shorter than the previous TWD games (not including Michonne ofc), but i guess Telltale wanted to show the story with less interactions with the world (so bascially walking and finding something like in Season 1, not just looking as the story carries on). I enjoyed playing as Javier and i think that the Garcia family story was played nice and intense. Definitely waiting for the DLC and Season 4!"
,Not Recommended,536220,32176789,Posted: 4 June,all,stimulated Dradow,"Contrary to most people I liked the story (at least in episode 1 & 2).The reason why I don't recommend buying it is simply because TellTale's cloud saving is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Even though I had a verified account and always had made sure I was connected to the internet and had cloud saving enabled they couldn't bring my progress from Season 1 and 2 to New Frontier. So I had to recreate everything from memory.I enabled cloud saving again, logged into my account and started playing. After finishing the first two episodes of New Frontier I went to bed, only to discover the next day that their cloud was even more broken than I expected - some cloud sync error occured and I had to choose between ""use local save file or cloud file"". The other would be automatically overwritten. So I backed up my local file (from the documents folder) and pressed the use cloud file button. The cloud file was basically completely empty. Alright, glad I backed up my local saves, right?When I put my local file back after closing the game, I started it again and the same error was up again (obviously), so I selected use local files. And guess what, everything was still gone. So basically now I can play through everything (episode 1 and 2) again. And unless I play everything in one sitting, 1 - 5, I'm basically ♥♥♥♥ed because no matter what I do my files just won't save for whatever reason."
76561198066769508,Not Recommended,536220,32155841,Posted: 3 June,all,MartynPolska,"This season was so bad. Dialogue was bad , characters are boring (except Jesus ofc)I didn't feel emotionally attached to characters. Too much llusion of the choices , story was boring etc. etc.You ♥♥♥♥ed this up TelltaleYOU KILLED KENNYWHYWHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYI never forget you my mustache man..."
,Recommended,536220,28639817,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dyobolik,STORY HAS A LOT OF PLOT TWISTIMPOVED GRAPHICSOPTIMIZED WELL
,Recommended,536220,28514422,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,zose,"I have to be honest, this is way better than what I expected. Episode 2 has me at the end of me seat wanting ep 3 right NOW."
,Not Recommended,536220,31438296,Posted: 29 April,all,Mr_Kristian3610,"My game files got corrupted, tried to fix them it didn't work so I re-installed the game, (I had put all my save files on Tell Tales cloud) but when I went to start the game where I'd left off it said there were no files, I contacted Tell Tales support and they said that they had been ""deleted and the reason is unknown"" and the story is so poor I can't be bothered to play the 3 episodes again to get on episode 4. and the game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway, don't buy it."
76561198013365383,Not Recommended,536220,33922774,Posted: 31 July,all,Cainson,"So I have problems with the story, I think most people in this section has covered it but my main problem was Clementine and Javi's relationship.  as a fan of all the walking dead videogames Clementine is a character I've become very fond of.  working with her/protecting her in the first game and playing as her in the second mean she is the character I'm most attached to.  Javi has none of this history with her, so her actions during the first meeting would be percieved as violent, wreckless, and selfish, which they are but as someone with a long history with that Clem I empathize.  Javi has no reason to trust her and no loyalty to her so whenever I was presented with a choice between her and the wellbeing of Javi/Javi's family I had this weird disconnect.  as Javi I should be picking my family every time but as the player I want to side with Clem.  Thats not the kind of moral conundrum that should be presented to the players, it feels kinda lazy and a bit too meta.The unfortunate thing is that I felt like this was a big missed opportunity, having Javi focus on keeping his family safe and acting as a potential mirror of Kenny's descent into darkness with Clem being the moderating force warning him about the road he was going down.The dialogue in general felt railroaded, I know most of the game is scripted but even the illusion of agency was missing throughout a lot of this.This game has a bunch of technical problems, often i would see Muertos or characters slide across the screen then back to their original positions.Also I had a persistent problem where Javi's backpack would stretch to infinity or instances where there were noticable black lines going through the scene.I enjoyed this game and was so happy to see Clem but held up along side Telltales other games, this falls woefully below their standards of quality and storytelling.Edit:My time is at 70 something hours, its closer to 35-40, i left the game running once when i left home for a weekend and the game kept running till my comp shut itself down."
,Not Recommended,536220,34429972,Posted: 22 August,all,Tolp Romra,It goes through the motions without actually providing anything.  It's mediocre at best and overpriced shovelware at worst.
,Recommended,536220,28666679,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,a Pair of Socks,WHERE IS THE THIRD EPISOOOOOODE D:<
76561198188974609,Not Recommended,536220,28736809,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zazi Wunderwaffe,"Incredibly dissapointing, coming from somebody who watched a playthrough of the first two games and then bought and played through them again. I am in love with the first two games and thats why I have to say that any and all decisions you made in those games are incredibly irrelevant. ""Choices matter"" couldn't be further from the truth. I don't know why, but it seems to me that Telltale games has tried to wipe the slate clean and start fresh. Shoving the player to care about new charcters and new experiences, while simultaneously killing off any remaining characters you cared for in season 2."
,Not Recommended,536220,31471790,Posted: 30 April,all,Sneazy,"The pride of the game of being your choices mattering the most isn't true, whatever you choose the end result is gonna be the same(only some characters will hate you)."
,Not Recommended,536220,32072160,Posted: 30 May,all,TheRadDadWhoDabs,Ok the train wreck of a game is over now. So please do GoT
,Recommended,536220,28510072,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Batman,"Before you start reading ..... SPOILER ALERT !!!!!Was worth waiting for , I have waited for this for such a long time and it payed off nicely , looking foward to see more of it. Great job TelltaleIf you dont own TWD season 1 and 2 , don't worry , you can make your story at the start of a game or if you do your story fro two before will continueMy Opinon and spoilersI tought Telltale would ruin this by confirming you will play as Javi and I tought he would a bad character , I have never been so wrong in my whole life. He is a really likeable character and funny if situation isn't serious , even when situation is serious he still jokes here and there. When Kate got shoot they had to rush her to Richmond cause they have stuff that they need and he still jokes with her here and there knowing she might not make it. Other character like Tripp ,Elvanor and others are also likeable even the bad guys ain't that bad some of them are reasonable and wanna talk things trought instead of starting a conflict. Telltale gave us 2 episodes to start with this time and the Jesus came , one of my top favorite characters in whole TWD franchise and I know he might not stick with us for ever but I stll hope he sticks with us for some time. The ending of episode 2 left me speachless , like i didn't know what to think and can't wait for episode 2 The way they made showing Clems and Javi backstory is trought flashbacks which is well done actually I am kinda impressedat first i tought how will they show Clems backstory its been few years since events of season 2 happen but they nailed it like Jeffrey Dean Morgan nailed Negan in The Walking Dead TV Series.Overall buy this it was wortht he wait as i said before."
,Recommended,536220,28727677,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bobo,"Love's this game already, good story and good characters. Like the other seasonsRate:5/5"
,Recommended,536220,32238003,Posted: 7 June,all,KevieJS,I like it a lot but i would wait for it to go on sale as its about 1 hour a episode and for the price that is not worth it.
76561198047814884,Not Recommended,536220,32834818,Posted: 26 June,all,Sangria,"It is such a damn shame that I pressed the ""no"" button for recommendations. I loved the series, and I love clementine. I really do. I even love the new cast they added in the series, especially Javie. However I am just so damn♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that all of my progress from the previous games + the new episodes i literally just played, keep getting erased. It does not recognize any progress I've done. This has happened to me three times, every time a new episode was available. So it's like every time I'm ready to progress the story, it just wipes everything away. Example:If I played episodes 1-3, and episode 4 came out. I would have to replay episode 1-3 just to play episode 4 because it doesn't recognize that I played those episodes prior to episode 4. It makes the game such a chore.My recommendation is pretty much a no based on that. It's damn annoying and until they fix this glitch, bug, whatever, I can't recommend it and I suggest you don't waste your money unless you really enjoy replaying things for fun."
,Not Recommended,536220,32935075,Posted: 28 June,all,The Violator,"Never written a review on steam before but I had to for this.'I was enjoying it, played it non stop on my day off. Started episode 5, game crashed and I lost my save.Shame, was really enjoying it too, more than season 2.Won't be buying season 4 if its like this"
,Recommended,536220,33173930,Posted: 3 July,all,CannedBread,"This is gonna be kinda long, skip to the bottom if you want the short version, or read the other paragraphs for a more specific analysis.I greatly appreciate that Tellatale kept this going for us, truly. This is one of my favorite series' that I've ever played through. These games have a certain way of making you connect with characters that is almost unrivaled in gaming. That being said, The first season and second season outshine this one.While Javi was a somewhat interesting character, I found him a bit shallow and I never really cared about him. I think day-one fans of this series can agree that he took a back seat in terms of interest. I also believe I can speak for most of the fans when I say that: ""We want more Clementine!!"" Telltale has made us all care about her character, and so it doesn't feel quite as impactful with her just in the background for most of the story. Again, Javi was semi-interesting, but I believe Telltale should do a 180 when it comes to storytelling.Maybe involve some other characters from past seasons in the next, focus it more on Clem, and PLEASE give us some harder choices. The fact that many of the choices have overwhelmingly the same choice by players shows a level of storytelling that is below past seasons, where you felt like EACH choice mattered. Maybe it's because they are focusing on creating so many other new games, but, on the off chance that anyone from Telltale or anyone involved in creation reads this, PLEASE take your time. This story has sentimental value that, I guarantee, your other games do not at this point. Lastly, I believe it would help to bring back some of the old writers, such as Sean Vanaman, Gary Whitta, and Mark Darin, at least for consultation purposes if possible. Slim chance, but they were largely responsible for making this story what it was, and would possibly help in re-kindling that addictive and award-deserving spark that season 1 had.Ultimately, if you're a fan of the series, I'd say give this one a go for sure, to continue your individual story from the other seasons, and to segway you into the next, and possibly the last. Solid job, Telltale, but not great like in the past. #MakeTWDGreatAgain."
,Recommended,536220,33455035,Posted: 11 July,all,ProjectSlim,"I enjoyed the game, okay story, improved graphics, some likeable characters (no where near Lee standard though).. But I'm a telltale/walking dead fanboy, so I was always going to like the game regardless.What I didn't like - The choices that are made don't really have any kind of impact on the story, the dialogue choices can be inconsistant with what the character actually says, and the game can be buggy at times - Crashed a few times in episode 3 and 4 which was a bit irritating. Also, the characters seem to suffer from bi-polar disorder.. One minute you are their hero, the next you are their worst enemy.. As with most other aspects of the game, inconsistant.No where near as good as the first two seasons, but I would still recommend picking this up when it's on sale if you are a fan of the series or Telltale games in general.6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,32571476,Posted: 19 June,all,Steak Boy,"I didn't believe it was possible for the ""Choices don't matter"" thing to get worse, but it did. Exponentially so.Also every character except Clem is garbage."
76561198062246811,Recommended,536220,33182896,Posted: 3 July,all,💎KABAN💎,"Despite all the nagative comments that scared me off at first I really enjoyed the game!I was a fan since season 1 and I love the entire story in this game series.TWD: A New Fronier was a good experience in the TWD universe.Yes, it is quite short but the game still delivers emotions during intense moments where you have to make a desicion between life or death. I strongly recomend this game for everyone who played previous seasons! And I'm looking forward for Clam to be back as a playble character in the next season."
76561198142831476,Recommended,536220,33449941,Posted: 11 July,all,hewie,"If you love TWD, then you'll probably like this game. It's cool seeing Clem grow up, and we see her mature even more through this season.A few problems I had:-Glitches, ruins the immersion-Characters that don't make sense, going back on things said in previous episodes, etc-Short episodes, which could be due to the lack of exploration.-The options you can pick don't always line up with what is saidthe classic ""tell David off"" which leads to something completely unexpected-Problems with seeingwhich Clem you getat the end of the game. Only one of my save files showed me, the other was missing a whole chunk of what I should be able to see. A lot of people have had this problem apparently."
,Not Recommended,536220,33556262,Posted: 15 July,all,Narhli,"sadly this is the wrost out of the lot i found my choices never mattered as it seems like the story was going to happen regardless of what i said, to me that just wrecked any hope this game had was dissappointing as the first two games were amazing, the only thing that was better about this game is you could skip the credits and they dont do the whole on the next episode."
,Not Recommended,536220,32071648,Posted: 30 May,all,BOBSKI xdddddd123,"gamesuxseriously who actually cares about these characters, they are boring as hell and none of the choices matter anyway"
,Not Recommended,536220,32077804,Posted: 30 May,all,Ragarnol,Graphics improved.Gameplay still same.Story get worse.Devs cant realize that we play this game for story not gameplay.
76561198070762681,Not Recommended,536220,33344212,Posted: 7 July,all,jsampson123,finished the whole game in 7.5 hours.. not even good writing. javi is terrible.. needs tobe a story about clem not these other force un needed characheres
,Not Recommended,536220,33664275,Posted: 19 July,all,Soouuupppp,"I'm not really sure how to feel about this season. Its obvious it wasn't as good as season 1 but that was already something I was expecting. I liked Javi as a character however I didn't really like the whole focus on his family. Mariana was a great character to me but other than her I didn't connect with the rest of the family. David wasn't the greatest guy, I think everyone can agree on that but the problem was that I couldn't see him as a brother. I put aside his behavior to try and reach some connection with him but I couldn't really care for him. I feel like that kind of dimmed my experience a little. The relationship with Kate was very odd. I know the whole point was basically to fall in love with her but that was hard too because Javi and Kate dont really connect enough for me. I think it might just be me since I saw a lot of people choose to profess their love for Kate in the end but I don't know I guess, just wasn't a fan. There were good moments of drama between the brothers and I did also like that Gabe sort of found his way throughout the game. I wasn't a big fan of how they handled some of the deaths in the series. Some of the deaths were handled ok but others were just like ""ok they died saving us, we miss you. alright lets move on"" or some deaths wouldnt even be mentioned, it was all very cut and dry. I get that the survivors don't really have time to grieve in that instant however there were plenty of moments where things were calm enough around them that someone could breakdown and let their grief out. I just think there would have been something new brought to the table if we could have seen a character have a real emotional breakdown from the pain and loss. Don't get me wrong, I did like Gabe's little emotional turmoils whenever he messed up but they didn't really leave much impact. Jesus was a nice character to have around but I feel more could have been said about the group he's part of, ""The Kingdom"". I know of The Kingdom from the comics and I think it would have been really interesting to see more of them in this series. Clementine's character in this season was kind of dissapointing in my opinion. She's more reckless, almost too reckless. I don't think it feels like its Clementine anymore. Not because she isn't a sweet innocent girl anymore but because I feel like her personality and character was lost along the way. In season 1, eventhough she was tiny and young she grew throughout the season and showed a lot of personality and hope. Sure, she helped out Javi's family and richmond but even that took the whole season to convince her. It kind of felt hollow interacting with her, like she doesn't really have the personality traits that made her special in the first place and I think thats an injustice to her and to Lee. Also not a fan of that red leather jacket LMAO"
76561198061457456,Not Recommended,536220,30260865,Posted: 1 March,all,A$AP COCKY,"it crashes, when that havi guy starts running it just crashes. tried everything to fix it, doesnt work. really want my money back."
76561198353409788,Not Recommended,536220,31452671,Posted: 29 April,all,awesomeboy159,i loved the first 2 seasons but this one ficked the story up.
76561198214870569,Recommended,536220,32704962,Posted: 23 June,all,finna kms,"It was a  good game but it very disappointing compared to previous seasons, there are also many weird bugs where a characters dialogue would get randomly cut off but overall good game"
,Recommended,536220,32882165,Posted: 27 June,all,Maximum_thrust,"Another great series in Telltale's Walking Dead series, full of great twists and turns and every bit as good as previous series. Episode 3 did seem to have a lot of graphical glitches which soiled the enjoyment a little, but I would still highly recommend"
,Recommended,536220,33050555,Posted: 30 June,all,Ezekiel,"I enjoyed the game even though it was way shorter than the previous seasons and it lacked the emotional atachment you made with the previous characters, but half way you start to get attached to the new ones (exceptDavid, he is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥annoying).Can't wait for the new season <3"
,Not Recommended,536220,33358467,Posted: 7 July,all,reo_swe,"Unfortunately I have to agree with many other negative reviews. I played through this in 8 hours and you could easily do it quicker. As a reference I spent 20 hours on TWD S1 (replaying some parts) and 11 hours on S2 (less replaying). Even the interludes 400 Days and Michonne are more of a game than this.The game is dumbed down so much it’s hardly a game at all anymore. There are a few moments where you have to stab the Q button or move in the right direction, but it’s not really any challenge at all. The puzzles and interactions with the characters are simple and unengaging. There was much more exploration to do in the previous games, here your options are very limited. Also you get 100% achievements just by playing through the game to the end, again no challenge at all.That said I do like the story and some of the characters, but Telltale could have, and should have, done so much more with this! Ultimately a big disappointment.If you haven’t already, I recommend you try out Life Is Strange instead. It can take a little effort to get into, but it is so much better than Telltale’s recent mediocre efforts."
,Not Recommended,536220,33474167,Posted: 12 July,all,baracuda csgo-dope.com,"(-) We are not able to do so many things when we compare the other series of Walking Dead. I mean walking around and find what to do.(-) First two series take 12-15 hours to finish but this game took 7 hours. Therefore, I think the quality is going down right now.(-) Choices with Clementine are so easy because we all trust her since the other series.(-) And also I really want to feel my choices matter. Some of the choices in this game don't affect the story at all.Even I do not want to give negative reviews, I have to do that for saying developers are doing it wrong."
,Not Recommended,536220,34389523,Posted: 21 August,all,Ultimate Aituar,Telltale had just ruined a brilliant game with this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,536220,33111920,Posted: 1 July,all,CaptCanuck,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, constant stuttering and fps changes, short duration = telltale jumping the shark"
76561198111491917,Not Recommended,536220,33645270,Posted: 18 July,all,themaestro13,"It feels like they had 15 different writers and none of them were speaking to each other.  I'm sure part of this comes back  to the ""choices"" in the game, but in one episode I saw a character go from loving a person, to outright rejecting the person and calling him a monster, to deciding to run off and live with the person with no rationale explanation given for all the abrupt mood shifts.  It's like that for every character you meet in the game.  ""I hate that guy"".  Five seconds later, ""Hey, we're going to be all right.""  Another five seconds, ""That guy is the ♥♥♥♥ing worst.""  I know most of the choices in TT games usually don't matter, but they at least FELT like they mattered.  This game bordered on incoherence.Also TTG, if you're not going to actually have big choices carry over and have significant impact between games, maybe stop calling them seasons and pretending like they do?  I love Clementine as a character, but after this I'm not sure I care about her story any more.  This is your longest running ""series"" right now (everything else is just called ""season 1"") and if this is any indication of how you're going to manage your franchises, I'd say just stop pretending and make them stand-alones.  I'd probably still buy them and maybe you'd have to write a decent ending for once."
,Not Recommended,536220,35225708,Posted: 26 September,all,Ким Чин Ыр,"Это не продолжение истории Клементины, это совсем другая неинтересная, скучная история.После прохождения этой игры, если её можно так назвать, я решил перепройти первые две части. И когда сравнил их с ЭТИМ, то просто стало жалко. Жалко не потому, что мы не узнаем нормальной истории Клем, а потому что TellTale  скатились в компанию для выкачки денег из комьюнити. Они добавили Клементину ради того, что их игру купили как можно больше людей.Хавьер. Просто на♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ на этого персонажа. Единственные нормальные персонажи это Трипп, Мариана, Джесус и Клем."
76561198161613066,Not Recommended,536220,31430438,Posted: 28 April,all,Wolf.45,"this game and story is dumb, a noticable decreese in quality from earlier games. I want my hostage negotiations back!"
,Not Recommended,536220,28921215,Posted: 1 January,all,harleylovesjoker04,"This is just based off the first ""two"" and I use that term lightly as it seems they just took one episode and split it into two parts which seem shorter then normal episodes. I have played many of the TellTale games before and they start of slow in the first episode but eventually catch up. This was however not that case. As a big fan of TWD game alone I was left....dissappointed to say the least. Here is why.1. Did they just give up after season 2 and decided to just make a new game? Other then Clem and one other character I won't metion. This season really has nothing to do with the first two. It is like they hope we would forget. Choices made have no effect on this what so ever! Why would you have us spend time building up this character and puting her through so much just to throw it all away. I feel like the issue is that the end of season 2 was left pretty wide open that they weren't sure what they could do. Honstly this season should have been about what happened to Cleam and the other character who shall not be named, leading up to where this currently takes place.2. New characters and I mean a lot of new characters. So aside from the fact this has nothing to do with the other season they shove a bunch of new characters our way. It is hard to get invested in new characters who you havn't even just stumbled upon in the other seasons. How am I supposed to feel about the choices they make when they barly scratch at their back story or motives?3. Predictable.4. You don't get to play as Clem!!!!"
,Not Recommended,536220,32095566,Posted: 31 May,all,Sasky,Just not nearly as engaging or interesting as the first two seasons. The characters are uninteresting and the story advances even more slowly and pointlessly than usual for a Telltale game. Don't bother even if you loved the first two seasons.
,Not Recommended,536220,28698574,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gristle,"In some scenes, including a very early one, there is an annoying pause that happens every few seconds. This is a story driven, cinematic game, so this constant stuttering is distracting enough to be unplayable. I cannot recommend the game until it gets fixed, and will be refunding if it's not fixed within the week."
,Recommended,536220,28662339,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Caesar Salad,"So far this game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic! Great characters, both new and old. If you're already a fan of this series, get this for sure. If you haven't, I highly reccomend you pick up Season One and start from there."
76561198046826021,Not Recommended,536220,28725791,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Deems,"The game is fine, but the only thing that annoys me is the fact that the 'REWIND' option was removed. Wanna see how it could've played out? Replay the whole episode.I've had a great experience, but until Telltale adds the rewind option in an update i won't recommend it."
,Recommended,536220,28819973,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,wolfffffff,Great game butMariana's death was just too much..
76561198144565358,Recommended,536220,33120102,Posted: 2 July,all,Eichnerinoo,"So I played all other TWD games before and a lot of people started hating the game cuz its too short and u dont play clem that often... My opinion about this is the playtime for one runthrough is about 10 hours... But thats not all u can play it again to see what the decision changes and even if its not that big of a change I will play it again... The thing with Clem is yeah u play her just a few times (3-4) but Clem is always with u, shes ur friend in nearly the whole story... And the story is great its a new good idea with new characters...I have to say I got this excited feeling again which let me recommend this game..."
,Recommended,536220,33923512,Posted: 31 July,all,•SADBOY•,"Well, I liked the First and Second Season more; by alot.. But I'm super happy they made this to follow up and I can't wait to play through the next game. Great Job. ~Clementine is still the very best. ❤"
,Not Recommended,536220,32538346,Posted: 18 June,all,Blueson,The simple fact that a majority of the decisions in the game are based around whether or not you agree with Clem kinda ruins the entire experience
,Not Recommended,536220,31230739,Posted: 18 April,all,Lord Cylarne,"Great game, good story, good character development and great voice acting. But the developers take way too long to make one episode and when it finally releases I'm like ""yes! It's here!"" And I'm like half way through having fun. *CRASH!*Like is this your idea of a game guys? I'm not buying anymore games from you."
,Recommended,536220,33978960,Posted: 2 August,all,Artas,"If you've played the 1st and 2nd season of The Walking Dead, you'll see that it's a step up from the previous ones, in terms of the story, choices and graphics. I really had a hard time picking the correct choice and even then, I made a lot of choices I wasn't happy with. I really enjoyed this game, and would recommend buying it, bought it for 11.49eu in the summer sale and don't regret buying this for the price."
,Not Recommended,536220,35264950,Posted: 28 September,all,IronLeo78,"Worst WD and Telltale game I played yet. I'd give a 3/5 if possible, but this sure does not get my ''go and buy it my friends'' approval."
76561198101114964,Recommended,536220,32888828,Posted: 27 June,all,Zyka,"A nice companion to the first two games, and although you don't play as Clementine, it's something to tide us over as we wait for her story to continue..."
76561198122823165,Not Recommended,536220,31905196,Posted: 22 May,all,Schematic,Game not good i stopped at season 1 and a half because I was bored of the game I left the game for months. The screenshots made it look awsome but my expectations were not as I expected it to be.
,Recommended,536220,33565910,Posted: 15 July,all,Scooby,I highly recommend this series if you are a fan of the comics or the tv show. The series has some of the best story telling in gaming for TWD fans. Season 1 is still my favorite but this season comes in a close second.
76561198007262426,Recommended,536220,32572173,Posted: 19 June,all,angelovanderuit,season 3. its just as good as season 1. loved it. and cried myself to sleep. 9/10
76561198045885024,Not Recommended,536220,31654639,Posted: 9 May,all,Leviathan,"Very short, quite disappointed you couldn't continue playing as clem. :L if you already have the first two played out its not a total waste i suppose choices are alittle less black and white."
76561198007506361,Not Recommended,536220,32751984,Posted: 24 June,all,Lodreus,"This isn't going to be a long review as I don't think I have the strength for a story such as this. Reason why is that you now play through a different main character, even though you still make decisions for Clem. I still very much hate it.I'll straight away and it say. Episode 5 was where it got a bit interesting, near the end. I really felt like my decisions were being made and I was actually making a change. From Episode 1 to 4 I didn't feel that. I felt like I was makig small changes here and there but nothing much of a huge impact.For example:-I tried my best not to have any contact with David, but sadly the game still pushes you to his side to make a change. I disliked David as I knew what kind of person he was, nor was he someone that was worth saving for. Thankfully near the end of the game he finally dies.- I also felt that some of my decisions didn't make a difference, and how I hated that some characters just suddenly go against you or just magically join you, which only one did, which was Ava did. Even though she hardly communicated with us she still joined us. Made no sense.Throughout the whole playthrough my main goal was to keep Clem happy and alive. Give he the best outcome through this cr*ppy story. I even made Kate second priority. Seeing as Javier was no interest to me, I thought it would  be nice to give him and Kate a happy ending, as I wasn't really attached to either of those two. Only Clementine was the one I was attached too. I very much hope we play as Clementine in next game. Not AJ or whoever.Finally. Is the game worth it? Yes at discount price, but definitely not at full price. Btw I hope Telltale Games step up their quality control. This season had few glitches and odd animation movements. Feels like they didn't care."
,Not Recommended,536220,28527681,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,"Thor, Hammer God","I don't hate this game, but it is incredibly disappointing.  Spoilers ahead.Pros:- Javier is pretty cool as is most of the newly introduced characters.- the dynamics of Javier's family is unique and pretty damn engaging.- Clem is a bad♥♥♥♥♥- some surprising momentsCons:- definitely my biggest complaint, Kenny/Jane's deaths. There was no excuse to this. I know it's not Telltale's style to split the story up Mass Effect style, that's why I have never complained about it up until the end of Season Two where they split the story up to have so many different possible outcomes. They chose that, so I thought they'd put the extra work in and make a dynamic experience but instead they give 5 minute meaningless cutscenes to explain why they are dead.- runs only a hair smoother than the Batman Telltale game.- I'm personally not big on the graphics.- glitches are way too common.- certain elements of the story make little to no sense, everyone just trusts and follows Javi; including the previous leader of the town who originally is critical of Javi and Clem. You can't point out to Conrad that the New Frontiersmen killed his wife even after you offered yourself up as a counter to his proposal to sell Clem out."
76561198122016227,Not Recommended,536220,28655339,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ryousanko,"THIS REVIEW CONTAIN SPOILERSIn order to properly covey my opinion I will need to clarify a few thingsI hold something of an Impopular opinion because I truly dislike Ellie`s Character in the Last of Us, I simply cannot stand that breed of characters composed by annoying post-apocalyptic brats who think they always know better and are ridicu skilled at anything related to survival and whose whole story arc revolves around their guardians/companions come to respect their skill and eventually formed a bond with them and are often spared from mistakes that kill adults by the dozenWith Clementine I thought I had fpund an exception to this rule: she was capable but not the point of being self-suficient and still required a lot help and saving, because it made sense and this sense of fragility of her being a little girl nand children being the hope for the future, actually gave us a reason to care about her: We cared for well being , not only for her survival, but to the give her the tools to make the right choices in life and have hope for the future(at leats in my case)But thats over, the Clem we all wanted to protect in Season1  is long gone now, and whats replaced her isn`t even any worse: Its just plain dull. And that pains meNow, with that out of the way let`s talk about the GameThe game revolves around Javier( aka Javi), a hispanic baseball player, who seem to ahve rocky relantionship with her family , specially her brother, due to not make it time to bid farewell to his dying father. However we really get to care much about the whoel family drama because the world ends a few scenes later and the family splits, leaving  him in charge of a group consisting of his Sister-in-law , his nephew and his niece.Their dynamic is nice, and they seem solid enough as characters but , as spected, things go FUBAR  and they must split and fight their way back together. I choose to roleplay Javier as a Kenny-like family guy (Kenny being my favorite character of the past seasons) quite ruthless in protecting his family but not completly lost yet and soon was engaged with another Carver-like group known as ""The New Frontier"" who captured Javier , who is accused of stealing fuel and supplies from themThat attempt is short lived however, as Clementine , now having become the Angry Loner Survavalist Number #97,  rescue us and this when the first warnings began to appear: I was well aware that TTG make anything and everything we choose largely irrelevant  but  when it comes to Clementine, a character that was supposed to be the result of the choice we made this feels like a cheap retcon. She has literally transformed into Molly 2.0 (absurdly skilled, makes deals with shady characters, survives alones and allied herself with a Raider group) From this point onward Clementine loses all characteizacion on her own and blends into that mishmash of dully colored characters that live in the sticks which are so prolific in the Walking DeadAny and all emotional investmen I had in her vanished after I saw what they turned her into and I had no real qualms in betraying her. But this finally made apparent the problems that infect this series of games: The utter irrelevance of choice has been made manifest, its doesnt if we encouraged Clem to be  a team player, it doesn`t matter if we actually made her reject the ways of the people  she allied with . Nothing matters. In the end we will be stuck with the same clone of Molly: Whether you tried to play nice or mean, the result would be sameAnd for the reason alone I cannot truly recommend this game: variation is minimal even with greater number of changes  is required and this unnaceptable in a game where, allegedly, choices do matter.I will update after the following chapters are released, who knows? Maybe I will end up recommeding this game. But if things are to stay in this way...I truly hope Clem`s luck runs out in this season"
,Not Recommended,536220,28570557,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,blue footed tit,"I can only recommend this game to players who loved seasons 1 and 2 and for those who are willing to dish out $24.99 - While I feel this was worth my money, I felt in hindsight somewhat unsatisfied over the 2 1/2 hours of TWO combined episodes (parts). This really doesnt feel much like a season 3 for Telltale's walking dead series. Maybe that's why it doesnt say season 3...anywho... to the gameplay.  Gameplay is impressive in my opinion; builds on what Telltale's batman series started. Oh and does anyone have batman? Becauase if so/not, Telltale loves to advertise the darn game at the END of the episode as we so despirately wait for a ""next time . . ."" sneak-peak (which we dont get). This fact doesn't necessarily takeaway from the gameplay - it's just there...and its annoying.  But I'm an adult and I can look past said nuisance and sit back and enjoy the ""story rich"" game while my ""choices"" affect the game.  Except my choices, while only somewhat in-depth - I feel only slightly alter the story.In order to expand on that though and to dive into what I initial said in this review.  I feel as though there is only a couple of forced entries into this ""third season"" of what season two and one had to offer.  And (for example) when one of those story-altering events passes by and I make a decision (in this game - much like the rest).   I find myself irrate as to what the game ACTUALLY does that is not what I (who telltale supposedly gives the story direction to) wanted to do. There have been other reviews that have pointed this out and I wont go too much further into this.In an effort to keep my thoughts concise... I'd have to say just give this game a try IF you just have to and expect the usual crap from Telltale. Except, expect it to hurt a little more considering how beloved this series is.Given the super smooth gameplay - I'm hoping the further episodes will be much more enjoyable...and longer for that matter."
,Not Recommended,536220,32196721,Posted: 5 June,all,aH haaa HAAAAAA HA,Only one reason why I have more than 5 hours in this game: I fell asleep from how slow and dull the story has become.Other than that game is pure trash avoid it like a black dude or something just don't waste your money
76561198026818819,Not Recommended,536220,31244126,Posted: 19 April,all,GeneralGorilla,"I cant reccomend this game, i played it and i did enjoy the story line. But its supposed to be a game where choices matter, i mean season one of the walking dead. Each episode, your choices changed the outcome of characters treated you and the direction of the story itself. Season 2 somewhat had that too. It started to change with game of thrones, most of your choices in that game barely mattered, with the expection of only a few. This game made it worse, the story arc stays exactly the same through two episodes. No matter what you do, for example the choices  made in the last game don' t matter. It matters for a few minutes, outside of that the storyline was just lazy and generic. Don't get me wrong its a good storyline, but we paid for this game to give us choices. Not an interactive TV show, sorry but that is the truth."
76561198121967341,Not Recommended,536220,32173595,Posted: 4 June,all,oOkami,"Blackscreen after deach, checkpoints save missing. Leave this note here, before the 4th time been forced to start at the beginning of E3."
76561198290189213,Not Recommended,536220,32069539,Posted: 30 May,all,William_Glozz,Shameful Telltale... Shameful... :(
,Recommended,536220,28494057,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,«Beany»,Clemmmmm!! <3
,Not Recommended,536220,34222857,Posted: 13 August,all,Richard Nixon,"Ennnnnhh....Full of characters you don't really care about and poor writing, this game is an unwelcome sidestep in Clementine's story."
,Recommended,536220,32130614,Posted: 2 June,all,Knalraap,"Opinions seem to be divided on this season, so keep in my mind that my review is simply my opinion.Telltale's The Walking Dead is honestly one of my favorite stories in gaming, how much emotions the first two seasons have squeezed out of me is something I'd never have expected a game to do.I'll admit this season didn't grip me emotionally as much, at least not in the start, the latter episodes of this season are definitely the strongest.Some dislike it, some don't, but you don't play as Clemetine (she is part of your group though), but rather as a new character, it takes some time for this new cast of characters to grow on you, but at least for me by the end I really cared to keep them safe, and I also cared greatly how they interacted with Clem.Caring for your Clem through this new character is definitely the season's strongest point, it gives of some Lee vibes from time to time but it mostly shows just how much Clementine has grown, sometimes even being more fit to handle a situation than the adults she is with, a contrast made even more clear by the other young character who is with you.This makes the moments where Clem shows that she still is a child all the more gripping, at least to me, a lot of this season relies on your emotional attachment to Clem, which is done well in my opinion.You still have to make some tough choices, none were as gut-wrenching as some of the choices you had to make in season 1 and 2, but they still kept me engaged, and luckily your choices do matter in the end.This season was sort of marketed as a good entry point for newcomers to the series.. I'm not so sure, I would heavily reccomend you go play season one, which is so good and excure my language f*cking powerful that you'll end up here anyways, believe me.I reccomend this season if you've played the other two, but not as a starting point, at least not while knowing how gripping the start of this series is."
,Not Recommended,536220,32912711,Posted: 27 June,all,๖ۣۜGSF❧ KENNY,Bad
,Not Recommended,536220,31369137,Posted: 25 April,all,Ziggylata,"My favorite part about episode 4 is when everyone forgets to have a brain and rolls with the drama for no reason other than to see it happen.I had to write it like that to avoid spoilers.Point is, its pretty garbage at this point. Telltale is practically where they started, id say about the Jurrassic Park game era. Their games arent very good and the only thing that saved The Walking Dead in the beginning was the very good writing and very nice character development, it also wasnt a sequel, it was a one and done at that point.I cant reccomend anyone play this, just watch your favorite youtuber play it and dont give telltale any more money.As a closing point, look at a game like Until Dawn which managed to have actual choice results and consequences."
,Not Recommended,536220,33723505,Posted: 22 July,all,[Twitch] PKlempe,"As a lot people mentioned before, this isn't a bad game. It's just not a good continuation of the franchise.The first two seasons had a lot of emotions, good dialogues and most important likeable characters you really cared about! I've played all of the five episodes and everytime when someone died I was like ""Meh, guess he/she is dead now..."" (except maybefor Marianas death). Not even the characters themselve seem to really care when someone dies (best example for that would be Avas death which was pathetic). They're mourning like for a minute or two and that's it. They just continue as if nothing has ever happend.There just wasn't this sort of connection I've had with a lot of the characters from the seasons before where I was literally drepressed and/or sad after they've died. The only character I really cared about was Clementine and she wasn't even the main protagonist in this game!The next point which really annoys me are the dialogues.Too often I choosed a dialogue option where I thought to myself ""Yeah that could work"" and then, in my opinion at least, the main character Javier says something completely different to what you would expect when selecting this specific answer. Several times I had to replay scenes because the then following outcome was just unforeseeable.The writing in general just can't keep up with the older games.The third point is about the gameplay.More action scenes with quick time events, less areas to explore and where you can talk to people. I think that sums it up and explains a bit why I didn't really care about the characters. There just wasn't the possibility to get to know them better like in the first two seasons. If they had implemented more of that, the episodes in this season wouldn't be so short!I also want to mention that sometimes during cutscenes some of the characters start twitching around and that the animations when you interact with things aren't always on point. Like when you want to look at a wall and Javier walks directly in front of it, stops, and suddenly when the cutscene starts he walks towards it again, even though he is already there.My last point is about the graphics.You can immediately see that there's now a lot more detail. But what's also new is this glossy look all the characters have. They now look more realistic and less like they are out of a comic book but I have to say that during scenes at day they look like they've bathed in baby oil.Oh and the game crashed for me around 5-6 times while I played it.I really hope that Telltale Games learns from their mistakes and that they make the next season as good as the old ones because a character like Clementine deserves better."
76561198319721413,Not Recommended,536220,30149454,Posted: 24 February,all,Hitler flashyraffles.com,I cannot tell what is shorter. This game's dignity or my weiner?
76561198125811599,Not Recommended,536220,30391103,Posted: 8 March,all,A APPLE DOESNT EAT APPLE,"想嫁给这季的 clememtine ，渣机翻还不如不翻。I wanna marry to clememtine...she is so freaking cool.but did you guys translated chinese via google webpage? its horrible,full of incorrect,mislead shint.I love the game from this company, and own almost everyone of them.still, you guys should have some respect.i will put this review on red , hope the developer could see this .not only for my fav series TWD, also aother telltale game are equip with googlelike translation.who are you paying right now for the chinese laguage localization?ask you money back, if you are doing this by youself,fire youself."
76561198106208004,Not Recommended,536220,30278637,Posted: 2 March,all,ivanmeza56,they take to long to release the new episodes and i dont want to play as this new guy i want to play as the girl this game play is not like the old ones...for me i dont like it..
,Recommended,536220,28545621,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,=Dynasty=,"i would wait for a sale and or the complete series to be released. I am liking the direction kinda????? but like everyone has stated, we got episode 1 part one, and episode 1 part 2. But hey its still TWD. I will have to say though i love your games, but dont get cheap with us, we are  playing these game because we LIKE THE STORY!!!!! dont water it down, and def dont make it NOT matter what i did in the other 2 seasons.  As well as make it accessible to ppl that havent played the other 2 seasons, or atleast offer different paths for ppl with saves from 1 and 2? i am giving this a thumbs up but it should be between. I guess, i have always held ya'll to a high standard, i hope u dont take the easy road and just cash in!!!!will adjust this review when needed, and hopefully the redeem  it!ps, game looks great, even though i wouldnt minded if they kept it the same graphics from the other games, or kept the length and story from the first 2 and charged more money. either way"
,Recommended,536220,31793439,Posted: 16 May,all,Jess,"Such an amazing game, a good third game in The walking dead telltale series. Some of the options can be a bit annoying when they don't make a difference in the future when they should, but overall it's really good.Definitely worth your money :)"
,Not Recommended,536220,30800521,Posted: 28 March,all,Turtle,"SPOILER WARNINGI did everything I could to keep kenny alive as long as possible right from season 1. Then they make a choice at end of season 2 to still keep him alive. Then what does telltale do? ''Oh lets just kill off this very important character that has been a huge part of the story since season 1 in the first hour of season 3'', in a damn car accident and even that was ridiculous since they were driving really slowly in the crash, what the ♥♥♥♥ telltale??''"
,Not Recommended,536220,30719891,Posted: 24 March,all,✪ Delta,refunded. game freezes on full screen
,Not Recommended,536220,33773853,Posted: 24 July,all,Danny the Barbarian,"I mean, the games OK. it's not terrible or anything. It just doesn't do what a telltale walking dead game should do. It doesn't make me cry at the end of it. I barely got my throat dry. seriously, if you're going to get a telltale game, get the walking dead season 1 or season 2.NOTE: Season 1 is superior to pretty much every other telltale game."
,Not Recommended,536220,30729417,Posted: 25 March,all,Yuuki Rito,too long for new episode and episode 1-2 is too short really not worth buy it full price
,Recommended,536220,30162188,Posted: 25 February,all,Amazing Porpoise,"After reading all the negative reviews at the top of the helpful section, I went into the game with lowered expectations.While I don't deny that some of the critisms are very valid, most of them are blown completely out of proportion. Calling this a ""Franchise ruinner"" is just plain silly, as it fits right in with the other games in both tone and atmosphere. The wrtiting may not be the strongest in the series, but its far from bad."
76561198119306990,Not Recommended,536220,29225726,Posted: 13 January,all,FoxDie,"Pour moi ce jeu était LE jeu de cette fin d'année 2016. Depuis 2012 je suis fan de cette storyline avec Clem. La saison 1 ? Un chef d'oeuvre ! La saison 2 ? Une suite digne de son prédecesseur ! La saison 3 ? La destruction d'une ip qui était quasi parfaite.Les + :- Clem is back & older (i mean at least like a seconde zone character)- Voice acting quiet good !- Oh yes the graphics are better ( nothing like : wow amazing graphics !!! but still that's okay )- And to be honest with you guys that's pretty much it ...Les - :- Gameplay : Just compare gameplay from Season 1 (good♥♥♥♥♥gameplay, it was already easy but it was nice), Season 2 (new features added and it was not that bad), Season 3 ? Oh my god i don't even know how you can downgrade a gameplay like this. Just to let know the people this is not a game anymore just a seconde zone little 'tv show"".- We can't control Clem at all (for now) instead we got Javier (who the ♥♥♥♥ is this ♥♥♥♥♥ boy ? Even Clem got more balls than him, really that's so funny to see a guy ""bullied"" by a 14-15 years old girl.- StoryLine : for now i just play two épisode so i hope the storyline gonna evolve in a good way but so far really it's just garbage. First how they introduce the news ""hero"" family ... so cliché i've seen this scenario hundred of time before in tv show. I dont want to spoil it so let's keep up. The whole story dont look interesting except 2 or 3 moments in 2 episode. So maybe episode 3-4-5 gonna be great  please prove me i'am wrong.- The ""MAIN"" new character have a specific charism ... Of course it's specific he have none !!! I was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you can't even imagine. We play a guys, who have less ball than a teenager.-Subtitle : A lot of bug in the french subtitle version.- Duration of each episode : 1h ... 1h are you joking Telltale ? I don't even know what to say first. Okay okay for the first Season of TWD i played something like 15h-16h in total. But to EP 1 to 5 it was something like 10hours to clean up everything. For Season 2 of TWD i played 8h-9h i just did the story one time. So if the game is keep going the same way i seriously think we're gonna have 5 hours playable in total. That's just ridiculous.- Choices : Your try to choose the best end in the second season final ? Well Telltalle don't give a **** they just gonna throw at you a 2 min flashback that's it ... And what a flashback i laugh so hard ^^'I just tried to do a quick resume and this is my personnal opinion. I have just one request for Telltale just let Clementine die at the end and forgot her and her story, leave her alone. What you can do if u want to keep going in the TWD world it's you can use Michonne like you did or Daryl just for the sales.I am really sorry for this game what a waste ..."
76561198226987236,Recommended,536220,29329534,Posted: 17 January,all,Bertha Ballsack,"As of chapter 2 this is a great game. Seems to be a lot of people/Clemenlovers who are having a difficult time letting go of the character. The thing is, she isn't real and accepting letting go by not playing her (very much) up to the  second chapter (where we are now) is a good preface to what I assume will ultimetly be the end of our beloved peachy teen.The second season of TWD was all about watching for leaders ""cracking"".  It's obvious by now that Clementine has PTSD suffering from flashbacks and taking time out for some deep breaths to cool off the Steam*.  My thoughts are there will be a point in this season (or early on in the sequel) that we will have to say goodbye to our little warrior princess and accept the story needs to follow another series of characters for it to carry on.The settings, saves, lag in the mouse all need to be worked on but so far my touch screen is doing the job (while I'm waiting on a controller). The entire set up is way more complicated than need be and should be simplified or done the same as season 2.So, I'm digging this game and am preparing myself for some strong feels in the near future (release more already!). Hopefully the ""this (fill in the blank) ruined my childhood"" attitude will chill out and fans will recgnoize that Clem just can't be with us forever."
,Recommended,536220,28521269,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,wicked,This season is very good it gives you insight on the past (If you havent played them) but also allows you to start in a new season without feeling lost. Simply Amazing
,Recommended,536220,28506707,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,EsEs,"Really enjoyed Ep1 and Ep2, like playing as Jav"
76561198038869571,Recommended,536220,28497378,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Soosh,Yes # 3.
,Recommended,536220,28497874,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,spudbob,new guy isn't so bad :^)
,Recommended,536220,28497509,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DailyDove,Worth the wait.
,Recommended,536220,28889803,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kemonds,It's good!
76561198119511586,Not Recommended,536220,28842939,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,lhmoe65,it won't let me play because of directx error! So i waited 2 whole years for nothing!!! Please fix this telltale. :( ._.
76561198123127812,Recommended,536220,28494966,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Wishy,I could not wait for this game to come out and when it did it didn't disappoint. It has a great story line so far and really good graphics.
,Recommended,536220,28494921,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dzekeris,I loved this awesome game.
,Recommended,536220,28563877,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,🗡REKTIFIEDisDevvo🔪,One of the best walking dead games so far
,Recommended,536220,28606749,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,GroovieR,"My god! Telltale made it again! But how i missed the classic ""Previously on the walking dead""...The story line is so good and Jesus is in it! The only thing i can argue about this game is the episode's lenght they were shorter than the previous TWD games....maybe there is more action than dialogue? but something doesn't feel right.Telltale preserved TWD essence in this new series for now (episode 1 & 2) but please dont get greedy this need to have more gameplay hours.......puzzles, more character control i dont know.Just for the episode lenght problem....... 9/10!"
76561198308980283,Recommended,536220,28893281,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tunis Glen,为什么就给两章，，不是说好的五个么！
76561198211391147,Recommended,536220,28615530,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DamnDanielMeme,The game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing so far.
,Recommended,536220,32096167,Posted: 31 May,all,Sanity,"To start with i thought oh another walking dead game, I did like the first 2 but i kind of got bored of the second game.This game was suprising it was a fresh story with a few old characters, to start it was a bit slow and dry but the ending was so much better than I expected. I was nearing the end of the game and thought this is a bit of a rubbish ending but it only got better in such a short time the music, the atmosphere was amazing it really was an emotional ending. Well worth picking up if it was a bit cheaper"
,Recommended,536220,28888441,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,messiawke,"Episodes 1&2 were way too short. Made fans wait 2 years to play 2 hours smh.Telltale drew themselves into a corner. They made fans fall in love with Clem far too much. Then they teased Clem in the trailers for s3, but really you're stucking playing as some random guy that runs into her.All prior decisions in s2 were thrown away, even though it felt like Telltale was ready to develop a branching storyline based on if you kept Kenny or Jane alive.The graphics are quite nice, but a bit to tryhard. Wolf Among Us had the perfect animated comic book feel, but they missed the mark here.Buy it if you love Clem. If you don't want to, just watch the Let's Plays."
,Recommended,536220,28948938,Posted: 2 January,all,Blacksept69,"I love this new season but its a disservice to the past seasons, Clem is shoved aside, your choices in the first two games feel completely forsaken because no matter what ending you picked in season 2 it ends horribly. Matter of fact its so distant from the other game that this could easily be its own micchone. Also the choices in this season between Clem and Javier's family are not really even choices, its so easy to pick Clem its sad. But overall it has been a twist and turn story that stands well compared to the other seasons but should've been its own thing."
76561198082445831,Recommended,536220,28534163,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,_$ S-Stenk $_,Very good Game i recommend this game very much :D Amazing graphics
,Recommended,536220,28613875,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hokage Dattebayo,"ITS SOOOO GOOD TO SEE CLEMENTINE AGAIN <3 We can all agree that she's our mija, our strong independant daughter, our babygurl, growing up. im personally bias towards telltale games that includes clementine in it.i strongly recommend playing the first season and the second season of the walking dead. as it gives insight to the current installment's story and adds ""immersion"".the story so far ( episode 1 and episode 2 ) i can confidently say its a big 8/10 for me.season 1 10/10season 2 8/10"
76561198108232366,Recommended,536220,28499097,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,R1ck,"Just to let everyone know I have played Season 1 and Season 2, I'm not new in this game.I just played Episode 1 so far and it looks pretty good. New season means new characters and new stories. Yeah, I love Clementine just like everyone else. She looks pretty mature and knows what she does but since this is a new season we have to give credit to the new characters like Javier and his family. So far it wasn't boring like many people say on the ""Negative reviews"". For me it was interesting. I was really into his story, into his thoughts and feelings just like with Lee and Clementine in the past seasons. I don't feel upset like some people because Clementine looks like a side character (we still have more episodes to play so we don't still know) but I think and this is my opinion that this game is all about Javier and his family where Clementine will play a good role in his life.I will say it one more time...I love Clementine but IT DOESN'T MATTER IF CLEMENTINE IS A SIDE OR MAIN CHARACTER! This is not ""The Walking Dead: Clementine's story"" This is about a survivor's story like Lee's or Clementine's in their respective seasons so you better get use to it or simply just don't play this game for those who said ""Don't buy this game because Clementine is not a playable character"", ""Clementine is a side character, f*ck this game"", ""Don't buy this game if you have respect for Lee and Clementine"".In conclusion as for me, I love this game and I recommend this game for those fans of the saga! :)"
76561198040234862,Recommended,536220,32186126,Posted: 4 June,all,romanwashere,"The Walking Dead: A New Frontier is overall a decent addition to Telltale's The Walking Dead. If you are a fan of the first two seasons, then I would recommend picking this one up.Pros:-The new characters are a lot more likable and memorable than the ones in Season 2. The new player character, Javi, is a breath of fresh air. He isn't nearly as badass and cool as Lee but you sympathize with his plight and it is easy to step into his shoes and make decisions through his eyes.-It is good that they simply did not choose to drag on the Clementine storyline, but had a new original story with the new cast of characters. The story is engaging and it does keep you playing wondering how things will end. (Don't worry Clementine is still there, but she plays more of a supporting role, which as much as I love her, I feel like her arc is pretty much completed at this point.)-The updated character models look great.Cons:-Some of the major choices you make in this game turn out to not be all the important at all. Some are crucial though.-There are a lot of strange bugs, like characters who have died or are not supposed to be there walking around in the background of scenes.-There are some moments where the writers clearly took shortcuts in how to deal with different decisions the player could make."
,Not Recommended,536220,32358825,Posted: 11 June,all,Nightlife.Ben,"Straight Forward: 6.5/10Killing off the only choice you make in season 2 was unavoidable and pointless. Stay with Kenny for him to die in a ♥♥♥♥ing flashback without any choice or way to avoid it. Leave Kenny and you must be brain damaged because noone did that come on. This game makes your choices not matter.Characters: God awful, loved clem ,javi ,tripp and jesus. But others you are just made to hate and meant to love them somehow once they die.Graphics: Good until episode 4-5 where they dropped off majorlyStoryline: Decent, but so many forced encounters that choices just werent given.Choices: Little even matter.Dialogue: Please make it stop. So much of it, is useless.Relationships: Burn all the ships. They're so bad just end them. Especially the forced Clem and Gabe relationship.Continuation: Don't make a♥♥♥♥♥♥spin off character please just keep it about clem.Ending: No emotions and pathetic compared to others, we we're happy to watch main characters die for once.Alot worse then the other games. You barely need this. Continue from season 2 to season 4 without frontier and you will have a much better time."
76561198095200398,Recommended,536220,28855545,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,KnightKnighting A KnightAtNight,An amazing piece of storytelling. I look foward to playing more when chapter 3 arrives.
,Recommended,536220,28862055,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TesslaCoil,"REVIEW BASED ON EPISODE 1 AND 2 ONLYPros:- Interesting new playable character- Surprising twists- Clementine!!!!- Story leaves me wanting more- Character from TV Show and the comics introduced (a fan favourite)- GraphicsCons:- Wrapped up Season 2 in flash backs that we had no control over- Barely able to play as Clementine (maybe this will change?)- Flat side characters besides Kate, Javier, and Clementine (hopefully this will change as we get to communicate with them more - there really hasn't been a chance for that)- Choices with Clem's personality didn't seem to have a huge impact- Short episodes*If you're in this ONLY for Clementine then I wouldn't pick this up until more is known about her involvement. This isn't a Clem-focused game. If you're looking to immerse yourself in a new adventure with some familiar faces and willing to give the new characters a chance, then I think this game will pleasantly surprise you."
76561198120549858,Recommended,536220,28662308,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,(^^),WTF only two episode? Definitely recommand it.
76561198163515869,Recommended,536220,28657499,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Leonardo Twinkle,Real Great Game...Im not Really Into The Walking Dead Serious But This Had Me Hooked Played Twice Now. Cant Wait For Episode 3
76561198289421430,Recommended,536220,28616458,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,malhotrah97,Amazing game so far... I would say this game is really worth it and it is worth buying!!!
76561198147508362,Recommended,536220,28527839,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Clouds1000,"I have played all of the telltale games besides minecraft: story mode. I have read through a page of reviews and while some people are correct about some of it's flaws, this was still an absolutely fantastic experience. I highly recommend this for any walking dead, telltale or just video game fans."
76561198027410006,Recommended,536220,32094559,Posted: 31 May,all,Davovovovovovo,"While their games have got shorter gradually (if you speed through it, each episode is up to two hours), their storytelling is... Honestly, better than season 2. If you don't mind shorter episodes but still the same nail-biting tension and a real increase in moments that the in-game timer just doesn't give enough time for... I'd recommend it."
76561198272268662,Recommended,536220,28892649,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zaku78,crash?
76561198118614815,Recommended,536220,28520771,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Shatterstars88 (Bumblebee),"The first two episodes so far have really had a great impact to the series. Your choices at the end of season 2 saddly matter little to none though. Not to spoil anything but dont go in with great expectations. It makes sense though, for every branching path means double the dialogue. So go into this game expecting the same for every telltale game.Choices mean little to none, just play the game for its story not its diversity. Really good start though i hope it keeps up being as great as it has been."
,Recommended,536220,28708869,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Beautimous,"Graphics are better than the two before it, story is still breath taking.Worth buying if you liked the previous two."
76561198149251669,Recommended,536220,28500632,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Elmo Amore,10 out of teen
,Recommended,536220,28500506,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,kevin22xt,"This game is amazing!!! I was intrigue by the beginning, starting off with a new character and their story, and then we get to meet Clementine, but there is something different about her. This game keeps you on edge in terms of the story and choices you have to make, the characters are great, this game will defiantly get you hooked to see what happens next."
,Recommended,536220,28500645,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,chop top,Just 10 minutes into the game I already knew it was going to be a great addition to the series. Pick it up if you enjoyed the others.
76561198096208000,Recommended,536220,28528949,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Justin,yeah cba to write a long reviewgames good some choices useless as alwayssome choices matter a whole bunchnot nearly as good as twd 1 or twd 2still very funalso if u want clem to die u can go ♥♥♥♥ing hang urself
76561198185316071,Recommended,536220,28774503,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Baleigh_howard,"I have always been a huge fan of this series, but the lag on the mouse is making it very difficult to enjoy. In the past games, mouse sensitivity was an option. I really hope that they can fix this issue because I was really looking forward to playing. Are there any suggestions to fixing this problem???"
,Recommended,536220,28770201,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MoonLightLover,"This season brought TWD game back on track. It brought season 1 aspects of keeping your family safe in the TWD universe. The storyline so far is pretty amazing, this season the characters are amazing, and very relatable like the season one characters.I love the new cast of survivors as well, and the graphics are amazing this time around. This season is a must have"
76561198039979390,Recommended,536220,28774495,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dantares83,the first two episodes are soooooo good!
76561198326679107,Recommended,536220,28770730,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Alfie,Amazing!
76561198126280076,Recommended,536220,28774245,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Astro_nut,Moar clem please...thx
76561198060980783,Recommended,536220,28558533,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Squigglies,"I've been seeing a lot of people complaining about this game and I figured I should write a review to get out my thoughts (which is a lot more positive).I think so far, after playing the first two chapters, that it's a great game. It looks great, it runs super well, the story is incredibly captivating, with a few plot twists I hadn't seen coming already thrown in there. The voice acting is absolutely fantastic, the character design is beautiful and so are the surroundings despite the post-apocalypse. I definitely recommend playing it.Now as for the negatives:You do not play mainly as Clementine. You play her 10% and Javier 90%, and I admit that I at first thought I would hate playing as someone other than her, but Javier is quite compelling and a wonderful character. I do still wish it'd be at least 50/50 as I feel quite protective of Clementine, considering she was the main character of the last game, and she was your charge in the first.Now, people have also been saying (and I don't think this is too spoilery?) that Clementine feels like a different character - she seems hardened, no matter how you played her in the last game, and that this is not the Clementine they played.I, actually, think that if they had kept her the same positive, gentle spirit she was 2 years ago (since in-game it's been 2-3 years since the last game), it would have made no sense and been lazy writing. We don't know what Clem's been through in those years and having her be hardened makes perfect sense considering the world she's growing up in.Another thing in regards to previous games' choices, they do still make the Telltale error of copping out of your decisions somewhat, as is made clear in flashbacks.But that aside it's an absolutely wonderful game and I think you should definitely give it a try if you liked the other games."
76561198306214745,Recommended,536220,32151369,Posted: 3 June,all,SALTY TF2 PLAYER,REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD GAME
,Recommended,536220,28888146,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,I am Kick-Ass,"Ну если сказать короче - люблю эту серию игр и рад любому расладу событий, лишь бы история не кончалась. Не думаю, что сценаристы загубят эту историю - им прибыльно, нам интересно. Мне лично понравилось, как разработчики преподнесли историю о Хави, и как персонаж он очень запоминается. Буду рад увидеть его и в следующих частях серии."
76561198161091725,Recommended,536220,28520355,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nali,"great game, as a fan of seasons 1-2 and 400 days I was not dissapointed."
76561198027621589,Recommended,536220,28690398,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sadthorn,"Besides some technical issues with cloud saving and random crashes on Win 7, the game is fine.  I can understand the frustration some other reviewers experienced playing this installment of the series.  I too wanted a more direct continuation of AJ, Clementine and Kenny struggle for survival.  At some point the characters need to just survive instead of die and force us to have to learn to like or hate new ones nearly every season.  I think the new characters in this game are fine and interested in seeing where the rest of this leads to the end of the season.  The episodes could have been longer in my opinion, these first two just seem a little rushed or something.  That being said, I am happy with the game, I enjoyed playing the first two episodes and the more relaxed QTE's.  I love the watch it and have some invovlement style of game play TTG has going with their games and hope they stick with it."
76561198058257532,Not Recommended,536220,28522988,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Killer_Queen_Requiem,"What's up with this save file bug? I just finished Ep1, and restarted the game at the very beginning of Ep2, and the choices I previously made in EP1 are all gone. Thanks a lot Telltall, now I am going to put the entire thing on a hold because there is something wrong with your game."
,Recommended,536220,32166563,Posted: 3 June,all,Jim Gordon,Im Crying
76561198148826534,Recommended,536220,32209828,Posted: 5 June,all,Night_Wielder,"It was really good. Not as good as the first two, but still definitely an enjoyable experience. The game was taken in a different direction that season one or two, and that led to some good and some bad features of the game. There seems to be much more hate floating about than this game deserves, it's honestly a lot better than some of them make it sound.Pros:Still great characters and storyMoral dilemmas make you stop and think, as alwaysMany great gut punch emotional momentsConstant tension ratcheting up and releasing you expertlyCons:The chapters are a lot shorter, and that’s kind of lame.There is a shift in focus that I didn’t like regarding the protagonistOverall I thought it was quite good. Not as outstanding as the last two, but it still has that telltale games magic."
76561198130091484,Recommended,536220,33122090,Posted: 2 July,all,Ｂｅｅｐ,"this is by far, my favorite game series. i have to say, it was very glitchy, but i had a great experience and if you hated this game, you clearly made some♥♥♥♥♥♥choices"
,Not Recommended,536220,28507402,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Scars hellcase.com is rigged,"The game is not that bad, but episode are only 1hour long? Seriously? I got a refund, telltale are getting lazy af, killing every good character in the game because it would need too much work to develop."
76561198116205424,Recommended,536220,32356457,Posted: 11 June,all,fried chicken,7.5-8/10Javier is my bro
,Recommended,536220,28508775,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MagicSnake of Maidan,"Really liked it. As far as I can see, the third season is as good as it can be, just like other 2 seasons."
76561198045351656,Not Recommended,536220,28730935,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GxGamer,"ADS? IN A FULLPRICE GAME?! WHY NOT?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=827695894Well, nice game but you get a thumb down for your ingame Advertisement. Screw you Telltale.Oh and here is an update: The game is not even complete! It contains only 2 of 5 ""episodes"".How nice of you not telling this in the description."
,Recommended,536220,28498247,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Hans!,Rest in Peace Brother.
,Recommended,536220,28498198,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,almighty,10/10 until now... Like the other seasons. Looking foward to play episode 3...
,Recommended,536220,28847734,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,I'M BATMAN,"Choices made in walking daed S1 and S2 dont matter at all, poor writing by telltale, you start of fresh with a new character and clementine as an NPC."
76561198348226073,Recommended,536220,28839885,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,barmhartsam,Awesome game. Clementine just isn't the same as the character I developed playing as her and Jane was shocking to say the least - not with what happened - but her attitude and her hair changing colour was off putting. The sudden end to her story felt poor. Other than that I can't wait for all the episodes!
76561198207251913,Recommended,536220,28932275,Posted: 2 January,all,XXXTENTACION,"This game is just too good, recommend playing if you've played the first 2 to understand. 2 gud"
,Recommended,536220,28846234,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Afternoon Tea,Telltale you better not pull any crap like you did with Minecraft: Story Mode I swear to god...
,Recommended,536220,28930938,Posted: 1 January,all,KillerGaming,"So far this has lived up to the hype. The twist and turns in the first two episodes left me wanting more. My only complaint (maybe a spoiler here so read at your own risk) is the fact you don't play as clem. But honestly, other than that fact, the game so far is absolutely amazing. Love these, highly recommend."
76561198111095719,Recommended,536220,31351206,Posted: 24 April,all,Patward,It's a big boy game
,Recommended,536220,28677273,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PotatoBoi,"Even though this game was really good, it's a lot worse than the previous seasons"
76561198228671164,Not Recommended,536220,31386874,Posted: 26 April,all,Hunter_The_Cat,"We waited 3 years. Got promised alot. And they delivered this crapfest.Here are a little pros and cons.Pro:- SPOILER: we get a little backstory on Jesus- We get some glimpses of what happened to Clem (, Kenny/Jane and AJ)- Interesting new charactersThats about it actually. We were promised a deeper and longer storyline. Longest so far they said. Better gameplay. But here is what we got.Con:- Short 1 hour episodes for whick we often have to wait months to come out- Limited gameplay abilities. ( No real scavaging, discovering or really walking around)- Many choices have no influence on the outcome of situations or people- Slow pased ( If i'm figuring out an escape or in a bad way i am not strolling around like i am in central park ffs)- very (and i mean VERY) predictable.- No fealing whit the characters what so ever- Extremly bi-polar characters ( one minute they ready to kill you the net they are willing to catch a bullet for you)- Did the developers just give up at some point- No really. Did they just got up one morning and said ♥♥♥♥ it.Anyway if you wanna know what happens to Clem use Google or Youtube you arent influencing her life anymore (or other characters for that matter). I'm gonna play this one out just because I like to finish what i start but for the love of god if you love these games leave this one be. The only tears being shed here are the ones of sadness of seeing a good game series dying before your eyes.It's the ♥♥♥♥ing zombie apocalypse. Stop strolling around and RUN for heavens sake!"
,Recommended,536220,31488724,Posted: 1 May,all,Sutha,"I liked Season III. I liked my Javier but a few things I need to point out.......The Javier I ""created"" Felt forced into ""the relationship"", if you play, you know what I mean. The other games never really ""forced you"" into something like that. I would make a choice against the relationship but then something would come out of nowhere that I was still into it. I'm just throwing this out and saying my Kate is just comepletely delusional.I had a bit of lag but not enough to break gameplay. I don't have a potato but I know my PC isn't the top of the line.People are saying you are forced to side with Clementine. Not really at all. I agreed with Clem when I felt like it and I disagreed when I felt it was needed. It never forced me to be nice to Clem. If I felt she was getting out of line, I still got the choice to tell her off. Then again, I usually have no attachments to anyone in these games. Expect for Lee.....and Kenny...and Jesus.....Javier is growing on me (well, my version)Yeah, you could play this game before any of the others but personally, I feel it would be missing out. While I was satisfied with Season III (except ep 4, will get into that later) I enjoyed seeing alot of my choices from the other games being touched upon in this one, expect one. I never rain into Kenny! I was excited to see his story (whatever way it turned) come back but nope. My Kenny is apparantly in a feild somewhere telling zombies to screw themselves.  Then again, I already had saves form the others so I cannot begin to delve on the ""auto save creator"" mechanic that was created with Season III.Episode 4 I thought was.....short, unfulfilling, and was not really long enough. It felt like it ended before it even began. I like how it was going and then where it shut off felt...mediocre and cliche'd.TLDR;Lag was okay at best. Nothing to throw a monitor over.Jesus is the most awesome man alive in TWD game right now (yes, even more than my Kenny)He wall ran and kicked a zombie and punched another. He ran after ARMED MEN with an axe. Not a battle axe or a big axe. A regular axe. He AIR KICKED two zombies out of a door and he's agile and sneaky AF. Sorry, bad***ery award goes to him in my saves.Had one glitch that was annoying but fixed it with verifying files. (stretching backpack)I was satisfied. Not 24 dollars (what it is now) satisfied (I got it on sale) but it was satisfying. (except ep 4....was kinda a wtf let down)I recommend getting it on sale. I ""beated"" it in 2 days (not full days, just after work playing days).Pet peeve of the game -I told Joan I wasn't going to play into her games. She gave me the choice between two characters to kill. I went the high route and choose neither (waiting for the timer to end) but it led to a game over. WTF?! The game itslef called me a lier! XD"
76561198051352530,Not Recommended,536220,31466576,Posted: 30 April,all,Hans Olo,"I'm a huge fan of Season 1 and 2 but after I've finished Episode 4 of Season 3 I really don't know if I will play the last episode.The first two seasons gave you the feeling you really can influence whats happening with your decisions but that isn't the case anymore. The chat-options are somewhat stupid and Javier often says different things than you chose.The animations are choppy, some textures are just ugly (often walkers) and the story is just some groups fighting each other. The game just doesn't make you care about characters. The only character I still care about is Clem and you can't even play as her, wtf Telltale?"
76561198045452858,Recommended,536220,32112367,Posted: 1 June,all,TriTTon,Now now after finishing this game i really have to say something.Besides the game concept wasnt that bad in generall i still missed the thing that u couldnt play as Clem besides the few times u are allowed to.That being said i still liked the Story of the 2 Brothers and really made me think stick to the family (brother) or really turning him down cuz he goes insane. It was some though decisions besides allso some stupid decisions where i had the feeling this could have been made better than what they've deliverd. Allso with the recycling part of the game like chopping somebody's arm of ore using the blood from the zombies to go through an area. We've seen that come up with some new and unique stuff :3Nontherless i have to say the game is good obf not an Masterpiece like Season 1 but still an game i've enjoyed over the past Episodes. And i cant wait for the next Game. Hopefully bringing back Clem and some new decisions.That all being said the game chills at my list on an good 6/10 :)
,Not Recommended,536220,31461580,Posted: 30 April,all,EX D,I enjoyed it so far but its not lie that it is a snore fest.
,Not Recommended,536220,31513800,Posted: 2 May,all,Zetra,"it's sad how the developers, the SAME developers, who made two seasons of a series which actually made me care about the choices I make, make a game where I don't even want to care about my decisions.Whatta joke. Coming from a hardcore telltale fan. I feel like the greed already got to them.UPDATE: Just finished the final episode. What's even more dissapointing is how the ending isn't even satisfying at all.What's really funny is the death of David, It was honestly the most expected thing for me how he was going to die and his death animation looked like a 10 year old trying to pretend that they are dying in some play. Also having Ava dying (If you saved her in episode 4) at the bridge scene was such a hilarious way of killing off a character so fast, showing even more that choices do not matter at all in this gameOne of the worst endings Telltale has ever done. Shame."
76561198085792193,Recommended,536220,34057737,Posted: 6 August,all,numan4634,"Walking dead is a story - choice based survival horror game where your choices alters the story in the future. The game is mostly consist of movie-like scenes and some choices and quicktime events. There are multiple ending depending on how and what you chose throughout the game.Short review: As a choices matter game and a telltale game, this is another nice walking dead game. My opinion, not as good as first one but still rocks.Long review: Compared to wolf among us and the other walking dead games of telltale games, this one is probably in second or third place. Here is why:Pros:- Choices are painful and drastically changes the story. I have made some gross choices and felt like a back stabbing jerk :D- There is not much button mashing (Jurrasic park was a button mashing mania game)- The story has stereotype characters but original ideas and dialogs. A veteran dude, a spoiled brother, a naive doctor, a spoiled doctor, a veteran woman with a shaved head.. Etc :) But most importantly the game has Clem :)- The story has flashbacks of main character and Clementine. I realy suggest you to play the first 2 walking dead games before playing this one.- The game can follow up on the last season you have played. Or you can start from scratch and the game will generate random history for you.- Visuals are amazing.- There are equal amount of excitement and drama. There is a balanced story.Cons:- A little bit short- Some dialogs look crucial but you do not always have time to think it through.Buy first 2 games, finish them and play this. You won't regret it."
76561198162788106,Recommended,536220,31426099,Posted: 28 April,all,Yellow space giraffe,"i think it is an okay game, not amazing like it's predecessors, but it is better than expected.sadly, Clem has been pushed too far from the main story, she is not worth a lot in the plot.the episodes are too short, compleded season 1 in 15 hours and season 2 in about 10 (played on ps3) and this far i have only played about 6 hours and im done with the first 4 episodes.the new characters are harder to bond with.and they killed ofKenny and Jane like they did not mather at all, they both meant a lot for the story ;-;other than that, i still find it an okay game"
76561198184550254,Recommended,536220,28524061,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The MOULDER,"I am absolutely blown away by how good this is so far. Clementine could be the next Lara Croft. Characters are so easy to get attached to, like all other Telltale Games. It's amazing. Clementine has an innapropriate wiggle. Buy it.- Just finished Ep. 4 and it's amazing."
76561198311306086,Not Recommended,536220,32198293,Posted: 5 June,all,Henry,"The story is quite boring, not nearly as good as 1, 2."
,Recommended,536220,28501136,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FrenchWaffle,1000000/10 would ♥♥♥♥ing reccomend. Ive been waiting so long and this game is finally out!!
76561198047785093,Not Recommended,536220,29442983,Posted: 23 January,all,pietsch,"u cant be serioushttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=848641485http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=848641112next thing missing german translation, poor translation and completely wrong translation.good job !"
,Not Recommended,536220,35031213,Posted: 17 September,all,Chi,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ season, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending.just♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to all the seasons"
,Recommended,536220,28514256,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,used sock,Yea it's good as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,536220,28514993,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,FaFeL,"Some parts, like SPOILER:Kenny's and/or Jane's deaths, were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I agree. Your choices might not matter as much as you want to, that is also true, but it gives you a feeling they do. It does not bother me, personally. But it bothers many people, as you can see on the Telltale forums.But I still thought the first two episodes were great, and I cannot wait for the next episodes. I loved the first two Seasons and I think Season 3 started great, too. It is fun to play, the voice acting is great, the gameplay and story are great, too.All in all I recommend the game and if you liked the first two seasons you will like this one, too. At least the first two episodes."
,Recommended,536220,32881251,Posted: 27 June,all,Luhaan,"I don't care what everyone is saying about this game. It's amazing! The story really pulled me in, and some of the choices were so difficult that I had to pause the game and think for a good 5 minutes. The flashbacks really worked well and they did a good job revealing the backstory, and giving you a choice in the backstory. Great job Telltale!"
,Not Recommended,536220,34184882,Posted: 11 August,all,Dougie,"Not good, not bad. Compared to the first two I'm just having trouble getting sucked in. Not to mention that after the first two chapters the quality seems to fall off especially in the animations and dialogue. Probably not gonna finish it. :/ Personally, I'd recommend you skip this installment..."
,Not Recommended,536220,34156950,Posted: 10 August,all,Lycku,Telltale have gone down so much in quality.
,Recommended,536220,34048660,Posted: 5 August,all,lart,"This is a Walking Dead game, so naturally it has zombies in it, I get that, it sets the setting. Over the years zombies became boring and for me whenever zombies showed up the creativity of the game went downhill, as with zombies they inherently lack creativity themselves, especially with the not so many things they can do.Then you get the usual TWD ingredients. The s*itshow, mayhem and murder that starts everywhere you show up and you think the only winning move is not to play. Everyone would be better off if they just shot themselves at the beginning of the game.They covered up the random side kicks deaths through the episodes better this time, making them less predictable, by throwing really great WTF, some WTH but also just plain lazy moments at you. They even carry some doomed people through multiple episodes while killing of scores of people just because you acted on your best intentions.The overall story itself is okay. It's definitely not great, has pacing issues as sometimes interesting stuff gets cut short or feels unbelievable, but it's not bad either.With all that said I do like this game very much. It's a game about betrayal, trust, love and family which always keeps you wonder. It has, for the most part, believable characters, acting and includes multiple endings, taking into account a lot of decisions of your journey throughout the game.Playable flashbacks let you meet old friends, have consequences in the present and clear up what happened in the past.Overall, besides all the criticism, I had a great time with this game, though I still wish for an alternative dystopian setting."
,Recommended,536220,28495870,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,tvnv,It's been 3 years since the previous Walking dead and I have never been so excited to return for the 3rd instalment. At first I was worried that there would be more Javis then Clementine. But after finishing both episodes that worries has dissipeared. For me at least I love his character the annoying kid doesn't help but having Clementine by my side again is more then i would of asked for. A soild 9/10 so far would of been a 10 is the episodes where a little longer but we can't have everything! :)
,Recommended,536220,28495965,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dvivoni,I've played the first two episodes and I really liked them. Looking forward to see what's coming next :)
76561198061013022,Not Recommended,536220,28880050,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dashin Assassin,"Nothing changes anything, if you are NOT willing to sit down longer and actually build the goddamn game to make the player feel the impact, then don't bother releasing it. There should actually be a different scenario for each option, changing the flow of the game, just like in life, you go down 1 route you won't see the exact same♥♥♥♥♥♥in another. If you're too lazy to make a variety to the whole ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t quote ""the things you choose change how the story is tailored"" then don't make another game where you have a generic base line that they follow regardless if you tell a character to shove it, or if you kill their mother, they still just tag along until the base line gets to their demise or whatever. Its pointless and simple. I would rather pay more for a game later released with LONGER play through than some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t chapters with meager character development and shotty play by play fake RPG crap. DO NOT milk the TWD franchise for some petty♥♥♥♥♥ second rate gameplay. I will refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥next time I play it and see the damn bad work being done. I won't do it this time, because ill give you the benefit of the doubt and see how the last chapters roll out. But MARK my word, if you screw this up, I will never purchase this game, and spread the word via blogs and videos that this is NOT worth anyone's time, and if they do purchase it, just refund it if its from Steam or bought in store."
76561198065990149,Not Recommended,536220,28496332,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sergej Fühlvoll,"Im really sorry but...i will give this a dislike just because it feels so rushed. I feel like i have no real choices and cant interact with stuff.Most of the time the progress is damn quick but there is no time to admire the scene.And by the way scene...holy the way feels forced. With Lee i could at last walk around a bit. But this ? Feels like im walkign in a straight line.Clem is now a background character ? really ? that♥♥♥♥♥♥hurts too. Yeah shes badass and looks good  but...i dont know. SO much potential. And it feels like they used only a little bit.The other things that bother me , is that it feels short.  I havent got the feeling that i got to knew new characters or places. It just feels -> QUICK DO THIS -> NEW SCENE -> QUICK DO THAT-> NEW SCENE -> AAAND FINISHED -> new Chapter... wtf. I thought Episode 2 was short but this feels like a train.Sorry Telltale, thats not the same feeling i got in Season 1. Season 2 was ok...but this ...hurts."
76561198022451504,Recommended,536220,28496520,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ebruce01,"yes, yes and yes."
76561198024172958,Recommended,536220,28554926,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,bobo,So far so good.
76561198063562618,Recommended,536220,28595054,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,+× Peter van Gogh +×,.
,Recommended,536220,28676792,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Clementine,Y'all really should buy this game it's worth it. :D
76561198046344112,Not Recommended,536220,28680005,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,vincent-janse,I played a couple of episodes of this game and have to say Im very disappointed with it.Its just the same story over and over again. You play as some normal person down on your luck when some crazy♥♥♥♥♥faction comes and ♥♥♥♥s your♥♥♥♥♥♥up. The people from the faction are always completely crazy and unreasonable and the decisions of the last seasons make no impact at all.The biggest problem this game has is that the writing is repetitive and cliché at this point and I feel they should have made Clementine the main character.
76561198260452978,Recommended,536220,28496590,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,RealDoCGamer,"Its a very nice game,but I dont really like the art style, still 10/10"
76561198011117133,Recommended,536220,28496780,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Joba Fett,yeah i've already made some bad choices and i'm getting emotional already. it's great to see Clementine back!
76561198108020063,Recommended,536220,28496506,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Thundergod Pence,"Let me start off by saying even though I am a fan of this franchize ill provide some constructive critiscizm. So here are the pros and consPros- A big step up in the graphics deparment, the characters look fresh and the terrain gloomy and post-apocolypticThe opening sequence gave me chills like a good horror movie and in general the game sustains a great level of suspenceThe characters are vivid and it is hard to form an opinion on whether each character is good or bad.You get little of Jesus in the 2 episode but he is pretty awesome in this gameThe story doesn't pick up right where you left off in the previous season which boosts the suspence value and makes you invested into the game.Clem is all grown up and an absolute badass. If you have played previous seasons expect some tear-jerking phrases from herJavier is an amiable character and learning his story is intersting.Some MIND-BOGGLING UNEXPECTED moments that will leave you wanting more and more of this game.Glitches are close to none and there are no bugs like in Batman.Occasional flashbacks for Clem tell you what happened before without telling too much and in genral Clem is now more mysterious.Cons- Not enough playing time for Clem, other than the flashbacks you will play for Javi in both of the first 2 episodes and that sucks seing how Clementine is a fan favorite.Just like in the previous seasons some of the answer choices are sometimes identical ore what is written does not fully reflect what Javi will actually say.The game feels a little too fast-paced at times, though there are still moments where you can go around exploring and admiring the artstyle.The talking animations and sound were not always lined up perfectly for me, but it is barely noticeable and only comes up a few times during the playthrough.Overall I recommend the hell out of this game to whowever played at least one of the previous seasons since if you haven't it will be a little hard to pick up on the plot. So far I would say that this season's first two episodes are dfinetly better than the two episodes of the second season. I'm still waiting for kenny though.An easy 9.5/10"
76561198067484569,Not Recommended,536220,28613755,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LoaFi,"It feels...emptyso far.The first two seasons were amazing but I'm worried with how this season is turning out.With a heavy heart I can't recommend this game, yet I hope I can change this decision when the other episodes are released."
76561197984121598,Not Recommended,536220,28652534,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Duffle,"wait until its finished, its very short and abrupt in it's story telling.  The characters in the story are like, ""yay I get screentime in this game/story!"" and the telltale writers say ""No time for character development, you must die for the plot to live!!!11!!1!""I like telltale games for the most part, but i'm disappointed I bought this. I'll finish it but so far I'm salty about my purchase. Review might change after it's full release."
76561198058863512,Not Recommended,536220,32357629,Posted: 11 June,all,zerovision,"One of the worst written games from telltale. The dialogue, characters, and how the plot unfolds is laughable most of the time. Characters seemingly drop left right and center in this story. Which is fine, I'm sure that would happen in a post-apocalyptic world. But unlike in it's predecessors you aren't given enough time and interaction to really care about these characters. Plus the ways they die are dumb and quick which make them funny. I wouldn't say the plot in and of it's self is bad more so than the events that take place to move it forward at times are boring/silly. The main character plays out kind of dull, or at least the dialogue options I chose were. I found myself caring about maybe 2 or 3 characters that weren't Clem. On second thought caring might be the wrong word. Maybe interested is a better fit. Because any of these Characters besides Clem could have died at any point and I probably would have felt nothing more than amusement about how it happened. Anyway I don't know... This game just had a whole lot of nothing going on."
,Not Recommended,536220,28495825,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,yvng ralph,"So far I have completed episode 1, and despite the reassurance that there will be branching storylines for each of six possible endings at the end of season 2 and the once again constant assurance that making a choice between Kenny and Jane at the end of Season 2 would not be a death warrant for them, SPOILER ALERT: They die within the first 45 minutes of gameplay, in a crappy flashback scene in which you discuss how AJ might be autistic. I am butthurt."
76561197981451543,Recommended,536220,28495920,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ma Dong-seok,was gonna give it a 10/10 but then *someone* died and im pretty salty still loved the first two episodes
,Recommended,536220,28496018,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Anathema,"So far so good!I just finished episode one and I must say I really... really like Javi.-Since the start you're presented with a more deep and interesting story with relatable characters.-Stronger intro than past games (imo)-Clem is a baddass, showing a more darker and mysterious side of her. But you don't get to play as her. At least not on episode one.(This is def not a problem for me since they did a really good job with Javi.)-The music is also fantastic. Big props for games who pay attention to their music. Although I do miss the Folk-Indie songs at the credit scenes like in past games.-While the game started strong, I did feel it got weeker as we approached the end.-I did feel like some characters were just too friendly too quickly consider how we're in a zombie apocalypse.-The graphics look amazing I must say! Really surprised.That first scene in the graveyard the sky looks beautiful!If you're a fan of the game, there's no question or anything to consider. Just get it!!A strong 9/10 for the First episode!!Great job!"
76561198077296849,Not Recommended,536220,28576760,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Art,I wouldnt recommend this game for people that are wanting a continuation of Clem's story from the first two seasons because this is not that game.This game is the story of a new group of characters that happen upon Clem during a crisis. The first two seasons help shape the way that Clem acts towards the new characters and which flashbacks you get but thus far that is about all. The episodes are a lot shorter than the previous ones and they dont feel as well fleshed out but the presentation is a bit nice.Bottom line is. If you havnt played the other games or can play from a prespective that has Clem as a stranger then this game can be enjoyable but if you are looking at this game hoping it will continue the story of the character you have for all entensive purposes fathered through the last two games I wouldnt recommend getting it.TL:DR Game looks pretty and has interesting new characters but doesnt hold to the last two games at all which can be a major downside if you wanted more of your Badass Sweet Pea from the last two games
,Not Recommended,536220,34070137,Posted: 6 August,all,Rodrik The Ruined,"Ok... so Judging by the nearly 200 hours of playtime i have on the first 2 seasons, I am a Telltale Walking Dead Enthusiest. However this one is the only game that I dont really want to play again for a couple years here are some pros and consPros----Better GraphicsJESUS!TrippThey finally killed off GabeCons-----Clementine isnt the main Character!Gabe is an annoying little♥♥♥♥♥♥David is just a♥♥♥♥♥♥shorter episodesBasically All the Garcias were very bland charactersthe boring flashbacksthe way wellington fellthere was no actual proof that AJ is alive"
76561198002528421,Not Recommended,536220,32211971,Posted: 5 June,all,Mr. Ape #I.TOLD.U.SO,"This will be the last telltale game I buy. The quality has been going downhill since season 2. The story is average and quite predictable. The characters are bland, with forced relationship stories that I honestly didn't care about. Your choices make absolutely no difference in the overall storyline. Negotiating and appeasing people doesn't change anything. Just be a hot headed renegade and you'll still end up at the same destination, minus the feeling of being a pushover.Plus, the episodes are getting shorter and shorter. The last one took me less than an hour to finish.Don't waste your time with this 'game'. Just watch someone play it on Youtube and you'll get the same experience."
,Recommended,536220,29069956,Posted: 6 January,all,Piperman,"Pros:Seeing Clem for another perspectiveStory is still good, just not as good as it has beenCons:Far less to doEpisodes are way too shortNothing feels like it has an impactNot invested in any choices (why would I not side with clem, even though I think I've hardened her to the point she'll betray me or I'll loose her somehow)Far less character development/investmentPrevious seasons seem irrelivant (going into season 2 I at least felt like everything I had done mattered)Very little game play and far less on the edge of your seat momentsConclusion:Like most of the over reviews, this was incredibly dissapointing. I think it played out ok because of the person I made clem into actually fits how she is... so far, and I didn't see any of the dissapointing endings for the old characters as my clem left on her own. From the other reviews it sounds like thats the only ending that actually fits.These episode are rushed, the previous seasons felt so much more fleshed out and meaningful. And of course these ones are dismaly short, like really bad. There's been basically no chance to get attached to the new characters because there's very little interaction between them and they, so far, aren't being developed properly beofre something happens, which leaves you just not caring.I don't mind playing a new character and meeting clem, we played a new character when we switched to clem after all, granted we'd developed and then moved on to her but still. Seeing her from the outside, the results of your previous choices would have been really good if done properly, if she is the same character regardless then that comletely defeats the purpose of these games and actually feels like a slap in the face, like they just crapped all over the diffcult, emotional and seemingly very meaningful choices we made in the previous seasons.Tell tale was my favourite publisher, the last two games were two of my all time favourite games so I'll definitely be devastaed if they turn out like every other company and bring out something great with tons of potential by rushing things out and not putting the time, thought, care and effort just in and to end up ruining a gem like these walking dead games. It geniunely feels like the shift that happened, albeit to a lesser extent, in the Dragon Age series. The game seems to have lost it's way. If they pull their finger out and get this back on track I'll stick with them, otherwise Tell tale will just be another company I'll have lost faith in , and one that had so much potential. That said, I didn't think the Game of Thrones game was anywhere near the first walking dead one so I guess we'll see if the first two seasons were just flukes.As it stands I'm just playing to see the conclusion to a story I'm deeply invested in, which I'm still enjoying in all fairness despite feeling incredibly cheated. But there's no chance I'll buy the next season on release again, I'll either wait for reviews to show they've stepped back up to the mark and got their act together or not buy the game and just watch playthroughs on YouTube or get it elsewhere.Gave it a thumbes up because I would still recommend this to fans of the games but only if it was on sale and if it doesn't improve, I'll be dropping that recommendation."
,Recommended,536220,32419831,Posted: 14 June,all,Spider3,"Finishing now episode 3, enough for a review.I really don't get all the hate and bad reviews.True, the game  offers half of the content and choices are not giving the same ""omg what i do now"" hard decisions we had to do in TWD2.The dialogues are not the same deep/quality of the previous season. And no, you don't play with Clementine - so what? it's a reason to label it a bad game?I started playing without big expecations seeing all the bad reviews, but I've really nothing to complain. Story is interesting, characters are good, voice acting is good, gfx also a great quality.Telltale did not delivered the quality we were used to have in TWD1/2, but in any case I don't see any valid reason to dislike the game. The story is good and involving and the price is fair for what you get.If you liked TWD1/2 I don't see why you should not like this third season."
,Not Recommended,536220,29124700,Posted: 8 January,all,scottsaw,"Could not play the game because it wouldn't run on my computer, steam were great in getting me a refund for it, but I am still bewildered by why this is the case as the last two games ran fine on the highest settings. This game glitches up on the lowest settings. Why create a game that is unplayable for a vast perecentage of your audience? I'm unlikely to buy a telltale game again until they show evidence that they care for their audience and are committed to accesibility."
,Recommended,536220,30665160,Posted: 22 March,all,Basic,experience the jaw dropping shock of how quickly Clementine goes from best character to worst character in the first few minutes of screentime
,Recommended,536220,30793995,Posted: 28 March,all,LesterChildMolester,this game made me♥♥♥♥♥68.5 times in one minute
,Recommended,536220,30858013,Posted: 31 March,all,(SHN)emmie_girl,"Good game so far (only up to episode 3) only thing to note:-Wish there was more Clem </3 Sometimes too it feels like they took my choices from the previous games but they still molded her into what they wanted to have her for the story-Stop shoving Javier x Kate down my throat, I don't want them as lovers. To me it feels weird since she is his brother's wife. Everyone in the game is like""Oh I thought you two were a thing...aren't you?"" kind of thing and I'm like no but there is no definite no option it's like you just keep quiet.-I hope by the end of this story I'll get the feels like the other two games because so far I haven't."
76561198030380277,Recommended,536220,32096364,Posted: 31 May,all,Deadeye Duncan,"Is it fun? Yes. Is it as good as Season 1 or 2? No. If you enjoy choices and a rich story, then the game is worth the buy. For the best experience I recommend treating this season as a seperate story entirely, not connected to your choices in previous seasons, but in the same setting."
,Not Recommended,536220,33539527,Posted: 14 July,all,Veon,"Ok, I'll preface this with saying that I've played most TellTale games and they've all been enjoyable, some more than others. But this one, this one is by far the most boring game I've played in recent months. Uninteresting characters with uninteresting backstories having uninteresting experiences. Long, droning conversations and close to no free-roaming except for the first episode.By the last episode I was just forcing myself to play through it just so I could consider it complete and uninstall it. The only good thing about this is that we get to see more of Clementine. My finger is so tired from having to bash Q I think I'm going to have to put ice on it when I'm done with this review.I'd recommend you to stay away from this game but unfortunately it seems it's going to be mandatory if you want to know the story of Clementine"
,Not Recommended,536220,31363572,Posted: 25 April,all,Пупок,"I'm too lazy to wright a complete review, but it's a peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy it."
,Recommended,536220,28777282,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Blind,Pros:Story is still pretty goodInteresting charactersPlot is pretty unpredictableCons:Short 1hr episodes for earlier episodesEDIT : After episode 2 the episodes become longer and decisions do matter more which made the game way more enjoyable and interesting.
,Recommended,536220,35429133,Posted: 2 October,all,Cheynio,"I played The Walking Dead: A New Frontier. It was good, but not as good as the previous two main games or even Michonne. The art was almost as good as always, but I didn’t like the new cel-shading.The plot was fine, but it lost the punch of the first and second series. I didn’t warm to many of the characters, so the dramas (horrific deaths) were less traumatising. The central tension is between two opposite brothers, but the older brother is such a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you feel no empathy.Telltale make great adventure games. No boring overhard puzzles, beautiful art, strong stories and touch choices, but I wish they could be creative. Look at their games. Why can’t they do anything original? Of all their work only Puzzle Agent is original – and not so original if you have seen Fargo. Poker Night at the Inventory is a mishmash of franchises. Complacent and unambitious but beautiful art and story telling."
76561198154071703,Recommended,536220,28614424,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kabliahk,It may be shorter but it has lost none of its infamous Walking Dead charm.If you're not the type of person who enjoys playing an interactive movie don't buy the game.
,Recommended,536220,29699071,Posted: 4 February,all,Jahken,"This game isn't Season 1 and 2. It is new, different and feels updated. The story so far isn't all that engaging, I find myself caring little for the safety of most of the new cast, but there is one character I do care about, and her name is Clementine. It's great to see her again and she has evolved into a seriously powerful force. Unfortunately I think it is because I know Clementine and love her so much that the rest of the game suffers. If I have a chance to do what Clementine wants, I do it every time. If I have to choose between her and someone else, it is her and I don't think twice. Perhaps if I hadn't played the previous games this wouldn't be the case. Javi and his family are a relatable and lovable group but are outshined heavily by Clem. The visuals are far more impressive of course, and I am enjoying the way the story is heading, but I fear my story will be hampered because of my loyalty to Clementine and her alone. If you haven't played the previous games in the series, maybe this won't happen to you, but I can't stop myself from always taking her side. With that said, I do enjoy the new characters, I do like Tripp very much actually, and I am worried for Kate, but again I am more concerned about Clementine.On a different note I was forced to replay the game due to my data being lost. Not sure why that happened but it did.The gameplay is much more fluid in my opinion and directions are much easier to see compared to Season 2 where I often didn't see them and would die frequently. I wish I didn't see the same walker twice in a scene, kind of breaks the immersion.Finally, I will admit openly I love this game, but only because I have Clementine back in my life. I recommend it highly for everyone but if you have played the previous entries in the series it is hard to not be biased and favour Clementine at every opportunity."
76561198008492707,Not Recommended,536220,30517211,Posted: 14 March,all,Seth Striker,"This game has been on 2 episodes for a very long time now. If I had known that I was purchasing an incomplete game, I would have passed. When are the next 3 episodes coming out?!?"
,Recommended,536220,32068776,Posted: 30 May,all,Whale Of The Deep,"People keep on saying the choices don't really matter but the weird thing is that, huh, will you look at that, a lot of my choices actually impacted the game, and certain things happened only because I had chosen to do a certain thing... strange right???"
,Not Recommended,536220,32576038,Posted: 19 June,all,entity02,"I loved all previous walking dead games. They were funny, innovative and characters were orignal and easy to identify with.This one started off boring, and ended up targeted at 14 year old girls. This is a kindergarden intrigue, where most important topics instead of zombies or advernture, growing up of a young girl, romance of new main characters and stereotypic family issues. Also - when they started talking about Clementine's period and giving her sanitary pads - that was just too much and unrealistic. The game was really shallow too.After finishing all Walking Dead games, I am highly dissapoinnted with the story I was given for a big price and I don't feel like playing any more games from the series. I mean come one - boring 9.5 hours of my time for £22.50..."
,Not Recommended,536220,33009365,Posted: 29 June,all,_acidnoobix_,A ferocious piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game doesn't give option to kill off entire squad.
76561197986416959,Recommended,536220,33088234,Posted: 1 July,all,MrH,"Short but sweet, this is Telltale on form. I was starting to worry Telltale had lost their magic but A New Frontier has given me great hope for the future of the series, it's right up there as one of my favourites. There just wasn't quite enough of it, the episodes are much shorter now, compared to both season one and season two, a full playthrough only took 8 hours, had this been season one it would have been 10+ hours.It's a Telltale game so I have to talk about performance, for the most part it was actually solid apart from episode one which had severe stuttering about 50% of the time, but every episode after ran perfectly at a buttery smooth 60fps with no sign of stutter. I should also note I crashed to desktop twice during my playthrough. Overall it ran considerably better than Batman."
,Recommended,536220,33297715,Posted: 5 July,all,MegaKoe,"Almost finished the game,Couldn't finish it in one night because I did not have enough time. (or just started to late)Not best TWD game but I did enjoy it a lot,I loved the first two seasons, and I love this aswell although it's not as good.The reason why I even love playing this game so much is just the story.Maybe some texture glitches (in episode 3)but that's allright (not always and goes most of the times away if you restart your game) and not the best gameplay compared to the other two, story is less emotional but if you wanna know what'll happen to clem and kenny then you gotta play it.Another bad thing is that you could get some sht problems with the save files and eventually maybe gotta select important choices for the backstory itself. Its also very nice to play as clem sometimes, she was my favourite character 'till now.Season 1 10/10 - #1 Favourite game.Season 2 9.5/10 - Very goodSeason 3 8/10 - Still really worth playingI wouldn't recommend it at it's ful price but buy it while it has some good sales and It'll be worth it's money if you're a fan of this."
76561198072182182,Recommended,536220,33363968,Posted: 7 July,all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Darned fine interactive movie!  We've no regrets about buying, and will definitely get future seasons.  Would be nice to regain the level of interaction of the first season, though, but there's certainly nothing wrong with the writing.Are you going to cry?  No, you hard-a$$ed mvther♥♥♥♥er, you're not.  All your tears died with Leementine two seasons ago, so just shut up about it."
,Recommended,536220,34077108,Posted: 7 August,all,MADCRAB,"Deeply immersive and addictive! Slightly glitchy in some parts and I had some random crashing moments, especially annoying just after finishing the last chapter and the summary of what my relationships with the others had become, which doesn't show in the 'My Choices' section... Other than that, still as enjoyable as the other games in the franchise, except I found this one used less aiming when needing to execute the zombies so took a little bit of fun out of it because its just like 'press Q'... 'press E'... all the time."
76561198157453963,Not Recommended,536220,34672340,Posted: 1 September,all,Mykhael,"The game itself is ok but painfully average like Cheerios average but could be improved on, this game is subpar to the normal content that telltale produces only pick this up if you REALLY want know what is happening other wise pick this up when it's it's on sale for 50% off or higher."
,Not Recommended,536220,30807554,Posted: 28 March,all,John Harris,I waited 3 month for a uninteresting 2 hour chapter not worth it
,Not Recommended,536220,31892074,Posted: 21 May,all,hard,people die
76561198017751443,Not Recommended,536220,31925435,Posted: 23 May,all,AL-QaNNa9,Not recommended
,Recommended,536220,32070085,Posted: 30 May,all,Ggthb,"Based on the ending.. pretty sure season 4 is also coming maybe move into the BIGGER cities?Clementine maybe fully grown up 20 years in New York during Winter maybe with some happy ending where all walkers are gone, Civilisation rebuilded completely would be great.... also the new haircut at the ending is just ugly for clem..."
,Recommended,536220,32077707,Posted: 30 May,all,Spaez Poliez Cpt. Jill,"Lots of people saying bad things about this game but after playing through the story completely I can say 2 things for certain:All the people who are complaining that it's not as good as the first are correct. There is no possible way this could top the first game and no one was expecting it to. The first game was a piece of gold served on a diamon platter that will NEVER be outdone by another telltale game for as long as they live. Now the real ball breacker is deciding if it's better than the second one. This game has a way better story than the second one. However in the second game you get to play as clem and that alone ranks it high af so you could say they're tied but I feel like this was better than the second to play.Secondly, I will most definetly be playing this through again because I want to experience everything this game has to offerNow a few side notes:Get used to the word muertos, I will never approve of Gabe and PROTECT CLEMINTINE NO MATTER THE COST"
76561198000854773,Recommended,536220,32080972,Posted: 31 May,all,Oculolingus,"The Walking Dead: A New Frontier is an emotionally gripping and beautiful interactive story that enthralled me in the great storytelling and the development of the characters I grew to love through the fifteen hours it took me to beat the game, and the amount of sadness and frustration it put me through is too great to describe with words alone.The reason I found Telltale's The Walking Dead games so beautiful is because they create a sort of hopelessness that other games barely graze the surface of. Too many games let the player play as a god that can best nearly everything if the player becomes good enough at the game. The Walking Dead, however, gives a simple human that has limits that the player cannot breach. You cannot go charging into a horde of 300 zombies using only your fists and kill them all without getting so much as a scratch. Hell, the person you're given control of can barely take on five at a time without getting bitten with a weapon in their hand. Giving human limits to the player gives them a similar sense of hopelessness when they themselves encounter a stressful situation in their actual lives. Sometimes, you can't control who lives or dies. Sometimes, you can't control what someone else will say. Sometimes, you have to make a difficult decision between two groups you don't want to get on the bad side of. Sometimes, you will have to harm someone you love to arrive at the best situation. This is all similar to real life and our struggles through similar situations. A death of a family member can't always be stopped. The actions of another you cannot always control.While The Walking Dead games are not perfect in execution, they are a beautiful piece of art that has driven my emotions much farther than any other game that has given me infinite power over the game's world. And, in a world in which the vast majority of games give you said power, The Walking Dead series has always been a shining, beautiful, glimmering light that I will come back to remind myself of my limits. And, of course, experience the beautiful story once more."
76561198038471204,Recommended,536220,32123377,Posted: 2 June,all,INVU. Demons_Spphire,It was a great season and I love that who u went with changed the story. Everything was great but there were a few things that didn't go right such as: The Zombies well the ones in sight are mostly textured but the ones in the background are all hazzy and not realistic. But other then that it's a great game I did cry from time to time though. I really hope there is a season 4 to continue Clementine's story to find AJ.
,Not Recommended,536220,32143213,Posted: 2 June,all,Depraved,"Story feels very forced and unnatural, most of your choices do not matter, and the time given to the player to interact/react with the environment is often clunky and outright boring. Huge step down from the first two seasons, after this one I will probably not touch another telltale product."
,Not Recommended,536220,32143555,Posted: 2 June,all,A FAT BITCH ON TINDER,"*If you're wondering about my time spent in the game; I played most of it offline whilst traveling.*Spoilers I guess, if you actually careI no longer have any faith in Telltale to produce a compelling interactive story. They very quickly and easily disregarded a great number of the decisions you made in season 2. As for the characters in this one; obviously I've always got Clementine's back so thats a given, Tripp was pretty cool(also ♥♥♥♥ you Telltale for that stupid♥♥♥♥♥ultimatum cause if you pick the girl; Tripp lives but prob ends up hating your guts for not picking him)and so was Jesus, but by the end of it I resented virtually everyone. I tried to not mess around with Kate for most of the game but at some point I realized I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and went balls deep.If you get this game give no ♥♥♥♥♥ to what anyone thinks about your decisions because they're all emotionally cartoonish caricatures of how real people actually act. I'm gonna play through it again and be the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥possible cause ♥♥♥♥ most of these characters. If you let yourself be a punching bag that everyone can use to scapegoat and blame the circumstance of a situation on; you'll get a reasonably good ending. That is if you go for booty over David. But they do make you feel kinda bad for him in the end, bad like how you felt for Kenny, but even less so as he's inferior to even Kenny. Just a stupid lunatic who has some good in him. No true brother would say all that completely spiteful and hateful♥♥♥♥♥♥to you, abusive as ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥ em.tl;dr: Go for booty"
,Recommended,536220,32182546,Posted: 4 June,all,Ɛleven,Different from the previous seasons. Great story though.80/100
,Recommended,536220,32263619,Posted: 8 June,all,Sector',"David:""Got kicked out of baseball, cant play dominoes, what exactly are you good at Javi?""Me: Stealing your wife﻿"
,Recommended,536220,32276083,Posted: 8 June,all,Tammiej,"I had serious doubt when I bought the game. I'm a true Telltale lover and Walking Dead lover.When it was on sales I finally bought it and I played the five seasons right away.Out of other reviews I read you don't get to play Clementine and choices are... well not really choices.I have to say, I loved the game. I did. Although the story was a bit cliché somehow it sucked me into it.The story they developed with Clementine was my favorite part. You get to see what she has been through in the past years and it gets to you. I would give my life over and over again for Clementine.+ Story+ Clementine (you get to play parts of her past)- It took only 7 hours to complete the game :(- A bit cliche--> It's the perfect game to buy in Summersales. :)"
76561198079439900,Not Recommended,536220,32561048,Posted: 19 June,all,Literal black cube,"javi why did you not follow up on any of my wifes sexual advances IM GUNNA KILL YOU!!!!SPOILERSdumb story that should be about clemintine but isnt. Most of the characters are boreing or nothing like tripp whos just ""a guy"" or mariana who's just ""a bullet sponge"". The villian lady who I cant even remeber her name is♥♥♥♥♥♥and a million times worse than any villian in any other walking dead. Carver was a ruthless and cunning, yet not totally evil villian. Norma from michonee was a villian of circumstance that just happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time and have a♥♥♥♥♥♥brother. if the story was better I would have sided with her. The new Villian is just evil woman that murders because ""its for the greater good"" or whatever. Most of Javi's family is ♥♥♥♥en boreing or poorly handled like mariana who was nothing but a corpse, Kate who the writers forced you to like even though I didn't want to, Gabriel who is just teen angst and never gets any time to really talk with the main character, and David who was pritty intersting but ends up fighting you for litterally no reason besides for the writers to say ""hay does this fight look familiar"" which was dumb. The fight could have been good if we got to know the characters in it for more than a season, you know like they did with KENNY!!!However the game wasnt all bad. Jesus was cool, even though he was just a mary sue. the new clemintine is hot as ♥♥♥♥, but they ruin it at the end with the♥♥♥♥♥♥hipster haircut, and the parts where we play as her were some of my favorite. however the only reason I preferd the clem parts was because thats what i thought i was going get when I first bought the game, A STORY ABOUT CLEMINTINE!! The only other thing I really liked was Javi's father in one of the flash backs. THough he only gets minutes of screen time I ended up likeing him more than most of the other characters mentioned thus far, he's wise, he's happy with his life, and he really feels like a person thats been through alot in his life.Overall it felt like this whole game was a filler story for the walking dead seires. nothing felt like it matterd and nothing does matter by the end. The game wassnt focused on making a good story so much as it was more focused on captureing nostalga from the first two seasons by making clem teach Gabriel her way for killing zombies, trying to emulate the fight at the end of season two, and many other misc things that would make a player go ""OHH YA I REMEBER THAT!!"" I hope in the next game were back to playing clem and not messing with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ side stories. Cause in the end, what really made this game feel so hollow for me was that I as a player didnt feel like the character. I was forced to feel like Javi, a character that already had a set personality from the start. Where as when playing clem in season two or lee in one, I was the character. I desided there personality with my choices. They werent pre made for me like in this game.TL/DR this game is bad and made me realise that the walking dead michonee wassnt as bad as I thought it was. Cause even that was better than this.10/10 best be called a ♥♥♥♥ up by your brother game ever."
,Recommended,536220,33858783,Posted: 28 July,all,DSW 1 9 9 2,"My specs: core i7 6700k, gtx 1080 ti, ddr4 32 gb ram.CONS:Randomly crash,Visual black line glitch,Confusing decisions makingPROS:Thanks God it had auto save before the app randomly crashGood graphic (despite the visual glitch)Clementine's back!REMEMBER! This game have A Multiple endings where your decisions THAT YOU PICK since the EPISODE 1 WILL AFFECT which endings you DESERVED ; BEWARE!I'll give it : 7/ 10 score ""grab it, its not that bad"""
,Recommended,536220,34296410,Posted: 16 August,all,TekNeil,"Let me just say...Season one and two of Telltales The Walking Dead:""THE best thing I have played, seen.....experienced.""Season three (A new frontier) is very, very good! But it doesn't have the same 'feeling' somehow.Why not...Don't get me wrong, this is a great installment of TWD series. If you enjoyed seasons 1 and 2, then I'm confident that most will enjoy this.The characters I have no issue with at all, thankfully you still come across some great ones. Some 'really' great ones in fact. You may love them, hate them or be on the fence about them. But there WILL be at least a few that you will appreciate and feel like you know their personality, great personalities they are too.So...Great characters.The story as it unfolds? Well that's good too. It has become a little more focused on surviving the elements and fellow human being rather than being all out Walker war, and that's great. You still feel immersed and are often left wondering what's coming next.I think it 'just' falls short of seasons 1 and 2 simply because the story although still good, is a little more fragmented, with a little more going on. While some may see that as a positive thing, I just see it as a 'shift' or 'change' that somehow feels different, not necessarily a bad thing, just not quite season 1.Seasons 1 and 2 both mastered the art of leaving me wanting more, wondering what will come next. Season 3 did fall a little short in this area for me. It felt a little too much like an 'ending' rather than an unfinished story.Saying that, as season 4 is now in the making, I bet most of us are reminiscing over how season 3 (A new frontier) left our characters. The variation at the end of this season has no doubt been brought back into our thoughts, so although it felt like an ending...We are now pondering over how things will proceed.Fingers crossed season 4 will at least match up to season 3, here's hoping it matches the original and best - season 1.Game conclusion...If you love immersive story based RPG's then you will love The Walking dead in its entirety. If you enjoyed season 1, then you can't not buy into the following seasons.YouTube WalkthroughI have created a full and complete playlist of Seasons one, two and three on YouTube. There is no commentary as I believe this type of game deserves the full attention that any film/movie would get.Episode 1.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zEfq61B9yQEpisode 2.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MI9s4-1iuY0Episode 3.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uye3YngSzicEpisode 4.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gKCm8rxcYYEpisode 5.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBgCgGNo5rkFull playlist of Seasons 1, 2, 3.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLi9um_klVzqRugs13oXfVqZab1rzg7glwI can not wait for Season 4 of Telltales TWD! :-D"
76561198014024811,Recommended,536220,34692924,Posted: 2 September,all,Nirav,To me the story was not as gripping as in its precursors but still a good game. If you are a fan of Telltale Game its defintifly worth it.
,Recommended,536220,35009673,Posted: 16 September,all,DakshinaKali,"The story starts off a bit slow, but you warm up to the characters eventually... Except forKate. Kate can go suck a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Of all the irresponsible, pushy, annoying, hypocrite,... And TellTale pushes you into some sort ofbogey romance with herwhich you can not really escape from becauseKate just keeps latching onto you.In the end, if you've made the right choices, you can get some slight justice out ofnot shooting her, but that's about it.But anyway, I did enjoy the story, even though it would have been nice to see more of Clem, and trying to continue being a decent human being was sometimes surprisingly difficult. Good job Telltale, not their Best Job Ever (I know they can do better and I hope they will in the sequel) but it will do.8/10, would team up with Clem again."
,Recommended,536220,28726585,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RainbowLox,"Glad to report after episode 1 made me shed some tears and episode 2's borderline amazing ending. that telltale are back in full form. i can't wait for more, keep it up!"
76561198106940224,Not Recommended,536220,29483943,Posted: 25 January,all,MIKEEDEEE,"The story is good, but it is very short. It isn't worth $$. I should have used my funds for RE7! Also, it seems that my choices are erased every time I start a new episode. :/"
76561198101250786,Recommended,536220,31905817,Posted: 22 May,all,Jakeseeds,I don't normally write reviews but the amount of hate this game is getting is undeserved. May not be as good as seasons one and two but still very good and worth playing.
76561198091945959,Recommended,536220,32078508,Posted: 30 May,all,Sam980,Really hard to give this a solid review A New Frontier is not as good as season 1 or 2 I also don't like playing as Javi and wish they did not age clem so much. But overall while the plot has weak points its definitely worth getting. Episode 4 is definitely one of the weaker episodes but its not terrible and it makes up for it in my opinion at the end. Episode 1 and 5 were by far the best episodes for me. Episode 1 focused on introducing the main protagonist family and his life. Episode 5 was a great conclusion hopefully next season we can play as Clem instead of having her as a secondary character. Javier is not bad but it doesnt feel the same as playing as Clem or Lee. it makes this feel more like its a spinoff of Clementines story. (Also Javi and his family drama is great like flirting with you're sister in law and then realizing your brother is still alive and having to deal with how that turns out.
76561198260344758,Recommended,536220,32079333,Posted: 30 May,all,Maverick,"I lowered my expectations for season three, I was hoping I would end up crying at the end just like with 1 & 2I teared up a bit when Javiers brother diedbut I didnt feel as much as an impact. Some of the choices are easy choices and over 90% of people choose them but still has choices that are hard to make. I like how during the story you progress clementines personality for the next game which is confimed at the end of season 3 that there will be a season 4.Overall rating 7.5/10"
76561198083954161,Recommended,536220,32207594,Posted: 5 June,all,arvigeus,"You can enjoy this game if:- You don't mind Clementine taking a back seat. Now she is a support character. Overall this is a good decision.- You don't expect season 1's emotional ride. This season is its own thing with different topics and goals. Maybe a bit better than season 2, because this time there is a clear direction.- You don't mind if choices are mostly fluff and won't change the story. Don't expect much.- You don't mind the sometimes bizarre script and often having to deal with poorly written situations. Especially in the last episode.- Obvious outcomes / deaths are not such a big problem for you.Overall: 6.5 / 10 (worth having on discount)"
,Recommended,536220,32232682,Posted: 6 June,all,Flicker,"Still very good! Although I've had quite a few crashes, I still recommended this!"
,Recommended,536220,32497610,Posted: 17 June,all,LadyLeah,"""Legacy, Javier. It's all anyone leaves behind.""Loved TWD1 and TWD 2. This story was, okay, at best. And with so many forgettable characters. Or annoying ones, take your pick. There's sooo many.At least Clem's back. Well, sort of.Overall, the usual TellTale game but with a subpar storyline. Only get it when it goes on sale; it's worth it at a minimum of 50% off. It's only 7-hour long, so not too much time wasted if all you wanted to do is to play a continuation to TWD2.My Rating: 6/10"
76561198158207411,Not Recommended,536220,33348145,Posted: 7 July,all,giant big banana,1.5/10 for not being clem at the start and end of the game and because JESSUS is in the game also dont tie him up ALWAYS trust him :)
,Recommended,536220,33615778,Posted: 17 July,all,xℲoʞʞɐ⊥,Awesome stroy
76561198112951016,Not Recommended,536220,33645475,Posted: 18 July,all,Jer Jer Bonks,"Excluding Clementine and AJ, I wish Negan were here to brutalize every trashy character in this game"
,Not Recommended,536220,33884211,Posted: 29 July,all,Brahlam,I'm glad that I bought this season in a sale. After the mediocre Batman and Game of Thrones I decided to wait for TT games to be available in Full and in sale. The writing in this season is afwully dull. No big surprises and some of the more emotional scenes play like they just checked a box and not like it fit the story. Hope that Telltale will get back to better writing. Season 1 and even Season two of walking dead were much better and Borderlands was with out a doubt genius! Sad that they cant keep up the quality with all their releases.
,Not Recommended,536220,34245257,Posted: 14 August,all,TheFantasyHero,"Yo Telltale, I'll pay ya another 25 bucksto give me a gun, so I can finish Javi/Gabe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.bcz I'm coolThanksfor screwing the Gameplay, aside from the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shallow story.TelltaleI srysly loveto fakyou by now"
,Not Recommended,536220,29533697,Posted: 27 January,all,Bernard Montgomery,My Clementine became triggered as the story progressed.Nuff' said.
,Not Recommended,536220,30290017,Posted: 2 March,all,dee devlin,"the walking dead new frontier is the best game i have ever laid my eyes on, From the beautiful storytelling to the compelling characters i loved every minute of the new dude Javier and i also love that they make clementine secondary character because she was♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10"
76561198245236170,Recommended,536220,30859067,Posted: 31 March,all,BURRITO CAT,"A great game in the drawn style. Beat all the parts and they were all gorgeous 10/10 and for me it was something unforgettable to see the fish adult Clementine in this part. The game deserves its 10 points and there is nothing to say. But there is not a big problem with the output of the seasons, as a player the past 1 and season 2 of the trilogy after waiting for (1-2) months will remember the story and the characters ' names so that the need to accelerate the release of seasons what would be the memory of something left ,and not counting the time you'll be fine."
76561198034465781,Recommended,536220,30807534,Posted: 28 March,all,CallmeMAck,"New character to play. Clem is on it. Story seems good so far... on and on Game its good as usual with TellTale game style all over the place 8/10This is the first and last time i buy a telltale game ""by chapters"" If you want a real advice on it. Wait until its ""all out"" and buy it (on sale if possible) and enjoy the full story not with this cliffhangers of months before continuing the story."
,Recommended,536220,30862547,Posted: 31 March,all,G4mm4,"So, I'm pretty sad that we got a new protagonist. Clem continues to be part of the story, however I was really looking forward to playing her :v(Story so far is ok, graphics seem to be a bit off at times but it's Telltale, literally 0 expectations in that area.Alright game I guess, 6/10."
76561197962277317,Not Recommended,536220,32145451,Posted: 2 June,all,power,"Still better than the ending of the GoT TT game but not much better.A lesson in how to be a one hit wonder - Season 1 was amazing everything else, not so much."
,Recommended,536220,32163173,Posted: 3 June,all,Gayische,"So I HAD to recommend this game after seeing all the negative reviews. Everyone is entitled to their own taste, but personally I really enjoyed this season. WAY more than season 2.In s2, it was really difficult to like anyone. It seemed like no matter what you did, everyone would still hate you, constantly backstab, bicker and kill each other off, and blame YOU, a child, for making bad decisions, then selectively decide whether or not you were mature enough to make those decisions depending on the weather outside. Clem was routinely isolated from people she had built relationships with, until the writing felt stale and cyclical (meet new person, angry distrust, some closeness, then death) and I constantly found myself thinking: why should I care about these people? I was very worried that s3 was going to be an exact repeat of that formula.In s3, we get a fresh start with a new main character. I love Clem, so I was initially hesitant when I heard about telltale's decision. Now I think it was exactly what this series needed to get interesting again. Javier has a history. Javier has a family with a complicated dynamic that feels very real to me (some moments of love, some moments of dysfunction). Javier has baggage, and some of the drama that pops up has been building for years, even before the zombie outbreak. You, as Javier, have an automatic reason to care about what happens to the people around you.Javier himself is interesting and imo, comes with a pre-existing personality. Some people may dislike this for the role-playing aspect, but personally I think it results in better writing. One of the major things that bothered me about s2 was how inconsistent you could be playing Clem: in the same conversation, you could easily fluctuate between a stoic, emotionless murderer and an immature child. That kind of openness also tends to break the illusion of choice very quickly when vastly different choices result in the exact same reactions from people (sometimes, reactions that even claim you made the other choice). Javier has a personality, he exists as his own character, and you just get the opportunity to watch how his story unfolds.Your choices mostly matter in the sense that they give you different scenes to play out. If you’re expecting more than that then you aren’t going to be happy with any telltale game. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Pros:-New, interesting character with his own story-Clem remains a main character (occasionally playable)-You can pick decisions made in s1-2-Voice acting-Graphics-Comic book character cameos-You can say “♥♥♥♥ you” to a helicopter-You can flirt with gay JesusCons:-Forced romance-Not as long as previous seasons (took me ~8-9 hours)-LOTS of animation glitches, especially in ep3I would highly recommend playing seasons 1-2 before you play this one, firstly because they’re both enjoyable but also because it gives you a lot of context, especially s2."
,Recommended,536220,32228753,Posted: 6 June,all,Fantastic Mr Foxy,"i really liked that season, the end is a bit downer because i thought it would be the last season.they step up the quality of graphics.i for my part i liked the charactersi would give a 7/10, not the best seasons, a bit short but a lots of fun for people who follow the series since season one,"
76561198027225910,Recommended,536220,32238717,Posted: 7 June,all,MID ONLY,"Biggest fan of WD in s1 and s2, read all the negative reviews, decided to not buy it until it's on sale, regretted to not buy it straight away (bought it in discount). I shouldn't have read all those♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews, even though it's shorter than previous seasons, but the gameplay is good and the graphics are good. 9/10 star for me.PS: don't ever read negatives review or you will regret to not play it sooner like me"
76561197992271875,Recommended,536220,32661125,Posted: 22 June,all,t0rp0r,"To me this game, even with its flaws, is a solid addition to TWD Telltale Games franchise. Some of the choices seem limited but then as you reach the end of the game you find out that everything you've done has contributed to the characters' fates in one way or another."
,Not Recommended,536220,32949493,Posted: 28 June,all,SMOKEY,"I know I shouldn't leave a bad comment just because they killed Kenny just like this, but who cares, they really shouldn't have killed Kenny just because it's an easy way to do. So ♥♥♥♥ it, it's not a bad game, but I don't recommend it."
76561198038401792,Recommended,536220,33051700,Posted: 30 June,all,Spuddy,"The Walking Dead: A New FrontierThe 3rd installment into The Walking Dead game series and a great one at that.The game has a compelling story that constantly asks ''should I have done that?'' or ''what if I done this ect''.I have never played a Telltale game that has actually given me so many endings to play with making me want to replay it over 5 times now trying to get the best ending possible for me.The Game acts more like a building block for Clem in the next adventure, how ever I think it's still a great game in itself. The game has everything from Betrayal and Love to Death and Murder and obviously compelling characters/story which you'd expect in a game based on The Walking Dead and made by Telltale.I love the idea of being able to end the game how I want. Obviously still within limits! How ever personally I felt I had much more choice compared to older games. Hopefully someone I saved ect wont just die in a cheesy car crash next season though. It feels like my decisions mattered more in this compared to its counter parts in the series.I really Enjoyed how Clem was woven into this other family's story and hope this isn't the last we see of who ever we saved or didn't for that matter.The Only thing that really annoyed me about this game was the removal of the rewind story button. Instead you're forced to play over an hour and the entire chapter again when maybe you only wanted to alter the last 5 mins of that chapter.All in all I have to recommend this game to anyone that's a fan of telltale and of the walking dead. I will say if you don't like your ending play it again and do things differently and you might have a different opinion on the game then you did before. Personally I feel on my first play through I played the game close to what I consider being the best ending.On my second go how ever I didn't enjoy it as much as the ending didn't feel right. I would suggest if that is the case try to either play the game again, taking your time to figure out what else you could do differently to get a ''better'' ending or look at a guide on steam that explains it all to you (how to get which ending) i advise using a guide after your 3rd go as without the rewind button it can be very fustrating (TRUST ME)."
,Recommended,536220,33332710,Posted: 6 July,all,Invisible Man,"While a fun game i think this particular incarnation had some issues. Most notably to me the story telling and choices felt forced or linear compared to other seasons or other telltale games. Quite often i made choices or stayed loyal to a character with my dialog and choices only to find myself in some forced dialog sometime later that didn't really match my gameplay or expectations so far. There seemed to also be a real lack of puzzles here too..I did however enjoy the new characters and family relationships. Having clem as a side character is the right approach, push her story along but ultimately give gamers something else.Hands down my favourite character was Tripp even if a little one dimensional. His voice acting and character just seemed cool to me and having him on my side felt good. Ultimately alot of the characters didn't feel fleshed out, i think Tripp told me i'm the boss pretty shortly after i'd been ruining his life. But yea i'd easily play a game of his life before bumping into Javier.Another good additional to the walking dead tell tale games and worth the time just don't expect the level of detail and polish as the others."
76561198278737219,Recommended,536220,33797292,Posted: 25 July,all,MasterThief_117,"There is a lot wrong with how the story was handled in the beginning, and I do understand a lot of everyones pain. I'm not overlooking that by any means, but aside from Kenny, and the fact that there was little exploration or control of what's happening. The game had a very dynamic story to where it felt as if my choices actually mattered 90% of the time and had me emotionally gripped about almost every situation and most characters. I personally didn't care for the walking dead season 2, and I felt that this hit it out of the park with my expectations coming from the first episode and the previous installment. I would definitely say that this might not be for everyone, considering that this game deals with family much more, as well as romantic inclinations of multiple characters. But to me it's a little bit more realistic and engaging than people who sociopathicly display emotions to each other if not at all. There is room to improve on the gameplay, but other than that I believe that the story more than compensates for the lack of exploration, which was only slightly present in previous iterations any way."
,Recommended,536220,33989217,Posted: 3 August,all,Technomancer,i love every single of the game's series
,Recommended,536220,28581677,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Purotekutā,"Im so happy that Teltale finaly released the sequel to their award winning franchise, The Walking Dead. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoyed The Walking Dead Season 1 or 2, It's better then Michone I can say that much! ;3"
76561198106992947,Recommended,536220,28583009,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,HarBer,This game feels like a soap opera simulator.
76561198036016971,Recommended,536220,28607431,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Raggex,"One word, AMAZING ! <33"
76561198022106922,Recommended,536220,28623363,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sposhi,This another great game by Telltale. If loved Seaseons 1 & 2 you will love this. It still has Clem so that should be enough to make you buy it.I recomeded to any walking dead fan
,Recommended,536220,28724490,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Suvimaster8,"This review is only for the first two episodes.Episode one: 10/10Episode two: 10/10I've been waiting years for this game. I've been looking at my calendar, longing for Telltale's next heartbreaking story about Clementine. The day finally came and I bought the game the second I woke up. I downloaded it and played it immediately. Here's how I feel so far about the game.The story is fantastic. Javi is somehow one of the best characters in the series and it's the third season of the game. I love his interactions with his family and Clem and I can't wait to see more. The supporting cast (Javi's family, Trip, Eleanor) are all very well written as well, all with very human emotions. We've spent the two previous stories immersed in Clem's world and it's interesting to see it from a new person's perspective and a new person's priorities. As the game progressed, I was more and more attached to characters, even after the first conflict.Honestly my only complaint is the saving system. I don't know if it's just me but the saving system broke and it didn't allow me to save at first. I had to switch from Cloud saving to just saving it on the computer I was using.I've already played through the first two episodes twice to see how the new characters work, so I can't wait for more."
76561197971087854,Not Recommended,536220,28943420,Posted: 2 January,all,"Guy ""the Flavor Führer"" Fieri","Hard to accurately judge an as-of-yet incomplete episodic game, but based upon the standard set by the previous 2 TWD games from TellTale, this one is mediocre at best (and I'm trying my best to glean anything positive).I was a bit skeptical about the introduction of a new protagonist, and with good reason.  The previous games introduced a group of survivors and did excellent jobs endearing them to the player.  TWD TellTale series is really about Clementine's fight for survival and struggle to understand her new world.  Sadly in this installment of the game, they've (insofar) pretty much discarded that altogether.  Clem is at best a 2nd (or, more realistically 3rd-tier) character.  None of the choices you made as her in the previous games seem to matter whatsoever (even if only subtle, arbitrary choices).  TellTale has turned Clem into just another survivor you meet along the way.  She's naturally edgy/grizzled from her years of survival, but so far in this game, she remains only that:  very one-dimensional and completely lacking any of the human/emotional nuances that made her such a brilliant and likeable character in the previous games.Javier is not a terrible protagonist, but as of the end of the 2nd chapter, I feel no connection to him or his family whatsoever.  I found myself continually doing everything I could to please Clem (although she's merely a bit player in this narrative) to the hurt of any other NPCs.  Unlike the characters in the previous games, the survival (or lack thereof) of Javier and his family is of no concern to me.And let's get this out of the way:Kenny's demise was one of the laziest bits of writing I've seen in years.  Calling it ""weak"" or ""contrived"" would be generous.  Shame on TellTale for so carelessly discarding the one character that has arguably throughout the series (perhaps even more than Lee) stood by Clem and enabled her to survive.  They couldn't even bother to dispatch him in the narrative of ANF, but instead make him a sidenote in a flashback.The chapters are (so far) notably short compared to the previous TWD TellTale games.  One hour each.If TellTale felt the need to introduce another take/slant/group of survivors in their TWD universe, Javier and his family really should have been placed in another TWD game altogether, or at least been introduced as companion NPCs in this game.To be fair, I certainly would not have expected TellTale to surpass the quality of the previous two games, but considering the amount of time between the releases of the 2nd and this one, I'm kinda disappointed and shocked that this is the best they've done.I'll wait for the subsequent chapters, and in the meantime, hope to retract this review upon their release(s)"
,Recommended,536220,29008597,Posted: 4 January,all,2MuchNaCl,"The Walking Dead 3 - a game worth buying, despite heavy critisismWARNING: THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS OF THE FIRST TWO SEASONS OF TWDWhen the third season of 'The Walking Dead' came out, it got criticised. A lot and justified. But I will briefly explain why I still absolutely recommend buying this game.But first, the big con of buying this game:The connection of this part of the 'The Walking Dead' series to the other two seasons is TERRIBLE!Telltale went by their old tactic of killing of almost all chaacters of the last season. In season 2 they killed Omid and Christa and only leaving Kenny who was brought back in the middle of the season to introduce a bunch of new characters who got 'Telltale like' killed during season 2 and only one of Clementine's friends is able to survive, or you decide on going on alone, without any side characters. But due to the fact that you were able to go on alone, Telltale was almost forced to eliminate all side characters of the last season. Partly characters who we, as players, built up a strong emotional connection to.TL;DR In season three, Telltale ignores almost all decisions we made throughout the first two seasons.So why do I still recommend buying this game? Well...CharactersWe are gifted with a bunch of well designed new characters, who are all lovable or hateable but all of them have detailed character traits and an outstanding personality. Almost all of the characters develop mentally and characters we thought would be irrelevant and disappeared, came back later throughout the story and are suddenly far more important than we thought.Clementine more or less becomes a side character in season 3 with still plenty of influence on the story and shes still as loveable as in the first two seasons! Instead, we are playing as 'Javier' the new protagonist, an interesting character who I really enjoyed playing as.GraphicsTelltale improved the graphics a lot! We are still playing in a world with wonderful cel-shading look, but this time it looks even more beautiful! The grown up Clementine looks amazing and honestly looks exactly like I wanted her to look! The Setting looks not only more beautiful, but this time is a completely different one. As the first two seasons took place in a town like surrounding, the third season takes place in a more countryside like surrounding, which is designed just fine. I really love it this way!GameplayThe gameplay in this part of the 'The Walking Dead' series is kind of different too. The motto for this part is 'Less playing, more watching'. We are certainly making more decisions during dialouges and influencing the story that way, instead of moving arround our character and shooting down hordes of zombies, even though there still are such parts. Also, we now have less 'riddle like' scenes where our character has to solve a kind of riddle (e.g. finding a ladder to move down somewhere, but to get that ladder you gotta do this and for this you gotta do that, etc.) to advance in the story. Even though many people criticise this, I like it because dialouges certainly give more oppertunity to tell a story than other kind of scenes are able to.CROWDPLAY!This is one of my favourite new things in TWD! you are now able to be given a code for your gamesave. Your friends can enter this code onTelltale.com/crowdplayon their smartphone todecide what your character says during dialouges together with you!THIS. IS. EPIC. And I had so much fun with this. You can now really play this game together with your friends!It is really a great improvement, thank you Telltale!ConclusionWell, what else is there to say? I love this game and I would recommend buying this at any time it really is worth the price! Have fun! ;)"
,Not Recommended,536220,29735186,Posted: 5 February,all,saulhdz,Totally ruined game what shame......
76561198042837543,Recommended,536220,32228356,Posted: 6 June,all,Akie,"I'm not sure why ppl bash on the main character so much just cos it's not Clem. I personally like that twist - makes you ""not always so sure"" about her. I'm so-so liking the story, absolutely feeling that my choices makes no real difference and way less actual gameplay than I thought it would be. Still, I've played the previous games and knew what to expect and I'm still liking it. Obvi not as good as the first game, but I knew that would happen. I wish they'd spent more time on interacting with people, talk to them more, get their stories and so on. As of ep3, the people I'm suppose to like; I generally don't, and the people/person I guess I should be suspicous about - They gave Garrus Vakarian voice to! I mean, c'mon! I trust him with ma life!The voice acting is really awesome, but the script is forced and down right cringey. The actors do their best, I'm sure, but it's like they don't sit the same room sometimes.Technically, I've been having a few graphic glitches, cloud sync issues, random (1) crash, audio lag/audio repeat/audio cut offs and unable to boot (solved). Javis backpack is living a life of its own for example, dragged out textures like a spear through his guts!Still, recommend this game. Picked it up on sale and I'm having a nice evening so far."
76561198072716410,Not Recommended,536220,32282174,Posted: 8 June,all,Xango,"I'm gonna be honest with you, I bought this game for Clementine. I wanted to see how her character had developed. Thankfully the Devs knew that there were many people like me, they give us plenty of good ol' Clem. I am not even gonna touch on the ""your choice matters but it really doesn't because this is a Telltale game"" issue. I have played this game for 5 hours (currently) and I have had 4 crashes. The game shouldn't be bought at its current state. Watch a youtuber play it or something. Dealing with this♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't worth it.Edit: 5 times nowEdit Number 2: Crashed on me 8 times. This game is a buggy messç Don't buy it. ♥♥♥♥ telltale"
,Recommended,536220,32759767,Posted: 25 June,all,BS Artist,"This third segment of 'The Walking Dead' has definite visual improvements over the previous two, but still suffers from inexplicable lag in some parts.Story-wise, the game starts with a brand new set of survivors who do what they gotta do to try and make it in the world. And then, BOOM! Clem's back! An older, more bad♥♥♥♥♥Clem, I might add.I felt that a couple of episodes this season were a little under-whelming, and lacked in terms of suspense and thrill.Also, again, it felt like the developers are subtlely 'directing' the course players take with regard to developing bonds with the NPCs. There is little option to build platonic relationships, and the single dominant relationship this season is romantic in nature, making it highly predictable.That being said, of course there are different courses the player could take, but it's disappointing that they don't really impact the outcomes much...Still, a great game, once again. I just hope the story is more Clem-centric next time."
,Recommended,536220,32801976,Posted: 25 June,all,OMG Deathclaw,It was pretty good... just pretty short. I'd wait on the sale.
,Not Recommended,536220,33353054,Posted: 7 July,all,MansNotHot,"Had to leave a negative review for this so that TT will take note of it. The starting of the game was pretty good with solid plot build up andClem's return. Till the mid of the game, bugs started showing I start having some weird crashes. (Had a about 2 crashes in total throughout the 5 episods, pretty bad for such non-graphic intensive title.) And the ending seriously suck balls: too rush and all of the suddenJesus appear and I thought they forgotten to introduce those dudes on horses(I was who the ♥♥♥♥ are these guys again?). And they revealedKate's deadjust like that? At least show some interactive moments when she had herlast wordor something.Anyway, still looking forward to season 4. Hope TT spend more time on QC and plot handling."
76561198170644849,Not Recommended,536220,33372071,Posted: 8 July,all,Squilliam,"*SPOILERS*First of all, the walking dead season 3 is a good game.It’s visuals are great, the voice acting is great, everything that we have come to expect from a Telltale game.But I can’t help but feel the third installation of the telltale walking dead series left something to be desired.The first walking dead game was a masterpiece, it had it’s bugs here and there as every game does but nonetheless it was a masterpiece.It was great at keeping a high level of tension even when the game had slowed down and not much was happening. The game was very good at introducing new characters and making you identify with them instantly and become very attached to them. They could throw a character at you and straight away you would care for them and be interested to see where they were going to take the story.Lee was a very strong protagonist and I feel this game gains a lot of merit due that, Lee seemed like the every man but not in a “bland” way.He didn’t seen to suffer from the problem that most point and click adventure game protagonists do where they seem incompetent.Lee did have a fleshed out back story that you wanted to learn more about.  He was set up in a way where he wanted to help everybody but due to prior convictions it made it troublesome for him to stay on everyone's good side.The walking dead season 1 was one of those games that stuck in my head for a long time after and I would continually find myself discovering hidden details and cleverly used foreshadowing that I had not noticed at the beginning.  The walking dead season 1 had a very strong story and characters.Now the second game was very much like the first game in these aspects.  I also think this game nailed the visual style of the series and the whole aesthetic (or so I remember)It also had the benefit of one of the core characters returning to become the protagonist.It was very good at hooking you in and making you want to see where the story was heading.One of the problems I found would be that in some aspects staring a child as the main character (this did made adults more threatening) made me feel more safe. I knew they would be a lot more reluctant to show a child suffer than a grown man (I was mistaken in a particular scene)There were many characters that you would be introduced to and I would instantly grow a connection to and trust them.The third game was not very strong in this aspect.  I found that many key characters that had fleshed out backstories were still lackluster at best especially towards the last two episodes.Out of everyone David would have been the closest that came to how I felt with many other characters from the previous two games. I must say this was disappointing due to how strongly I felt towards past characters.  Tripp was also an exception, I grew quite fond of him as well.Gabe is a great example; I had no connection to him, I found myself mocking most of the things he said and I couldn't take him seriously.  Now comparing him to his counter part of the other two games; Clementine, I cared for her safety and found her to be a great addition to the game, opposed to a liability.In the third game Clementine no longer seemed like a believable character, she had lost the naive ‘kid’ like attitude that made her likeable in the first place. I understand this is due to her having spent multiple years in a zombie ridden world but they made her seem unrealistic which lead to her being another bland character that I ended up not caring so much about (which was a shame thinking back to the other two games).Speaking of not caring much the so called ‘love interest’ was very unlikeable for me, I think this was mainly due to her eyes being a very bright green which made her jarring to look at. Her design was poor and she really didn’t bring anything else to the table in terms of great character development (which we had gotten so used to in the previous games)It says a lot about the game when I have to rack my brain to remember Javier's name despite finishing the game today and I had no problem remembering Lees name.Javier was very boring and seemed cliched, he has the point and click adventure game ‘blandness’, and his sentence delivery comes across as awkward and makes most situations uncomfortable.  Lee was soft spoken and talked in a slow but yet wise manner.When you don’t like the main character and you have to spend the most time with them, this hinders the experience dramatically.When I reached the end of an episode I was not busting to see where the story went, it was more a sense of relief that I could go back to playing other more enjoyable games.This is the only walking dead game I purchased while the episodes were still being released but I am pretty sure I would have been on edge waiting for the next episode to come out for the other games.The main downfall to this game would be the fact that it is the third in the franchise, causing most story threads to seem exhausted and just re-treading old ground.At the end of season 2 I was constantly researching to see news of season 3 but now I can’t say that I’m excited for season 4, which looks as if it will happen judging by the ending.I will no doubt get season 4, but my expectations will be a lot lower than they were for season 3 (which could potentially work in season 4 favour)tl;drcliched boring generic disappointment."
76561198101068479,Recommended,536220,33414735,Posted: 9 July,all,Baalmudo,"What I like- The game looks nicer than the previous 2 season , everything is more detailed but I did encounter some graphic glitches(in EP3) . You will just need to restart the game to fix it.- Overall storyline is good if you can accept the fact that your choices doesn't matter muchThings that need improvements- Side characters, I don't really care if they die but at least let them exit the scene gracefully instead of them dying because they are no longer useful- More puzzle section will be nice , currently this feels more like a VN then an adventure game.- Sluggish movement controls , will be nice if the run button actually makes him run instead of just walking a bit faster.- Less advertising of your other games , we all know about them and don't need to be reminded after every episodes.OverallI will still recommend the game , especially if you have played the previous ones.It is a short 8hrs story/game with not much in terms of replayability.If you are not in a rush , just wait to buy it during the sales."
,Recommended,536220,33439692,Posted: 10 July,all,Zenith,"If you have not played Season 2 of The Walking Dead I would suggest to look at my review about it as this can contain spoilers. As well if you haven't played Season 1 go read my review on that. Season 3 is totally worth it, especially if you are a fan of Clementine. You do not play as her in this one and she is sorta of a side character but we all know she's not to us. This story is wonderful and it has a little suprise at the end of episode 5 so be happy for that."
76561198169319145,Recommended,536220,33529526,Posted: 13 July,all,☠Duke_The_Stranger☠,Great game but not worth more than $15 only buy if it's on sale I done everything in the game and only have 10 hours in it.
76561198065367976,Not Recommended,536220,33808035,Posted: 26 July,all,FrostyDog,"Okay, so i'm gonna be honest here. this review is my thoughts on the story and how it all played out, so spoliers.First off,The story feel like a complete filler, I see no correlation from season 2 to 3, other than the flashbacks of clemintine with kenny and that other girl i forgot her name, they killed them off so quick. No sad ending or anything, just a. *oh, like these characters, well we're gonna hang her and kill him in a car crash* Basiclly. And don't even get me started on how I first got this game, It took me 30 minutes to play the actuall game as it would start as a white screen and nothing else, I had to go to MY OWN SETTINGS and set my screen resolution to 1080p, and not in the game, for it to run properly. And has to do this everytime.Second,This game was very short, like. VERY SHORT, 7 hours. (thats half hour was trying to get the game working) compared to the other games, season 1 was 15~ hours, and season 2 was 13~ hours I think, and this game was ONLY 7HOURS. Which supports the fact how this feels like a filler.ThirdUnlike any other telltale, you LITTERLY have no choice in things, you can tell how the other way can go if you look just a little longer, and how you can save 1 character and kill the other, you can tell how the other character would've died if you picked the other option and vice-versa. And when david was being freed from the hanging, he still had to go for the gun and f*ck everything up. creating that ""suspensful ending"" to season 3. SURE LETS ACT LIKE WE KILLED OUT LOVER AND BRING HER BACK THE NEXT SEASON, ONLY TO KILL HER WHEN YOU MAKE ONE CHOICE AND THEN THE OTHER SAVE EVERYONE LIKE WHAT THE F*CKFourthContinued from the last bit of third, when you have the choice of gabe or kate, looking it up, if you choose to go with kate, only david dies, and you get laid, I choose gabe because he's a brat and I wanted to save him, david dies, gabe shoots him we go back. And all of a sudden kate's gone? what!? No sad ending, or goodbye, just a *ohyeahshededlel* I mean telltale isnt really good with sad deaths, so no suprise there. and now I have to go back and play for two more hours to get the better ending, cause I wanna get laid with kate cause she t h i c cFith (oh no im not done complaining)There were so amny bugs with the game, one in the 2nd episode, were you find kate in the car alone, you can see in a 2 second cut you see clem in the back, then it tranfers, then it tranfers again, only to see gabe? k And after being season 2 I got heavy glitches with Javi, his character was everywhere restarting the game wasnt fixing it, so I put the game down and forgot about it. Ended up doing a quick redo of episode 2, and suprise suprise. The clem glitch was never patched. The game was rushed and was poorly optimized tooSixth (I'm an entited little prick and I'm gonna say all the mean things i want cause im a keyboard warrior and I can say what I want when I want)Game was rushed, A lot, episode 1 & 2 came out at the same time, being one hour each, then we had to wait liek 3 and a half months for episode 3, when the game was forgetten (for me anyhow) Only to see episode 3 was an hour and a half. ok? maybe the others will be longer. Few months later. episode 4, 1 1/2 hours. OK? maybe it'll be some huge finally a couple hours long?NOPE ITS NOT 1 1/2, its 2 hours. WOW 30 minutes more, what a deal! $25 for 7 hours of content!But the onething thatreallypisses me ofis that they had the curdasyso add in the end""clemintimes story will continue""are you really gonna make a season 4, sure ill wait 4 more  years to buy a game, for $25 with only 7 hours of content. YAY CAPITALISM AT ITS FINEST.Summary of this entire summary, Don't buy it, just watch a non commentary video about the entire game.And before everyone goes ""OH OH YOU DIDNT FINISH 1 & 2 YOU DONT KNOW EHHHEHEHEHE PLAY THOSE FIRST YOURE FAT AND GAY LOLOLOLOL"" I played both 1 & 2 on console, cause I was a 12 year old console peaseant, Now i'm a 14 year old pc peasent...Don't buy this game, just watch it online, trust me you'll get the same effect"
76561198094474010,Recommended,536220,34376831,Posted: 20 August,all,MAVERICK,Such a great movie! :DI love Clementine ♡
76561198066987817,Recommended,536220,34393121,Posted: 21 August,all,OhHoNo,"Quick Summary:Despite it's many flaws, I still had fun with it.It's by no means as good as the last two, but it was still a regular Walking Dead game with all the same gameplay gimicks and tricky choices.I wouldn't play it if you're especially interested in character growth and development. Mainly, it elaborates on the world and introduces new factions. Some aspects were fun and enjoyable, whilst others were underwhelming. In general, it wasn't a bad game, as it certainly did have it's moments. Although when compared to the other two, it does fall flat.Pros:-- Environments look great-- The new main protagonist, Javi, is all good in my book-- Clementine's story gets more development-- Great voice acting as always-- The story, although silly at times, is still fun-- All round enjoyable to play, overallCons:-- Characters often act stupidly in situations-- Their actions are sometimes really unrealistic-- Most of the characters who die aren't given enough screentime/development beforehand-- SOME deaths were a complete pisstake, but I won't spoil anything-- Important NPCs die/have their stories conclude not based on your decisions, but because the plot just says so-- Some aspects of the story became confusing, especially around chapter 3 and 4.-- Underdeveloped villains-- Clem is unlikable for the most part"
,Recommended,536220,34397016,Posted: 21 August,all,Anh Alexander,"While it doesn't quite live up to it's predecessors, A New Frontier is still a solid TellTale game.One of my annoyances with the game was the advertisements for other TellTale games between episodes."
76561198142455632,Recommended,536220,29115784,Posted: 8 January,all,lmtdeptrai,"The Walking Dead: A New Frontier continues the story of survivors in the post-apocalypse, again stressing the moral choices and virtues that characters struggle to maintain as the world goes to hell around them. While it keeps the various elements that make The Walking Dead great, such as non-linearity, emphasis on player agency, it is somewhat lacking in the narration and character development. It leaves much to be desired.If you are a true TWD fan, go for it! There are still three episodes left for the developers to compensate for the mediocre first two. If you are not, there are other games for you!"
76561198089843111,Recommended,536220,31598400,Posted: 7 May,all,Wieprz Wpieprz,Pros:+ ClementineCons:- Gabe- Gabe- And maybe Gabe
,Not Recommended,536220,32085027,Posted: 31 May,all,PinchMeADurrie,"10/10 would recommend, Episode 5 constantly crashing for me ^_^"
,Recommended,536220,32087801,Posted: 31 May,all,Ghost Ninja,sry everyone but i love this game and i can't wait for the next one yeah sometimes i hate it but it will always bring me back with LOVE OF CLEMENTIME!!!!
,Recommended,536220,32106916,Posted: 1 June,all,MisterPhillthy,"It's more Walking Dead which is great, but it is also easily the weakest of the mainline Telltale Walking Dead games."
,Recommended,536220,32305104,Posted: 9 June,all,0range Juice,I absolutely loved seasons 1 and 2 of The Walking Dead Telltale series. This one was still amazing to play all the way to the end. It was especially worth the buy for me as I just HAD to find out how Clementine's story continues after season 2's many endings. It's a great buy if you also feel the same about season 2's endings.I definitely recommend A New Frontier to any fans of Telltales previous walking dead seasons.
,Recommended,536220,32411371,Posted: 14 June,all,Bobman!,Feels bad man the ending makes me want to cry :(
,Not Recommended,536220,33571531,Posted: 15 July,all,COCK,betrayed
,Not Recommended,536220,33704834,Posted: 21 July,all,ι¢кℓє,"They´re kidding us  right now, don´t they? I expected a lot of more from this game. It doesn´t compare to the first two seasons; they added new useless charakters, Clem is just a side character, we just get a few flashbacks about Kenny/Jane and so on.. We get almost no informations about the new faces, so we don´t rly care if one of them dies. The only good thing here is that I don´t have to cry like a baby every 10 minutes while playing it. :'DWell, it´s not that terrible, but it´s not good either. It´s not worth it to pay for it, that´s all."
,Not Recommended,536220,34028446,Posted: 4 August,all,AssassinGlasgow,"TWD S3 Is the third installment into Telltale's TWD series. However, there were several changes that it did that sets it apart from the first two seasons, including the choices and the graphical style.In S3 we follow Javier and his family and friends rather than Clem, though we do eventually encounter Clem. The characters in this season  had stronger backstories and reasonable motivations for their actions. Compared to S1 and S2, I understand why some characters reacted as they did. Some characters died as a reaction of a choice made, compared to having died because that's what would have happened anyways. Character growth also occured, and I found it to be more succinct in this season, rather than having it span two or more seasons (save for Clem), though it only happened to a few characters. I think this season benefitted from having a smaller relationship focus as the drive for most of the group; had there not been a focused relationship and conflict between two brothers, I think this season would have been similar to S2. Overall it had a stronger plot than S2. However, despite having said that, the game suffers the same way S2 suffered with characters: that is, there are not many compelling characters to begin with, compared to people in S1. The only one (aside from the main Garcia family) was probably Jesus, but he's a comic-original character and of course would be interesting.Choices this season have weight compared to S1 and S2 and it looks like TT is trying their best to truly make the games feel closer to a CYOA with different endings and situations. They are definitely improving on that, though there are some parts where they slip back into how S1 was. A character is spared in one episode, only to die in the next due to an event related scenario that you can't save them from. This is, without a doubt, really frustrating, especially if you agonized over the choice from the previous episode.While story-wise this season had stronger characters compared to S2, it was also the glitchiest of all the games, and the art style changed compared to S2 and S1, invoking a strange combination of realism and comic book. I personally did not find that very appealing, but you do get used to it after a while of playing. It seemed like there was less care when it came to animation or cinematrography of the season. Many animations were stiff and unnatural, and for a game touted as the third season, it reminded me a lot of how S1 was. Furthermore, music sometimes cut in and out or reduced in volume unexpectedly at a specific cue (like cutscenes).Finally, a big focus and draw of these games is Clem, and her story. Unfortunately, Clem seemed more of an after thought in this season, rather than her role and significance in S1 or S2. This season's story was mainly focused on Javier and his family, with a random encounter with Clem. Personally, I would have liked it if this was perhaps the second season's story, rather than the third, as it kills the progression of Clem's character. We get that Clem is supposed to be battle-hardened this season, but I think it would have been better if we got to play as her for the third season, thus ending her arc. Now that TT has announced the final season with season 4, it seems like Javier's story could have easily been nixed and Clem's ending moved a season up.Overall, it's a solid game, but the worst of the three seasons for glitches and bugs. Writing wise it's similar to S2. It in no way captures the magic of S1, but I think that's because how we felt playing as Lee isn't here in this season. Hopefully, in season 4, we will be able to feel a sense of satisfaction as we end Clem's arc, as this season does nothing for her character aside from a few minor things.Unfortunately, because of that, I'm not sure I can give it a recommendation, unless you want to experience Javier's story. I came in expecting more of Clementine's story and having that mixed with Javi's, but I mostly got Garcia feuding and a dash of Clem and AJ. It's not a bad game, more along the ""it's ok"" side, but I had slightly different expectations for the direction it was going in as a Telltale TWD game.I highly recommend getting it on sale, as getting it full-priced isn't worth it, especially if you are looking into more progression of Clem's story. It's not a bad game, but not something that you absolutely need for season 4, I feel."
76561198036662065,Recommended,536220,28507737,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hashash,Better than I thought it would be.No spoilers.
,Recommended,536220,28491907,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,@lex,"i love the game so far,instantly downloaded when it came availableI rate 10/10"
,Recommended,536220,28615461,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Quizan,"Another for Telltale's finest.Great array of characters, amazing story as always and I am enjoying the increased interactive motions and extra dialogue. Nothing I bad I can say about this title. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,30721728,Posted: 25 March,all,Kagari,What's the point of releasing a not even half-completed game?
,Not Recommended,536220,28612926,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sack-of-Bonbons,"Same as all other negative reviews, choices don't matter, characters do stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ choices from prior games don't matter, episodes are far too short legnthwise, you don't get your money's worth."
76561197996972957,Not Recommended,536220,28497522,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,sir Evans,"TL:DR;Ok, if this is supposed to give us a satisfying conclusion to the story then clearly someone is out of their mind. This was supposed to be the best part, directed by some famous Hollywood dude. And we get exactly what we feared - cheap, reused, Hollywood crap story line with crazy fanatic psychos and poor good guys who have their asses handed to them.And ""Oh my God! They killed Kenny!"" <- un-fukken-forgivable. This is Mass Effect 3 scale of disaster.Watch playthrough on YouTube, don't sponsor this with your cash! I purchased this game, so you won't have to!Review: 2/102 out of 10, 1 point for Clem, 1 point for Paul. -8 for cliché, VERY BAD story, choices being unimportant, game feeling more like run and gun. Episodes are 1h long!And for once, I would like to see the final sequel of the series stand up to the previous games.Here we have:- psycho punks fanatics- good guys being owned- fallout style scrap yard- rebelious teen with serious case of retardness- MORE hispanic heros! Where are all the asians?!?- seriously, Clem is no longer a main protagonist and we have like 1-2 years of her story skipped!- in the world, where everyone lost everyone, people still don't get their sh** together?- what band of idiots would ever want to headshot an unarmed a teen girl?!Ok, seriously now. If you are reading this and considering purchase, having played 2 previous games from the series, DON'T buy it. Watch Playthrough if you want the very poor story, but you will regret spending money on it!We get a typical B movie type drama with very short episodes, cliché to the point where it hurts. I had more fun watching Z-Nation!I am warning you!FFS, why couldn't we just get the game where we get with Kenny to Florida and have a happy ending?!What the hell is wrong with the writters these days? Are they just having some random 'lorem ipsum' plot generator with story arcs?"
76561198103334951,Recommended,536220,30424644,Posted: 10 March,all,Edna,"People keep complaining that theres less Clementine, yet they dont undertstand it's plot building for new characters... They cant just put a 24/7 camera on Clem like people want. People forget Lee was the main character in the first season and that was amazing. The story so far is great if you actually look  at it. Just because it's not focused around Clem like people want doesnt mean that she wont be in it much. Shes a main character, so expect to see more of her........"
,Recommended,536220,29159882,Posted: 10 January,all,Raidey,"Most of the negative reviews are full of very fair criticisms, but I still enjoyed these first few episodes. In fact, I like it more than season 2 so far, in that it's a bit more believable. No more ""Hey 12-year-old Clementine, start this ♥♥♥♥ing WIND TURBINE for us because you're the main character nevermind the fact that you somehow know how to start a wind turbine with no instruction"" type moments.The end of the second episode did come awfully close to jumping the shark, but overall I found the experience enjoyable overall. Oh, except for the male teen supporting character. Can't wait to get his♥♥♥♥♥killed in a future episode, hopefully."
,Recommended,536220,30070731,Posted: 20 February,all,Jason Voorhees,i think its a very cool game but you have to wait ages for the other episodes to come out but apart from that its very good.
,Recommended,536220,33128955,Posted: 2 July,all,𝗟𝗮𝘂𝗿𝗲𝗻 🌸,"Playing with my emotions againIf you want to get depressed without real life situations, I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,536220,32090539,Posted: 31 May,all,Ratel,"I don't see what all the fuss was about that lead to the negativity on this season's initial release, I didn't mind stepping into another character's shoes and experiencing their story, as far as TTG interactive movies (they're not really ""games"" anymore) go it was pretty good although there is one pretty major problem, it takes literally 1 day to complete the entire game. Not worth more than €12, -maybe- €15 at a stretch at full price. I do recommend it for fans of the series, just understand that Clementine is a supporting character similarly to season 1, I feel that this was the right step for TTG to take with the character at this point and after having played through all 5 episodes I think it's fairly obvious TTG was using this season to setup Clementine's story as the Protagonist in season 4."
76561198079346330,Not Recommended,536220,32130932,Posted: 2 June,all,Íñigo,Meh
76561198154932359,Recommended,536220,30369581,Posted: 7 March,all,Reidaa,"This game is like torture for the soul.  On one hand waiting for the next episode takes its spiritual toll.  While on the other hand, wondering if the characters you fall in love with make it out of this alive.  10/10 but please don't killkarate jesusTellTale."
,Recommended,536220,32100348,Posted: 31 May,all,Cyrus,"As a fan of games that are more about stories than anything else, this game was absolutely great. The ending of it had me in tears and I absolutely enjoyed it 100%Pros•Great Story•Powerful scenes•A feeling of connection to the characters•Powerful ambient music that ties all the scenes togetherCons•Little roaming like the first game•More chat based decisionsPersonally, I adored this game; for the story and for the emotions that fell along with itThank you TellTale, looking forward to the next Walking Dead"
,Recommended,536220,31985576,Posted: 26 May,all,Snickerdoodle,"People are clinging to season 1 and 2, and don't get me wrong, I loved them. A lot of people just can't seem to realize that this is a great, compelling, and interesting narrative game. I'm not getting tired of this series, and I think that telltale is doing a great job. I love the characters in this game, especially the garcias. After I get my hands on episode 5, I will have made up my mind for sure, but as far as I can tell, this is an amazing game receiving a lot of recent hate for stupid things. There is nothing wrong with the story. I really care about my choices, and I feel like I make a difference with every line of dialouge. This is a very good game; people are just getting worked up about dumb things. If you're considering getting this, you should, but you should definitely get season 1 and 2 first."
,Recommended,536220,29439932,Posted: 23 January,all,Takeover,"-THIS REVIEW IS, AS OF 1/23, ONLY FOR EPISODES 1 AND 2. I WILL DO MY BEST TO UPDATE MY REVIEW AS EPISODES RELEASE-Well, to start I'll say that overall I enjoyed the first two episodes. Javier, the new protagonist, is an interesting departure from Lee and Clementine, our protagonists from the previous entries in The Walking Dead series. Without spoiling much, the game starts off with Javier and his family after the outbreak and, as you could probably expect,♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan eventually.Although I've enjoyed myself through these first two episodes, there are some issues. One of them is the new engine, which I can barely get to push 60 fps on the lowest settings. I would NOT recommend this to someone with a low end PC, unless you can handle low or inconsistent FPS.It's also obvious that Telltale has made the first two episodes WAY shorter than they were before. As I write this review, episodes 1 and 2 TOGETHER took me a total of 2.7 hours to complete. In seasons 1 and 2, it'd take about two hours PER EPISODE. I hope the next episodes are much longer compared what's been given so far. Also, there are just some minor things that make it feel like the guys at Telltale don't care or have just gotten lazy. For example, the writing has gotten a bit lazier. Not bad, mind you, just not as good as Season 2 or even Season 1. Also little things like the achievements just being numbers now instead of images makes Telltale seem a bit lazier, but that doesn't effect gameplay, so I won't mark it against it.Overall I have to say, despite its shortcomings, A New Frontier has been entertaining and seems like a great addition to Telltale's Walking Dead series.-AS STATED ABOVE, I WILL UPDATE MY REVIEW AS FUTURE EPISODES RELEASE-"
,Recommended,536220,32120124,Posted: 1 June,all,Zenikay,"How dare this game make me think it's garbage for most of it and then redeem itself in the final episode with all of the wonderful heartache like w t f(...I'm noticing a lot of these bad reviews are from people who haven't completed the game? Or who haven't made satisfactory choices? Being honest here, I had to make another save and change some things I did for events to turn out better sometimes.)"
,Recommended,536220,31468384,Posted: 30 April,all,Faintsoul,Gabe is a little♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would yell at screen again.
,Recommended,536220,32076756,Posted: 30 May,all,Confused Potato,"I enjoyed this season. Much more than Season 2, in fact. The choices seem to matter much more compared to season 2 as well. Javier is an extremely likeable protagonist, and the flashbacks really flesh out him, and the rest of the family you're with for most of the game."
76561198086214810,Not Recommended,536220,32285484,Posted: 9 June,all,[FAK-A-U] Def-Zombie,"To have Kenny be a complete bad♥♥♥♥♥ to just dieing from a mistake clem made is terrible. He should of went out like a boss. The gameplay lacks everything that was in the first 2 seasons. It just seems a lot more boring, and the devs just rushed it. You could spend a lot of time in 1 episode in later seasons just by examining everything, but in this its just narrative pretty much the whole time.. epic fail TellTale BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
,Not Recommended,536220,29217555,Posted: 12 January,all,WAITOPIGGU,JUST
,Recommended,536220,30063036,Posted: 20 February,all,UltimateTobi,"Been playing TWD and TWD S2 (via GOG, no playtime on Steam) and cried like a ♥♥♥♥♥ in both games.TWD ANF is a decent predecessor but then again it's only 2 episodes into the season. I dearly hope we get more to see and play of Clementine.While I am not too happy with what TTG is doing currently, I still can enjoy the new season. I just hope it gets better though.But if you're a fan of the previous seasons and love Clementine just as much as I do, I tell you to grab this and give it a try."
76561197970853755,Recommended,536220,32214374,Posted: 5 June,all,SumGuy,"I don't get the hate some people have shown for this season. I was sick of a main character dying every 5 seconds in season 2 before we even got a chance to know them, and I'm so glad they didn't go in that direction this time. Javi was a great character, and the choices made me care about and identify with him. The carry through with Clem has been great through this whole series as well and it has me looking forward to what they do next.My only knock on this season was it's length. It's definitely too short, so I'm glad I waited for the sale to buy it. I also know these games are more story and choices than anything else, but I'd like a little more control during fights. Like, give me two different buttons or a different direction I could use to hit them in different ways, just to make it a little more exciting. Maybe choosing using a gun vs a melee weapon and the reprocussions that choice might cause."
76561198028280757,Recommended,536220,32238004,Posted: 7 June,all,Mr Joans,"I've played all of Telltale's The Walking Dead games and this is the only one that I did multiple playthroughs of. Why? Because in this game, your choices actually (to some degree) matter, compared to previous seasons. It's less like in S1 or S2 where you can choose to ""save"" one out of two characters but the one you saved just dies 5 minutes later anyways.Granted, the choices still don't have an impact so huge that they'll change the whole storyline, but that's to be expected.The game is also noticeably shorter than the first two seasons, which is mainly due to the fact that it's paced a lot faster (=less walking around and talking to people, more ""fighting""/QTEs). Whether you like that is really up to you. I always found those slow exploration segements really immersive.The characters are also mostly well-written, each of them having a flaw (anger issues, being moody, etc.) that makes them interesting and unique (and sometimes a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to deal with, too). Which ones are likeable depends, again, on you. I've seen people defend characters I personally hated and the other way around.To wrap things up, I recommend this game to everyone who enjoyed playing through Telltale's Season 1 and 2 of The Walking Dead and doesn't mind a storyline that's more compressed and fast-paced."
76561198124207788,Not Recommended,536220,28816094,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Conrad Von Hotzendork,"It's fun to me, that's all I look for. The game just isn't worth 25 bucks. Not particularly strong in the story department, and as for gameplay... it's telltale. To end with, it's biggest flaw is that Clementine is in it. This is a rather anemic review, but I don't have much to say."
,Recommended,536220,29490982,Posted: 25 January,all,♡ Clementine ♡,This game is fun to play but of course Season 1 was betterPROS:New CharacterAmazing Voice's (of course TTG makes there games really awesome with voices)Get to play as Javi and ClementineFlashbacks from Season 2 all episodes 5 endingsBADASS CLEMGood settings and storylineCONS:Jane/Kenny dies in a more dumber wayWe dont get to play as Clem for 1 hour atleast :<Overall: 4.9/5
,Not Recommended,536220,29396023,Posted: 21 January,all,Tasty,it does not work. Shight
,Recommended,536220,30862221,Posted: 31 March,all,Puglover,"First of all as a blind fan of TWD I can honestly say I'm happy to see the game finally appearing. We had a huge argument with friends when they said there is gonna be no season 3 caz of split endings, however when this game came out I was one of the first one to buy it. I even had patience to go through 1st and 2nd part before starting.And I am not dissapointed, it is hard to continue watching TWD serials caz of useless speeches all the time, but in here I was really touched by dialoges. Dont wanna spoil anything but end of part 2 made me restart the whole game, and new part 3 was an amazing continue.the game throws you arond , I personally still I dont know which side I shound've taken and were really my decions right or not.In the begining I was kind of disappointed by not playing Clementine, however, I think it was smart decision caz now we have a chance to look at her by eyes of different people and still we dont know what to expect from her ( but I still think most of people took her side in any arguments=)I recommend this game to all TWD lovers, and strongly advise you to play all TWD seasons including Michonne if you havent done so yet."
,Recommended,536220,30958120,Posted: 5 April,all,flyingpandaxd,"Up to Episode 4 and so far it is AMAZING. Telltale is awesome at writing, such good stories with twists and turns, you never know what might end up happening or what you choose to happen. People complain that its not worth the 30 bucks for the game because there is no 'gameplay' which right pisses me off, because they should know what they are buying into before they do so. I love how two different peoples stories can differ so much, and if you do too then this is a must buy. After you play season 1 and 2 first :P. 10/10 game I feel like i need to buy the game for everyone so they can all play it. Such an amazing game. Thank you Telltale."
,Recommended,536220,33361804,Posted: 7 July,all,Salari,"A New Frontier is a big improvement over the lacklustre second season of The Walking Dead. Protagonist Javi is interesting and layered, his relationship with his family is one worth investing in, and even though Clementine is now a side character her role in this game is not so diminished that it feels like a cameo. In fact I'd probably say you get a lot more out of Clementine in this game than you ever could in season 2.Even though it's definitely an improvement, the game still suffers from some lingering issues; disposable characters, not being given enough control, choices not being very meaningful (apart from the obvious ones) and lack of emotional investment outside of Javi and his family. If you've been following the series the game is definitely worth it, I just hope Telltale can improve again with the next installment.SPOILERAlso, despite being such an important character, Kenny has the most disappointing, unceremonious death in the entire series so far."
,Recommended,536220,30823812,Posted: 29 March,all,Leon,Good game need longer episdoes like the other seasons
76561197993793926,Recommended,536220,32585146,Posted: 19 June,all,mitchlb452,"Original Review:Very glitchy. People that died along the way walking around in the background and such... Still, it's pretty solid. My least favorite of the three. Javier is meh but I do like a lot of things about this game and your choices do have a little bit of an impact on the ending - which is more than I can say for most of these. All in all, I'm giving it a positive rating. The first was the best at a 9. The second at 8.5. This at 7.Updated Review:I don't know why I have to defend my positive rating so hard for this game. Honestly, if you're a big enough idiot to insult some guy for posting a game review you don't like, you have no right to insult anyone elses intelligence.But if you 13-year-olds need more explanation, I'll give it to you. And let this be the end of it.I liked Clementine's story. I found the relationship between Javier and Kate to be extremely satisfying - especially as it portains to time. It was very cool to be able to affect the present by manipulating the past. I enjoyed the relationship with the brother, and honestly, I saw great strides forward in the game mechanics. While I didn't enjoy Javier's character as much as Lee or Clementine, I was happy to be able to impact their lives through the gameplay.Most of the negatives I mentioned are minor glitches that will be fixed. I played each episode right after it released, so stuff happens. After Tripp died, he was seen walking around in my party. There were also little odd mistakes with the updates of previous episodes... but those things are pretty minor.I enjoyed playing this game, and I looked forward to each episode as they came out. This doesn't mean it is for everyone. You might hate the game. I have no clue. Probably these trolls below me did. If you loved the other Walking Dead games, you'll probably enjoy this one too - especially in six months (around January 2018), when all the glitches are gone. If you kind of liked the other games, this one might be borderline for you. The graphics are great, but the main character this time wasn't nearly as compelling as Lee or Clementine.If you people have any problems at this point, go bother someone else."
,Recommended,536220,32179382,Posted: 4 June,all,Jon Snow,"Too be honest I don't know why the game gets so much hate.For me this game was amazing full of emotions and important choices. Also many endings and many possibilites of different Clem's. I absolutely think that this game deserves a solid 10/10. I also preffered this season more than season 2 for many reasons. I also understand that the game get's a lot of hate because there is no possibility of playing as Clem, Only during flashbacks. But too be honest I think that in the next game we will get to play as Clem.I think that this game is amazing and I recommend it to everyone even if you are not a fan."
,Not Recommended,536220,28598248,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bosko,"Lets cut to the chase, these episodes seem too. I hope future episodes have a bit more length to them. I feel that you could have put episodes one and two together here and had one AMAZING episode. Instead, I have a bitter taste in my mouth and I am dreading the three to four month wait for episode three only to take an hour or so.If you have any desire to buy the game, wait for the next episode to come out and see if it gets any longer. If not, I'd say chuck it on the wishlist and wait for a sale. Not worth the asking price here at release."
,Not Recommended,536220,31370124,Posted: 25 April,all,Pumpkin,"I enjoyed the last two seasons of The Walking Dead but I can't say mmany positive things about this one. I'll update this review if that changes but as of writing this I just finished episode 4 and I am less than ecstaticAs others have said you don't play clementime except for in flashbacks, personally I don't mind this though I can't say I like the direction they took Clementime's character, especially since I feel my past decisions had little impact on her.In fact I feel barely any of the decisions I make in this game have much impact on anything. To add to that feeling is misleading dialogue choices where you THINK you are being polite but in truth your character happens to act as a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. This happens so much that i feel like I am not really choosing at all. The game is pretty much telling me what it wants and just letting me choose how big of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am.Also this game is short, like it's really short compared to the other walking dead seasons and a lot less interesting. The characters are also not nearly as memorable or dynamic.I would reccomend this game ONLY if it was on sale in the future. Save your money until Telltale remembers how to be creative."
76561198081165655,Not Recommended,536220,28579037,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,2D StuortPert,"Boring characters that i don't really care about (besides clem) i don't feel anything for the main character, throughout my playthrough i kept thinking ""where is clem?' i've played 2 games that was about clem and got to be attached to her and 30min in or less i don't see her :/ i know they want to tell a different story but they made two games about one person and had us go through her pain and loss its kind of a ♥♥♥♥ you in the face to have our choices not mean anything to her character also who ever you go with in the last season wont even matter :/ -S P O I L E R S- !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go with jane, -dead- go with our lord and savior boat master kenny? -dead- -_-.....but if you go with kenny and stay at the settlement you dont see him die so in a way i hope he alive tbh, but in short last season ending doesnt matter and you might have notice the episodes are shorter by a lot sadly it took me 3 hours to beat :/ like i love how the game looks , and controls but i rather have story then how it looks tbh i had no prob with the look of the last games, in short i dont care at all about the main characters all i care about is clem and her story the only reason to play is if you care what happens to clem and thats it really. :/"
76561198045395879,Not Recommended,536220,28616040,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,shoy1010,"Boring story and new main Character, Clem has become just another secondary non-playable character."
,Recommended,536220,29182077,Posted: 11 January,all,Kevin™,cant wait for more episodes to be released first second episode sick
76561198081067383,Recommended,536220,30807483,Posted: 28 March,all,Raider2064,"This is a good game, however i do wish it had stuck with clementine as the main character. But that aside this is a game that is definitely good and woth your money"
,Recommended,536220,30877289,Posted: 1 April,all,straight up busta,"While some people just recently found this game,some people have known this game for past 6 or 5 years (season 1,2,DLC and Michonne),i knew this game since season 1,so i will tell what was so new about this season,and for the sake of making this comment easy,i will do it in a pros/cons way.Pros:-Story is great,better than other two seasons (for me atleast)-There's happy moments,and so are sad moments.-You get attached to the characters really quick.-Quicktime events are simple,but still important if you dont want to die.-Some choices are pretty hard,but not all.Cons:-Sadly,most of the choices don't actually matter to the story too much,you will get the same ending.EDIT: After episode 5,there are many diffrent endings depending on you're choices,just like Season 2,and characters talk to you diffrently depending on how you acted to them in the past episodes!-Everyone expect AJ and Clem from season 1 and two die.That's all that i really could think off,the game itself is amazing,and i really like it.9/10"
,Recommended,536220,30926144,Posted: 3 April,all,EMRYS,I think this game has taken off well after season 2 but could be much better if somemore happened in episode 3 also if your not patient i advise not to get the game since it takes around 3-4 months for each episode to be released.
,Recommended,536220,31360016,Posted: 25 April,all,Lactus,"Not as good as the first season, probably a little bit better than season 2. But in overall, I am enjoying the game and the story. I've really missed this."
76561198031387862,Recommended,536220,35116994,Posted: 21 September,all,[-Toka-],"I'm gonna take a leap and say it. This is the best season of The Walking Dead and I have a huge amount of reasons for it. Playing for a different character instead of Clementine worked very well. For me and majority of players, which are still male, it's way easier to relate to Javi then Clementine. It also gave us the option for romance, which woudn't be possible otherwise or woldn't have desired effect in terms of atmosphere. I was a bit scared, that Clementine would act differently since we do not control her anymore, but that's fortunately not the issue. Clem acted alwayas as I expected. Another different thing, which distinguishes A New Frontier from first two seasons is how deep the story and character progression actually is. I'd say that there are less characters overall but their relations are way deeper than in any previous instance. Due to the fact there are also less deaths. Someone might don't like this fact due to Game of Thrones effect, but I have to say, those deaths were cheap anyway. For me it got a bit boring and repetittive to switch up groups every now and then in season two. I also would say that Telltale step up a little in terms of story continuality. Usualy you know that if you let one poeple live and the other die, they just swtiched up places. Now I actually wasn't sure at all and the storyline went wider than I expected. And last but not least, I like the postepisode and especially postseason overview of your actions and character development. Again, it's more detailed and deep overall."
,Recommended,536220,28580817,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Omae wa mou Shindeiru,"game has long haired scarf-wearing ninja named jesus, how could you not"
,Recommended,536220,31507905,Posted: 2 May,all,Norskh,"Being a reasonable, caring man.Rewarded by a ♥♥♥♥ing mess of death and violence.10/10 immersion"
,Recommended,536220,33812982,Posted: 26 July,all,Digital Realm,"just finished the game...its easily a good game, it even made me emotional more than once. still enjoyed season 1 the most.would easily recommend it to anyone.Cant wait for Clems story to CONTINUE!EDIT:btw how can u guys hate on this game?its easily a proud part of the twd lineup!"
76561198085975073,Recommended,536220,32071341,Posted: 30 May,all,Pucér Bácsik | hellcase.com,i got no words ...... for me it was worth it
,Recommended,536220,32135593,Posted: 2 June,all,Ohm,"It's still ""The walking dead game"" you know and love so why not?Don't trust the hater just play it yourself.The story is good in my opinionand Clementine's story will continued..."
,Recommended,536220,32834432,Posted: 26 June,all,chev,"WARNING: Spoilers Ahead!If you have seen the TV Series, then I can tell you about the game in brief. This season of TWD feels like a parody, or re-creation of several events and characters of the TV Series. The main character (Javier Garcia) is pretty much the Rick Grimes of this game, his brother (David Garcia) is kinda like Shane Walsh. The way you get together with Kate (who is pretty much like Lori) and David tries to take her away from you (just ignore the fact that she is his wife) is what actually happened in the TV Series. Couldn't find anything for Mariana, but she dies pretty similar to Denise. Jesus is literally the same character from the series. Gabriel is kinda like Carl, except he dies. Richmond feels a lot like Alexandria, especially with the walkers breaking in, and killing them in a -sort of- final stand. The Kingdom also takes part in this game, also in the series. I bet there are still a lot of similarities, that I couldn't find.An almost worthy sequel to season 2. It is very good story-wise, the choices you can make are creative, but it could have been a bit longer, it feels a bit shorter than the previous seasons. ( 9/10 )"
,Recommended,536220,33799252,Posted: 25 July,all,EpicGroover,"Phenomenal Story. A Great Continuation of the Walking Dead Series. And an Impresive Improvement from Past Games.I personally loved this game significently more than the last 2 in the series, because of the sheer impactful storytelling that is embedded into this game. Though, Simplly put, I love good storys and could care less about the game play in this scenario. In my honest opinion, if you put the gameplay of a game above the story telling aspect, I would not reccomend this to you. This game lacked much of the interactiveness that the last two games provided, but to me was a far better story. This game made tight bonds between you and the characters, much like the previous games but added a sense of accomplishment when you see the past holding on to some of those characters, and some let it go. The Choices in this game model the last 2, except most aren't as impactful to the story, but give you way more support to how the story unfolded. There was also a HUGE graphical improvment from the last two games.This game made me want to make things right. To fix relationships between characters and to form new ones.All in all: A beautiful story telling experince, that though may lack some aspects of gameplay, still keeps you on the edge of your seat, waiting for what comes next.The credit music was also amazing and I would reccomend giving it a listen ;)HereCheers!"
,Recommended,536220,28992696,Posted: 3 January,all,Charles_The_Sub-par,"This game has already made me emotional within the first 2 episodes, as per the TellTale way. It isn't what i though the next Walking Dead game would be, but it is still an amazing game. I would give it an Honest 8/10 for a few reasons: the diolague choices aren't that good, and is sometimes unclear. The game, however, is still really good. Great story by TellTale, and I can't wait for episode 3!!"
76561198003179549,Not Recommended,536220,29525396,Posted: 27 January,all,Qixter,Wait for the season to be completed before you buy it. Then buy it.
,Recommended,536220,33533183,Posted: 14 July,all,alicethebandito,"The game is ok in general, just dont expect a game as gripping and great as the first season. The storyline and the character development is not as good as the previous seasons."
,Not Recommended,536220,33824656,Posted: 26 July,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"At least we got Clementine, right guys!?!? Guys!?!?!? Right..!?"
76561198109846049,Recommended,536220,28982143,Posted: 3 January,all,Vincentko,"The First two episodes are quite short but definitely worth it. I was pretty disappointed that we dont get to play as clementine, and I still am. But the story isnt bad, the optimization is good too so. I recommend it."
,Recommended,536220,32073207,Posted: 30 May,all,thisismike97,"I love this story, i've loved it from the start.Telltales the walking dead is an interactive series where your choices affect the outcome, i definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,536220,34691653,Posted: 2 September,all,sekva masikov,"Many people criticize this game. But to be honest, the game is alive and still keeps the bar (but with difficulties). Until the moment, when you don't empathize TWD characters, don't feel stress when making decisions that are meant to be difficult, don't try to get along with characters which you like, or at least you don't watch different paths and endings, the game is alive, it makes you experience different emotions and think about life values.* Some people say, that choices you've made don't actually change the game. It isn't true, your choises change the story, more or less. And sometimes the choices are getting way more tougher. And isn't it great?* The game is an interactive film, OK, I got it. The only thing you can influence on is what your character is saying. But here we run into a problem. You usually (in 95% of all situations) have 4 options. One of them is to say nothing. The three others can be generally discribed as ""the good one"", ""the neutral/mean one"" and ""the rude/dumb one"". Frankly speaking, the logic variant is only the first. The only reasons to choose another is that you don't take the game seriously. The other two options will either spoil you relations with a person or make problems for you.* The story is great, even if it has holes, but I don't want to write about it. The game is not only about the plot, it's about atmosphere, you realtions, emotions, choices and characters. And sometimes silly deaths.That are the most important things I wanted to affect. I strongly recommend to go through the first two seasons before running into this. And if you have, don't wait and buy this game. It's awesome, really. I was under impression for a long time after I completed the season.Would I recommend this season: Absolutely*I could leave a mark, but it's so silly, so just buy it, you won't regret*"
76561198319619897,Recommended,536220,33421223,Posted: 9 July,all,PuF,Good. 8/10
,Not Recommended,536220,33756263,Posted: 23 July,all,HalfBakedOnion,"SUCKSdont care about any of the ""new"" charectersVery clicheAnd bad(Only play if your a really and i mean really big fan)"
,Recommended,536220,30862292,Posted: 31 March,all,GravedigGER,"Part 3.Less WASD explorations. Wait. Exactly none. Just to pick up something right before your face. No walking around!Much 2 many more 1-4 choices about ""the right"" answer.Makes it sometime difficult to choose. At least there is the <SPACE> pause function :DA few little action WASD scences.That's it!""Missing the heartbreaking & tearsbringing scequences of the parts we all played b4 :("
,Recommended,536220,32087260,Posted: 31 May,all,LastRokiiiiiii(И)™ \ッ/,"I Love You, Brother"
,Recommended,536220,33198342,Posted: 3 July,all,SaSSolino,Clem's all grown up! <3
,Not Recommended,536220,34022676,Posted: 4 August,all,apinadonna,:(
76561198333872196,Recommended,536220,28969799,Posted: 3 January,all,Pumpkin Patch,"Game so far is very fun IMO. I played Season 1 and 400 Days on Xbox, and had not played seasons 2 (although i have watched youtube videos of the story and gameplay to know what has happened, before ""The ne Fronteir"" came out. The game allows you to choose decisions that have happened in the preveious seasons 1 & 2 if you did not play them, or simply ""start fresh"". The main character is very awesome and new. The other characters at the start really make you become attached. You do not get to play as Clem very much (you do just very little). You get to see how Clem has changed and how she views the world and interects with the people and enviorment, even though your not playing as her (some decisions you make while playing as her will actually change the story!), and as well there is no much interaction as others have stated. This doesnt bother me personally, as myself and others are mainly in it for the story and decision making not really the simply ""pick an item up and take it from point A to B"". Tbh your not missing out on the interactions, not even the point of buying it, aka, not worth 25 dollars walking around solving puzzles like scooby doo, game is meant for deep story and decision altering. Love the game so much!P.S-- Currently only the first 2 episodes are out and i would say each takes about an hour, possibly a bit over. The 25$ purchase also gives you access to the other seasons as they come out (as I assume you can purchase them one at a time?)"
,Recommended,536220,29118942,Posted: 8 January,all,S0me0neS0mewhere,"So far so good, but there are some negatives for me.1) Chapters are far too short compared to other TellTale games.2) I know choices don't realistically mean a heck of a lot in these types of games, and in the end you’re still on rails, but in these first two chapters it seems way more transparent than other games.3) One of my pet peeves in games where you supply responses is where what’s written on screen for you to select sometimes don’t match what you expect to happen. This causes me (and I assume others) to limit how they respond for fear of being punished for their response. There are a couple times where this happens which drove me nuts.An example is whenKate and Javier are in the flash back scene in the kitchen (when the glass breaks). There is a response where it says something like, “Confront David” (after Kate confesses she wishes she could run away or something similar), which I took to mean stand up for Kate because of the way David is treating her. But it turns out Javier blurts out about Kate leaving David if he keeps it up. So David is mad and Kate is mad and I’m mad because I never expected that conclusion from, “Confront David!”4) One of the things that works best for these games is playing on emotions. Lee from season one comes to mind (I cried like a little girl dammit) or even Kenny in season two depending on your choice. There were a lot of smaller tear jerking moments, but the big heart wrenching emotions were limited so their effectiveness really hurt your heart. It feels in season 3 they are trying way too hard to push these emotions out of players.5) four leads to five in that a lot of those moments are really cliched and extremely predictable. Did anyone not expect *something* like what happened at the end of chapter 1? And did anyone not expect the ending of chapter 2? Nothing worse than watching a murder mystery where you can predict the killer within the first 20 minutes.6) There are a lot of odd in game moments I simply don’t like.How did Javier go from being suspected of bad things with Clem, to basically being the leader of the town?? Things happen in the junkyard with the gang, and at the gate of the town with a lot of killing, yet they don’t kill you all on sight later??Etc Too many moments that simply wouldn’t happen.For now I recommend the game, but I’m on the fence about it. Since this is a story driven game with some action moments, it’s hard to forgive the cliched and flawed story so far. It feels too contrived and some of it feels like forcing puzzle pieces into their wrong spots just to get the story going forward. I’m just hoping the next chapter is considerably longer and has a better feel to the story."
76561198045237656,Recommended,536220,29225684,Posted: 13 January,all,Kopects,a new prospective on an already stunning game series
,Recommended,536220,30822812,Posted: 29 March,all,Sith Lord™,"Alright. I love this game. I love TWD. This franchise is a gift.I personally feel like I'm the only one who's okay with the characters. Javier is one of the better characters I've seen in this franchise in a while (Shoutout to Luke, R.I.P), but that's only my opinion.I also personally don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about playing as Clementine. We didn't get to play as her in the first season, why do you only care now?But my main problem is having to wait over 4 months for maybe an hour long episode. That's just abysmal. I'm not giving the game a negative rating, because this doesn't detract from the story much (other than the fact that 4 months makes you lose your place in the story) - but my real question is, what happened to nearly 4-hour-long episodes being released almost monthly? Telltale obviously won't be this but if they did they'd know we feel a little gipped.P.S. - Can our choices like actually matter? I don't want every character to fall under the ""Determinant curse"" where they die the next episode anyway regardless of your choice, I want those big choices toREALLYaffect the story.P.P.S -Where the ♥♥♥♥ is Christa?7.8/10, Too much waiting time for not enough playing time."
76561198216835845,Recommended,536220,31057804,Posted: 10 April,all,suchwow,"The game was super great for meIt just depends on how fast you get attached to charactersanyways, if they added an extra 30 minutes or an hour in each episode, i bet that the story would be  more appealing to all of the playersOthers may say negative, but I loved this gamejust a few graphic glitches and all ;)"
,Recommended,536220,32181920,Posted: 4 June,all,SpeedyReedyTV,"Another excellent chapter in the Telltale Walking Dead series, with choices from previous games again impacting this one (import from program files, or recreate via a questionnaire). Difficult to know how well every path is crafted and acted, but the ones I was taken down made sense and kept me engaged throughout. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,536220,32871594,Posted: 27 June,all,Morgan,Dropped a Mk.45 feel bomb
76561198092592679,Recommended,536220,33559192,Posted: 15 July,all,Madina,"TL;DR  Games pretty meh but give it a go if you enjoyed the last two. Clementine will remember it.After binging and enjoying both the fist two walking dead games, I was looking forward to this instalment. However, throughout the journey of this tale my disappointment only grew. Right off the bat there was a noticible change in the quick time events compared to the last games. There is 90% more key bashing and less effort to aim, if any at all like seen in  the first two; which made for a very disconeted feeling to the action and story. At some points you had to be psychic to even make it past some parts just to get the timing right. Not to mention the game may look nicer this time round but there were some serious game breaking glitches going on. Bits of people streched everywhere. Sometimes characters would be in cut scenes when they very much shouln't be in them.The story was okay, yet most of the characters were very unlikable and by the end I stopped caring about any one left because little effort was made to give them something to attach to. Except good ol' Clem; but im connecting that to the knowledge or time spent in her shoes rather then the games journey. Speaking of, the jouney felt very rush too. Not a feel of urgencey but the episodes just felt shorter with less content, like the game wanted to be over just as much as I wanted it to be over. There wasnt much time to connect to anyone and really feel like anything mattered. By episode 5 I was just glad to get it finished. -1 for Clems new hair cut.Overall, Id honestly only play this again to get Clems side of the story after re playing the previous two. But still think fans of the series should give it a crack. Glad I got it on sale. 3/5 Stars"
76561198360564496,Recommended,536220,34112805,Posted: 8 August,all,amithewolf104,game is really good! despite the butt hurt fan boys crying because you cant play as clem that much and which they refuse to get close to any of the new characters making it a bad game for them. This season was solid and I loved it gg telltale cant wait for the final season!
,Recommended,536220,32073400,Posted: 30 May,all,korka007,Give it time. It might not be the strongest season we've seen but it definitely hides a nice story inside when you'll finish the whole game.
,Recommended,536220,33033318,Posted: 30 June,all,PapaDelta138,"Introduction:I've read a few reviews bashing the game for its decision to steer away from Clementine for a while. But, this should be praised. What some people don't realise aboutThe Walking Deadis that it's not just about Rick Grimes, or Lee Everett, or Clementine. It's about everyone involved in that story. And we're taking on the role of the ones who are more prominent when it comes to characterization, but that's all. It's still a story about everyone involved in the story.Don't you think Kenny is as much of a protagonist as Clementine is? I'd like to say that we want him to be, I mean, we favour him a lot. Clementine wasn't a protagonist untilTWD: S2. It's the same thing here, you've a new character to play as, who's focusing on keeping his own family safe. And happens to run into Clementine, who, again, takes up the role of a deuteragonist, like the first game... except she's useful in this one. LOL, I KID, I KID. She's amazing.Story:What I noticed about this game was how some of the choices we could make tend to have you side with Clementine. This is, of course, only if you choose to. But, I'm sure many would have done so. But I didn't buy into it. Simply put, the whole point about playing as another character is to play his life, his version of the story. If you tailor the story according to how you knew another character beforehand, it will feel somewhat weird, it'll feel out of place. Like something isn't right with the narrative. What if you hadn't met Clementine ever in your life? Will you hug her because she told you her sob story? Of course not. And that's what I think people did with their versions of stories. They knew her story beforehand, and so made choices accordingly. Imagining Clementine to be someone I've never known before was something new. I got to explore the side of her that we couldn't control. And to be honest, it was somewhat uncomfortable, seeing her the way she is now. But, it is still refreshing, because it gives you a different perspective of who she can be, or who she is capable of being. She reminded me of Michonne, and that's not something I've wanted, and it's because, selfishly, I believe that she should be the do-gooder, innocent girl we all knew she was in the previous games. But, it simply won't happen, and I have to move on with that fact, still being proud of her, but still hoping that she becomes the person we players and Lee have shaped her to be. I pretended to not know her, and put myself in his shoes... and the characterization really worked that way.With that being said, I hope people put aside Clem for just a while, and give a chance to the new characters introduced in this game. The relations between the characters is likeable, the plot was very good, and I really like Javier. So far, I've played as very down-to-earth, bad-a$$ (censor THAT, Steam!) characters like Lee, and Clem, and I've even read about Rick and his gang, and it's been really depressing with the way they're going. With Javier, you feel a sense of enlightenment when you use his wits. It really lightens up the tone. I don't want to have to keep the story grim every time, sometimes it's healthy to kinda chin up during hard times, and with a character like him, there's a balance between that.Visuals/Performance:The engine used is much better now. If you playedBatman: Telltale, you'll notice how a bit robotic it'll feel, but in this one, they've improved that a lot. It feels more fluid when you move around, and the characters are finally starting to appear ... unique, unlike the earlier games, where Glenn or Carley appear in multiple hairstyles and outfits or something (totally not racist about Glenn), and the lip sync is excellent.The ehhh's:There are definitely a few plot points that I could consider unbelievable, but that's whatTWDwas mostly about, some things just aren't believable. It's all added drama, in the end. But, this one had a few extra ones. I won't comment on the ""based on the choices you've made"" tacticTelltalethrows at us, you know how that works.It's also relatively short compared to the first two games. The first playthrough took me about 7 hours long, whileMichonne: Telltaletook me about 5 hours to complete. I dislike that they're making the stories shorter and shorter each season.The achievements... like, can we please have more fun ones? It's just achievements that relate to completing the episode, but how about an achievement like ""Grab that basketball that was hidden in this room"", or something? If you're gonna add achievements, atleast make it worth our while. They're called so for a reason. I haven't criticized this in earlierTelltalegames, until now, because let's face it... it's getting really old.When was the last time any ofTelltale's games had Steam Trading Cards and stuff? What happened to that? The first TWD season had it, and then it all just stopped with the released games after that. This isn't exactly a bad thing, but it would be a nice feature to bring back.One thing I did NOT like about the game was how the devs went back to answer a few questions aboutTWD: S2. I was mostly unhappy with how it all turned out. I do not want to spoil anything, but let's keep the answer short - don't expect that season to be treated with a satisfying ending, and respect.Verdict:It's a 6.5-7.5/10 for me. It's a good season ofThe Walking Dead. Just good. But it still doesn't measure up to the first two seasons for their PTSD-inducing plots, and having said this, if they're gonna make another season ...it has to be ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.Telltalefeels like a cash-grabbing company now. I would say that the new characters were a welcome addition to theTWDuniverse, but this season was released a little too soon. They should've put time to it. Maybe then we could've seen a much deeper plotline, and how much further they could've taken character progression. And hopefully, I don't have to see anymore ofTWDin the next 3-4 years, because they really need to work on it. It's being milked to the point that dem tiddies are gon'saglike ahag."
76561198048962314,Recommended,536220,30784178,Posted: 27 March,all,Franko,"Oooh! , the choices are even tougher, I don't even really know if I'm doing the right thing anymore, I can't wait for the next chapter. this games needs you to play the previous games to really get this one. I recommend you to go back and play them before coming to this one. This 3 games are even better than the tv series."
,Recommended,536220,28494082,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Scrubby,"*SPOILERS*This game is sooooo good. 10/10. Every decision is very hard and makes you constantly think whether or not it was the right decision.Can't believe what happened to his niece, really unexpected."
,Recommended,536220,32069767,Posted: 30 May,all,Pinky,Gabe died.10/10
,Recommended,536220,28527464,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,silverdoe,"Back to form from Telltale. Welcome back, Clem!"
76561198067857097,Recommended,536220,28684943,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,realLizardboy,"So, excited to see how each character in this story is impacted by the choices of the gamer!!  Thank you so much for continuing the series and keeping it deep."
76561198119098168,Recommended,536220,28685798,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Osian Mathias O.H.M,"SImply - if you played 1 and 2 - PLAY IT, great writing and story . And its only £20"
76561198209004857,Recommended,536220,33213735,Posted: 3 July,all,2009jumpingjack,this game is just simply amazing. i would encourage that everyone should buy this.
,Recommended,536220,28659247,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sc4ry,My favourite game series!
76561198336689256,Recommended,536220,28858002,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sAnIcE,Good and comfortable just where is the Episode 3-5?
,Recommended,536220,28582948,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SimpleStuff,"One of the best games I have ever playedRip Kenny though, how could they just kill him off like that!"
,Recommended,536220,28579844,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,GhosT,Just got past character creation.
,Recommended,536220,32169275,Posted: 3 June,all,🎃XItsBlizzard 🎃,"pretty good, not as good as season 1 though."
76561198008139093,Recommended,536220,32170349,Posted: 4 June,all,Eunectes,The game is not as long as previous telltale walking dead seasons but the story is as every bit engaging as Lee's or Clem's and the gfx is much better. I would not recommend buying it for the full price - wait for it to drop below 20 bucks.I enjoyed it very much and I'm waiting for the next season.
,Recommended,536220,32170397,Posted: 4 June,all,I need healing,This game is like a new story and they focus on flasback of Javier than Clem's
76561198047887861,Recommended,536220,28492886,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,youknowwestay 👌woke👌,"Really good. Not played much of it yet of course as only the first two episodes are available but the first two episodes at least are very good. The first episode is definitely the most intense first episode of any walking dead series, and the new character Javier is interesting, and seems to be a good 3rd main character.The only negative reviews are people having technical problems it seems, and they will of course be fixed. You know it's good sign when the only bad reviews aren't actually about the gameplay/story."
76561197987970023,Not Recommended,536220,28766418,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lazy-88-Turtle,We want Clementine!!!
76561198051866757,Recommended,536220,28553522,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,FORCE-OF-NATURE,"After a long period of waiting and the mediocrity of some Telltale titles (Batman) I almost lost hope in what telltale was, the emotional rollercoaster consisting of moments of pure joy to the heartwrenching tragedies of the loss of a friend. With A New Frontier my doubt was swept away, this is a piece of art, true Telltale storytelling and is so far one of the best Telltale titles since the original Walking Dead. Am I dissapointed in the fact that many of my choices throughout the first two games were disregarded? Of course I am, and slightly angered. But this is not the Third season of the Walking Dead, this is a new story, a fresh start with all new twists and turns that are refreshingly surprising. With that I say, if you even remotely enjoyed other Telltale titles then get this game."
,Recommended,536220,28500693,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mclovin,"so far its ♥♥♥♥ing amazingPROS:Clementine is back and she's more badass than everyou get to play as Javier, a new character (he's actually really fun to play)Jesus from the comics and the show is in itCONS:(CONTAINS SPOILERS)WTF. telltale kills off one of their best characters. hes survived much more and he dies in a ♥♥♥♥ing car crash? just like that? omgomgomg(kenny)omgomgomgomgepisodes are really short"
76561198334148934,Recommended,536220,32519169,Posted: 17 June,all,Youtube,I love the story.
76561198322446156,Recommended,536220,32166655,Posted: 3 June,all,AugustusGold,"Now with the full game out I have to say, I have to say it's definitely not the best Telltale's walking dead game, but it is still an emotional rollercoaster like the previous ones. At first, I was reluctant that Clementine would be replaced as the main protagonist of the game in exchange for a new character that didn't exist up until now. However, by episode five I definitely understand why the writers chose to make Javier a character, it's just that within the setting given it wouldn't be as good without Javier or any of the Garcia family. Simply put, these members of the family had resounding impact, touching moments, amazing growth, and a tearful story. This is painfully obvious by episode five -which by far is the best episode- through all the flashbacks before present day, and the running theme of family. Though there is a slow setup to reach the real emotion twisting it's definitely worth it, all the way. I really like how this time around there is a huge difference between the endings (and there are some that will definitely suprise you that are possible). The only complaints I have are some characters such as Tripp and Eleanor are inconsistent in terms of their personality. Also I feel this game had less action than the previous ones -even though that's not a staple when it comes to Telltale games-  the lack of it makes it somewhat less engaging. My biggest complaint however, is the lack of a button that allows you to hug any character you're currently talking to. Long story short, I'm so glad they haven't killed my bby Clementine."
,Recommended,536220,32211837,Posted: 5 June,all,Peeny Bo Beeny,"Amid the negative reviews of The Walking Dead: A New Frontier, people have stated that it is half the content. That is a Lie. You dont get to *explore*  as much as you could in season 1, but then again, neither could you do it as much in season 2. The game itself, is fantastic. I was hesitant about a playable character, but oh boy lemme tell ya, i ♥♥♥♥ing love Javier. The family based story line, rather than just based around friends, is a fresh and unexplored territory for The Walking Dead games, and its a welcomed one. Javiers romance with his brothers wife, his niece and nephew, its certainly a change from just ""hey i met these survivors that ive come to love."" Clementine makes her return, now as a pubescent Pre-teen, and is more badass than ever. The characters are all loveable, even when they make me want to rip their♥♥♥♥♥♥off. The game has many surprise elements, and the killing of the characters is much less of a ""Hey we just killed off these characters for some cheap drama""  and more of an actual meaningful decision based action. It does have its faults though, like meaningless conversations that go no where, (AKA clementines period conversation, thanks for that telltale.) and its flashbacks for what happened to Kenny or Jane. The flashbacks about the season 2 ending are very rushed and silly, and i wish that just had more weight or depth rather than just a quick killing scene around 2 - 3 minutes long.All in all, The Walking Dead: A New Frontier gets an 8/10 rubber chickens from me. It explores a New Frontier (Har har) of a family based story, the likes of which havent been done in a Walking Dead game, which i think was a very smart decision for the future of this series, and i reccomend buying this game if youve been sitting on the fence, but please do start with season 1 if you havent already.And hey, this game doesnt have microtransactions, which is always a plus.Unless you count the tissues that you buy to deal with the emotional trauma. </3"
,Recommended,536220,34213998,Posted: 13 August,all,sleepy as,"Solid 6.5 out of 10.Short, sweet.But hey, we get to be Clem again in the next game, so that's cool."
76561198193771654,Recommended,536220,28508902,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Caroline,as good as ever
,Recommended,536220,31400553,Posted: 27 April,all,Ronnie,"Good game, everytime a new epsiode comes out, it's just more good content to play! :)"
,Recommended,536220,31443046,Posted: 29 April,all,Celery_Phoebe,"I love this story without doubt. However, actually, we really need a good Chinese translation, please."
,Recommended,536220,31364670,Posted: 25 April,all,LASTMAN,The developers are trying on creating a fascinating story and I appreciate it!
,Recommended,536220,28493938,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,♥Rias♥,I LOVE CLEMENTINE
,Recommended,536220,28516128,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Keweiler,"LOVE THIS GAME SO FAR, BUY IT NOW ` YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT."
,Recommended,536220,28613085,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✪ ForeverEnvious ✪,"I would recommend this game, its a very emotional expierence and you get attatched to the people you meet, you decide what happens in the 3rd season all the way back from the first season, you control what happens in the series, Not to mention the graphics are amazing, certainly a step of from the last season. Although there are a few glitches here and there, they arent much of a problem, this is a very enjoyable expierence, and the smooth gameplay and emotional story? this game easily makes my top 5 favorite games ever, so overal, 10/10"
,Recommended,536220,28624087,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,kn4ves,Nice story telling on this one... I like the fact that it is not super slow paced like other Telltale games...
76561198167642333,Recommended,536220,34599418,Posted: 29 August,all,ℵⱥŊℵƲs,I don't know what to say about this game. I feel worst season ever to countinue the journey a kid's Clementine survival. Not very worth cause we play another new character. We need play as Clementine back please that would be a great story damn believe me. This season not very worth to understand and emotionless comparing to season 1 and season 2. I would prefer my favourite season 1 too much emotion and best story ever then this two season. Hope season 4 will coming back and release soon with a more worth then two season.
,Recommended,536220,34649997,Posted: 31 August,all,Killforfun,"If you played the last two season you`re going to understand one thing and that thing is why am i in a different character shoes wtf telltale games i was sure you guys ran out of ideas why because you ended season 2 with three different ending and you got stuck for about 2 years and trying to figure out what to do and you decided to create this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i am not saying it bad but i am going to give you a 7 for this game why less options, different protagonist but i loved graphics i give you a 9. I would only buy this game on a sale that is if you want to follow clementone`s story."
,Recommended,536220,34622040,Posted: 30 August,all,M E G A F A G O T,At first i was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of you killed legendary kenny and jane like third-planned heroes.. the good game started in four chapter when u can keep that twd style.. I wish you're next twd will be better then this one.. for us.. players. we can wait this 1-2 years more to play a good game :)
76561198096572696,Recommended,536220,34381359,Posted: 20 August,all,Zaloza,"Overall, I liked this game. It gave me more of what I expected, and wanted, from a Telltale Walking Dead game. In fact, it seems like the creators worked hard to make this game deeper and more complex than the previous 2 seasons.I just didn't like the way this game looked. The 1st and 2nd seasons looked good, and the 'improvements' made to the graphics for this season actually made them look worse.To go into a bit more detail...I love Telltale games, and I love the Walking Dead games (I recently re-played the first 2 seasons, and the final scene of Season 1stillmakes me cry). 'The Walking Dead: A New Frontier' gave me more of what I liked from the previous seasons: the ability to choose my character's responses and attitude, which makes the experience feel much more personal and immersive; an exciting story, full of twists, turns, suspense, scares, but still quite a few laughs to stop it from getting too depressing; interesting, complex characters; difficult, challenging choices.In fact, this game brought in a few new elements: flashbacks, where you play through events that happened in the past, and times where you play as different characters.Some people might find those parts confusing, but I didn't. I thought they made the game feel more complex, varied and interesting.Plus, it was just great to see Clementine again, and to continue her story! I love that kid.Some people might complain that the quick-time events are too easy or don't happen enough, or that there aren't so many times for the player to move around and click on things. However, I don't think that this is a problem.There are still enough reflex-testing quick-time events, and opportunities to explore, to spice up this game, and besides, those bits were never really what made the Walking Dead games so great for me. For me, the best parts were always the conversations I had, the choices I made, the relationships I built with other characters, and the unfurling of the story - and there's plenty of that in 'A New Frontier'!It just seems to me that the creators of this game realised what were the best elements of the previous 2 seasons, and focused on them, which I think is fair enough!The only real problems that I have with this game are, really, just superficial things.For a start, I didn't like the graphics and the art style.The art style of Seasons 1 and 2 was great. It was often quite rough and scratchy and quite cartoony, but I think that was very appropriate - it made the games look like a comic book coming to life, and the 'Walking Dead' series started off as a comic book, so that fits very well! Everything looked quite realistic in those games, but it was also stylistic, which made it much more visually interesting. Plus, the characters were very expressive, which is very important in a game which is pretty much an interactive story and conveying emotions is important.But the graphics in 'A New Frontier'... it looks like the creators tried too hard to make everything look more realistic, and made everything look more dull.I wouldn't quite say that the characters fell into the uncanny valley - quite a lot of the characters, like Javi, Kate and Clementine, are still pretty expressive. However, most characters faces, when they're not talking or moving their faces, look kinda lifeless and plastic - like dolls, almost.None of the characters' faces ever looked lifeless or plastic in the previous 2 seasons. The faces always had so much life and character in them, even when they were still.A particular problem I had was the characters with beards, like Tripp and Paul. The beards didn't really look like actualhairto me, more like stiff, beard-shaped blocks stuck to their chins. Tripp in particular always seemed to have quite a stiff, emotionless face, even when he was supposed to be angry.How is it that the hair and beards in Seasons 1 and 2 look better and more convincing than in this game, which is supposed to have 'improved' graphics? Well, probably because, even though the beards and hair in Seasons 1 and 2 looked like brush strokes or pen marks,everything elsein the game looked like brush strokes or pen marks, so it didn't look out of place! (and was a lot more interesting to look at, I might add...)Another thing I love about Season 2, and which this game disappointed me on, was the overall presentation.In Season 2, all the menus were creatively and stylishly put together, and it helped build the atmosphere of the game. Screens get scratchily erased when you move to another menu, everything's written in visually striking fonts, you get different scenes and music in the background depending on what point you're at in the story... it was all wonderful. Best of all were the songs that were played during each episode's end credits. They were always so sad but so beautiful, there was always a different one for each episode, and they really made the game feel richer and more weighty.In 'A New Frontier', it's nowhere near as good. All the menus are presented with bland fonts, bland layouts, bland boxes - they look more like the menus for computer systems or t.v. guides than for an exciting, creative game. Plus, the end credits music isn't as varied, or as interesting or atmospheric. It's a bit of a disappointment.But, like I said, all my objections are really just superficial, surface problems. How a gamelooksdoesn't matter nearly as much as its gameplay and story, and 'A New Frontier''s gameplay and story are still very engaging and worthy successors to the previous seasons. In all the areas where it really matters, 'A New Frontier' does just fine.So, all in all, I liked 'The Walking Dead: A New Frontier'. It does the same great job with its emotional, engaging gameplay and story as the other Walking Dead games did, but it would have been much better if it had had the same look, the same art style and the same creative, atmospheric presentation as Season 2 had."
,Not Recommended,536220,34041223,Posted: 5 August,all,counti,"This is the worst Telltale Adventure so far. The story is simple, boring and mostly predictable and the gameplay got even worse. I don't know how you can f*** up a game sequel after 2 incredible and one mediocre TWD Adventures, but they managed to do excactly that. I replayed the first two games, because it was interesting too see the different things that could happen, but the choices in the newest installment of the TWD series don't matter at all and the same things happen with each different answer."
76561198031174808,Recommended,536220,29073313,Posted: 6 January,all,MyglarN,"NO SPOILERS HERE :)I read all the negative reviews before buying and thought, is it worth it?And yeah, it was freakin worth it. The episodes were a bit short butman am I already hooked. Can't wait for the next episode.Great work TTG!"
,Recommended,536220,32180725,Posted: 4 June,all,Dman,"Certainly not the best Walking Dead game, the worst of the the past two seasons but It still exceeded my expecatations by far and put the same lasting effect on me just like the last games.I feel that Clementine should of had a bit more relevance in the game and the whole family issues storyline felt a bit undermining to the rest of the game. I definitely didnt get as attached to the characters as much as i thought i would, especially whereKate died at the end and you had to shoot her or not shoot her, but the other endings of the game hit me much harder when i watched them on youtube.However this was my first Walking Dead game that i've actually played and not watched and i must say i thought it was really good and definitely do not regret paying full price for it. In fact im probably going to replay throughout the whole game again at some point hoping that the next game/DLC which should be based round Clemetine will come out soon."
,Recommended,536220,32894972,Posted: 27 June,all,DevonCipre,"While people might be put off from teh Walking Dead Season 2 where you took control of Clem, fear not as teh story telling works much better as you once again take control of an older adult in the form of Javier. I really loved how the game feels like you are torn between taking sides more than in the first two season if you want to remain a more neutral stance between characters.Absolutely love the game in the end."
,Recommended,536220,33362917,Posted: 7 July,all,[ZG] AxiS,"Interesting fresh new characters introduced, though it felt a little rushed towards the ending. Nonetheless, still a great game, despite having much more potential."
76561197993440827,Recommended,536220,33453420,Posted: 11 July,all,Finlander,"Shortest one of the full lenght telltale games. I finished it in 8 hours, when other telltale games took 12 hours orso. Also this one was probably bit rushed, whatwith all the graphic glitches."
76561198235694100,Recommended,536220,33469969,Posted: 11 July,all,Fawinzariel,"Very good story and the ending had so many branches it took me a while to figure all that could have been changed throughout the game. Also loved the ""Your clementine has become [blank]"" in the ending, like you're building the character's future through the relationship between them and the one you play as. Great game. Absolutely recomended."
76561198070067421,Recommended,536220,32070728,Posted: 30 May,all,L-JK,-It's too short-The characters hardly get time to develop-Decisions in the first few eps are so guidedBUT-Characters get better-Decisions get more varied-Sets up for a real sequelBuy it on sale/10
,Recommended,536220,32072631,Posted: 30 May,all,Looroon,"Many people do not recommend this game as they believe the writing is bad, and the previous seasons were better.If you're a long time TWD Game fan like me, I doubt this should bother you.While the playthrough has a very different feel, I personally feel it's because Clem is the only surviving character from the previous games. As she is older, she also acts different in certain ways.So yes, season three is -very- different. That doesn't mean it's immediately horrible. But I still thoroughly enjoyed it, and I'm certain many long time fans will too."
,Recommended,536220,32136262,Posted: 2 June,all,Fate,WHERE IS KENNY!?
,Recommended,536220,32144619,Posted: 2 June,all,RustyFamily,"Long story short if you liked the previous two, it's true, you'll be a bit dissappointed, but other than that good game. People are quick to compare the previous two to this one for obvious reasons, but when you stop comparing them it's a good game, not great like the others, but good. Some endings are flat out boring, but others are actually quite hearbtreaking.  A lot more choices, you could kill off someone but keep them for nearly the rest of the game. The small decisions also matter, you could have the love of your life with you and more family with you by the end, or be (nearly, haven't seen all endings) alone. They definitley put a lot more work into this game, they just put too much into it that they sort of skipped over the really really good character development they've had with Lee and Clementine. Javiere and Gabe have that father-son bond but you don't see it until the end (depending on the end). So far I've seen plenty of endings wheather that be having a bunch of your family dead or have quite a bit, or have everyone there but everyone♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at you. But please, if you enjoyed the other two, try this one, it won't meet your expectations, but it sure makes one hell of a game. (one of the endings brought a tear to my eye not as sad as Season 1's but still REALLY sad)."
,Recommended,536220,32842964,Posted: 26 June,all,l o u d,"Amazing, I loved the way they made the ending.SPOILERS:Like at the credits when it showed your relationships with the characters. Like my relationship with Kate was romantic and stuff like that and I found the ""your clementine"" really interesting."
,Recommended,536220,32912811,Posted: 27 June,all,Terminalpro,Very good game but the 4 chapter archivements cant be get
76561197992254193,Recommended,536220,33093675,Posted: 1 July,all,Ragin' Toad,"Although Clem just plays a side role here, I like this game. The characters grew on me pretty much. There are some weird things that I dont get, like Tripp banning you from his camp, but after you come back from the junkyard he lets you back in anyway. There are in my opinion some of these minor logical flaws in the story. But overall this is not the worst story, I actually dig this season more than the crappy second one. I really hope TellTale will produce another season that focuses more on Clem, and we get to know what happened to AJ."
76561198040228503,Recommended,536220,33162341,Posted: 2 July,all,CholeAndMaxine,"Before i write this, I played all walking dead series (except michonne).if u like just watching game goes by,worth to buy it."
,Recommended,536220,33479375,Posted: 12 July,all,Rhyslos,"so i guess i am kinda disapointed in this game. It didnt really live up to the previous titles but the thing i like the least about this game is that its far more cutscenes and too little gameplay. Actually moving around and doing stuff is significantly decreased from the previous titles. The game feels mostly like a movie filled with QTE gameplay and with a couple of choises that somewhat changes the story a bit and then a few big impact choises. The thing i dont like is even with the big impact choises a character still dies despite how much you want him/her to survive.if you liked the first and second series then dont have too big of a hype for this game, deffo dont compare this game to the previous titles but its still a good game, i just wouldnt buy it for the full price it is now."
,Recommended,536220,34241009,Posted: 14 August,all,bollubusta123,Loved it! <3
76561198047935332,Recommended,536220,28917915,Posted: 1 January,all,Akarou De Voiture,I remember conrad died. now he's back.Respawn/20
76561198348559133,Recommended,536220,29116302,Posted: 8 January,all,LG2001,"There are a few people upset about the fact that your choices from the previous seasons don't have a large impact. Despite this, I still really enjoy the story. We get to see an older badass Clementine, which is awesome. As seen in the trailer, they've also introduced some comic/tv characters in the game like Paul Monroe, which is pretty cool. The first episode was split into two parts and are only about an hour long each, which may be a disappointment. Hopefully the upcoming episodes are longer. I can't wait to see what happens next.Overall this game was not bad after finishing the story, but I would have preferred to play as Clementine. I would reccomend this game.7/10"
,Recommended,536220,32081214,Posted: 31 May,all,Hundar,"In my opinion I don't think it's fair to compare walking dead season 1 and walking dead new frontier on how good the storylines are. They are both very different.Unfortunately, episode 5 was a brutal one where up to 4 people died, the way that David died in my game was a tad bit unorthodox with gabe shooting him and not me but it does kind of take you back to the time where Clementine had to shoot lee. Through this you can see Clem through Gabe.The game has left too much for people to desire so I think that there will be another season based on this storyline in the future with Javier, Gabe and Clementine involved.I'd recommend this game to a player who wants to sink their teeth in to a juicy game series... But if you're new to TWD I'd reccommend you watch season 1 and 2 at the very least or even play them if you have the time so you have an understanding of what's gone down so far."
76561198121910464,Recommended,536220,32157604,Posted: 3 June,all,Peanutbuster,This game had me crying just like the first one did. It had an amazing story even though it was a bit slow at first.
76561198011999676,Recommended,536220,32204971,Posted: 5 June,all,Sgt.Hartman,"Not as good as the previous seasons,but definitely worth playing.Clem is in it and that's good enough for me :)"
,Recommended,536220,32228057,Posted: 6 June,all,Sigma005,"So I can not tell you how much I like or I mean LOVE this game!I was waiting and waiting for this and then .... I missed the game. BUT, I still loved it!Good things:1. I really love the story and with many heartbreaking times!2. Action AND Action! And I really mean it!3.The graphic development of the other games is amazing!3.1. The zombies look so much ... smelly ... no ... better? Hm ... no! Eh .... idk! YouKnow what I mean !!Not so bad things:1. high and low ... and i mean no rest ACTION!2. YOUR NEVER SAFETY! You will almost AlMOST! Never be safe!DAS IT!"
76561198062857402,Recommended,536220,33468195,Posted: 11 July,all,Patryk. #Nostalgia,"Well i dont get those negative reviews , i've enjoyed it.One of my favorite telltale story."
76561197976684554,Recommended,536220,34096601,Posted: 7 August,all,vinnygamer888,Great graphics and great story. I didn't care that I was using a new character for most of this season. Clementine's coming back in season 4. I really enjoyed this season. Looking forward to season 4.
76561198070730266,Recommended,536220,35010026,Posted: 16 September,all,jandelin01,"Well start to off, I'm gonna give this game a rating of 7/10.Personally I liked this game a bit less than the other 2, sure this game had its momentsof panic, hard choices and characters that you cant stand, but thats only what gets the adrenaline going, but somethings made it just really stupid.But overall the game was decent. The one thing that seems bad to me is the fact that the game lenght was 5h shorter than the first season. They seem to keep getting shorter and kinda rushed, so I hope they make season 4 longer.So these are my pros and cons:Pros:Textures have been improvedThe colour saturation is better than previouslyCons:With better graphics quality, comes worse FPSToo shortEvery character except AJ and Clem were new, so you didn't have that certain feel or connection to them, which made it so that certain people didnt even find this even that emotional (to me 1st and 2nd were actually really sad at times) I didn't shed a tear in this one, of course I felt bad for some of the characters but that certain connection to them was missing. A.K.A = Need more feels!The action scenes were too ""intense"", like the music they had playing during almost every action scene was just getting absurd, and altogether they were kinda boring ( almost every button you had to press was already shown, when in the 1st or 2nd one, some of the would popup at a certain point, and some of the animations just took way too long)Some of the choices you had to make, were completely different from what the game would actually say. ( The part where Clem shot the bullet dealer and you had to either tell the truth or protect Clem was the most confusing)There was almost no times you actually had to do the walking on your own and search for stuff, mostly it was just you doing the action scenes and answering questions.Some of the controls were really off (the mouse was the worst one, sometimes it might just move on its own when you walk)Final toughts:Feel like this game series doesn't need that good engine/new engine, the old ones were fine, like this game has to be played on my computer with almost the worst settings (previous ones went perfectly on 60 FPS, and this one around 20-40) = most textures are just pixel mesh, and that kinda takes you out of the immersion, and it was kinda buggy. Sometimes voice lines wouldn't play or textures would clip through walls. Like I think the only thing that from the old engine could be tweaked is the colour thingy, the graphics don't matter that much (the graphics from the 2nd one are enough). But if your FPS is♥♥♥♥♥♥ then that most likely takes you out of the immersion, which probably ruins your experiences.I'm only recommending this because of the story."
,Recommended,536220,28958168,Posted: 2 January,all,SKinny®,Was actually really fun and honestly a step up from season 1-2
,Recommended,536220,30869821,Posted: 1 April,all,WrongGear,"Ok, to begin with i'm going to put my biases out on the table: I play Telltale games while drunk.That being said, I feel like many people get the wrong idea about what these games are. they expect super important decisions that are going to drastically change gameplay. They aren't. every choice you make will always land you around the same ending point as everyone else. The best way to think about it is like it was a TV show where you picked the moment to moment decisions, but the producers still decided where the episode went. It's honestly a great game to kick back, have a few drinks, and just enjoy the story without needing to have twitch reations or whatever, If that doesn't sound like something you'd enjoy then these games aren't for you. If you're sitting there thinking ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ sounds like an awesome addition to my drinking nights."" then you're going to love it."
,Recommended,536220,32077727,Posted: 30 May,all,MEISTER T BONE,"Episode 5 made up for alot of mistakes.Also, if your gonna judge, dont go commenting on this review and being a toxic little ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,536220,32153657,Posted: 3 June,all,Dracobite,Super fun and interesting. worth every penny spent!10/10
76561198064025790,Recommended,536220,32153670,Posted: 3 June,all,Alvelon,Good game but not as good as The walking dead 1 and 2
,Recommended,536220,32188351,Posted: 4 June,all,TheYKGames,"If you like The Walking Dead games by Telltale you would probably like this one too but this game didn't feel like Season 3 it is more like Season 2.5 even when you look at the title you see that it say ""The Walking Dead: A New Frontier"" not Season 3, There are few stuff that I hated about this game but I don't want to give any spoilers..overall it is a good game I like it and I enjoyed it."
76561198032154576,Recommended,536220,32281337,Posted: 8 June,all,KiyoPi,"Just finished up and I liked the little twists and character building they added in. These story types are for the casual gamer that also likes the show. I got through the whole thing in about 7 hours, but will likely play through again to see the different reactions and to see if I can save everyone (which I know it isn't possible for some, but aeh, worth a try right). IMO better than season two (which was a little rough to watch, likely due to the age of Clem the main charater). If you liked season 1 and the shorter add ons but wasn't a fan of season 2, I think A New Frontier brought back the original feel and you'll be able to jump right back in. I think the story focus around Clem is ok, but playing as her to me feels odd. Still, highly recommend this series as a whole."
76561198149146392,Recommended,536220,32837024,Posted: 26 June,all,The Chickenman,"I can really only recommend this on sale. Definitely better than season 2, I actually liked the characters as much as the ones in season 1. Telltale needs to stop writing Clem off as an adult though. It's just not believable she's like 14 and they write her off as a 20 something year old girl. What kinda crackhead trusts a 14 year old with their life? WHY IS NO ONE EASILY OVERPOWERING THIS LITTLE GIRL?!?!?!"
,Recommended,536220,33070749,Posted: 30 June,all,καʟαschɳιkσʋα,"What's with the negative reviews?It's great, I recommend it."
,Recommended,536220,33198081,Posted: 3 July,all,Macan,"Feels like another walking dead spinoff.   The story is decent.  You barely playing as clementine (you only play as her in the flashbacks). Season 3 has better interactions between characters (Only the major tho), every each of the characters will get different interactions in the end.Each episodes are kinda short tho, its about 45-90 minutes each (i got 9 hours with maybe 1/2 hours afk's) and there are some glitch but its still acceptable.And also few characters death, just weird and frustrating (crippled)(IYKWIM)Overall this game is ok if you get this on sale.and telltale please, Bring back characters from previous season or at least let us play as clementine more.."
,Recommended,536220,33404244,Posted: 9 July,all,✯ Kautch ✯,"I understand why people are hating on it- new characters- short game- long time skipbut overall its a great game, i had very fun playing and streaming this with my friend :DI just hope that season 4 isnt 5 years later in a diffrent country or something xd"
76561198355816169,Not Recommended,536220,33608139,Posted: 17 July,all,Dangerous,i have direct x error . is it because my computer windows 7 ?
76561198054644116,Recommended,536220,28820565,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,f.f.o.fallings,Well... It comes worse and worse. I do not know what kind of problems there are in writers' souls... But the story slowly turns into decadent's novels...But nevertheless it's still good enough to play. So... Now let's wait for better ones pieces of the story... hope so...I'd like it better - but what is me in this?
,Recommended,536220,32071859,Posted: 30 May,all,Dedude007,"I like that they had specific directors for the episodes it made them come together better. personally this is my second favorite TTG, season 1 being first, as the story in this game is incredible in my opinion. most definitely reccomend!"
,Recommended,536220,32076696,Posted: 30 May,all,PublicPotato,"Good Game! I liked it unlike most, very different from all the other games."
76561198029747403,Recommended,536220,32235973,Posted: 7 June,all,"Just me, man","Although it cannot be compared with the previous seasons I still loved the game. It is not as emotional as the other games but some decisions still leave you with too little time to decide. Sadly the end was not as clearing and expected.Fans of the series will like it anyways, like me."
76561198233478704,Recommended,536220,32297869,Posted: 9 June,all,swagamanius,It's good. I think the game is good and i like how Clem will make decisions based on season 1 and 2
,Recommended,536220,33541387,Posted: 14 July,all,Damxon,"Dear producers,As a TWD Fan, all we wanted from you is the make Clementine as a main playable character in Season 4.You guys did a very good job in S3, we can't regret it but personally, I waited for the parts of Clementine.FFS I KILLED A DOCTOR FOR HER, SIRJUST BRING HER BACK"
,Recommended,536220,34073547,Posted: 6 August,all,Korea,I personally think this is the best walking dead game thus far. I cant wait to see what Telltale has in store for us next!
76561198165595501,Recommended,536220,30824095,Posted: 29 March,all,James,not as powerful of a story as the first sesion i dont mind not playing as clem but what really gets me are the bugs. trees fadding in and out of existans walkes just dissapering and black frames pop up randomly it kinda ruins the fun
,Recommended,536220,32069250,Posted: 30 May,all,ProtoHunter,"I started the game off worried, but this most recent epsiode made me fall in love with this game just as much as season 1"
,Recommended,536220,32743655,Posted: 24 June,all,Ray G. Quit,"At this point it's not a matter of me recommending this game - if you played the previous seasons and enjoyed it then you want to see how the adventure ends. Well, it doesn't end here, because season 4 is already announced, but it's just another step in Clementine's story. As for the New Frontier - it's a job well done as you'd expect from Telltale games, but episode 5 was really really lackluster. Could be better, but the game was good overall."
76561198288130849,Recommended,536220,33046601,Posted: 30 June,all,Prairie Dog,"PROS: Clementine, Javier, Kenny, Kate, AJ, all the other good charactersCONS: Everything else"
,Recommended,536220,33066769,Posted: 30 June,all,Dr. Eunimie,Awesome story and very nervous things. My favourite Teltalle game.And you must revolution of the Clem
,Recommended,536220,33421176,Posted: 9 July,all,yeah,time to wait 2 years for season 4 zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
,Recommended,536220,33702236,Posted: 21 July,all,mk2305,"Telltale once again has made another masterpiece. Don't listen to the other reviews, everything that made Season 1 and 2 great is still here. Love the story! It may be a completely new main character, but you still feel like you're playing The Walking Dead. Looking forward to play Season 4 as Clementine in 2018. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,33885888,Posted: 29 July,all,Darth Butt,"The writing, characters, and story are so much worse than what is expected from Telltale, especially after classics like Season 1. In addition, it outright steals the ending from Season 1 without any of its deserved buildup and emotional impact. This is unfortunately a victim of the recent ""Telltale formula"", which is a shame."
76561198202022263,Recommended,536220,34109736,Posted: 8 August,all,Fallen Brony,"I was expecting to be playing as Clem again but I was happily surprised when they introduced the new characters. It really does feel like you're watching Clem grow up into a badass woman! This season is definitely more action packed then the others. The series did need a bit of a shake up from all the feels!The game is based on a post-apocaliptic world, infested with Zombies. TWD (The Walking Dead) forces y!ou to make hard dissisions throughout the game which puts you in the shoes of your character.One word... JESUS!!! And with that I leave you my rating 10/10"
76561198029546263,Recommended,536220,32740337,Posted: 24 June,all,Mr.Wolfix,"Just finished the game and I must say I really liked it. Sure, there isn't a character like Lee or Kenny from previous games, only Clementine, who is really badass a make up for other characters. The new main char. Javi isn't bad either. In comparison with season 1 and 2 ... I still like season 2 the best, because of Clem, who is my favourite char. but the choices here are good (even if only few somehow matters) and you can get sweet taste of revenge too. The ending is also fine and sets mood for another season.Thinghs I don't like - it's too short in comparison with previous seasons, especially episode 5 /Death of Kenny or Jane at the beginnig just seem stupid and not necessary, particularly Kenny's/ Some choices could be confusing - for example the situation -> man and his wife are arguing and you have choice to 'Tell him off' so I imagine it would be like telling him to back of or chill out but you tell him his wife wants to leave him, heh ... need to go back a good 10/15 minutes of playing to change thatIt's still worth the full price though. In a sale it's a, must for a fan"
76561198108055197,Recommended,536220,28499590,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KRANEOXIII,"none of this would of happen if javi and his family of illegals just accepted trumps offer to be sent over the wall, then maria would of been still alive, happy and graceful in the slums of Juarez.taco/10"
,Recommended,536220,28493812,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Butterzwerg,SO NICE
,Recommended,536220,28532267,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Suleiman,"Once again a masterpiece by telltalegames, you will really like it if you have gone through any of telltalegames's games or you like a good story."
,Recommended,536220,28776941,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,vf,ALPHA CLEM PogChamp
,Recommended,536220,28494213,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KB_TheDireWolf,As always Telltale has delived an awesome story full of twist and turns. Expect the unexpected is all am going to say.My live playthrough of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wizsKpO3-No
76561198118540158,Recommended,536220,28542423,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,NotSebastianooo,"Great game. Grate story paceing.Great characters, too bad that they'll all die.Besides Clem, that is.No, for real... they probably won't just let it end like season 2. Would they?Clementine is back. But this time she picks her choices on her own, while you contol some random dude, that gets his family slaughtered away member by member, whose(Javier btw) only purpose is to be Clementines baggage... And to save his family, of course, but god knows no returning player will ever realy care for the new randoms. We are all too damaged after season 2.Controlling a new Charecter is not only a bad thing, since we now get to see Clementine from the outside again and get to experience her behavior, that is influenced by how we raised her and what choices we made in the last two seasons. Well, at least it seemed like that to me. With Telltale you never know.But honestly Javier only looks like a good Character because you control him. Control him to be nice to Clementine, who you have already grown to like. This is all he needs to do, so I personally still like him.10/10 fingers on Clementines hands for me after ep2. So, did I do anything particularly right?"
76561198073922193,Recommended,536220,28521173,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SkyCloud,"Within the first half an our of starting this game, seeing its insane story telling and charaters, new graphics engine and new story for loyal fans and new-comers allike, I know without doubt that this is the BEST TELLTALE GAME YET!  10/10"
,Recommended,536220,28941628,Posted: 2 January,all,Bhudiyo,It's really nice game give a chance to decide yourself all the things and from that story goes that's so cool really nice game!
,Recommended,536220,28634693,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,shaoyiyu6666,"I don't know man. Can someone tell me if there's something ❤️❤️❤️❤️ing hidden behind the script or is it just destroying the series. And also, the Chinese interpretation sucks. How can People play this s💛💛💛 when they click the choice that means the opposite"
,Recommended,536220,28494093,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Originally™,"When I pre-purchased the game this morning, I was sitting in my seat staring at the sale end timer for it to hit 0 and for me to be able to download the game. I've been looking forward to this game FOREVER, I can legitmitely say that Telltale's The Walking Dead series are in my top 3 games I've EVER played. Now onto the review.SPOILER ALERT!(Obviously)Episode 1:I jumped into the episode seeing stuff I already knew from the launch trailer and afterwards I see that I'm playing as Javier now. Honestly, my first impression was that I thought playing as Javier was gonna be boring (I was hoping I'd play as Clem first, but you do get to take control of her occasionally) but I was wrong. Javier brings a fresh new personality to the mix that you're used to in TWD. I enjoyed playing as him and slowly am starting to feel emotionally attached (Almost there). As always I feel like my choices do in fact matter (Side note: You can obviously import your decisions from TWD Season 2, which I did.). I'm also loving the graphics upgrade, everything looks nicer but still has that unique Telltale look that all their games has. Back to the game, I was super immersed in the game. I was streaming the first 2 episodes and found myself not talking as much and just letting the story play out, and that's okay. The episode ended on a pretty good cliff hanger but I wasn't too worried as they released the first 2 episodes anyway. Also during episode 1, we met Clem and little later on we got a peek into what happened between now and the end of Season 2. It all depends on what decisions you generated in their story generator if you didn't import saves from last season. Overall, loved the first episode and got me super excited for the coming ones.Episode 2:Second episode opened up with another blast from the past, this time from Javier's story line including Kate and David. After that scene, it cuts to present time depending on what decision you made to either stay with Clem and fight or leave with your family. Now I'm not gonna talk about my personal decisions because people will obviously disagree so yeah, do whatever you did. This episode was full of decisions where I had to actually pause the game and actually think on my decisions, this is actually a good thing. I want my decisions to be the smartest choice for me personally so I take my time and think on it, which in turns makes me SUPER immersed in the game and world itself. Later on in the episode I was excited to see a familiar face. For those of you who are caught up with AMC's The Walking Dead, recognize Jesus (Paul) popping up towards the end of the episode. Honestly I just assumed Jesus in the game is like how his TV show counterpart is, so I trusted him. Maybe a bad choice, maybe not. One of the highlights in this episode was honestly the end. Again, I already stated there's spoilers so I'll just say it. You end up finding out that the leader of ""The New Frontier"" is Javier's brother David, now in the previous episodes, it is unknown what happens to Javier's family after the whole Dad chews off Mom's face dilemma. And it was just a HUGE mind♥♥♥♥ to me and it left me EVEN MORE hyped for the next 3 episodes. I just hope Telltale takes their time with the rest of the series and either A: Has a good conclusive ending. or B: Teases a Season 4 possibly(?). So overall, loved the first 2 episodes. Really looking forward to the rest and will always be a passionate fan of Telltale's TWD."
76561198342220205,Recommended,536220,28497114,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,WhiterDruid,Very fun game can not wait for episodes 3-5
76561198025879746,Recommended,536220,28511238,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Cpt_Crayon,wow dident espect only 2 epesodes...
76561197963859522,Recommended,536220,28515379,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Haug.E Niller,I'ts good
76561198164739527,Recommended,536220,28494550,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,HIKKI,The best game of the year!!
76561198049957687,Recommended,536220,28857731,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dan,"Hmmmm ok, I love TWD Games but this man (I've only played episode 1)Spoiler SpoilerThe way they killed off Kenny was just utter♥♥♥♥♥♥/Spoiler]"
76561198132129909,Not Recommended,536220,28735085,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MasterTanuki,"I could not even enjoy the game to the end cause it kept on crashing on me, I didn't have any trouble with the last two seasons of the Walking Dead on my PC; After I was able to do episode one, I try episode two and it kept on crashing and I wanted to replay episode one over again and it still crashed. I should had listen to my gut and got it for console then for PC"
76561198027331617,Recommended,536220,28494676,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bearded Luchador,10/10 get to smoke bud. 420 blaze it
76561197995391894,Recommended,536220,28951796,Posted: 2 January,all,Mikeus Da Wolf,More action than the last two seasons and not giving away what happens but already killed off one A hole and already opened fire on a group and I’m already 2 episodes in!!Graphics have improved since season 1 & 2 looking more visually stunning than ever a good buy for anyone that has played the previous two games which I would recommend any new people playing first otherwise you will not have a clue what’s going on there is a way for previous players to recreate the main events in the other two games but not enough to give an idea of the whole two stories and of course you can upload your saves if you have them to hand.Played and tested on my laptop with a GTX950M so I can say this graphics card is more than capable giving youa great experience on the go for laptop players
,Recommended,536220,28948011,Posted: 2 January,all,El Captain Jacky,Awesome
76561198118981905,Recommended,536220,28494001,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Captain Jack Sparrow,the most awesomest game I've ever seen.The sad thing is:We are not playing as clementineThe good thing that makes this game UBER-COOL is.......Clementine is more badass than usual she should be.By the way I'ts the best game of 2016 to 2022
,Recommended,536220,28510921,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TSG | Doctor Dank,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561197985120235,Recommended,536220,28493608,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,נσкєя,i saw only main screen best game
,Recommended,536220,28494246,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,East India Company,The game was at a good steady pace then Jesus shows and that just boosted it up even more. Plus Clem is back
76561198072131405,Recommended,536220,28495026,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,AmericaBall,"Great First Episode, but the only problem is with the Assualt rifle at the End of the Episode otherwise. Great to have Clementine backEpisode 19.5/10Episode 210/10 (great Cliffhanger)"
76561198142533371,Recommended,536220,28574197,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kekistani Squeaker (im on twitch,"welp, its kay. they killed my fav character in a teen driving segment (gone wrong!) (Almosy shot!) (In the hood!) (Gone violent!) (Gone uncle!)"
,Recommended,536220,28495402,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,yo boi ducc da ducc bandit,This is probably the first telltale game where I was in a minority of 5%. Nice.I recommend the game btw pretty fun
,Recommended,536220,28930320,Posted: 1 January,all,Liquid Kirk,i like Javi's baseball jerseys
,Recommended,536220,32095317,Posted: 31 May,all,Zeevolte,"I really enjoyed this game. It told a good story and had some unique characters, Although it may not be the best season of The Walking Dead I feel that telltale made a good game and had alot of plot that you probably wouldn't get unless you play season 1 or 2. But if you like Clementine or a The Walking Dead show you will like this game."
,Recommended,536220,28496443,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Fujiwara Tofu,why did mari have to die q-qand why did javier's brother have to be the leader of the new fronteir q-q
76561198083680953,Recommended,536220,28514033,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,mikomiku,"choice option :1. help clementine2. go with ur familyWOW, Which dumbass made this option when they clearly know we buying this game for clementine. i would fk myself if clementine told me to fk myself upanyway, having a 2 episode released right away, i fine with it but what the point? why not just made it into one episode?"
76561198015166891,Not Recommended,536220,32702138,Posted: 23 June,all,Kamuro,"Way better than season 2. But that doesn't say much. The graphics got improved, and it's interesting to see Clementine grow up. The new characters aren't bad either. It's just that the gameplay is non existant, and the writing is your deus ex machina every time the weiter needs it. The first season got away with it, because it was new, and it was emotional. Season 3 didn't connect with me at all, emotionally and felt more like a popcorn movie. At least it felt like some kind of conclusion to the story"
,Not Recommended,536220,28502022,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gwendolyne,"My initial review after the first two episodes was that of a reluctant thumbs up but after playing Episode 3 I definitely have to change that to a thumbs down. I'm hoping after the next two episodes I'll be able to honestly bring it back up again but seeing how things are going thus far it doesn't seem like Telltale will be able to come back and rise up enough, we've gone too far down.Third episode was an absolute disappointment. Not only was it sad because of how much shorter the episode was but honestly the storytelling itself has gone pretty downhill.Pretty much none of the new characters are likable from my own viewpoint, so I don't feel as compelled to make a good decision for everyone when I partially just want everyone to die already.The romance with Kate is extremely annoying, not only is she (in my opinion) one of the worst characters ever brought into this series, the fact that she keeps gettinng pushed on to Javi no matter what decisions you make is just downright awful. I've avoided every single interaction with her and given her the cold shoulder whenever possible but the awful storytelling makes it so that every character keeps asking about our supposed (nonexistent) romance. It doesn't make sense why everyone's hinting about Javi being in love with her or being really close to her when I won't really even return her hugs. There's also that whole portion where they're really pushing for Javi's brother to ""find out"" but what is there to find out?Another thing that really bothered me was the direction the story has taken, it's just so confusing. Not in a good way where you don't know who to believe and it's a tough moral decision but just in the sense that no matter who ends up to be wrong/right it just won't make sense either way. So confusing, and really hard to bounce back from.The first season of this game was very solid, the second was decent enough, this one is just not worth it. I was excited for this but I have to be honest and the review might change after the next episodes but for now just know that I'm unhappy.EDIT: Still slightly unhappy but Episode 4 did come back upwards again"
76561198045853876,Recommended,536220,28504640,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Underdeveloped Potato,"i see some negative reviews saying that they dont like the game purely becasue of a main character becoming a side character but i see no issue with that seeing as how they were a side character in the first game, but i disagree javier is a welcome new character for me and im currently in love with the game the second episode left me on the edge of my seat thristing for more just like the previous 2 seasons i can so no reason why you shouldent get this game if you like the first and second seasons its exactly what it needs to be in my opinon, only issue i have is that the cell-shading in some sceans is off either missing or overlapping with the smooth textures on there faces"
,Recommended,536220,28504755,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SFan4Life,"Play as if you were javi and forget about how much you bonded with clem, it'll make the game much more enjoyable."
76561198278508781,Recommended,536220,32093780,Posted: 31 May,all,milly jeory,"This game is amazing. One of the best , mabey even the best teltale game series"
,Recommended,536220,28871446,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,bearadigm,“Little girl torture simulator”. if you enjoy suffering this game is for you
,Recommended,536220,28878086,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lloyd00,"Telltale did it again. I only played the first episode, but it's an absolute gem."
76561198012049956,Recommended,536220,28494105,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Hængeklumpen,"Much better chareters this time around, though still same fake choice type of story. but it's worth playing."
,Recommended,536220,28505091,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,"Cutscene camera work is better than any other telltale game. While the gameplay style is the same it all feels new thanks to a fully realized movie style that was missing from a lot of the other games. Combined with some half decent visuals the game feels realistic.My issues are mainly with the writing, and the game camera. The writing is really odd and instead of advancing the story through implications, figuarative language, and actions. It chooses to advance the story through basically telling and exaplaining everything directly. It is really annoying and makes me wonder whether or not a different writing team was used for this game compared to the original or even season 2.The game camera is trash and it makes manuevering difficult in certain situations."
,Recommended,536220,28527358,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hyp3r,"Really enjoyable game. Good writing, improved graphics (maybe?), interesting main character. Yes the first two episodes are short but they did what they needed to without unnecessary filler so I feel it's better they were short. If you loved the first two games then you'll have fun with this."
76561198095048573,Recommended,536220,28690373,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Miss Gray,"I was very surprised by the amount of negative reviews I found, because while playing the game I instantly felt the thrill  I have had while playing the previous seasons. While I can relate to the issues people have with the newest installment, I personally feel very different about them.So ... we can't play as Clem. That sucks, sure. She's basically a side characters and that thing, because we've practically raised that girl. But I knew that going in and telltale actually managed to immediately make me care about the new characters without diminishing Clem's meaning.Then there's the fact that sometimes thre are choices to make between Clem and something else. Obviously we know more about Clem than our new characters does, so people argue that the desicions are not easy at all. For me, these decisions were the hardest. I love Clem, but while making these decisions I still focused on my characters, on what was the right thing to do, on what I personally would be able to live with in the situation and int hat case I found myself not chosing Clem every time. Which was incredibly hard to do and cleary the unpopular choice based on the statistics. I guess it just depends on how you chose to play, how you immerse yourself ...Anway, gameplay is so much better and way more organic and the graphics also picked up, so that's a plus also.The only negative thing I'll have to point out is the fact that episode really did turn out ot be al ot shorter. It pulls you out too soon. In the previous installments you spent a whole evening/night with with these characters and it gave you the chance to actually feel like a part of the experience. Not so much this time. Hopefully that will change with the next one."
76561198001046279,Recommended,536220,28691763,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Charlie Warlie,I'd say this chapter is on par with the previous chapters. I think we all know that the choices you make won't really matter from chapter to chapter. If you're upset about that then you won't like this game. But I've enjoyed the story and the method that it is told so I liked it.
76561198287283265,Recommended,536220,32388854,Posted: 13 June,all,Fastefor,what makes this game so good:1.because  i like clementine she is the best character ever2.the story is good3.Amazing Graphic4.A new gameplaybest character:1.clementine2.jarvi3.tripp4.conrad5.ava
76561198103610226,Recommended,536220,32348410,Posted: 11 June,all,MiscaX,Another HIT game from one of my favorite game dev teams :) this season was intense :D and sad... im really happy with the improvements that the game had :) the characters and story are really good. everyone should play telltales twd games because they are all awesome!
76561198163466013,Recommended,536220,32261457,Posted: 7 June,all,*Fr0ggy*xFr35hx*R4p5*,"An amazing game with great characters; I was a big fan of the last two and I think this out do's both. The story is very heart felt, but over the top at times. I really recommend this game to anyone, but there's one thing you need to know before you buy, the gameplay isn't good; its just pressing a few buttions. If you want a good story buy this game, I like to think of it as much more of a picture rather than a game. 8/10Spoilers:I feel the true ending is with Kate and Gabe. I have a problem with having to get that though, if you have to be a scumbag to Clementine a lot of the time, which I very much dislike. I also feel the that the choice was a bit to easier, they made Kate every likeable while Gabe and David were very much annoying and ♥♥♥♥♥y. I'm sure they'll fix problems like these in the future installments."
76561198005062065,Not Recommended,536220,28530223,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,我是你的爸爸,"The choices I have made in chapter 1 are all messed up in chapter 2, is this a BUG? are there anything worth ""playing"" if this element is wrong? Please fix it quickly. dying to play the new chapter, god the story is interesting. Also it seemed that I can't   access to view the ""my choice"" function. Fix it and I will give you the ""like"" you deserve, telltale."
,Recommended,536220,28493344,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Cheesefist,"Runs better than batman. thats already a plus in my book. Fullscreen is still buggy, but they could fix it. Very excited for whats to come, only wish I could play more as clementine. buts thats my opinion"
,Recommended,536220,33945648,Posted: 1 August,all,SnailMan,"dis game fikin sucked mjr dck bro, uninstall bro, kys bro,I loved it"
,Recommended,536220,28588772,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[C] Sgt Engee,"Overall, I'm pleased with this season so far and is a good contribution to the walking dead series from telltale. That being said, my biggest complaint is that of likely everyone else. The first two of five episodes have been released on launch, but they each can be beaten in an hour (or less depending on your desire to explore/talk to the characters). If the story telling wasn't the same quality as before I would reccommend against buy. But since it's a question of yes or no, I will say yes. Especially if you've played the first two seasons. I look forward to seeing what happens in the next three episodes."
,Recommended,536220,28591758,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Head:CraB,"Once, I've said that The Walkind Dead Game from Tell Tale Games is the best story game I've ever played ... Still true! The feelings it gives me are the same that I've get in Season 1 and Season 2! Absolutely love it! I recomend to buy this game and support Tell Tale Games! They totally deserve it! 11/10"
76561197967112346,Recommended,536220,33964313,Posted: 1 August,all,Macurack,Best story of the seires so far. Looking forward to more.
,Not Recommended,536220,33916369,Posted: 30 July,all,SACRiFiCiAL LAMB,"This was definitely the weak link of the Walking Dead Telltale series. I felt they did a very poor job on the dialogue choices in the sense that sometimes you'd select an option and your character wouldn't say anything remotely close to the option you selected, causing the dialogue to reer close to how bad the fallout 4 dialogue was. The actual voice acting and what the characters had to say was pretty average, not bad, but not stellar either. One of the younger characters, gabe, was incredibly annoying and added little to the game in my opinion, his writing just felt very awful and they tried to force this relationship onto you that he was a character you should care about, but I couldn't help but get annoyed with every scene he was in.Freedom in general was stripped from the player, there were very few scenes where you could walk around and interact with your enviroment, it felt like you had much less choice then in past games. There were several occasions where it felt like they simply didn't write in the choices I made into the story, where suddenly things just wouldn't add up with the decisions I made previously and people would suddenly hate or like my character for no apparent reason and the only thing I can think of as to why was because the game expected me to have picked different choices than the ones I made along the way.There's also alot of texture glitches in episode 3-4 which I have no idea why they haven't fixed. Your characters backpack will be flying across the screen for basically the entire episode and were screen tearing lines will block your view in the cutscenes. This isn't an isolated incident as it seems like most other steam users have experienced this.This game isn't terrible, but I highly reccomend against it if you're not a diehard Walking Dead telltale fan, the first two were much more enjoyable and this one falls flat in virtually ever cataegory compared to it's predecessors."
,Recommended,536220,32387674,Posted: 13 June,all,Zoju,"I'm a fan of this series. Season 1 was unbelievably good and Season 2 was, in my opinion, a worthy successor with certain faults. Season 3 has its share of issues; the story was changed during development, which I'm sure affected the length of the episodes somewhat, making the game a 5-hour ride or so. This can end up making you feel a bit unsatisfied after some of them, trying to recount what you accomplished in this hour of interactive storytelling. Previous seasons with their 2-hour episodes had more of an oomph.The (almost) all-new cast is its own can of worms: on one hand, we get to see a completely new perspective on this zombie outbreak and see how the world works years into it outside of the Alexandria area in the comic, however, the game doesn't give you as much time to get attached to the characters as it used to, making the events feel less impactful sometimes.This season was criticized for its writing, but despite the short episodes and everything else, I have to disagree. Sure, parts of it felt a bit formulaic at this point, but this season really brings the level in making you feel conflicted and making you question your alliances and yourself, wondering if you were doing the right things. I also feel that the team went out of its way to make stories turn out differently; without spoiling anything, the last episode tied everything together nicely and managed to make me feel like the way I shaped my story actually mattered. The summary of decisions after the credits highlighted well how differently things could've turned out, which was a nice touch.The graphics are nice, hitting a nice balance between the comic book style of previous seasons and a beautiful, modern look. The voice acting is as usual. Sometimes the game could've used more sound effects; in chaotic crowd scenes and battle scenes, it felt a bit quiet at times.In the end, it was an imperfect, but enjoyable ride from one of my favorite series, and I'd recommend buying it if you had fun with the series so far."
,Recommended,536220,33866512,Posted: 28 July,all,Glitch,"A great follow up to the tragic series of events that have been the past two games. Never would I recommend something so depressing but I think that's the point. Death is the main factor and not everyone will get the ending they deserve but you can choose how the people around you past and present, change you as a person and to make the most of what time you have and in the end to keep on surviving. Some deep♥♥♥♥♥♥for a game about Zombies. Will be glad to play as clem for the last time in last and final season."
,Recommended,536220,32383236,Posted: 13 June,all,Raymon,"i uh feel a well concluded yet unfinished story being told. i loved the romance and loved the brotherood. but i also feel thats all their was. most often my decisions were decided based on whom i cared for more than which survival route was best. all though most great stories thrive off of that, i feel like twd is capable of not. but then again that might be just me. a sappy loner that falls for these arks.a great addition to clementines story as well as the the walking dead franchise. imma give it a solid 8/10 mainly cos i still feel there are decisions that should impact the story that don't at all and vice versa. awesome nonetheless! go get it my doods! ♥♥♥"
,Recommended,536220,32385724,Posted: 13 June,all,sijoje,"The game is no bad game, but I feel like it was worse than season 1 and 2. The carachters are good, the cinematics are good. The problem is that this is not a game. It is almost like a movie. The other games had the player do a lot of things to progress the story, but in this game, you rarely touched the mouse or keyboard at all."
,Recommended,536220,32404591,Posted: 13 June,all,Fishbones,"""I did all I could to protect them.""""Sometimes it's never enough.""Season 3 of the Walking Dead...been a while since the first two episodes aired. And now it has finished. What do I think? Well I actually liked it. This was a huge step up from season 2 in my opinion but it is still not as good or emotional as Season 1 was but there are some moments. This season is far from a gem. Years after season 2, you play as Javier Garcia, a man who is trying to protect what's left of his family. A desperate search for supplies introduces Javier to the New Frontier, a relentless faction that don't take kindly to outsiders. This season starts off weak, but then builds up to be something very good.PROS:-Javier as a protagonist, he's an adult, he is pretty much the leading voice of the group and he can stop or start arguments without getting pushed aside (Clem from season 2), plus he's a great character.-Visuals are improved, less style than the previous season, but the detail is there-Superb voice acting-Some of the hardest choices in the series, what are you willing to sacrifice?-Coices finally start to matter. The season starts off as the typical ""illuision of choice"" from Telltale, then by episode 3, you start to see some of your choices actually have consequences. Not all of them, but a fair amount.-Clementine is back and has developed into a pure badass, really well developed-Story, all things considered, is pretty good. Mainly focused on Javier's family relationship and Clementine's past.CONS:-Pacing is still an issue, gets really bad in the first two episodes, then improves, but doesn't get fixed-A lot of the side characters get pushed aside in the season, can't really relate and care for them-A lot of scenes get really akward because of the pacing and the odd character angles. Can get cringeworthy-Gabe is one unlikeable♥♥♥♥♥ constantly calls you out on stuff that saved his life and even he knew Javier's motivations. Telltale, if you wanted me to care about him, you did a terrible job of doing so.-Some annoying bugsTo conclude, The Walking Dead Season 3 is a step up from season 2, but it still doesn't get the crown that the first season has. When it's good, it's good, and when it's bad, it's bad. But overall it was a very good season and I can't wait to see what is next in Season 4.VERDICT: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,536220,33940362,Posted: 31 July,all,Zipomatic,"It's fair to say that the Walking Dead games are getting progressively  worse, however when you consider that the first two games in the series were ""awesome"" and ""fantastic"" being only a ""good"" game is not really a bad thing.As per usual you get a wonderful story following a cast of (new) survivors along with Clementine (who has been relegated to a supporting role this time around) but there seems to be more quick time events than before, and I do have a sneaking feeling that my decisions are not really impacting the story as much as it has in past games. I feel like if I don't shoot somebody, someone else will, so they will end up dead regardless of what I decide.Still, if you like Telltale's style of game and were a fan of the other two Walking Dead ""seasons"" then there is no reason at all for you not to play the third installment."
,Recommended,536220,28498378,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sonic from Legend of Mario,"[Written based on Episode 1 and Episode 2]A New Frontier... The trailer made me doubt if I should get it or not seeing as you would play with a new character in a new storyline, but so far I don't fully regret it. The story has a very swift pace to it, it's death after death which isn't too great and it's just filled with action.Pros:- Good story and a first time use of flashbacks to learn more about the characters and their backstory (Haven't played the Michonne one, prefer remembering comic book Michonne after the series semi ruined her, so no clue if this was implemented there already)- The new engine looks great, had some jittering between a few scenes(once or twice) but nothing to complain about. The action and cutscenes are still very smooth.- You can enter this game without having played the other two seasons, but I would not advise to do so.- Cloud saving on the Telltale servers, the last two seasons did not have it (when I played them), and ended up with corrupted saves twice, due to the game saving on both the Steam cloud and on the PC. Hopefully this way that won't happen now.Cons:- With every season the episodes feel shorter and shorter, so far compared to the first season there is a huge lack of dialog between other characters. There are no more/rarely long talks like the good old chats between Kenny, Lee and Katjaa. Where I recall the first season's episodes to take a good 2-3 hours per episode, I've finished 2 episodes in under 3 hours while fully exploring every single area you go through, and talking to every single person.- Everything feels a little bit too rushed, where as in season 2 everything felt incredibly slow.-If you decide to stay with Kenny, he dies in the most horrible way ever. For someone who spent 4-5 years with Clementine he is treated as a side character and dies in a flashback of not even 5 minutes long.Verdict so far:If you love The Walking Dead, be it the series, comics or the game, this is definitely a must have. Don't expect more than 10 hours of gameplay on your first playthrough however, seeing as 2 episodes are little under 3 hours.There are a lot of options to choose from at the start, which gives it some replay value. I haven't played with any other radically different starting options yet however, so I can't say if the game will be very different or not. As always though, the game has a good 2-3 replays in it so far.Update: Just had to read up some more information about the plans for this season and found out that they're trying to make this season and the comics tie in a bit more with each other. What I said before should be ignored, if anyone read it in the first place.The Whisper War takes place 4 years after the outbreak, the game could be taking a few months after that finished and Jesus is back scouting for new survivors and settlements to join Alexandria's community. It would be really awesome to see or atleast hear something about Alexandria and/or Rick's group. Maybe a reunion between Glenn and Clementine. Oh wait, he took it like a champ... :'("
76561198056097578,Recommended,536220,28498312,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,BiggieNiggie,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥! OH MY GOD!! WHAT? WHAT!!?? your reaction during this game. Plus the combat is awesome with sometimes slow motion effects which is amazing, story is also really good so far."
,Not Recommended,536220,34598771,Posted: 29 August,all,syoban,"I won't repeat the 'illusion of choice' criticism because Telltale games have always been like that and it never stopped their previous games from being poignant, interesting and at times funny (which says a lot about a quicktime game about zombies). I will however agree with most of the other criticisms. The characters range from ""OK, I guess?"" to downright obnoxious and/or boring. The obnoxious characters in season 1 & 2 felt fleshed out, they had a reason for being like that and you loved to hate them, or eventually maybe grew to love them - but here you'll spend most of the time hoping they die - but the game won't allow them to. In a game like this where it's mostly characters talking interspersed with the occasional quicktime event, that's an unforgivable sin.The voice acting is superb as usual, and the little we see of Clementine is a welcome respite to the rest of the problems. However, her odd 'motherhood' storyline rubbed me the wrong way - I understand what it was meant to be / represent but I just thought it erased some of what made Clem so great.If you are a fan of either Kenny or Jane, I would actually suggest not playing this as you may want to defenestrate yourself afterwards.In conclusion : dull and instantly forgettable, lost a lot of what made the first 2 seasons so brilliant, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rushed ending to a beloved character, don't get it unless it's ~$5 and you REALLY miss Clem"
,Recommended,536220,28515811,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,shoe,its pretty good i guess
76561197987630975,Recommended,536220,28692403,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Serendipity,Wonderfully written.
76561198065730705,Recommended,536220,28494626,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FlySC,"Wow... what a start. If you played The Walking Dead before you need to play this. Enough said.Played through all 5 episodes now. If you liked the previous ones, this one is a must. Also, choices ACTUALLY matter for this seasons ending, I guess Telltale finally noticed most of their fanbase complaining about their choices not having impact. If you have not played Walking Dead at all, start with season 1. If you like it, the other 2 are definitely worth it aswell."
,Recommended,536220,28493179,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,five,"Easily the BEST starting to any of The Walking Dead seasons, I mean, still some loose ends, but 2 episodes on launch??? That's easily the best Telltale game I've played to date.10/10 Easily"
,Recommended,536220,28493792,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Switch,I LOVE THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME !!!
76561198093062305,Recommended,536220,28525715,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SirYeshSir,"If you liked the previous ones, this one is good to pick up.If you haven't, this is a decent place to start, though I would highly recommend you start from the first game.Updated graphics looks great compared to the older titles and is probably the best in the tell-tale series to date.Controls for xbox takes a little getting used to and I haven't tried the keyboard/mouse.This game follows a different main character this time around with the emphasis on Clementines support role rather than a 'main character.' It takes place a few years after the events of Season/Part 2 which they fill in as you play probably somewhere in Virginia.As of 12/22/16, the game has done well to bring you back, but the filler of the Clementine's past leaves more to be desired at the moment.Gameplay, 8/10. Some cut scenes include characters which are supposed to be absent. Unless there's a conspiracy in the game.Sound/music, 7/10. The jump scares change the music drastically, then returns to normal in a short period, which throws me off.Graphics, 7/10. It's great in it's own way visually, but the animations do need work sometimes.Story, 7/10. For a user who's played the previous games, it leaves more to be desired as mentioned. The main character is good, but it's hard to care about them from the get go. Boners, weed, and periods.Overall, 7.5/10.I will revise when the game has all 5 episodes."
,Recommended,536220,32394321,Posted: 13 June,all,KYRIE,the best game ever :3Klem <3
,Recommended,536220,28501592,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Slender Chicken Boy,"I HAVE BEEN LIFTING MY FEEL WEIGHTS TO PREPARE MYSELF FOR THIS, AND IT HAS NOT WORKED ONE ♥♥♥♥ING BIT, ONLY ONE CHAPTER, AND MY FEELS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING DESTROYED!"
,Recommended,536220,32203220,Posted: 5 June,all,ShinyWolf,I loved how all of my choices came biting me in the♥♥♥♥♥and watching clam grow on her on reflecting my past choices
,Recommended,536220,32198320,Posted: 5 June,all,Cyberdemon,Another awesome story. I enjoyed the game.
,Recommended,536220,28570873,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Althric,"The Walking Dead: A New Frontier is a good game.I mean it's pretty much on the same level as the previous installment (Season Two) yet people think it's the worst of the series and overall a terrible game. Let me address this really quickly:No, this game is not perfect. But writing it off completely because they kill off beloved characters from previous installments with no way to save them shouldn't judge the entire game on a whole. Games have both good and bad parts. Yes, it was cheap and makes some of the endings to Season Two redundant, but one bad point doesn't make the entire thing terrible. A lot of the Walking Dead fanbase really need to take off their rose tinted glasses.That's all I really had to say. It's not really relevant to the review but people are genuinely deciding this is a terrible game because one aspect of it was handled poorly. Come the ♥♥♥♥ on. Jesus.So as I said before this game is good. It's really good. Not amazing, but it's really good. One thing I really liked was the visual style. It's certainly an upgrade from previous installments but still maintains elements that stick to the comic book style that the games go for. It's nice to look at. Some things definitely look better than others, like when they show big hordes of zombies for some reason they paste like these weird 2D-looking pre-animated zombies in the background that look like they're missing frames because the movements are really....blurry? I don't know. You'll see what I mean if you play it.Whilst the visuals are great, the animation still needs work. The Walking Dead games have always had this issue and I was really hoping they would've fixed it by now but there's still constant errors and it's obvious which models have had more work put into them than others. There's literally a scene where a woman is crying and screaming after having her ARM BROKEN and her face is static. I'm not exadderating at all. I've played it 3 times over and it happened each time, so it wasn't a glitch. It's obvious, with her being a very minor character, that her facial animations didn't have much work put into them. It felt kind of lazy and cheap. Also, without digging into it too much, as with every previous installment there's these constant jerky movements that happen to characters everytime there's a screen transistion. I can't really describe it but again you'll see what I mean if you play the game. Overall the animation is okay for the most part, but every now and then there's a moment that really takes me out of the moment.On to the main focus- the story. The entire point of this game series. A New Frontier's story is a solid entry to the series, but not without its problems. It's actually quite similar to Season Two, if not on par with it. It shares a lot of good points but also has the same problems, mostly the character deaths that are completely unavoidable no matter what you do. But we'll get to that. One of the most glaring issues is actually the pacing. The first 2 episodes go by very quickly. Especially compared to the first 2 games, which had really slowly paced episodes. As the game goes on the pacing does eventually pick up, but it feels like it really could've offered more at the start. The rushed beginning means character development is somewhat sacrificed, with the first episode alone having a LOT of exposistion forced into a scene or two. Like I said, though, the pacing really does smoothen out, even if the game on a whole goes by a lot quicker than the previous entries.The new characters introduced this time around are all pretty interesting. I liked Gabe especially. At the start he seems quite like the cliche angsty teen character, but as time goes on he's developed more and at points it feels like you care about him near the same level as you did for Clementine in Season One, like you just want to protect him. I can see people not liking the fact you don't play as Clementine here, but the unique dynamic that the things you say to Clementine or choices made about/for her ultimately decide what she becomes in the end when she goes on a new quest, which I won't give away because that's a spoiler. Some dialogue options for characters are kind of dumb, like you select one thing but the character says another. I tried taking the blame for something at one point but when Javier, the main character, said it out loud he BLAMED someone else at the same time. I don't know. I thought it wasn't specific enough.Anyway. That's pretty much all I have to say. On a whole it's pretty good and the positives outweigh the negatives without a doubt. Sure, denouncing the multiple endings to Season Two was probably a mistake on Telltale's part, but at the same time they used it to create an entirely new storyline that in itself is good."
,Recommended,536220,28506516,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,EVERYBODY,"You play as Javier, You do play as Clem during flashbacks in both episodes, The performance is great (played at 2k 60 fps) with no hick ups. Story is fantastic, writing is great, voice acting is great. All in all, even though it doesn't have the ""season 3"" title it surely feels like it and it truly an amazing game that grips you straight away with drama and feels (not the lee kind) but feels nonetheless.I am going to keep this simple, I recommend the game even though each episode is only 1hr long, shorter than previous titles but that hasn't diminished quality in the voice acting, story telling, or writing. Highly recommened for those that love TWD. Do not listen to haters that wanted to play as Clementine and not Javier, You get to play as both, 90% of Javier so far you play as him, but during flashbacks you do play as Clem for a short while, in the both episodes they released.Performance - 10/10Story Telling - 9/10Optimisation - 10/10Voice Acting - 10/10Writing        -  9/10The game is worth its price. Do not hate on the game because you don't get to play as Clementine, If you love Clem, when you play as Javier you can side with her in pinncle moments in the story. Trust me. Its a great game, and Tell Tale have done a great job, even though they did cut the episodes slightly shorter.The Walking Dead : A New Frontier, reminds me a lot of the Television show, Fear of the Walking Dead, At the start of the game anyway, then you transition to present day when Clementine is all grown up. Support Tell Tale because this is fantastic. Much better season so far, than Season 2 was."
,Recommended,536220,29061217,Posted: 6 January,all,famaouz,"The story have been improved, while the first two episodes feel bland, they have redeem it by the third episode. Please keep in mind that the playtime is considered lower than previous seasons but it is more packed, especially 3rd episode."
,Recommended,536220,31365724,Posted: 25 April,all,CaptiveHat,Great game. love it. first season is still the best. but this one is a close tie so-far with season 2. one thing i noticed though.i killed conrad in episode 2 of season 3. and after at the start of episode 4 he was back alive. i know its a glitch with the saves. but did this happen for anyone else? (spoiler i got him killed anyways. wasnt fast enough for a quick time and he saved me)
76561198306910964,Recommended,536220,31368078,Posted: 25 April,all,AshBash1225,The Walking Dead series has an amazing story
,Recommended,536220,29021484,Posted: 4 January,all,Le Epic Quack ಠ‿ಠ,very gud so far hope it stays very gud
76561198334872325,Recommended,536220,30920214,Posted: 3 April,all,SAY NO TO ECUMENISM,Pros:-Clementine-Dont have to import saves from previous TWD games since you can recreate your earlier choices ingame.-Price ( It's awfully cheap)-Nice new story ( definetely not perfect but still)-Did i mention Clementine ?Cons:-Not very well optimised-Characters die chapter after chapter (not like halo reach tho)-CANT WAIT FOR THE NEXT EPISODES TO DROP WATS TAKIN SO LAWNG TELLTALE
,Recommended,536220,32097375,Posted: 31 May,all,kikirader,"I know a lot of people are hateing on this game for the quality or the story, but I really liked the game. Yes the quality was not the best but I loved the story and the intro to Javi's story and family. I didn't mind not controling Clem all the time, I'm just happy she was in the game. And i can't wait for season 4."
,Recommended,536220,28514501,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Crexdd,great storyline (episode 1-2) cant wait for the next episodes to be released. very good game in gereral and connects fantasticly with the comic and season 1 and 2 of the series. another great teltale story so far.
,Recommended,536220,28518002,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nomad,Best Telltale game yet?
,Recommended,536220,28514540,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Paradooox,"I remember when this game got first announced and i was so hyped, i love the walking dead series and this game is far from a let down. At first when you play as Javi i was let down as you dont play as Clemintime but dont let that bother you. He and the set of charecters he comes with are just as memarbal as Lee from TWDS1 and Clem from S1/2. You still see clemintime though in this and is apart of your group at some bit.  The action kicks of straight away into an amazing story and leaves you with the best cliff hangers going. This game is great so far and i cant wait till the next episodes come out. (Will be updated on later episode release)"
,Recommended,536220,28517112,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,N7CaptainObvious,"Though I have only played the first episode, it's a fair story. It really doesn't seem to be going anywhere. (Yet again, it is the first episode). Javier seems to be a 2 dimentional character. I'm not really sure what his purpose is. (Not going to give any spoilers) The game play is a bit wonky as well. I'm sure this will be addressed in patches and/or release of the coming episodes. It is really good to see that Clementine has become quite the badass, I only wish we could be playing her instead of Javier."
76561198156464307,Recommended,536220,28514458,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Maude Reed,"I must say it, i loved to death season 1 and season 2, i think that every character (Lee, Kenny, Clem,..) had its own, singular, unique personality. I could reflect myself into them, but right now... Something has changed. In this chapter, i found both cons and pros.CONS:1. Javi, Javier or whatever. He is a living stereotype, all that backstory about his brother and so on, bla bla, i've seen it multiple times. I need a guy like Lee, with his bad sides, good sides, and so on. He's the typical good hero of the day.2. Kate and Gabe. Oh my gosh, am I the only one who hates them!? How the hell did they survive? Gabe is another stereotype, the wild teenager who hates his stepmother, who is just annoying and irritating. I would prefer Javi with Eleanor.3. Last but not least... (I find so hard to talk about her) CLEMENTINE. She did NOTHING. Sometimes she showed up, saved everyone, and then disappeared again, all over and over. And then suddenly we get to know that she had had been part of the New Frontier, but nothing else.PROS:1. Tripp. I love him, I don't even know why! He reminds me of Geralt Of Rivia from The Witcher 3, haha.2. Marianna. She was a good kid, why her?! Her and Clem could've made up a good team.3. The end of episode 2 was really particular, i think it might come out of it something good.That's my opinion, sorry for my English but i'm still learning it.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,536220,35193029,Posted: 24 September,all,Greg,"Clem's story continues to be one of my favorite game narratives ever. This game is great for all the same reasons the first two games were great. If you haven't played them, you really should do that first. You CAN play this by itself, but knowing Clementine's backstory makes it richer. She's not the ""star"" of this game, but she is very important."
,Not Recommended,536220,32371448,Posted: 12 June,all,DasWunderKind,"I love the walking dead series from telltale and every telltale game.But man this one was a major disappointment.It's difficult to review this game without giving away spoilers but man this game could have been soo much more.I have no problem with a different protagonist I think it fits, nor do I have a problem with some perfomance issues or the same telltale game from the past years.My issue with the game is the story...yet again we find a group and yet again♥♥♥♥♥♥happens...it got old on the tv show and it got old here too...There are some excellent episodes (1-2 and 5) but 3 and 4 were not really that good. There are some fantastic scenes that I remember clearly and then there are some which are not as good.One death in episode 5 is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ( when they jump across the bridge ) it couldn't be more telegraphed and depending on who is with you their way they behave is just not real and took me out of the game big time..I loved the action sequences and the brutality of it but I found Michonnes chapter way better.The ending and best part of episode 5 is in my opinion the reason to play this game, I teared up and I even got the song of it, but other than that this is by far the weakest walking dead and maybe the weakest Telltale game yet.I would say buy it if you are a fan but be prepared to be dissapointed."
76561198282756671,Not Recommended,536220,32377666,Posted: 12 June,all,SU for life!,"Telltale has made this game pretty much impossible for me to launch. No matter the kind of computer I use it will not work. I will be returning it in the frustration of not being able to play. You disappointed Telltale, you disappointed me."
,Recommended,536220,28704765,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,efe3x',What happened to the storyline? Still a good game.
,Recommended,536220,28494431,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,manic221,"Intense,The new engine is gorgeous runs flawlessly for me the annoying stutters are gone and there were no glitches from what i encountered just an amazing story i got sucked into right away god i missed Telltales Walking Dead so glad it's backNow i've finished episodes 1 and 2 the wait is gonna suck but i don't regret the purchase i've waited long enough for a continuation to this wonderful series.For anyone who is already invested in this world and this story this is a no brainer buy it now! For anyone not while technically you could jump in right here. The rollercoaster this series has taken me on thus far. I wouldn't recomended go back to the first season and play the entire thing."
,Recommended,536220,32207096,Posted: 5 June,all,gothcosmos,yo this game is great and while it has a few mediocre moments I haven't this strongly about a walking dead game since season 1. the ending actually has a lot of different options concerning character development that they finally show you at the end-- something i haven't seen in another telltale game. love it
76561198232486004,Recommended,536220,32881311,Posted: 27 June,all,PapaSmurfCanILickYourAss?,Fricking loved the game...I finished it in 9 hourse and it was worth every cent..Sure its not as good as the first 2 seasons...But Clementine is cooming back in season 4!!!!! SO FRICKING GET HYPED
76561197986078346,Recommended,536220,33032146,Posted: 30 June,all,Dr. sHeLdOn CoOpEr,Not as good as season one and two. Still pretty good. Hated how randomly they got rid of Kenny...
,Recommended,536220,33074674,Posted: 1 July,all,Lavinia,"Still can't tell if this was The Walking Dead S3 or not.Episode 1 - flawless run, no rash decision made.Episode 2 - f***** it all upEpisode 3 - Damage controlEpisode 4 - More damage controlEpisode 5 - Almost cried. Best ""rescue"" scene ever. (no spoilers but the design in that scene is so.. fffff.. right in the feelz - shoutout to whomever came up with that)All in all. Any Telltale game is highly recommended in my book. One of the few publishers that make me pre-purchase their games."
76561197988672231,Recommended,536220,33330946,Posted: 6 July,all,wassss,nice game... all tell a tale are good games.
76561198046782015,Recommended,536220,33976585,Posted: 2 August,all,hawk1lo,"For those who prefer to watch shows/movie nowadays but still prefer a bit interaction towards the story outcome, its a good game. Some choices are still suprisingly hard to make.I do agree that the interaction is getting pretty less compared to S1 and S2,  it seems to be heading towards an interactive movie with quick time moments most of the time, and quite dissapointing that choices from S1 and S2 will not affect much. ( Oh well, it's quite impossible since the story branching could be endless )."
,Recommended,536220,28622741,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lord of all Fandoms,AMAZING!!!!!!! 10/10 cant wait for full game.
,Recommended,536220,28759126,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bigkahunaz csgobig.com,"This season is definitely different but I still love it. I love how Clementine has turned into a walking soldier on her own. But, episodes 1 and 2 were a bit short but I think TellTale will make the last few episodes much longer. Also, one thing that really kind of bugged me is how TellTale advertised different games at the end credits of an episode. I feel that was bit of a cheap way to go about it but hey, that's just a small gripe. Other than that, I'd give the game 4 1/2 stars out of 5."
,Recommended,536220,32104345,Posted: 1 June,all,Katrine ♥ Nico,"6/10I liked the game actually, it was good. But well somewhat buggy at times, but it was smt I could live through playing with.I was a bit in doubt about buying it after reading some of the mixed reviews, but ended up buying it on sale, just to give it a try, since I've completed the other TWD games multiple times and actually had looked forward to this.I was a bit dissappointed when I found out it wasn't about Clementine, although was nice that you still got some background on what happened from her.I disliked the ending a bit too, I mean it's nice that there'll be another game with Clementine, but that'll take time before it's even released.Other than that I only dislike that there's no saves. You can't re-play it on another save, you have to start over completely. I didn't really mind that tbh, until I figured out you can't even re-create/use another save to create the background for Clementine.. Or at least I couldn't, hopefully that'll maybe change, but doubt it.But yeah, if you're unsure about buying it, just wait for sales. It'll be somewhat more worth it by then at least."
76561198122745890,Recommended,536220,32206144,Posted: 5 June,all,rowegonen,the last episode was a bit disapointing in my tastebut a great game all together
,Recommended,536220,32409789,Posted: 14 June,all,Jenac Azaela,"Yet another good game from TellTale. A tiny bit lacking on the exploration front, but still more than enjoyable."
,Recommended,536220,33400826,Posted: 9 July,all,Tobli,"I greatly enjoyed season 1 and 2 of the walking dead, but this is the most pleased i have been after finishing a telltale game since tales from the borderlands. Things turned out favorably for a change. It won't last, but it was still a nice change of pace. If i had to point out something negative about my experience it would be graphical glitches."
,Recommended,536220,33817879,Posted: 26 July,all,Big Price,"Very little choices end up actually mattering, but I still liked it. However because of this, its extremely boring to replay. The story is pretty good and is told very well which makes up for the lack of actual choice and because of this I ended up enjoying it alot more then I initially thought I would."
76561198057513681,Recommended,536220,34370966,Posted: 20 August,all,OP5nake,IM IN TEARS
,Recommended,536220,35016380,Posted: 17 September,all,SandeepHC,"Not as bad as many make it out to be. It's comparable in quality to Season 2, inferior to Season 1 (but c'mon, Season 1 was one of TellTale's best games, alongside maybe TWAU or the Batman ones), a short but entertaining continuation of the story that we all enjoy. TellTale games have never really been about ""choosing your own adventure"", it's way too difficult to program something like that with the tech we're stuck with currently. Only RPGs can really come close to the CYOA days of yore. No, TT games are more like ""choose your own flavor"", with similar outcomes being tempered by the method through which you seek to achieve them. That's what makes them interesting, and that's where a lot of players, I think, miss the point of these games: to ROLEPLAY.It's about the adventure, not necessarily the outcome. And ""A New Frontier"" is fine in that regards, so if you enjoy TT games in general, pick this up."
,Recommended,536220,28745052,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Spagoot,"Overall, it's considerably underwhelming in comparison to the first two seasons. Bad? Not really, but for a lot of long-time fans, this game feels lackluster. You don't get to play as Clemintine, or anyone from the first two seasons actually. You immediately jump into an entirely new group of people, and Clem is involved, but not a playable character, which feels very strange after replaying the first two seasons in prep for season 3. The new story and characters however, are great. Telltale still has it, when it comes down to storytelling and interesting characters. I do believe that as more episodes come out, the public opinion will improve, but for the time being, it's a solid 6/10."
76561198092248622,Recommended,536220,28747010,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gerodees,I just love it!
,Recommended,536220,28802129,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Doge The Bounty Hunter,"This game is still pretty awesome even though its a lot shorter of episodes so far. The episodes need to be longer due to the fact that youre just starting to get really into the game and boom, the episode ends. It also sucks that only the first two episodes are available. I got the game expecting them to all be there but nope. If the game would be released with all the episodes at once everyone would be a lot happier. It's anoying getting through the first two and then having to wait. By that time everything that happened before will be stuff we no longer remember as well. Still really like the game though"
76561198076846128,Recommended,536220,28807695,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,AngryRussian,its a good game but it stopped working and wont load. can somone help
,Recommended,536220,29695034,Posted: 4 February,all,TheSlavicDude,"About Episodes:First two Episodes aren't that great, but after episode 3 this game begins to have that TellTalesTWD feel, you begin to actually care about most of the characters after Episode 3 and you begin to care about the story.--SPOILERS!--Things I have to say about few of the characters:Clem does appear in this game but she isn't the main character, she is also very different from the previous seasonsI know that she got older but I kinda hoped she would be more like Lee, in this season she turned into Half Clem and half ""Badass"" as other people said.Javi is the main character, at the start he isn't the most exciting character but after Ep3 you get to know his backstory and he does some cool stuffs and you finally find Javi as a good Main Character.Kate is you main ""side kick"" sort of character she acompanies you most of the time, as with most of the new characters in this season she isn't the greatest but soon starts to show emotions and you get to learn more about her which then (hopefully) makes you actually care about this character.Gabe is also one of the characters that you see from the start, when I played the game I didn't really like this character, he was too much of an ""3DGY T44N"" he tries to help but fails and when he gets upsetti he ruins everything. But in the end he seems to have calmed down and actually doesn't destroy stuff.Mariana - there isn't much to talk about her, she is the one character who actually isn't annoying from the start...""oh wait she isn't annoying, gosh darnit we got to kill her off"" - TellTaleTripp is one of the most annoying characters in the start, he won't stop tries to start a fight, I didn't really like this character at the start but soon enough he became a decent character...that also died as soon as he stopped being annoying....Ava - She wasn't annoying as much and actually helped in the game...Can't say much more though since I've been betrayed by Joan and Ava died few hours after I met her.David is Javis older brother, in the memory/flashback bits of the game he is an annoying and rude character, in mid game (after you found him) he seems alright but still not the best character,he tried to help everyone but failed.Kenny (Massive spoilers for people who chose to stay with him!) This had to be the worst death of a character ever, Kenny was a part of the game since early Season 1, He and Clem went through somuch, you would think that his death would be as emotional as Lee's but no he fell out of the car and ""Sacrificed"" him self for Clem and AJ, I hoped he would stay for longer or atleast hada better death.Summary of the game:Overall this game is decent, the graphics improved from the old, still has that TWD feeling to it.Only big down side with this game/story is that they kill off all the new and old characters, just stop please."
76561198103688246,Recommended,536220,32979925,Posted: 29 June,all,Clemm,It's a game that ought to be definitely played.
76561198044489307,Recommended,536220,33027690,Posted: 30 June,all,plamasg,"Absolutely loved this game. I do recommend to pick your actions/responses carefully. I restarted a few times because the wording wasn't clear, and I ended up being a jerk instead of sympathetic. Other than that, I highly recommend this game for anyone who loves well-written characters, and especially for those who have played previous installments. Multiple endings means it has plenty of replay value.9/10"
76561198052085649,Recommended,536220,34001060,Posted: 3 August,all,Hoot,"The game from the start around the first two chapters are not catchy like the rest of the game itself. It is worth every single coin. And the playtime is rly fun - and good like the other first games ( The Walking Dead, The Walking Dead: 400 Days, The Walking Dead Season 2). Spoiler alert: Clementine will look after AJ, she is gonna be grown woman. I hope the next games will be as Good as this, even better! Best luck for the The Walking Dead Series!9  /  10  ------ A very good game /////// worth every single coin **** ////// PERSONALLY RECOMMENDED to buy and play!"
,Recommended,536220,35200607,Posted: 25 September,all,Lokly,"Average story,♥♥♥♥♥♥visuals. No gameplay, dialogues are good sometimes. Decent game if you aren't fed up with same TellTale. All their games would be so much better if only they had a decent game engine with at least nicer animations, like, scew textures and models, they look.. fine for a drawn style, but this old♥♥♥♥♥animation have to go."
76561198071505477,Recommended,536220,28757122,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Squishy Cheese,Pretty good ayy
,Recommended,536220,32078164,Posted: 30 May,all,ZackTheDuck,8/10 an I got an edgy clem.
,Recommended,536220,32078202,Posted: 30 May,all,Azura Squifflepants,"It's going to be unupopular view point but I really enjoyed this 3rd season of The Walking Dead. I thought the plotting was good. I found the situations easier to relate to than in previous series and to be honest, I don't feel as wedded to previous game choices as some people do. It's been clear from the off that if you make a decision between two people, then sooner or later fate catches up with the other one too.Yes, Gabe was an annoying brat but most teenagers are. All told, I'm not at all sorry that I pre-ordered though it would have been nice if the series had aired a little faster. Thumbs up for great art and good story telling."
,Recommended,536220,32951417,Posted: 28 June,all,XNBKXjoshuaX420X,great game worth playing
76561198117530186,Recommended,536220,33077957,Posted: 1 July,all,N!alka™,"Not as good as the first one, but there are awesome plottwists in it.It was still fun to play and the story is pretty good so I do recommend the game!But look for it when it's on sale coz 25$ is a bit much for that less content.Anyway, I'd rate it 4/5 Clementines"
,Recommended,536220,33089249,Posted: 1 July,all,neko,"Not as good as the 1st and 2nd season, but still has a great story"
76561198142544641,Recommended,536220,33319909,Posted: 6 July,all,OMG Its Blade,good but least fave out of all the walking deads
76561198095636244,Recommended,536220,33412686,Posted: 9 July,all,Charlii-Boo,"My boyfriend got me into these games and I played every one with him on his xbox one before this came out. We played each episode as they came out, night of, staying up late with the popcorn. I can honestly say, this is one of the few games worth the money at full price. It makes for great ""movie"" nights, but keeps both of us more entertained and involved. The art is better than before, the story is exquisite, and the gameplay keeps you on your toes the whole way through."
,Recommended,536220,33649331,Posted: 19 July,all,seagrill,the first 20 seconds of the trailer spoils what happened to Kate and since I've already played the game I'm happy I didnt watch it
76561198160099127,Recommended,536220,33650515,Posted: 19 July,all,Ven沉迷学习,游戏超棒啊，反正不管他们说什么我都相信Clem！我看着长大的小可爱我不信他我还信你吗？excuse me？然后第二章有个小bug，我不知道选项有没有影响但是即使你放走了clem在看到嫂子的时候从右边的车窗可以看到她√I love this game！Plus，whatever the others said，I trust Clem!Who else can I trust if I do not trust the little girl I brought up?Anyway，there is a bug in Chapter 2.Even if you let Clem go you can see her when you are talking to Kate（is that her name?）through the car window of the left side√
76561198089267880,Recommended,536220,33899016,Posted: 30 July,all,Miss Gigi,"I'm not going to say you shouldn't buy it, especially if you've played the last two seasons of TWD, but be warned that this whole season feels a little bit like a ""filler"" episode in Clementine's story. I don't really understand why the developers decided to follow the story of Javier Garcia and his family, when we all know what everyone really wanted was to continue the story of Clementine. Yes, she does make an appearance, but the story and the characters are very flat compared to the other two seasons, because the focus is not on the experiences and decisions that were made previously in the last two games. Instead, the game tries to introduce all new characters and places, erasing the development of the last two games completely. While I enjoyed playing the game, as I always do, I look forward to the next season where I can hopefully put my focus back into Clementine and the story that really matters."
76561198107911755,Recommended,536220,34000856,Posted: 3 August,all,Lajtmen,"good as always , GJ telltalle and as always, I was crying again"
,Recommended,536220,34494768,Posted: 25 August,all,Kureiji,"This one is different as it doesnt focus so much on clem's story, but it has its own taste.But it still felt a bit off and unpolished. I hope its a stepping stone for more stories to come."
76561198009893444,Recommended,536220,34717429,Posted: 3 September,all,Wezzor,"Season 1 was brilliant, Season 2 started out well, seemed to lack a little something, then pulled it together for the ending.Unfortunately, Season 3 doesn't come anywhere near the previous seasons. It's not outright bad, it's just well in the shadows. Telltale does fix several problems that occurred in the previous seasons as they demonstrate strongly with ""From the Gallows"" a new storyline that revolves around a world that has had years to adapt to the walkers, people creating human ""tribes"" compared to Season 1 where no one understood how it all worked and tried to work together, or Season 2 which showed the downfall of society and normal trusting human interaction. New characters and a change from the traditional season ending are certainly welcome. This is also the first season where your choices will actually matter in the final episode (well some of them will).Where this season, particularly ""From the Gallows"" fall short is in poorly structured, rushed storytelling. Players will feel like ""Is this it?"" as the credits roll. The plot and emotions jump all over the place, and many plot points are simply abandoned. There is no true climax as seen in the other seasons and character deaths simply lack emotional impact by their poor handling and rushed continuation of the plot.Another area that made Season 1 spectacular and Season 3 falls short on is the ability is freely walk around and talk to other characters during down times, allowing you to get to know and care for characters as well as create your own personality (as with Lee and Clemintine in S2) This also means that you are constantly rushed through the gameplay, though timed dialogue choices broken up by quick time events which are so heavily used they lose their adrenaline impact.Many of the events that occur are repeated from other seasons and simply feel unnecessary as they do not add to the story,Overall the premises was promising and the attempt at changes were appreciated, but poor story-telling, reused plot devices, and rushed filler feeling to the Season will leave you feeling like something was missing."
,Recommended,536220,34720367,Posted: 3 September,all,Baya,"Perfect addition to the series. Love the new cast of characters.. and of course Clementine's reappearance is always a welcome addition whenever that's the case! I know some will not like the prospect of not being able to play as her or having her be the main focus of the story.. but from the artists point of view, this is a great direction to take and seeing her from the outset rather than making choices for her like in season 2.Better than season 2 in my opinion.. of course, season 1 there's no topping as you can imagine. Definitely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,536220,28864328,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,kostas1348,"This is a spectacular game for me, and I think it's the best Walking Dead game that have ever been published so far. I could play this game THOUSANDS times in a single day and never get bored. However, if you are not a fan of The Walking Dead series and you do not have any knowledge about what happens (generally) in this series, you will have to learn how this ""works"" because if it is Completely new to you, you may not find this game so great to the same way that I see it. Generally, this is just a FANTASTIC game for those who want stories with deep meaning. GREAT GAME!Edit #1: I have to mention though that there is a lot of space for improvement because the story on this game seems a little biased and I hope we'll learn more about Javier, Clementine and the other characters. The death of one specific character didn't break me down so much than in previous seasons because we didn't get to know her enough.This is a great Start for the newcomers but not good enough Start for the veterans of this series.I hope that the next episodes will be better and longer than the first two for both newcomers and older fans of these games.Edit #2: The third Episode of this Season was a great continuation of the first two Episodes and I have to say that TellTale have improved this Season, at least a little bit at some points like more interesting story and choices etc."
76561198076720369,Recommended,536220,32891215,Posted: 27 June,all,n0cn1l,"Good game, I enjoyed all episodes but I could not make an emotional connection with everyone..."
,Recommended,536220,33377007,Posted: 8 July,all,yuuenyuu3369,I really enjoyed this season. There were less emotional highs than in the previous two seasons... but enough and the new family's and Clementine's stories were interesting.
,Recommended,536220,33444875,Posted: 10 July,all,Aura,Amazing amazing amazing
,Recommended,536220,33648821,Posted: 19 July,all,Mr Pain,"This is more like it!After the technical mess that was Telltale's Batman this was a breath of fresh air. Firstly, the ability to import my choices from the earlier games in the series is well received and from the outset the decisions I had to make felt really important and meaningful. The game looks fantastic and is easily the best visuals we've seen from Telltale so far and the animations were smooth at all times.Gameplay wse there's not much here you've never seen before but the pacing and execution of the stort and QTE's felt much better than previous offerings. The story throws a few genuine twists at you that you won't anticipate and there's some real tension in some of the scenes. A special mention goes to the scene where you need to blend in with the walkers to turn of the generator - brilliant!At 8 hours long the game didn't outstay ts welcome and having picked this one up on the Steam sale I felt like my money was well spent on this title.If you're a Telltale fan but have been feeling (like me) that they've been getting a bit stale give this a go. You won't regret it and I can't wait to see what they do next."
,Recommended,536220,33830675,Posted: 27 July,all,L4ught3r,"The games just keep getting shorter and shorter...It's a great game but it's not like the other ones, I love the characters as usualbut it just doesn't feel the samethis game is like too happy.The other ones were dark and ""scarier"".But I love this game anyway, and the new TWD game has been revealed so I can't wait."
,Recommended,536220,33891318,Posted: 29 July,all,Peariden,"That was totally amazing, i can't compare with Season 1 or 2 but story was totally impressive, i really liked Javier and his story, was emotional like every other The Walking Dead series, relationship with two brother and seen him after years later was great.I'd rather to play on real time more then playing on Flashbacks, but seeing Kenny was sad and also was great, even if those was Flashbacks.But i really liked this season, seen Clementine like that, and seen her relationship with AJ feels different, i mean we all know his childhood.What can i say maybe a lot of people didn't like that season because of the simple Flashback ending, and i get that, but i guess no one can say bad for Javier story.I love you, brotherhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1096351796"
,Recommended,536220,28728157,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gregg rulz ok?,10
76561198285720427,Recommended,536220,28757389,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,449544678,"Enjoy the game. Especially episode 4. Good story telling and voice acting as ever. Though I feel sad that Clem has changed. I am a big fan of Telltale games. I have played through almost all telltale games. I recommend you to play this game.The walking dead game s1 and s2 are not only games in my heart. They really taught me something. Like how to be good with family and how to keep optimistic in life.From the initial comic-like graph style to today's much more realistic figure building. I felt weird about it at first when playing telltale batman but I get into it now. Story in the walking dead s3 is good enough for me to play all episodes and gave me suprise time to time. I also accept how Clem is now since she is just a scared kid.Twd3 kind of lack some of small good meaningful (fun or cruel) details that happening in real life, like how to take care of others, find supplies, hide from muertos and some scary badasses. For example, I played s1 and s2 three times just to find more information from some interesting dialogues to obtain new feelings.I mean, I agree almost all points you provided. You pointed out the bad things in this game. But, you know, what we really want is that this game series become better so that we'll have season 4 and so on.."
,Recommended,536220,28789254,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,roiidplays,"Absolutely loving the game so far, I'm a bit saddening by the main character change from Clementine to Javi but its alright. I love how its showing the past (not just his and his families past, but also Clementines past.) I cannot wait for episode 3 to 5 to come out!!!! THAT CLIFFHANGER AFTER EPISODE 2 OMG."
,Recommended,536220,28807836,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Salty,Amazing 10/10
76561198138627664,Recommended,536220,29619751,Posted: 31 January,all,bjwhite211,"Review of Episodes 1 and 2...Most of the negative reviews revolve around either choices from previous games not mattering... Which is funny because it sounds as if who you saved in previous games does show up in this one (regardless of how long or if it affects the story as a whole, previous decisions still matter if it changes the story at all). Or the release timing of future episodes, which I look at it as I would someone going to Disneyland in the Summer and complaining about the lines. You know what you're getting into with episodic games, so if you can't wait to play the full game don't buy/play it until all episodes are released. Otherwise you may be upset... But on average a new episode is released once every one to two months, three at the latest.The story through the first 2 episodes has been so-so to me. As some have mentioned you don't really play or interact with Clem too much so far, but I have faith the story will pick up and leave me satisfied. It wasn't until the end of the second episode that I started really getting interested in where it was going... But personally that's one of the reasons I love episodic games, after each episode I get sucked further and further into the story. I'm eagerly looking forward to the next episodes and have a feeling TellTales won't disappoint.Pros-Clementine, probably one of the most beloved characters in a zombie apocalypse-Decent story so far that I expect will become even better-Episodic, I've grown to love episodic games, it's like playing a TV show with the end of each episode acting as a mid-season finale summoning some emotion that makes you feel invested in finding out what happens next. I feel like Brad Pitt in Seven, except ""What's in the box?"" I yell at my screen ""What happens next? What hap penssss nexxxxxttttt?""-Reasonable price for the quality of game you get-Decent artwork/styleCons-I'm still not that sold on Javier yet, I would have preferred following Clem and maybe each episode you skip ahead a few years but following her instead of having flashbacks would have been better to me-Shorter episodes? Usually TellTales episodes take 2 hours for me to play, 2 episodes in and I'm at 3 hours played. So I seem to be an hour shy of normal experiences, but rumors have it episode 3 is longer and although I saw areas that could have productively filled that time to get more into Javier's likeability I can still live with the current length as long as the end story is good. Really I could care less how long I play a game as long as I walk away saying ""that was time well spent and a hell of a story""-Episodic, it does suck not playing the full game at my own pace, but again I knew what I was getting into when buying the game so this isn't a deal breaker to me. Also outside of Blues and Bullets which appears to be dead after only releasing 2 episodes (makes buying season passes from no name studios unlikely for me now) and maybe D4 which had an ending that left me like ""really the game's over?... no more episodes?... that's a horrible unfinished ending."" I haven't met a episodic game I didn't feel satisfied with in the end."
76561198376574012,Recommended,536220,31478075,Posted: 30 April,all,Paradox,sad♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,536220,32127744,Posted: 2 June,all,☣DLG☣,"Im one of the many, who loves the telltalegame series. And I'd been loving to play these 3 seasons, and this season was one of the best ever made. Great job, Im looking forward for the next season."
,Recommended,536220,32214116,Posted: 5 June,all,Pumpkin man,"I finished playing this game from start to finish and I have to say I really enjoyed this game. I'd be lying if I says otherwise.Yes, one thing that's gonna♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off is that none of the endings in season 2 matters and I'm one of those people that are really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about it.But honestly, I really like the story. It's not as good as previous titles, but it is interesting enough to keep you going and it has lots of shocking and unexpected moments. Characters are not as good as previous games but you do care for them. Especially Clementine. I just love her so much. She is one of the best character I have ever seen especially since I knew her since Season 1.Overall I like this game. But not as much as previous games but I still recommend it to you guys once the price drops or it's on saleP.S:BRING KENNY BACK! I don't know how, but please just bring him back! He don't deserve to die like that after all we have been through you ignorant TellTale!"
76561198066984283,Recommended,536220,32837544,Posted: 26 June,all,Warchief,"If you have been playing since the start I do not think you would be disappointed. Although, the whole season seemed a little short in my opinion, compared to the first two. That said, the graphics are a nice change of pace and the story is refreshing, while still keeping you on edge. The biggest thing that I was hoping for was it to last a little longer than it did. That being said in my opinion it was a good edition to the collection and I can only hope that the next one will be even better."
,Recommended,536220,33321806,Posted: 6 July,all,deathmask_,"I loved the first two seasons of TWD and I have to say that for some reason I was sceptical about this one. Let me tell you, that scepticism was misplaced.A New Frontier is a story about family, loyalty, love and of course, survival. It is just as emotional as the first two seasons. Gameplay-wise I found this season to be the weakest though. I recall tense fights and unbelievably hard decision-making under high stress in the first two seasons. This season had not many of these moments. On many of my decisions I felt like it's the only right way, but the statistics showed that quite a few of them are actually controverse, so my feelings could mislead me here. The fighting though was never really intense unfortunately. Season 2 did a great job at that in my opinion.The most important thing for a Telltale game is the story, of course. And it's a good one here. Like I said before, it's mainly a story about family and it is delivered beautifully and hearbreaking at the same time. There are a lot of emotional moments and it just gets better as the story unfolds. And of course, seeing Clemetine again is absolutely amazing. We watched her grow up over the course of three seasons and now she is becoming a woman. It is great seeing the person she has become after the struggles she had to overcome. Every scene involving her is a highlight. But the rest of the cast is great as well and you quickly become attached to them.All in all this was everything you could expect out of a Telltale game and a worthy successor to the amazing previous seasons. I'm looking forward to seeing how the story of our survivors and Clementine continues."
76561198106955919,Recommended,536220,33666732,Posted: 20 July,all,Meg,"These games manage to break my heart every single time. I missed seeing my Clem, and while it was strange playing as someone other than her and Lee it was a pretty good game. It was hard not being someone directly involved with Clem's life and still trying to do what was best for her. But I did it! And I'll do it again for Season 4 (which apparently is coming out next year).While this game didn't get me as emotional as Season 1 and 2 it had it's moments.Until next time Clem, I feel like going back and playing the 1st game just to see Lee again."
76561197999269193,Recommended,536220,33673135,Posted: 20 July,all,Yaaas Kween Slay,"Decent story and characters, Clem's the best. Be prepared to have the romance ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thrown in your face literally every five minutes."
76561198072982656,Recommended,536220,33773220,Posted: 24 July,all,virtari,"I wnjoyed this game. It was not perfect, but definetly a fun 7 hours of story. Some bugs, but nothing bad and no crashes. Hope they keep making more seasons."
76561198344699773,Recommended,536220,33829365,Posted: 27 July,all,BADBOY SHADY,its worth the money nd time. just waiting for the next.. i wish lee should come back
,Recommended,536220,32958952,Posted: 28 June,all,pantiedropper34,"Although this season had it's fair share of terrible moments, it's still plenty enjoyable. Telltale just has a way to make the audience care about the characters even if they aren't so amazing. Even in the ending, I couldn't bring myself to completely hate David and that says a lot. Overall, I'd say this season was better than 2, but still a ways behind 1. It's enjoyable if you care enough about Clem and her future, but if not I wouldn't bother with it."
,Recommended,536220,33010346,Posted: 29 June,all,e3valdas,Season 4 confirmed!
76561198037717760,Recommended,536220,33070482,Posted: 30 June,all,KREPTiiK,"10/10 would kiss Kate again!Such a great story, even if it feels kinda of odd not playing as Clem. With her by your side for the whole game (pretty much) it makes a change from the normal style of The Walking Dead games. Your choices DO seem to matter, and I'm looking forward to any DLC/New seasons in the future."
,Recommended,536220,33082984,Posted: 1 July,all,goeywong,"What a fxxking episode 1 (yes, i am disappointed ), and it was 100minutes for an episode and I barely felt anything..If it wasn't because of Clementine... *please bear in mind that we are no longer to play as Clem so don't get your hope up*I hope the next episode will leads the story goes to somewhere better...Only recommend if someone who have/had play the 1st and 2nd seasons and want to get a continue ..."
,Recommended,536220,33472085,Posted: 11 July,all,UGotGlocked,You deserve better.
,Recommended,536220,34258475,Posted: 15 August,all,MIK120,i crid. again.Telltale - Me3:0
76561198182362837,Recommended,536220,31353290,Posted: 25 April,all,Kaito0712,Best game 10/10
76561198032287404,Not Recommended,536220,28497953,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,NathanEx420,"The writing is bad. There's virtually no actual ""gameplay"", just endless conversations about things I have no reason to care about, said between characters I have no reason to care about, characters no one asked for, characters who are dumb as bricks yet somehow have survived for 4 years... really....!! Oh also virtually no clem, and any semblence of your choices from the first two games is pretty much just thrown out the window in the first half an hour. Also ♥♥♥♥ Cars....!!! ... ;)  Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,536220,28521460,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Gargantuan Goat,Couldn'tcarelessaboutJavierorthat♥♥♥♥♥Kate/10Make Clementine the main playable character or riot.
,Not Recommended,536220,28502270,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Schoolofmonkey,"What were they thinking??Changing the main characters for a completely new set, honestly I couldn't get attached to any of them.No emotions, not sadness, nothing.Heck during Season 1 and 2 I had tears in my eyes, joy like I was right there with them all, this new season just feels disconnected, Clem dry and tacked on to say she's here.I only just finished Telltale's Batman a few days ago and at least I had the same emoitions (not to the extent as TWD 1 & 2 though).I felt like ""hurry up is this over yet"".If you loved the first 2, forget this one."
76561198120856142,Not Recommended,536220,31867967,Posted: 20 May,all,Alf,"Should be called ""The Walking Mexican: A New Passport"""
76561198127192772,Not Recommended,536220,28500454,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ruby Soul,This was a huge let down for me never have new chars actions felt so forced also did they even play test this?
76561198043788512,Recommended,536220,32113313,Posted: 1 June,all,Lord Daniel,"THIS IS THE BEST WALKING DEAD GAME TO DATE. I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ PEOPLE ARE SMOKING.POSITIVESEverything is way more tense, way more dramatic, way more high stakes and way more polished. Just like in Life is Strange, this one actually made me cry at a point in the story. The characters are awesome, especially Kate, your love interest, her character was just nailed, she is my favorite. Clem is back and full of strength, this is still her story and she is at her best here. This is also a story of brother rivalry so it can be very relatable if you have a brother.NEGATIVESThe game is not perfect there is only one bug I found probably something with the physics engine for clothing causes Javi's clothes to stretch, but a restart fixes that immediately. And there is that locked camera that is annoying but eventually they will find a way to change that let's hope. Also the length of the game could always be improved, I would like to be able to talk to everybody after the story is done to see what they are going to do and what they feel about what happened at the end of the game in a future Walking Dead game.BUY THIS GAME AT ANY PRICE, full price or sale is WORTH IT.THIS GAME IS A 9/10."
,Recommended,536220,32115311,Posted: 1 June,all,AwkwardMassEffectFan,I'm not much for writing reviews but I can recommend this game! :)
,Recommended,536220,30825280,Posted: 29 March,all,CloudKP,A new story thats getting a lot of crap because you don't play as Clem most of the time.You didn't in Season 1 and it was amazing.Its a great new story that has me very invested.
,Recommended,536220,29328624,Posted: 17 January,all,Nico,"Episode 1 review: I have played Wolf among us that took me 15 hours, Tales from the borderlands 15 hours, TWD season 1 around 15 hours and TWD season 2 took me 9 hours. Episode 1 has taken me under 1 1/2 hours. Incredibly short and incredibly frustrating that is why telltale gave 2 epsiodes, it's just one episode split into 2.I hate not playing as Clem but in the same respect I understand the decision, we shaped Clementine and now we have to deal with the person she has become, the person we made her. Javi isn't a bad character, he has a flirtitious & cheeky personality which is nice to play for a change but the issue is nobody will go against Clem especially when you don't feel much of a connection to the other choice. This isn't like season 2 where you choose who to sit with at supper time (I mean, that was a tough choice ;) ) .Gameplay is good, it lived up to previous seasons so far giving us new places to explore and new situations. I like that it used characters/choices you chose at the end of season 2. For some reason the game has long loading screens on my laptop but then again that is probably a hardware issue. It gives a few major choices that I look forward to replaying to see what changes, I feel like your choices do matter but until you have played both choices it is hard to tell.Telltale need to stop it with the ads, buy these comics, buy batman. Used to be a time you bought a game without getting advertisements for every other item and game the company makes. If I wanted to buy batman I would.6/10Episode 3: Another short one that took forever to release, you don't get much at all. I bashed some guys head in and it wasn't even that bad, it wasn't like having to choose what table to sit at for lunch in TWD2 because there is no connection to anyone in this game. Well, I do still like Javi and his nephew has become bearable in this latest episode. But it is mainly a snooze fest.And it is true, some of the fanbase for this game is toxic. They downvote positive reviews but then again, Steam is full of teens rebelling against the man."
,Recommended,536220,34661770,Posted: 1 September,all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,Do you like Clementine?Then play this.
,Not Recommended,536220,31376679,Posted: 26 April,all,Katzuri,"This game sucks. Don't buy it. It doesn't even import your saves from the previous games. The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the characters aren't interesting, choices doesn't matter. Even the episodes last about 1 hour each. This game is a waste of money. Don't buy it. Watch a gameplay from youtube instead and save your money."
76561198087112714,Recommended,536220,29026740,Posted: 4 January,all,Police Brutality,"No regrets played through the entire series in about a week, just another great walking dead game, although most of us players would enjoy playing as Clem, Javi is not a let down he is kind of like a not as cool lee."
,Recommended,536220,29254801,Posted: 14 January,all,Bill_Fuckin_Murray,"Devoted fan of Telltale TWD franchise, as of yet, this feels like a little step back from S2, I don't mind though, I rarely buy video games these days, nothing really interests me anymore, other than this.Importing your save is a little bit of a hassle but once you redownload S2 and get it all sorted it's worth it - I think - Some interesting dilemmas although sometimes it feels like an X or Y outcome, rather than the multi-layered stack that we are used to. It is only episode 2 so I can't say for certain the extent of my actions.I've seen a LOT of people giving this game unnecessary flak and take my advice, ignore those idiots, I enjoy the game so far, I look forward to further episodes with further developments to the story.So far my final verdict is 7/10 - at this point w/ S2 I was at a 9/10 so it has fell short a little in terms of 'wow' factor..."
76561198029145779,Not Recommended,536220,31137595,Posted: 14 April,all,sno666,"i hate to do this because i do love the game.whos fooking idea was it to release a game in parts? so i pay the full price and wait months to finish it while your team works on other projects?dont buy the game now wait till all parts are released and get it at a lower price just to say fook you to the company...i brought the first 2 games without knowing this is how it worked, saw this 3rd installment in the series and did a dance of joy, payed, dloaded, and sat there going WTF where is the rest.... and now ill never buy another game from them in the future.fook game companys that think they can do this to paying customers"
,Recommended,536220,32133803,Posted: 2 June,all,HaNZeN,"Don't listen to any of the haters, they don't see the real storyThis game got a great story and this one got so much more action so many more walkersIf you really are a true fan of The Walking Dead game series, this one is not a waste of moneyI highly recommend this game for those who can see the story and not just a gameI waited untill all of the five episodes were out and it was worth it"
76561198013314259,Recommended,536220,34653365,Posted: 1 September,all,nirvana_sth,"best Walking Dead game so far imo.I am very satisfied with the ending, as it reflected truly all my choices throughout the entire game."
76561198050515280,Recommended,536220,32024496,Posted: 28 May,all,Morbidoux99,"This third season is good, the game is good and I like the peripheries offered by the game.I started season one only two weeks ago, then season two last week, and the third.The first one is really great, and season two and season three is pleasing whom wants to continue the (their) story, see what happened to Clementine. If you like the two first season, why stop? Go for it!"
,Recommended,536220,28492559,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Adventureflame,"Enjoying through the first chapter so far. Everything working as expected and I'm looking foward to the rest. Enjoyed the second one too!I'm putting out a bet that David will turn out saving everyone, and everyone making the options of haiting on him will get a real large stick up their collective asses."
,Recommended,536220,29026658,Posted: 4 January,all,Cra2yChainsaw,its awesome
,Recommended,536220,30653939,Posted: 21 March,all,Suicidal Sheep,"Many people don't like TWD3. I can understand their viewpoints, would like to add tho, that only 2 episodes were available yet. As I remember, TWD2 had also 2 weaker first episodes.So I say be patient for now, and maybe wait for more reviews when E3 is available.I personally do enjoy the game and I'm excited to see what'll happen to Clementine. Or if there might even be a return from S1 characters like Lily.Short:S1 was undoubtaly the best. But S2 was not that great, so alot of people are unfair to smash S3 already to the ground."
,Recommended,536220,30772624,Posted: 27 March,all,iGod,"I love the walking dead series. The first game left me with tears. The second game i was a bit unsure about. And so far the third season has left a bitter taste in my mouth. 1) ***SPOILER*** They killed off kenny (or if you killed him the other chick) in the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t way possible. Really? A car crash? That's it? A legendary heart-warming 2 season character gone within 10 minutes of the first episode is a bit irksome. 2) The fact it has been months from the release and have not even submitted episodes 3-5 is a bit annoying. They should have been on the ball with this so players don't have to wait an eternity and lose interest. Overall, I am going to finish the game and give it a chance, however, it is not looking good so far in my opinion. I do recommend many other Telltale games though."
,Recommended,536220,30798683,Posted: 28 March,all,EvilJuice1428,Awesome..love it
76561198116685318,Recommended,536220,32219740,Posted: 6 June,all,Squirrel,I don't fully understand why everyone dislikes this one so much. I highly enjoyed it. There were some tough decisions but also an ending that got me looking forward to the next game but happy with where the other characters are. I loved the way they played on the players love for Clementine. Because Javi has never met her before so he has people he loves and we're put in the situation where we have to choose between our love for Clementine and Javi's family and friends. I enjoyed this and and looking forward to the next installment. Would recommend.
76561198079309994,Not Recommended,536220,31362149,Posted: 25 April,all,Pdam,no
,Recommended,536220,31364681,Posted: 25 April,all,TomR™,"""I love you brother"""
,Recommended,536220,29244730,Posted: 14 January,all,ImmortalCookie,so far so good ... :)
,Recommended,536220,32065198,Posted: 30 May,all,Sizzel,I like it.... (I will give a better review later.)
76561197972634994,Recommended,536220,33190422,Posted: 3 July,all,[SOB] Madz,It was OK
,Recommended,536220,32109412,Posted: 1 June,all,2049,"Pros-Some seriously intense moments in the final episode.-Third episode is a clear standout in my eyes overall.-Definitely a few tough decisions to make.-Jesus.-Graphics are better than both seasons preceding it.Cons-The careless way in which specific characters from previous seasons were just disregarded.-The ending of the game feels incredibly weak and slapped together, leaving some major questions in the air and having a nice old ""MAKE SURE TO BUY NEXT SEASON"" sticker slapped on it.-For every tough decision there are three no-brainer decisions that will take literally no time to think about.-Some of the characters are just needlessly stupid for unbelievably petty reasons.-Gabriel.Big fan of TWD?  Buy it, but know these massive flaws before you go into it.Not a fan of TWD but want a Telltale game?  BuyTales from the Borderlands."
76561197987674194,Recommended,536220,32189462,Posted: 4 June,all,T15,"Great game that took a whole different approach from the other 2 seasons in terms of storyline; i think this season's theme focused more on picking the morale decision, esp with that interesting supporting character.This time, the player is controlling a main character named javier, who, in my opinion, seems more appropriate to propel clementine's story forward. But regardless of how the story turned it out, TWD was filled with ethical dilemmas and it kept me highly entertained."
76561198231036916,Recommended,536220,30156999,Posted: 24 February,all,jjb339234,"It's a good game, especially if you like the others. But like others have said it is very short."
76561198315738066,Recommended,536220,30781719,Posted: 27 March,all,chengtianren1995,"I'm a big fan of TWD, but could you guys speed up, ♥♥♥♥ing 3 months passed, you even can create a totally new game in 3 months, sorry to be rude, but please hurry!!"
76561198119432713,Recommended,536220,32090220,Posted: 31 May,all,Chris P. Bacon,"I actually liked this game. The continuation of Clemintines story has been a wonderful adventure. Sure, the writing hasn't been up to par of the other two seasons. That doesn't necessarily mean it is horrible now. I would say there were only three record skips in the series and they are in the final episode. I'm guessing the final episode was rushed out, which is the reason why.I recommend playing the first two seasons first, then playing the third."
76561198100377021,Recommended,536220,33013491,Posted: 29 June,all,KnightOfCydonia,"Well, here we go, time to get a positive review in between all these bad ones that have been posted lately. Yes I recommend this game, for anyone who likes a good, no great, story, with an added bonus of interactiveness, and especially for fans of The Walking Dead games or just Telltale in general, this is a game absolutely worth playing.I get why Telltale decided on this particalur approach to the story this season. By playing as a new character, Javi, with a different backstory and different people that matter to him, this game gives you a fresh feeling, but not at all while losing focus of Clementine. She's definitely still around, and she's got her own story of what happened in the time between seasons 2 & 3 and her own goals she aims for. You have just got to change things up a bit: first season we played as Lee, second as Clementine and now as Javi (though not all the time). In my opinion, this provides a whole new look at Clementine and defines her character in yet another way, and we get to witness other relationships and other ways of looking at the walker-infested world through Javi. It also broadens the ""Telltale's The Walking Dead"" universe up a bit: the storywriters now possess a whole new set of characters the player is familiar with and (possibly) cares for, other than just Clementine.On the more practical side of things, the game is very similar to what we have seen so far. The visual style (in my opinion awesome) has been improved a bit which is to be expected from a sequel. Music is as always on point to make the whole thing more atmospheric, including a return of ""Alive Inside"" undoubtedly a very nostalgic moment for hardcore fans. A detail that kind of surprised me (in a good way) was that Telltale made the quick time events a bit more sophisticated, which might serve to make fight scenes a little bit more engaging.Sadly, I don't feel as satisfied after finishing the game as I did with previous seasons. Yes, all of us always wish the game could've been longer than it was, but with this season, I feel like the story could have been fattened up some more. Probably also has something to do with the ending not being as dramatic as before, it more served a purpose of ""To be continued"", ""these characters now have these quests to look forward to"". Therefore, this game may not be as absorbing and might not always have you on the edge of your seat at all times, but it is a worthy instalment nonetheless. Telltale still had some good plot twists, hard story-altering choices and interesting conversations up their sleeve for this season. I will 100% be replaying this game, because I feel like there are plenty of different paths to take, and consequently seperate outcomes that can be found.During my playthrough I experienced one, quite annoying, graphical glitch where there were these beams emerging from Javi's chest, but after a quick restart of the game that was fixed.So to sum up, I give this game an 8/10, because:Positive: fresh story but with interesting characters I ended up caring for, and a new perspective at the world and Clem. As always a great interactive story, with multiple interesting options to choose from. Very familiar (but in my opinion lovely) artstyle and music.Negative: ending a bit anticlimatic, the game might not be as engaging as the previous seasons for everyone. One minor technical fault."
76561198114206219,Recommended,536220,29225264,Posted: 13 January,all,maurice_71081,"The Reality of This GameSeason 3 is not as bad as most fans believe. The problem is that you expect it to be the exact game it was the last two seasons. We all knew what Clem was going to change. Clem seems so unrecognizable now because shes more independent. You're no longer protecting her. So, you'll feel less attached to her. In the first season, she was cute little girl and you were essentially her dad. To move on with the series, we much dettach ourselves from the Clem the fragile little girl and embrace future of the franchise because it's no longer about her.PROS:- The Game looks amazing.- Clem is a main character.- More action than before.- Jesus.CONS:- The story is too predictable.- Choices still don't matter. I literally fell asleep and woke up to the same scenario as I did when I actually made informed decisions.- I still don't have Episode 3 yet. What the ♥♥♥♥ is taking so long to update??? I paid full price for this game. I expect the full game."
76561198202012453,Recommended,536220,29359444,Posted: 19 January,all,Geibu,After playing the first two episodes of this game i am completley in love. The story is really good so far with a fresh new take on The Walking Dead telltale series. I very much recommend this game to anybody who is into the series. i also recommend playing season 1 and 2 to fully understand more about the story of Clementine and what happend before A New Frontier.
,Recommended,536220,30882484,Posted: 1 April,all,GameOverJeremy,"Out of what I've played so far, all I can say is, the game is good.  It's not excellent and it's not terrible. It's just good.  I've run into some weird graphical glitches in episode 3 that are hard to explain. I took some screenshots, so if you wonder what I am talking about you can check my profile.Anyway, the gameplay is like any other telltale game but that isn't really what Telltale games are about.  As far as story telling goes this season is probably my least favorite so far. Season 1 was amazing, and season 2 was pretty good, this season is in the okay-ish to good range.  It just hasn't pulled me in this season like season 1 did.Overall if you were a fan of the previous seasons of The Walking Dead by Telltale, I would say definitely give this game a shot, especially if you ever find it on sale like I did.If I was to put a rating on this game, as of the end of episode 3, I would put a 7/10 on the game.  It's good but it could be so much better.P.S. My hope: if there is ever a season 4, it just focuses on Clem, alone. Just like my Lee suggested for her, to keep her safe."
76561198127188328,Recommended,536220,32091226,Posted: 31 May,all,I like curry,"Honestly, this season is better than season 2 although I prefer season 1. ( I miss Lee <3)"
76561198381547473,Recommended,536220,32277291,Posted: 8 June,all,BlueSky,"This game was full of tough desicions and very good outcomes.Overall this might be one of the best games of 2017.Mainly i loved how your choices can affect the reactions,well put together,plot line was amazing.I really hope in the next one they can continue with the same characters."
,Recommended,536220,32320062,Posted: 10 June,all,uchiage hanabi,I just love TWD seasons no matter what. Keep up the amazing productions! Looking forward to Season 4~ <3
76561198003774696,Recommended,536220,29011207,Posted: 4 January,all,GoBackToAfrica,love this game . so far im enjoying it any walkind dead fan who played the other  2 should love this one
76561198133924226,Recommended,536220,32137612,Posted: 2 June,all,✪ Bradderz,"""Clementines Story Will Continue""..."
76561198102551190,Recommended,536220,28614180,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Nigster,moist
,Recommended,536220,32208543,Posted: 5 June,all,Sh4d0w,"This Game... is just one of the best Games I ever played.I love the whole Telltale TWD Series, and this Game is no exception to the other 3.I realy want Season 4 to come out, I bet it will be amazing.The Artstyle is gorgeous, looks a like an animated Comic I just love it.The Choises were great, in my view, and It gives you a uniqe Experience.Also the TWD Telltale Games were the only ones to ever get me crying so far.Con: I experienced 2-4 Bugs, once Javiers back just glitched out and covered the whole Screen, but exiting and going back fixed this. The others were a displacement of the horses at the end, one teleported and the other one was a bit crooked, but thats ok with me. If you fear that Bugs might ruin your experience, dont buy it, otherwise I highly recommend anyone checking this out. This shows me once again that Video Games are Art and should be treated such."
76561198154363556,Recommended,536220,28603062,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rank20Player,Just awesome
76561197980847018,Not Recommended,536220,28523309,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Vermillion,"Crashes all the time and I literally cannot play it.You are better off waiting for the whole season and hoping they fix the constant crashes but with how bad the Batman game turned out I doubt it.::EDIT::After the whole season came out the game sadly was not that good. Most of the time you are just watching scenes and there is no gameplay, the decisions mean nothing and the game ends with sequel bait for the next season.Considering this entire season was just spinning its wheels I think I am done with this series as it is just boring now."
,Recommended,536220,28589528,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Intellectualidiot,"It's good.This was never going to live up to the last two seasons, and resolving the endings of season 2 was always going to be a disappointing.That being said, The new character is likeable and Clementine's reintroduction was awesome.8/10 thus far.Telltale give me free stuff! WUBBALUBBA DUB DUB!"
,Not Recommended,536220,32027076,Posted: 28 May,all,Your Neighborhood Stalin,Dumb Telltale...Doesn't work on pc RN don't waste your cash.
,Recommended,536220,32221512,Posted: 6 June,all,KICKER,"Definitely a step up from the previous games visually, while the story wasn't as impactful it still held its own in this one especially with the brothers' relationship and the flashbacks provided a fresh take on the experience.Not too happy with the way they handled Kenny though, if you stayed with him at the end ofSeason 2you probably feel the same way.All in all, a must play for fans of this series."
,Recommended,536220,32174616,Posted: 4 June,all,Magda,"The third season of The Walking Dead game introduces us to a new family, the Garcías, as we play Javier and come up against a group of people calling themselves the ""New Frontier"". On our way, Javi meets Clementine, our beloved S1 and S2 protagonist - and honestly, I wouldn't be doing any of this if it wasn't for Clem.Unlike many others, I actually quite like Javi and his family - Gabe is kinda annoying but at least more memorable than any of the Season 2 characters, because to be honest, until I started this Season, I had entirely forgotten I had entirely forgotten my choices in the last season and could hardly remember those characters even /existed/. I feel the Season 3 characters are a big step up from the mess that was Season 2.Clementine has grown up even more and it feels good seeing her again - even though her screentime is limited and she's honestly the only reason I played through this entire game.The first thing I want to critique is how short the episodes are - it seems Telltale tried to spread three episodes into five and somehow make it seem as if they really tried to put together a coherent storyline. Additionally, the entire game is more of a movie rather than a game at all, as there are probably at most 7 or 8 times in the entire game where you can actually control Javi for a few seconds, as the rest of the game consists of choosing dialogue options and pressing either Q or E. Now, TWDG /is/ an interactive movie and has been since the beginning - however, I feel Telltale kind of forgot about the ""interactive"" part. Really, the player hardly has to do /anything/ by themself - anything beyond choosing dialogue options is rare, and the thing with those is; lots of them don't really impact the game much at all. No matter what you reply, you eventually get to the same outcome you would have had if you'd picked entirely different answers, and only rarely your words matter.Now, how do I know the outcome is always the same?Well, buckle up, because the biggest problem I have with this entire game is the performance. I don't have a NASA-type computer that any game will run smoothly on, but it is decent, and it should have /no/ issues running this game. I set the graphics setting to medium to low and played on a way lower resolution than I should have to, yet the game crashes all the time. Now, I'd be okay with that, replaying some scenes a couple times, maybe, but nah, that's not how this game works: whenever the game crashes, it deletes the entire data for the episode I'm playing. That means, every time it crashes, I have to start the episode from scratch. Now keep in mind, it crashes a LOT. It took me two tries to get through episode one, then episode two rolled around and I noticed another problem: when I die, the game crashes as well. So I have to restart it and replay the entire episode. Just because I died. If I wanted to start over every time I died, I wouldn't be playing a video game - honestly, I can probably quote every word in Episode 2 and tell you the outcome of every decision you make, because I've had to play that episode around 6 or 7 times until I got through it without either dying or the game crashing.Episode 3 and 4 worked moderately well, but I still haven't even finished Episode 5 as it's already crashed on me 4 times, the last time was when I was nearly at the end - so instead of trying for the 5th time today and praying the game won't commit suicide again, I'm writing this angry review.I have 41 hours of playtime for a game that should take hardly 10 hours to finish, because I've had to replay and replay and replay everything just because the performance is so bad, and because someone messed up and made it possible to have to restart the episode just because the player died.Honestly, I will become religious and start going to church if I manage to actually play through the last episode on my next try, because I've had enough.When the game does work, it's enjoyable, mostly because I'd die for Clementine, but it's unbelievable it's possible for a game to be released that runs /this  badly/. If you have a really good computer that can put up with anything, you will probably enjoy this game at least a little bit. However, if you don't, don't put yourself through this much pain. I do recommend the game in theory, but performance-wise it's caused me so much physical pain already I'd really rather die than have to play through all of it again. My last words are that I love Clementine and she is the only thing that keeps me going in these tough times."
76561198081532633,Recommended,536220,32069324,Posted: 30 May,all,Choco,"This game improves futher from Season 2. I think it isn´t as good as Season 1, but better than Season 2. As this is a spoiler-free review, I won´t get into plot-details, I´ll just say that the story is outstanding. It´s a must have for all TWD fans, and for anyone who enjoys decision-making and a great story.Mild spoilers:I thought the ending was terrible. The last episode was great, but the overall conclusion to Javier´s story wasn´t. The cliffhanger hasn´t made me so pumped for Season 4."
76561198017820191,Recommended,536220,32175975,Posted: 4 June,all,Jødelæggelsen,"Meh... It's okay but the gameplay is way too easy, even as a point and click game. The story was more focused on Javier and his family instead of Clementine which I wasn't too keen on.I'd still recommend trying it out if you liked the two first one but it's not nearly as good as its predecessors.6/10"
76561198083821878,Recommended,536220,31441544,Posted: 29 April,all,Jordon,One of my favourite story games
,Recommended,536220,30835617,Posted: 30 March,all,[M]etal_Gea[R],pure satisfaction 10/10
,Recommended,536220,31094662,Posted: 12 April,all,Bazz Games,"While the first few episodes are pretty great and have great writing, it quickly devolves and walks the line between intentional and unintentional hilarity. The franchise shifts from a gritty zombie drama to a campy zombie action movie halfway through and it's quite jarring. It may not be as dramatic, heart wrenching (though it is sometimes)RIP Mariannaor just good as the original two, but its still damn fun to play."
76561198030686590,Recommended,536220,31101351,Posted: 12 April,all,Drake Ravenwolf,"If you liked other Telltale games, this one is more of the same.A good story, but remember that your decisions do not change the ending; just how you get to it.As of this review the story is 3/5th complete, I do recommend buying it, but perhaps not at full price; wait for a sale.Additionally, play Seasons 1 & 2 before this game if you haven't already; unlike the Michonne story which was stand-alone, this is basically season 3."
76561198042370877,Recommended,536220,31366947,Posted: 25 April,all,LordEnzo,"In my opinion this game adds a needed fresh start to the series. Although you do not play as Clemintine you are still taking care of her every chance you get. As for the choices ""Not mattering"" the game isnt even complete yet so no one even knows if some of the choices turn up later or not. I actually find this one better than the second season and only beated by the first by a hair. Javi and his family all have their own traits that class into eachother causing many problems which makes for interesting story telling since afterall you can't save them all (it is a Walking dead game afterall). So I do reccomend this game to any fans of the series and a must have for any true fans of TellTale."
,Recommended,536220,32093716,Posted: 31 May,all,Mr. Jackhuahua,"This game has a lot of bad reviews, I don't think it's bad.I just pretend I'm watching a TV show and everything is fine. The other games were definitely better, but I still think this is decent."
76561198113198748,Recommended,536220,32199520,Posted: 5 June,all,Indiana Hoes,"I don't understand why people are giving this game such bad reviews. This might be the best DECISION making game from telltale your choices actually matter, yeah sure the animation is a bit sloppy and there is a couple of bugs but so what. Everyone here is  untitled to their own opinion but if you're gonna write a review play the whole game and give a review where you don't just say it's bad. So in all this game in my opinion was very good with very likable and hate able characters *cough* *cough* Kate *cough* *cough* so if you're looking for a good telltale game then this is for you."
,Recommended,536220,28494919,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Errekchen,5/7
76561198017872244,Recommended,536220,31359234,Posted: 25 April,all,Sir Doge the 4th,Such game. veri good.  much plot twist. WoW
76561198082559573,Recommended,536220,31482892,Posted: 1 May,all,biCh fix that shit rn,Idk lamo i like it the only problem is it's short af.
,Recommended,536220,32085230,Posted: 31 May,all,3amer,but conrad is alive in episode 5 ..
76561198340147173,Recommended,536220,32124516,Posted: 2 June,all,I z u,"The game has extremely creative ways of making the players feel emotions. I can confirm that statement by my own experience. Some emotions may be blurry, but in the end, you can feel it.The first two games really bring out what people have become - good or bad. I'd recommend playing the first two games  instead of this game immediately. This way, you'll get the full experience, and for your understanding.Some glitches are always probable, but they never disturb the full emotion of the game - again, I can confirm this from throughout my experience.Conclusion (with some added parts. Maybe not a conslusion at all): The game is full off emotion. Not just like gooey romance, but love, justice, sarcasm - yes I know, irratation (doesn't sound too good, but it'll help you try to see it through their eyes), and much, much more. Some of the last two seasons are included in Clementime - but I hate to admint - that they're fading away.  The new chracters give a fresh start. Especially Javier. The glitches are minor, and they're easy to get used to. At least, for me.Conclusion Conclusion: Buy the game for action and emotion! The episodes will be a ride that'll want to leave you biting your nails (maybe a little exaggerated) and looking for more!"
,Recommended,536220,33369535,Posted: 8 July,all,Tracer,"Despite how painful the story becomes, I was strung along with just enough hope to want to continue onwards. It's been an amazing journey going through Clementine's life. There are few stories that keep a reason for one to traverse them, let alone keep that reason alive all the way to the end and further, but a New Frontier does just that. I'm glad I got to experience everything that has led up to this."
,Recommended,536220,31027992,Posted: 8 April,all,TheLonelyDinosaur,Amazing game. Really finds a way to make the most out of even your most simple decisions
,Recommended,536220,32277885,Posted: 8 June,all,Nobody,I envy those who did not pass it yet.
,Recommended,536220,32311629,Posted: 10 June,all,Smug,"Don't know why people are giveing it so much♥♥♥♥♥♥ Maybe they expected to much. It is defs not better than the first two BUT it is pretty close behind. The first to games, at least to me felt like they were made by diffrent people, this also feels that way. It's worth picking up if you really liked the first games.The only annoying issues for me were1. The UI was worse than in the first game2. At the beginig it feels like it can't decide if it is a game or a movie instead of being a nice mix (it just abruptly changes things around for example sometimes it decides it is going to make you press a button to pick something up and other times it just does it for you)3. gab needs to get the ♥♥♥♥ away from clem4. The menu: They made it so at the end of every episode they can advertise to you, and they want you to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ telltail account for no reason (main point is, I BROUGHT your game for 25 AMERICAN dollars, leave me the ♥♥♥♥ alone)5. Finally, at least for me all the decisions you have to make are to easy to answer, and most of the time you would pick what you want to say and Javier would say something completely diffrent, or In and extremely diffrent context to what is implied."
,Recommended,536220,32632526,Posted: 21 June,all,Red,"I have loved this franchaise ever since i was introduced to season one but with all honesty i feel as seasons pass i have less and less control over my choises im not sure if im alone on that or not but as an example i thought Ava was a really cool chrachter but she was just dead because she fell off out of the sudden?! that just doesn't make any sense to me, but still overall the game never makes me fail to cry, 10/10 would replay all franchaise."
76561198106507697,Recommended,536220,33267481,Posted: 5 July,all,Political Hippo,"So, I've been reading a lot of negative reviews other players have written and although I agree with a lot of what they are saying and think that this game does have some issues, overall for me this game still captured the emotion that I loved from the previous games. For me, that's what I love about telltale, their ability to make you care about characters and create an immersive emotional experience through difficult descisions and storytelling. Now, if you are less into the storytelling and more into the puzzle solving/gameplay aspect of the TWD games, this game is definitely lacking in that area. However, despite this flaw TWD a new Frontier still provides a captivating story, with brand new characters and a clever inclusion of Clemintine. Although the game is quite short, I would still 100% reccomend this to anyone who enjoyed TWD season 1 and 2. To new players, try the first two games first, and if you like them then give this one a playthrough."
,Recommended,536220,30849112,Posted: 31 March,all,jade.e.bailey,"I found the third episode very good storywise, but I didn't see any of the pop ups saying 'XYZ will remember that', which normally signifies that your choice will make an impact later on. We all play Telltale games for those moments. The writing is very good, great visuals and art style as usual but missing the player impact that we love.I'm still enjoying the game but would enjoy it a lot more if it had that."
,Recommended,536220,32074575,Posted: 30 May,all,Kelvyn,This was a great season. I definitely recommend it! The episodes were a bit shorter than usual but I loved the story either way.
,Recommended,536220,32181944,Posted: 4 June,all,Linkin Park & ghost (band),Awesome Game different from other walking dead  would give it9.5/10
,Recommended,536220,32829057,Posted: 26 June,all,swiftyy,"People hate this game because its not close to Season 1 but I see that as mostly a credit to how good Season 1 was, not how bad this game is. Cause its not. This is a GOOD game, not amazing, but good. It lacks a lot from the characters. In Season 1 (and most of Season 2) I felt an emotion towards every character whether it be good or bad. This game you're thrown into a group of people you don't know and you sort of have to pretend to care at points. Only characters I even gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about where Javier, Gabe and of course Clementine. Apart from that nobodys care REALLY bothered me that much. Especially Kate. Kates the most boring of all. Still a good game but it suffers from its 1st Seasons legendary status."
,Recommended,536220,33251458,Posted: 4 July,all,Monst3rCaptain,"Short but worth playing if you liked season 1&2!I completed the game after 7,7h.. And that is bathroom pauses and reading everything after each episode..But for some it takes longer time and for some it can be shorter..If you like TWD, you will still enjoy this story."
,Recommended,536220,33641497,Posted: 18 July,all,Papi John,👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌 good sh!t mdude
76561197965043054,Not Recommended,536220,34665058,Posted: 1 September,all,palpen,save problems
,Recommended,536220,32072896,Posted: 30 May,all,TPM605,This was a great game. I enjoyed it a lot. It may not have that much story from the other 2 seasons but this was awsome to play. I give this game a 10/10
,Recommended,536220,32245676,Posted: 7 June,all,Charby,The best of the serie!
76561197968756958,Recommended,536220,33157720,Posted: 2 July,all,Plusi,"There's a lot to like about the continuation in this series, but it's far from without it's flaws which don't do the series justice as a whole.I'll start with the problems I found while playing, and then move on to the positives in the hope that somebody from Telltale is reading, because I really want Season 4 to be as special as 1 and 2 were for me. (On looking back, this list is pretty exhaustive, but here you go anyway).- I didn't feel quite as engaged with some of the characters. One of the things I really missed from S1 (and to a lesser extent S2) is when your group is having it's ""down time"" to be able to walk around, explore a bit and mingle with other survivors. This gave them a back story and really felt a connection. I could probably count on one hand the number of times you could do this in ANF. It made the character and relationship development seem a bit rushed and shallow. This probably contributed towards what felt like a much shorter gaming experience than the previous episodes.- I know Telltale games hold your hand through the game, but ANF was ridiculous. In tandem to my point about not being able to walk around and explore, I remembermarching to and from the train station in S1 with Lee and Clem trying to find what I'd missed before realising on like the 4th journey that I'd missed the opening which Clem can climb through.Sure, it was frustrating as hell, but part of the fun was finding a missing piece to a puzzle. Give us at least a tiny amount of mental stimulation, even something as simple astrying to get the train running, like in S1.- More than a couple of the dialogue choices didn't match up to what the character says. There were at least three occasions I remember where I thought I was saying something and my character said something else, and that's just on one play-through.- The ending wasn't nearly as heartfelt as S1 and (again, to a letter extent) S2. This could well be because of the first point I raise where I didn't feel connected to many of the NPC's.- There were some fairly obvious graphical anomolies / artifacts and from a quick google search, it seems like a common occurrance. The Q/A team need to give their heads a shake.- The new ""user interface"" (the buttons that flash up on screen requiring a response) is hideous. I much preferred how it was in S2. The dialogue UI is improved however.- Adverts between episodes, thought I was playing a facebook game for a moment.I think I've ranted enough with the negatives, so I'm going to focus on what I enjoyed most about ANF.+ Judging by the ending scenes following episode 5, I feel that my choices matter more in this game than in the previous ones. I'd like to play again one day to explore the different possible endings but after completing episodes 1, 2 and 3 in the space of a week, I'm emotionally wrecked and think I'll need some time off.+ Despite not getting to know the characters particularly well, I think there is potential in them for further stories, if they were expanded at all. I wouldn't mind going back to Javi perhaps in Season 5.+ Jesus is a f***ing bad-a$$.+ I'm really excited to see how Clementine's next story goes. Lee's little girl is all grown-up now. *sniff*In SummaryDespite the disappointments listed above, I'd still recommend this game to anyone like me who really enjoyed Seasons 1 and 2. I'm glad that I had seen the reviews before playing, because this allowed me to dial back my expectations, which is incredibly sad in a way. If you're a big fan of the previous TWD Seasons, I recommend it. If you're not all that fussed... maybe give it a miss."
,Recommended,536220,33798066,Posted: 25 July,all,GeStaFFo,"I see a lot of negative reviews for this one, and I don't get it. I love this one just as much as the last 2! The storyline is quite nice. I've been saddened by it, but I also laughed from time to time, so it's got it all. Love, hate, Clementine, awesome guys, intrigue, violence, questionable decisions..!If you like the former 2 I can't see why you wouldn't like this one as well. Go enjoy it, please."
,Recommended,536220,31076766,Posted: 11 April,all,Jeerus Sama,"Spoiler Alert! for the people who haven't played the current episodes that are released at the moment.Episode 1 Great IntroEpisode 2 Building up story line and flashbacks. Also, tough decisions to keep your family alive and for the people you care about.Episode 3 Truth and lies amongst your group. Bugs Javi's backpack and bugged scene before heading back to Richmond.Episode 4 Not so bad. Episode should've been longer than previous franchise like TWD S1 and S2.Episode 5 Family comes first no matter what.9.5/10 Gameplay (.5 taken off because of the glitch later on the game) that needs to be addressed) 10/10 Graphics feels so realistic 10/10 Story line (keeps the one who's playing the game wanting more to know what's going to happen next)- Bravo TWD! Great franchise ever for game. Not sure about what happened to Season 6 to the current state of the TV show. Imo, TWD Season 1 - 3 was worth to watch on the tv. Season 4 and further productions became a blur. = D All of these opinions are based on my views. I'm pretty sure there are some people who would agree on what I'm trying to say."
76561198121046115,Recommended,536220,32137109,Posted: 2 June,all,Simon McNamara,Not as Long as the other Two Games but still a pretty good gameP.S -Conrad is a bae!
,Not Recommended,536220,32215391,Posted: 6 June,all,Darth Vader,the game sucks! It crashed 4 times. ♥♥♥♥ you telltale!
76561198151523910,Recommended,536220,32267375,Posted: 8 June,all,Mr_shwifty.exe,"one of thee best games i ever played of telltaleamazing, i cant explain about it without spoiling it so be ready to be messed with your feelingsamazing 10/10"
,Recommended,536220,32483336,Posted: 16 June,all,Astore,"Well. for a story told and leaving me with only quick time events and some (or rather many) choices to make this was very intense. Other than in the prequels this time the characters barely get a rest or a point in the game where you just wander around and most things are peace and quiet.It tells the story of Clementine this time from a mixed POV, which I found to be very interesting. The graphics have been updated, sometimes to a point where there were some issues with some clipping.All in all nothing too special but a must play for all TTG Walking Dead fans."
,Recommended,536220,33209934,Posted: 3 July,all,franbischoff,"Its an interesting story, but has some glitches at the environment.Anyway, I recommend it."
76561198290210185,Recommended,536220,35275417,Posted: 28 September,all,Zaro,"HiI don't understand all the haters, this 3rd season is great. You'll probably love the new character and his relationship with Clem and the other characters, actually I liked it;I can't wait for the next season !"
76561198031372508,Recommended,536220,31473741,Posted: 30 April,all,Badpave,"Thoughts after EP 4 No spoilersTWD: A New Frontier is not exactly TWD 3 but it has same charachters as the 2 first seasons. (Spoilers clementine) But you play as Javi, who is a completely new charachter, and there is nothing in common with the story from TWD 1 or 2. You dont need to play the first to games before playing this, but of course I recommend doing so, because both of those seasons were amazing. Feelings after these four episodes are very mixed.From a new players perspective the storyline is great and the main events are very good. Charachters are positively acceptable, but not super great. Other than that, the game feels incomplete. It is full of graphical glitches and the decisions and conversations are not logical with each other. Other medium-sized details that are very important in a game make me annoyed and just drop the final score by a lot. All these facts combined the game is still worth buying, and it has had good moments during these 4 Episodes. Looking from a new players perspective without knowing much about twd 1 or 2 I rate New Frontier 7.5/10From a perspective of a fan of a player who is very familiar with the previous seasons, the game is not what I had hoped for. It is better than Michonne, but still cmon telltale, you can do way better. Like I said earlier, the storyline and the main events are good. But the details are actually very horrible from time to time. The conversations have no effect and the outcome is the same with both options in decisions. For example, in ep 4 you talk as Javi with David about David joining the army again and leaving the family. In the next scene if you talk about the army, David thanks javi for making him stay with the family, even if in the previous scene you supported him on joining the army. In addition to these, conversations, scenes and pretty much everything feels rushed and illogical. The mistakes that the game developers made in this game feel so stupid too. They made 2 wonderful, absolutely gorgeous seasons with great details and logical conversations, but this feels like they just did not care and they know the fans will buy the game, whether its perfected or not.Negative things aside, this season has had good moments too. Brings up emotions, maybe not on the same level as lee and clementine, but still good. I appreciate the references to the earlier seasons and clementine is a big +. Other charachters are good too, but it doesn't have similar depth as other seasons.Had my hopes up, did not fulfill them. Still ok though and worth buying. 6.8/10"
,Recommended,536220,32097454,Posted: 31 May,all,Dumb_Woof,"Telltale is back with the continuation to their award winning game franchise ""The Walking Dead"" BUT, if fans are expecting a season exclusively with Clem, that's not what Telltale had in mind...A New Frontier is a season made for everyone. Not just veterans, so a new protagonist is introduced named Javier. Even if Clem has a smaller role, the season tells an interesting story about family.EPISODE 1 - Ties that Bind Part 1 - Released on December 20th 2016PROS+ Javier is a breath of fresh air+ Unique locales+ Telltale's updated engine+ Excellent Voice acting+ Decent pacing+ Clem's alone flashback is well madeCONS- Clem is only playable through a brief sloppy flashback- Kinda short (70-80 mins)- Ends abruptlyOverall - 8.5/10EPISODE 2 - Ties That Bind Part 2 - Released on December 20th 2016PROS+ Immediately picks up from episode 1+ Opening flashback+ Road trip vibe+ Conflict starts to open up+ Clem's flashbackMIXED+/- Works as a complete package rather than a single episodeCONS- Very short (60-65 mins)- Poorly paced at times- Ends too abruptlyOverall - 7.5/10EPISODE 3 - Above the Law - Released on March 28th 2017PROS+ Strong opening flashback+ Bond between Javier's family+ Better action sequences+ Stronger pacing than previous episodes+ Decent length (90-95 mins)CONS- No adventure segments- Weak cliffhangerOverall - 9/10EPISODE 4 - Thicker Than Water - Released on April 25th 2017PROS+ Excellent character interactions+ Intro Flashbacks remain strong+ More interactable enviorments+ Tough decisions+ Clem's flashback is longer and more indepth+ Nail biting cliffhangerCons- Bit slow- Missing Clem content depending on your season 2 endingOverall - 9/10EPISODE 5 - From the Gallows - Released on May 30th 2017PROS+ Javier's opening flashbacks remain excellent+ Biggest branching in a Telltale game+ The theme of family is handled well+ Exciting action set pieces+ Clem's decisions from the past reflect on what she may do+ Strong endingCons- A bit short (70-80 mins)- No adventure segments- Lazy character exit at one pointOverall 9/10In conclusion A New fronier is a very different season compared to season 1 and 2, what it lacks in adventure exploration and length is made up with its strong focus on family, and branching choices. Pick it up if you don't mind a smaller focus on Clementine and a unique experience starring a new face.OVERALL - 8.6/10"
76561198101003304,Recommended,536220,28516972,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Banana,I.. really want to punch my big brother (spoiler)
,Recommended,536220,28542113,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Got games on yah phone nigga?,10/10 grit gem kys im cool
76561198093922032,Recommended,536220,28516288,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,maddawg2020,Don't worry you'll meet up with clem very fast. Just finished Ep 1 and i feel like its gonna be an amazing season. It doesn't take very long for things to get crazy.
,Recommended,536220,28691602,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,白蜡虫？,"not excellent nor bad, just good. and too short.best if you start from season 1"
76561198159767983,Recommended,536220,28527133,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Red_Wolf_PL,MORE CLEM PLS!!!!!!!!
76561198341753706,Recommended,536220,31353620,Posted: 25 April,all,TUBBY LUMPKINS,When will episode 4 be release in the Philippines? :(
76561198058500407,Recommended,536220,28586444,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Powerjake,"Great game, just play season 1 and 2 first"
,Not Recommended,536220,33871331,Posted: 28 July,all,Andr3wCo7,"NO SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW:Despite the bad reviews, I went ahead and bought the game. I was delusional; it is very hard to displease me with a new game. The game must be VERY terrible for me to give it a bad review. As a matter of fact, this is my first review EVER!The reviews are true. This game is really bad. What were the dev's thinking? It's a no brainer that everyone loves this game for Clementine. We play for Clem. We play for the story around Clem. So what do the devs do? Let's introduce a brand new family that were never in the past Walking Deads, make them unlikable, and revolve the game around them by making one of them the main character and give Clem little screen time. Genius right?I honestly only recommend this game if it goes on a big sale in the steam store. If this was the finale I would EMPLORE no recommendations at all. The best part of this entire game was the very ending of it for two reasons: 1) I was done with it and 2) A Season 4 confirmation implying Clem as the main character. I hope the dev's aren't dumb enough to be blind to these bad reviews and have enough common sense to center the game around Clem again.Having said all this. I will finish this review, keeping it nice and simple. I am a poor dude living in poverty. I will pray to Gabe every single night for my $25 refund on this game. If I could go back to the past like Maxine Caulfield, I would keep my $25 for a weeks' meal and trust my fellow steam reviewers. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I ENCOURAGE EVERYONE TO WATCH A 'LET'S PLAY' INSTEAD WITH THEIR FAVORITE YOUTUBER TO BE PREPARED FOR SEASON 4. IF YOU WATCH ANIME, YOU KNOW HOW ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FILLERS CAN BE. THIS IS THE PERFECT ANALOGY FOR THIS GAME. JUST A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FILLER. LET US JUST ALL HOPE THAT SEASON 4 WILL BE GOOD AND THINK OF THIS GAME AS A FILLER, JUST A FILLER."
,Recommended,536220,28874197,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,gibblee,great game
76561198073141421,Recommended,536220,28638577,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hitler,"I will say it. I do believe that this game is the worst out of the walking dead game series. However this is not a bad game by any means.It is jam packed with enticing story, but I do feel that there is a major lack in choices which have any significant effect. For example, if you shoot or go down and help. There is no effect at all. Conrad still sees you as somebody who didn't help.This game suffers from the same problems walking dead Michonne faced, you are really not given enough time to have any significant attachment towards any character before they are immediately killed off, the only character I actually like and will ALWAYS stand up for is clem. As she is somebody I have been with from the first game series, dedicating hours upon hours with her. This makes the rest of the game suffer as I really don't care what is going on. I feel that putting us as Javi was the wrong choice. It seems they tried to wrap up Clem's story in a very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way. I mean seriously. Jane killing herself? there is no significant effect from the ending you chose from the second game apart from a differing scar depending on your choice.This does not mean the game is bad. It is still good but it just takes time to really sink in. I will update this review according to the release of new episodes."
,Not Recommended,536220,28703008,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,clementinezl,"when i open a game it always said ""WalkingDead3_win8.exe has stopped working"" how can i fix thissssi really wanna play it nowi already uninstalled and install it again but still doesn't workalready click on properties > local files > verify integrity of game cache    BUT still not workingggSOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME"
,Recommended,536220,28624427,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bobby Stargazer,Yes.
76561198200018558,Recommended,536220,28585486,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,XpodusMaster,"Oh boy the new Walking Dead game is out!*Buys game because he is a big fan of the series**Plays majority of the first episode but then...*Oh my this one quick time event movement I have to make with my mouse wont work!*Trys to complete one mouse movement for about 15 minuets, then continues to look online for some sort of tutorial*Nothing works! Why is this one mouse movement stopping me from continuing in the game?*After an hour of trying to do it, he gives up and has to go through the painful process of trying to refigure out how to return a game because they make it so dam difficult*Me=SadIf you use a controler, you will be fine, and buy the game. But if you have a mouse.... Good luck steam"
,Not Recommended,536220,28519132,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Foxy Foo,I started p.laying it and then my game froze and i restarted but now it keeps giving me a white screen. Until they fix this issue it doesn't deserve a good review. Man after that I sound like a♥♥♥♥♥♥but whatever.
76561197981690367,Recommended,536220,32099690,Posted: 31 May,all,MonkenDrunky,si gud
,Recommended,536220,28494673,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TNovix,I can't say this is the best Walking Dead game made by Telltale but it does add the suspense and action into it. It also adds the survival instinct and I love the fact that were getting more communities especially those that were mentioned in the comic and show. I really do hope to see more familiar faces from the comics including The Kingdom now that it is confirmed that it exists in the timeline for this game
,Recommended,536220,35106225,Posted: 21 September,all,Maxi_666 |CZ|,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198224917820,Recommended,536220,32196730,Posted: 5 June,all,CN ZhangG,"well, not a bad story but not good as 1.2. short and not so surpiring as it used to be. hoping next would be better."
76561198315700115,Not Recommended,536220,34126345,Posted: 9 August,all,yen.horng,♥♥♥♥ing LAG!!!! Never fixed!!!!!!
76561198260391085,Recommended,536220,28690141,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Alpha | FriDite,"stunning graphics, but i would like more action, but over all an amazing game!"
76561198036600408,Recommended,536220,32403689,Posted: 13 June,all,iLlitERaTE,"I'm pretty disappointed on how many negative reviews this game has. I honestly thought he story was amazing, and I could connect to the characters well. The relationship withyou and your brotherthroughout the game was very heartfelt and it almost made me cry near the end. The game kept my attention the whole way through, and made me not be able to wait to see what happened next. This was definitely another great work of Telltale. Good on you, guys."
76561198029699219,Recommended,536220,33939454,Posted: 31 July,all,Rotfeuer,Great story plus Clementine looks amazing!10/10
76561197978295984,Recommended,536220,34331950,Posted: 18 August,all,iqof20,"Another great season.I understand that people have some frustration with wanting to continue with characters from prior Seasons.  And it feels like that is the source for the disappointment from the reviewers expressing it.The interpersonal storyline is strong with many different threads attached.  The choices are deep w/ notable consequences at times.  The areas and environments are varied and well balanced with action gameplay and scripted story.Some will always want less story and more action.  Certainly there isn't a moment as powerful as Lee's charge through the streets at the end of Season 1, Episode 5: No Time Left.  However, the final bits of this season are a bit wider in the drama encountered with less of a fully scripted feel.If you're a fan, then just get it.  If you're still concerned, then wait until it is on sale.  But the important part is that you pick this up and find the time to shut out the world and lose yourself in a wonderful continuation of the series."
76561197962309135,Recommended,536220,32332198,Posted: 10 June,all,Sheepdog,"I've only played the first episode and about half of the second so my opinion may change.But in spite of some of the negative reviews, so far I feel like it's still a pretty standard Walking Dead game. You have 2-3 hour episodes, It's good story telling, Lots of stuff happens, etc. etc.So in that sense, I think it's a good game. If you liked the first 2 seasons of Walking Dead or just Telltale games in general, then I think this is a solid reccomendation. I guess if there is one thing I don't like, it's that the Walking Dead is starting to feel a bit patternistic or formulaic. That doesn't mean it's bad, but I just feel like when ""X"" event happens, where in the first seasson of TWD I would be like ""OMG THAT JUST HAPPENED"" but now I'm just like ""Oh yeah, ofcourse Telltale would do that"". So just bear that in mind."
,Recommended,536220,32331254,Posted: 10 June,all,Ella-Grace,"I love this game. I don't know why people are complaining. I would have loved more gameplay, yes. But I thought the game was amazing and still is. I didn't like how Kenny was killed off or how they made Jane look//ruined her story. But all and all, good game! I recommend that next game they have MORE CONTENT, MORE HOURS, and maybe bring back some more old characters that may have lived like: Lilly or Christa. I also want more episodes than just five. I am hooked on this. I want to see more of Clementine's story as well as Javier's. I totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,536220,28638425,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cheb,Yes
,Recommended,536220,29174811,Posted: 10 January,all,Nerps,who the **** would sacrifice clem for conrad. cmon guys.
76561198103275128,Recommended,536220,31085596,Posted: 11 April,all,harrismw011,"I recommend you don't buy this until all the episodes are released. Was pretty disappointed when i finished episode 3 and couldn't continue.. Story seems great to me so far. if you enjoy the Walking Dead as much as i do you then you'll be happy to just get a little more out of the Walking Dead lore. The main character's situation is an interesting one and i cant wait to see where it goes. and for all the comments that compare this to the old series. They are right, the old one is a much better story that had me more emotionally attached to the characters but this series holds true to that enough to keep me interested. I don't think it's fair to compare to the old one till the series is finished."
,Recommended,536220,28497109,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,wavy csgoroll.com,I've never downloaded something so quick in my life.
76561198001763475,Recommended,536220,29241566,Posted: 13 January,all,Ser Crablegs,a spoogeh
76561198105923009,Recommended,536220,31368408,Posted: 25 April,all,CloutGame,Amazing
76561198101884844,Recommended,536220,32096937,Posted: 31 May,all,Ben Stiller,"This game is a great new step for the walking dead series.  The dynamic of being a father figure and having all these other people depend on you is great.  If you are a fan of the other games, you will love this one"
76561198027434003,Recommended,536220,28517469,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Xenophia,"God game but i recommend you to play season 1 and 2 first if you havent allready, i like the new char but was hoping Clementine would play a bigger part in the game instead of just being a sidekick that you play in a couple flashback.The episode is shorter then the previous games(1hour each for the first two) so its not worth full price if the remaining 3 ep is as short as this,"
76561198255274645,Recommended,536220,28517874,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,LiamPC,Ep 3 please
76561198068136205,Recommended,536220,28517550,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,angelreyesan98,its telltale
76561198354067549,Recommended,536220,33317567,Posted: 6 July,all,Communist  Elmo,ok so every one is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about not being clem most of the time in the game but you gotta say alot of the choices back fire SPOILER like when i shot Joan then the truck came in and blew up apart of the richmond wall.or when i shot that guy who put a gun to gabes head and then gabe got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and mentioned it then elenor got mad and told Joan there plans i really liked this game because it is so risky to make a singlechoice and you really have to think about is it best for your family and richmond?
76561198053372966,Recommended,536220,33167736,Posted: 2 July,all,AlphaOmega22,"Man i really dig this series, great story telling thru out all of them. if you like the first and second one you should love this one too!!"
,Recommended,536220,33847797,Posted: 27 July,all,Suit One,"This game had a very great storyline, and leaves room for Clem's story to continue."
76561198223144132,Recommended,536220,35214619,Posted: 25 September,all,jblakeney17,"A worthy successor to Season 2, even if it lacks the wonder of the first season."
76561198058189669,Recommended,536220,28789906,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Daze,10/10
76561198271431640,Recommended,536220,29017928,Posted: 4 January,all,Reiwan,"That is really strange that how you can buy feelings, friends and familly in steam... Thanks Telltale Games! You gave us a real memories and a real friends."
76561198325553936,Recommended,536220,29250656,Posted: 14 January,all,Danny14Boi,This game is great for new players! But for the old players it's decent(ish) either way would say purchase if you have the extra Money :)
76561198095898820,Recommended,536220,29252914,Posted: 14 January,all,Clover Player,"Best game ever, im personally a die-heart fan of the walking dead game series. Heck, i even named my ferret Clementine, (sable mask shown in prof pic) she sadly passed away in July. So seeing such a cool version of clem reminds me of her a lot, great job telltale. In total throughout season 1-2 ive cried like 20 times thats how heartfelt the game is. Really good game 11/10"
76561198106750380,Recommended,536220,32069094,Posted: 30 May,all,MurCon28,"was a good game, few glitches like when in episode 5,crossing the bride SPOLIERS ava was crossing the car and fell after that bit i had tripp, who died in the previous episode, was walking around the place. the other two TWD games are better."
,Recommended,536220,32076222,Posted: 30 May,all,You hi csgobig.com,I always wanted to bash a childs head against the floor until he dies 10/10
76561198092092539,Recommended,536220,32122373,Posted: 1 June,all,మారియో డ్రగ,Love this game and the story. Sort of annoyed when I couldnt play Clem at the start but I fell in love with the new characters  and the story.
76561198237395976,Recommended,536220,32214178,Posted: 5 June,all,ModernShow,Игра ли  это ? И я отвечю что этот шедевр игрой назвать нельзя это очень красивый и насыщеный мир (вселенная)  но из игры в игру  геймплей упрощяют я пройдуси по плюсам и минусам этого сериала .минусы:- это сокращение моментов в игре (когда надо ходить искать предметы )- это шедевральный (нет)  перевод наших Русских локализаторов- ну и баги с текстурами(ведь всем они нравятся)плюсы:+ сюжет (в некоторых моментах можно пустить слезу и сюжет тут слегка отличается нежели в прошлых сезонах )+ графика(она вобщем осталась таже но из за освещения текстуры выгледят лучше)= и того два плюса на три минуса плохо но терпимо для своей стоимости игра шикарна ~410 рублей найти можно .О сюжете в этой игреставится отношение между братьями и как важно иметь семью вобщем сильно не отличается но это на первый взгляд зомби вобще  появятся только к концу 3-4 эпизода а не человечность о ней речь пойдет только спустя 2 или 3 эпизода и развитие сюжета такое медленное что только к концу 3 эпизода поэдет полный пи***ц
76561198048643499,Recommended,536220,32263714,Posted: 8 June,all,Tomu7,It is a storyline fill up. But i feel like this game was good at filling the storyline of the walking dead.
76561198081775536,Recommended,536220,32750266,Posted: 24 June,all,X-Force,"I have a cheap laptop that has way too much stuff in it with windows 10 and it played a little slowly sometimes but worked. I got it today on sale for 12 dollars and im very glad i did, i like these sorts of games and the reviews i have seen are mostly bs. If you like zombie games and you have played the other Walking dead games you will like it. I do have to say there was one moment when a bunny ran away, then came back, then ran away and then on que when clementine needed it the rabbit came back. Thats unusual behavior for a rabbit. I have never seen a curious rabbit but if you look at the rabbit you'll see its wondering whats going on.8/10 yes i shot the driver in episode one...guilty"
,Recommended,536220,32803504,Posted: 25 June,all,retsmot,"don't know why there's so many negative reviews, its just another telltale walking dead game.the graphics are alot better, the voice acting is great. the story tho is just so-so when compared to season 1 and 2.i think people are just unhappy that clementine is not the main character this time.my personal time s1 : 17 hours, s2 : 13 hours, s3 : 13 hours, michonne : 5 hours. all single playthru.looking forward to season 4."
76561198063281813,Recommended,536220,32852049,Posted: 27 June,all,InsanityWolf,"This year's Telltale Walking Dead Game used a new game engine that made it run and play much nicer than the past few Telltale adventure games. The action gameplay felt pretty easy but enjoyable.The story was pretty interesting, and most of the characters added to the narrative. There were also a few cameos from TV Show / Comic Book characters which was handled well.I felt that the ending chapter didn't leave the same impact that the last 2 Walking Dead games did. I didn't feel like the choices towards the end were as difficult as the previous games, which have me double-thinking my decisions and wishing there was a quick load at times.I'm looking forward to the next part of the Walking Dead story. Keep up the great work Telltale! 8/10.Pros- New game engine looks and plays slick- Likeable characters- Story was interesting for the most part- Interesting summary post game that shows how major choices affected the main charactersCons- Ending not as impactful as the previous games"
76561198021622543,Recommended,536220,33414883,Posted: 9 July,all,Nikator,"It is really solid game, especially first two episodes, very emotional, the third one is also good, but then something goes wrong and the ending is not as emotional as it was in first and second parts of the game, really disappointing, because the beginning of this game was really promising.It is interesting to see Clem and watch her decisions, new familily also got strong points, but the ending of New Frontier fails.I would recommend this game for those who played first 2 parts, this one has less emotional ending but have its moments too."
76561198042674204,Recommended,536220,33493052,Posted: 12 July,all,Kwiksnax,"It's not an especially bad game, but nor is it an especially good one. Fairly predictable story, and rest assured that your choices are purely cosmetic and will not affect much of any significance to the plot. In previous Telltale game series I've found myself savouring each episode, but in this one I was counting down each chapter and just wanting to get it over with. Still, it was entertaining enough for 9-10 hours of gameplay. Just make sure you buy it on sale."
76561198115461555,Recommended,536220,28916736,Posted: 1 January,all,The Communist School Shooter,Decided to shoot a child in the head 10/10
76561198108147007,Recommended,536220,29062334,Posted: 6 January,all,Wickedave,"5/7, not enough Clementine"
76561198191697659,Recommended,536220,29231328,Posted: 13 January,all,Nunoss14,"best games of ever,"
76561198130219817,Recommended,536220,32070441,Posted: 30 May,all,Kelsley,Even though I found the episodes to be a bit short each time I still found this season to be a really good one. My ending was a really a real gut wrenching yet heart warming ending and I say this game is worth the buy. (espicially cause youll probably need it for the next season)
,Recommended,536220,32072740,Posted: 30 May,all,39Gamer39,"This was another solid entry in the TWD Telltale series but it is my least favourite, Season 2 being my top season with 1 in the middle.This Season did have it's moments, and it contained some much more difficult choices to make leaving me pausing the game to figure out what I wanted, some choices not owning up to themselves.SPOILERS AHEAD!Some moments between the tensed brothers Javier and David were played out quite well, coming to a very intense yet touching confrontation in Episode 5 which almost shed a tear to my eye, you have to play it yourself to experience what it was like, easily the best moment in Season 3.The rest of it wasn't all that bad, finding out Kenny's or Jane's fate in Episode 1 which is also quite saddening also, and Clementine's flashbacks shedding light on AJ's whereabouts and her troubles on her Journey alone between Season 2 and 3.Now to the ending of the Season as a whole... I was not expecting it...Clementine soon after all the events leave's Javier and his group, on her journey to find AJ.The one scene definately gave us the more Clemetine we wanted for this Season, showing us how capable she is alone and how grown up she has become.That one scene, at the end says: ""Clementine's Journey will continue..."". Paving the way for Season 4.I am already excited to be seeing more Clementine in the future! As well as Javier and his group because the new characters do grow on you!CONCLUSION:I'd definately pick this up because it is a solid entry in the amazing Telltale Series, it is a tad boring in some parts and some of the choices don't mean what they say, but tread lightly, and you've got another amazing story to hear."
,Recommended,536220,32075392,Posted: 30 May,all,BabyRabbi,"The game has great writing, great characters and some really incredibly heart-string tugging moments. The only reason people are disliking this is because they read the article on Rock Paper Shotgun saying that because this isn't a fast paced First Person Shooter its boring and slow, and people suddenly don't like enjoying a good story with writing. Trust me; if you played the first 2. GET THIS. Don't listen to the negative reviews: This game really is incredible."
,Recommended,536220,33267489,Posted: 5 July,all,Ana Amari,Best Walking dead game: NoWorst: MaybeEnjoyable: Hell YAJust dont buy it without playing the previous 2 gamesI wish we could get a game like season 1 was :(
,Recommended,536220,33791718,Posted: 25 July,all,Calistique,"To start off, if you are like me when it comes to the TellTale Walking Dead series and love to see the story continue no matter what you'll enjoy this game. But like most games that start so strong I find it is hard to live up to that in the other seasons. Like most people I agree the second and third season were slightly lacking in ways but despite that I think they are all fantastic. In the New Frontier the story and characters were a little bland and predictable, or unlikable when you're supposed to like them. A lot of people complained about the quick and seemingly meaningless deaths some characters had but I don't really have an issue with that. Not everyone should die in an overly dramatic way just because they were important, and characters constantly being emotionally destroyed over deaths would also be pointless. You'd think after living so long you would understand death is constant. So overall the content wasn't amazing but not awful. But on another note, there were a lot of things beyond the story or characters that are just straight up annoying. There are WAY too many ads for stuff I ALREADY have being shoved in my face (I'm looking at you BUY SEASON ONE ad after every damn episode) and the constant barrage of them really ruins a bit of the emersion. The constant visual glitches were also a pain, sometimes they were small but sometimes the cutscenes would be all blocked out by the glitches going on. I don't think I've ever had a glitch in any of the other Walking Dead games but there were MORE than enough in this one. So there is no getting around this game can't compare to the first one, but it really isn't bad if you are devoted to see it through and can look past its faults, but I wouldn't pay full price for it (then again I dont pay full price for ANYTHING). I think if you read the reviews and have played the other ones you basically know how this game will turn out or if you'd like it, good with ya gut on this one."
,Recommended,536220,33841412,Posted: 27 July,all,B!,Good game.
,Recommended,536220,34220263,Posted: 13 August,all,Rutvij Joshi,Walking Dead Never Disappoints!I loved the 1st two Games and certainly love this on.The graphics are fantastic. Though i found one or two texture glitches.Javi is really good character and its fun to play as him.I would have enjoyed it even more if clementine was more involved.Overall it's Great Game.8/10
,Recommended,536220,29446265,Posted: 23 January,all,I'm mental,"Really enjoyed this game so far, love the graphic and somehow the story.Its a really rushed story and kinda dissapointing we aren't allowed to play as Clem, but all in all; I really love the series, and I do recomend it if u really like click-and-tail games and wanna know what happened to Clem and her story ^^"
,Recommended,536220,31665826,Posted: 10 May,all,Blast_Factor,"So to start off, I love The Walking Dead telltale series, the storytelling aspect is great(even if the gameplay is limited). Now for the review, I understand where people are coming from with things like the characters aren't like the older games, but honestly this game is a seperate story. The game focuses around main character Javier, a young man with pre-existing family issues. The story is supposed to focus around Javier trying to balance the hardships and important decisions brought on by the zombie apocalypse, blah blah blah(pretty much same storytelling style as the other games). The diference is, and the reason everyone is so upset, is because they threw out all the characters and choices you made in the previous games, which I get. But if you play the game from Javier's point of view instead of your own, then the game becomes an actually immersive experience. The mistake people are making is trying to make this a sequel to the other two games, but the problem with that is that it is meant to be completely seperate. This game tells a different story than the other two games entirely. Overall, I give the game a 9/10 only because sometimes there will be visual bugs like Javier's backpack stretching off to infinity and beyond and making you restart the game, other than that the game is pretty much your average telltale story and I highly suggest the experience."
76561197971055922,Recommended,536220,32103041,Posted: 1 June,all,Cosmo,"First of all I want to tell that I usually don't write reviews. I think there are people who make it better, much better than me. But what Telltale did just astonished me. Their other games turned out to be really good, but they just blew it with their flagship title which brought fame and recognition to them. So while I want recommend this game not just to TWD fans out there, but to wider crowd as well I can't do this with all my heart. Too bad there are no scores - this season desrves not more than 7/10. I have to say that the season turned out much weaker storywise than previous seasons. Maybe they switched the writer and/or director, I don't know. But it really hurts me to see they went on easy road making story that predictable and short. Many people I think were felt betrayed because they really got hooked up on Clementine's character and, I think, expected - let's say - much more elaborative, thorough work. But in the end it just happens to every good developer/publisher - desire to earn a buck easy way. When this idea stroked me at the end of the first episode I understood that they betrayed their fanbase. I felt the story is much weaker for what it could have been, many of its elements were just abandoned, like we gonna sell it anyway, now don't we, huh?? Just like they did it TV show, it was simplified and predictable - two things that just happen to destroy any other effort they may had put in. Or hadn't. Sorry, Telltale, you just lost me as your fan."
76561198039814063,Recommended,536220,33024174,Posted: 29 June,all,CrinkleChips13x,"TL;DR: Bad reviews are harsh. If you like the other Telltale TWD games, you'll like this one, too!Honestly I don't get the hate for this game. A lot of the reviews really kick this♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game but it's not bad. As far as Telltale's TWD, it's definitely the worst of the 3, but if you liked the first two, no reason you won't like this one. Here are some good and bads:Good:-Javier - Generally likable main character with a good back story.-Overall character set - Most of the characters were at the very least interesting, even the minor ones.-The plot - Really good story arch. The other TWD games were purely about keeping yourself alive, but this one was more like the show with shady characters, politics, and crazy stuff like that.-Plot twists - My goodness, there are twists on twists in this one. They all make sense and they are very unpredictable.-Flashbacks - I'm someone that really hates flashbacks, albeit in movies or games, but the flashbacks here weren't too long and added to the plot nicely.-Voice acting - Usually voice acting is noticable only if it is terrible (Looking at you Keifer Suthrland and Fallout 4) but I thought it was excellent in this game, despite the lines at times.Bad:-Decisions - This wasn't the worst, but some of the decisions to be made were such easy decisions. Some were real tough though, and the consequences came WAY down the line.-Decisions as it relates to Clem - Doing things that would make Clem mad were ridiculous for two reasons: 1) Anyone who played the first two TWD will always want to help Clem. 2) 99% of the time, doing the right thing in Clem's eyes was the obvious choice.-Plot holes - This was minor but there were some noticable holes. Just little things like someone knowing something that happened earlier even though they weren't there. Nothing plot-breaking at all, however.-Glitches - Pretty minor, again. Sometimes a random gray wall appeared in between your character, blocking the screen at times, but not often. Sometimes a button didn't appear that I was supposed to hit and I died (only happened 2 times). Then little stutters here and there.-Writing - Overall the writing was just fine. Occasionally you  get some really dumb lines from characters like when one of the baddest dudes in the game is fighting someone and he says, ""You've been a real fly in my ointment.""-Action Scenes - Pressing Q or E or pounding Q as fast as you can doesn't really work for me. It's an issue with this kind of game so I usually let it slide but there was a bit too much in this one.-Random silliness - As an example, a common thing to occur is for characters to celebrate in the middle of a zombie fight despite the imidiate dangers. Or for your group to be walking and not notice zombies that have been in from of them for hundreds of steps until they are 3 ft away.It seems like more bad than good but the good is real good and the bad is just annoying at worst. They could have taken an extra few months to really polish the game up and perfected the silly♥♥♥♥♥♥that made the bad list long but overall, fun game."
,Recommended,536220,33372444,Posted: 8 July,all,MarioDHD,love the series and the company 10/10
,Recommended,536220,33890555,Posted: 29 July,all,Sp00ky │ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"+ Better graphics+ Badass main character (still not even 10% badass as Clementine tho)+ Plot twists+ Good story. I liked the ""on the way"" story of season 1 and 2 more, but that's personal I guess- way more graphical bugs, sometimes very annoying- Like I said, worse story- OMG, I CAN'T WAIT FOR ANOTHER SERIES feeling after the end9,5/10"
,Recommended,536220,29684457,Posted: 3 February,all,Aerie925,"Love these games! Def recommend. The first two episodes were entertaining. Great story so far. Love the graphics. I only wish each episode was longer. With only 5 episodes each season, the episodes should be longer. Also, I wish Clem was still the PC, but I am enjoying Javi's story."
,Recommended,536220,32070301,Posted: 30 May,all,J0kur,Boi...
,Recommended,536220,32074682,Posted: 30 May,all,Andrew,Wow.
76561198014349395,Recommended,536220,32075450,Posted: 30 May,all,Joppe,"I don't see why people hate this game, Season 1>3>2 in my opinion."
76561198119772994,Recommended,536220,32146168,Posted: 3 June,all,jayvinstreet,"SPOILERS FOR SEASON 3!!! I can understand why some people are dissapointed with Season 3. Specifically with how players were playing as Javi instead of Clem and the story revolving around Javi and Kate sharing a love interest. It might not be superior to Season 1 and 2, but I do think that this is at least worth picking up.Pros: Now will be the first to say that I freaking love Clem, but it was interesting to see Telltale give us a new character not related to the cast of season 1. I did enjoy playing a parent figure like Lee back from season 1. It was also interesting to see Clemintime from the outside instead of playing as her. I did like this to a extent because this allowed us to connect with Clem in a different way. We already know what she's been through. Now we can gain her trust and allow her to learn that being alone isn't always neccesary. I did get emotional during this game though, I must say. Specifically when David died after everything that has happened and when Clem left to get AJ (in my playthrough at least). So this game will still give you watery eyes, but only slightly.Cons: The story here isn't that great to be honest. Yes, it was very entertaining overall. But moments like David finding out about Javi and Kates relationship (in my playthrough at least) and leaving David at the end of the game (all though he died) became way too predictable. My like for Eleanor died after Episode 4 and Trip was next if not for his apology. My point here is that some of the characters are just stupid and do not understand that the choices Javi made were to protect himself and his family. As staed before, the story is kinda crap, but entertaining. Finially, Jones was not a great villian compared to Carver or The Strainger (Season 1). She just raided and killed just for the lols to avoid shortcuts and tried to justify it. Just no.Overall: Asside from this games problems, I would still recommend you pick it up. Especially if you're like me and want to stay in the loop for TWD series. If you didn't like the fact that you didn't get to play as Clem, well that looked to be teased for Season 3. So stay tuned."
76561198009523114,Recommended,536220,32733952,Posted: 24 June,all,RjAnkos -RJ,"Got it at Steam Summer sale 2017, 50% off.As others stated, it feels short when compared to the other 2 seasons but is action-packed and in my opinion worth the price i paid for. Interest in Clem as well as growing fondness of Javi makes me excited for the next Walking Dead featuring them.Also, any game that has Garrus' voice in it, is awesome."
,Recommended,536220,32787011,Posted: 25 June,all,Viperspider,"If you like this series then you should like this game. Simple as. I've only played through it once, but it seems to have multiple possible endings. I remained invested in the characters and some of the decisions weighed heavily on me. Overall I really enjoyed it."
76561198076661661,Recommended,536220,32069184,Posted: 30 May,all,Mr.Max,Another great game from Telltale Games.Hope we'll see a continuation of the walking dead as fast as possible :D10/10
,Recommended,536220,32735276,Posted: 24 June,all,rooge,"Javi is OK, Clem is NPC now but it is OK too, no horror atmosphere because the story is very simple and predictable (NOT OK), episodes are very short (whole season for 7,9h). The Walking Dead: A New Frontier isthe weakest part of the series.Do not buy it at full price - only in a significant discount 50% and more because there is a minimum reason to re-play this peace of nothing."
,Recommended,536220,32943792,Posted: 28 June,all,LSD,"Another one of the amazing series, although this time not taking on the role of our beloved Clemintine your catching up with some others who have had there highs and lows with the end of the world!Family issues, Zombies and loved ones this is a telling game where does your trust and heart lie!"
76561198142280620,Recommended,536220,32965262,Posted: 28 June,all,cowabunga,"I was pretty excited to get into A New Frontier.  Well, this one deviated a bit from my expectations with Clementine taking much of a secondary role to Javier.  But all in all it was still a dramatic ride in a beat up truck with a zombie horde after you.  Clementine is more hard-edged after what she went through.  The controls for movement and actions kept changing which made it jerky for me.  The chapters could be longer as I felt only 5 episodes were short.  I missed the rewind feature on the other previous two games (hate having to replay the whole episode). I still enjoyed it and still recommend it. Just hope Clem's story continues."
,Recommended,536220,32975182,Posted: 28 June,all,para csgoroll.com,great game does stuff
76561198117669363,Recommended,536220,33532383,Posted: 14 July,all,Tiger,Pretty average walking dead game but still a good game.
76561198039542214,Recommended,536220,29020119,Posted: 4 January,all,legendlcox,"After reading some of the reviews I was reluctant to purchase this season because people were saying it simply disposed of the previous characters, but I believe they have done a good job with incorperating flash backs to what happened during the transition. Definitly worth it, can't wait till the rest of the episodes come out. Based off of seasons 1 and two before the release of season 3."
76561198153783023,Recommended,536220,32079252,Posted: 30 May,all,MontelGino#98 / (CHRISTINE),"Season 1 left my heartbroken.. i cried ok..Season 2 Left me REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off..But season 3, Well, lets just say a happy ending issomewhat /i] possible in the world of the walking dead. Having been a fan of the series as soon as the first episode hit on AMC, The Walking Dead has easily become one of my favorite franchises ever. Branching off with a crazy♥♥♥♥♥comic book that never lets the hype down, A fan-bating-tasic show on AMC, and a soon to become new game from the creators of PAYDAY 2,which seems pretty dope imoGRAPHICS: 9/10: SUCH AN INSANE INPROVEMENT from the previous entries, Shaders, AI, Movement all felt really refreshing too see after some pretty blocky animations from tellate, but that's their charm right? poop graphics = good story most of the timeSTORY: 9.5/10 Pretty solid I must say, You know what? SPOILERS AHEAD:I for one was pretty upset from the ending of episode 4 as you get royally dicked in the♥♥♥♥♥without lube trying decide whom to save from the choices you had, but hey, thats the reality of the world of the walking dead.But overall, Javier became a really awesome main character too steal the spotlight from clem without casuing to much of a shift in change thanks to his charm, chrismia, and funny jokes (Yeah that part in episode 5 where SPOILERS AHEAD:Covetrs himself in walker guts to blend in with the walkers to distract them or when their taking turns going across the helicopter ""♥♥♥♥ HELICOPTERS"" made me chuckle!Season 3 without a doubt is my favorite amongst the trio as I really enjoyed my time with the dynamic cast of characters #TEAMCLEM&JAVI Another thing that really made me a happy camper was the fact that teltale posted a AMA on reddithttps://www.reddit.com/r/thewalkingdead/comments/62mend/were_the_walking_dead_dev_team_at_telltale_games/Answering some questions people had for the game and clearing up some things that left fans confused, etcOVERALL: 9.5/10: Yeah ♥♥♥♥ you I cried a little at the end because I was happy ok! Not heartbroken.. Not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.. But everything from top to bottom was solid, Thanks teltale for not totaly ♥♥♥♥ing this one up as much. I don't really play any other tellate games other then TWD but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this to anyone who is looking for narrtive driven game."
,Recommended,536220,32156981,Posted: 3 June,all,Libor226™,Not best work from Telltale but still good and enjoyable.
,Recommended,536220,32267997,Posted: 8 June,all,AF,"Story wise, not as good as its previous titles. Telltale lost its touch to make the player feels attached to their characters. Javi is alright, but not interesting enough to care. Shame Clementine is not playable in this season. But still I recommend this game to all Walking Dead fans out there. Let's hope next season will be much much better."
,Recommended,536220,32845616,Posted: 27 June,all,Based Slowking,"The faster pacing was nice you don't feel like you're doing Trivial ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like in the other games. The new cast is pretty cool and very realistic. you can feel their emotion very paulpable couple things i didn't like1. I had a constant bug where javiar would have strings prutruding from his body during cutscenes almost the entire time.2. The game was 7 hours...really3. There was no need to cut the first episode across 2 episodes dont say it was too long. Don't lie nothing can be ""too long"" when it takes a month or longer for another episode! It was obviously a cop out so people didn't expect 3 hour episodes and/or you didn't have the resources for another episode...be like Jesus be honest!Final result 6/10 if you like the games 12.49 is a good price if youre kinda meh on the whole thing but wanna continue the story then 9.99 or cheaper is worth it! I can still recommend the game for the strength of the story alone however...it offered many new story telling elements."
,Recommended,536220,32916429,Posted: 27 June,all,Multin3fo,Good
76561198322644026,Recommended,536220,32966304,Posted: 28 June,all,Clorox Bleach,I came here to kill walkers not to feel
,Recommended,536220,34730872,Posted: 4 September,all,ZeroCool,"I loved this game. I don't care what the haters say, the storyline is good. While I would love to play as Clem, Javi's storyline is also good. I love it."
,Recommended,536220,28502989,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Fiona,SEASON 4 COMING BOI
76561198043087785,Recommended,536220,28502767,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SamzillaVanilla,This game's already got me ♥♥♥♥ed up.
76561198068430673,Not Recommended,536220,28498503,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Poogers555,"It pains my heart to give this a negitive review but I would be lying other wise.As of now, ep 1 and 2 are out, and all I can say is that if you played Season 1 and 2 I wouldnt really recommend this season. As of now though. I hope future episodes get better and Ill update the review if it does. But as of now, I cant help but say that A New Frontier is not the season 3 we wanted"
,Not Recommended,536220,30803552,Posted: 28 March,all,Wirelesspony,"SCREW YOU FOR MAKIGNG THIS ON SALE NOW WAIT FOR 2 MONTHS FOR AN UPDATE AND ALL OF YOUR STORIES ARE THE SAME THING""XXXXX will remember that.""B u l l s h i t ^^^^^^^^^^^^in all the telltale games its has never effected the story you create the illusion of having the choices but in the end we all end up in the ending.I really thought this was going to be different but I guess I got ♥♥♥♥ed"
76561197986371576,Not Recommended,536220,28583053,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AirRazer,"DO NOT BUY if the game is not on sale, it is so short and your so called ""choices"" do not make a lick of damn sense in either its not an actual choice, or its 3 choices that are really one. And please TellTale, if you want to tell your story go right on ahead but it is not a believable story if you keep these stupid choices up. ""Ohh Jane is pregnant now, well gotta have her hang, ohh Kenny is happy and alive better paralyze the ♥♥♥♥er to die to walkers on the side of the road"" and the worst of all the Wellington one. So let me get this right, a literal ♥♥♥♥ing fortress is able to be taken over, and ransacked by a small group of the new frontier to the point of they break in and you gotta get the hell out? NO NO NO NO NO NO NO! NO!!!!"
,Recommended,536220,28512815,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Voli,Im Javi'ng a great time
,Recommended,536220,33108303,Posted: 1 July,all,izzybellau,"I find it fascinating that so many people who don't recommend this game complain that this is the first Telltale game where choices don't matter.They are missing the point.Telltale games have always been amazing and impactful expereinces based on player choice in how a given plot moves along. That is true of every telltale game that I've played (TWD 1-3, TWAU, Batman) and will continue be true of every game because they are masters of deception: none of the choices that we've made in any of their games have everreallymattered, the stories are just crafted in a way that makes us think that they do. I will be the first to admit that this facade wears quickly. Play any game a second time making different choices and see just how little each one means. I once played the entirety of TWAU completely silent, never once choosing for Bigby to speak no matter the scenario, yet the story progressed. You would think the game is dependent on the main character at least speaking, no? None of the choices have ever really mattered, but that is not why these games are enjoyable.Season 1 was very successful because it gave the player very little real choice. Carley and Doug both die no matter what, and so does Lee. What creates the illusion is that you as the player get to guide how they die, but telltale was very definate with their fates. The emotional impact came from the players' ability to work up the courage to end Lee's suffering or not, not from whether or not the choice you were making actually affected anything.(Here's a little hint in case you haven't realized it: in TWD, no character who has the option to die will make it through an entire season unless their death is determined in the conclusion of that season, of which case they will certainly die in the begining of the next one)Season 2 was the least successful to me because it made me discover the rule I just stated, which killed a lot of immersion for me. Telltale clearly made a last minute attempt to clean up their loose plotlines by killing everyone off in simply ridiculous ways (looking at you, Luke, Nick, and Sarah!) and the nail of the coffin was seeing why Clem was alone at the start of Season 3.But Season 3 doesn't do that. It starts you with a family of diverse characters, and it gives you the option to see how that family is in the end. This ending was phenomenal, in my opinion, because it truly tricked me into the belief that I had a real choice this time, for once! It was my Clem, who I had raised, that was smart enough to decide to go wherever I did not, leaving me more secure in my own choice. It was up to me to determine my relationship with my family, and in the end my priorities payed off for what is in my opinion the best possible outcome. I am sure many players were not so lucky, but the point stands that my perfect ending was possible, and I got it, and it was the best feeling I've had playing a Telltale game in a long time.I know that in the end, my ""perfect"" ending family will probably be stricken with tragedy at the start of the next season, but for right now I am happy. Just let me have this, okay? Please?I just want Javi and Kate to have beautiful babies and live happily ever after :("
,Recommended,536220,32008231,Posted: 27 May,all,Valor,"People complaining about the game being short, the characters are boring.And?I understand sure, but this game is not terrible. Clementine is still the bad♥♥♥♥♥she is. Javier (maybe because I am part jock) is a cool character to me with an interesting back story. A baseball player who played for Baltimore. You're controlling an MLB character. Being able to swoon over Kate, never had the option to attempt romance before. They added some new things to the game at least. I like the past parts, let's you see what did happen before season three kicked off.I prefer the shorter episodes. Instead of two hours long because you feel the urge to examine every thing. Sure the puzzles aren't as hard like the first seasons, but I honestly prefer that. This isn't Legend of Zelda and the Water Temple. Glad they are simplistic.The characters uninteresting. Is it because we got new people? And they aren't the first set of crew? They were all dead or down to what, two or three people? Did we just want to see Clementine, the one army girl, dodging in and out of trouble and losing a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton again? I think it's nice we got a change."
,Not Recommended,536220,28511257,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ling Yu,"I want a refund, please. This game seemed to be rushed just to live up the hype. Sorry for bad english don't hate me. I love telltale and their games esp TWD and Wolf-no more gameplay, given choices tht doesn't seem to matter anymore-less time per episode, 1 ep can be played for 1 hr? (i played for 6 hrs bec i left the game open AFK)-buggy art assets that disappears or turn black-really long loading screen (it might be just me but i asked other people and they did also so idk)-rushed story, everything happens so fast that I don't even know the characters-no character development-where are the feels, dying people in this game are so obvious-clem only 1/3 of the story (i know this is just ep 1-2) but man those episodes are shorthoping for he best for other episodes because i can't refund this anymore. Again, don't hate me because I didn't like the game. I know some of u all like it but this my opinion. God Bless"
,Recommended,536220,30595628,Posted: 18 March,all,jaspey,"OverviewFirst off, I would like to say that I had an amazing experience playing the first released 2 episodes of A New Frontier. I beat The Walking Dead 1 and The Walking Dead Season 2 on my xbox; and have to say that A New Frontier really felt like those games. The gameplay is incredibly cinematic and almost feels like you're in a movie. You get to know each character, and develop certain connections to them, whether being good or bad.The VerdictI would highly recommend The Walking Dead: A New Frontier to anyone who enjoyed the previous games, or to anyone who is looking for a new, thrilling game.This review is my opinion only, and others are intitled to their ownCharacters: 8.9/10Gameplay: 9/10Cinematic Elements: 10/10Choices: 8/10Story: 9.3/10Replayabiltiy: 8/10Overall: 9.5/10"
76561198284973413,Recommended,536220,30847290,Posted: 30 March,all,flashsilver729,"My game keep crashing after a few seconds i played, and every time i crash in the same position, anyone help??"
76561198140540746,Recommended,536220,30398486,Posted: 8 March,all,N1GHTMINER22,Their faces are too shiny
76561198333840284,Not Recommended,536220,28801968,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Toxic Wombat,i was never able to get on and had to request a refund. thx tale tale :D
,Recommended,536220,29380543,Posted: 20 January,all,dead_alewives,"After playing TellTale's disappointing Game of Thrones, I was afraid that they may have lost their touch. I'm glad to see that they still have the skill to make a good Walking Dead game.The first two episodes of New Frontier are fantastic. Lots of character development, great writing, great directing, good pacing, great artwork and great emotional envelopment. The first two episodes only took me two and half hours to finish, but it didn't feel its length. So much goes on that, when you're done, you'll swear that you put at least 5 or 6 hours in.I recommend this and am really looking forward to the next episodes."
,Recommended,536220,31832800,Posted: 18 May,all,ｖａｐｏｒ ｋｉｔｔｙ,"The game itself is pretty intriguing; the storyline is promising, you have some developed characters from Season 2, you seem to have to make harder decisions, and you need to act swiftly upon problems. As for the storyline - this game is great.As far as i'm concerned, the rendering is bad, even if you have a grade A computer. The only problem I have with the decisions you make (and this honestly should be no surprise to anyone at this point), is that no matter what you do; most actions will end up the same in the end no matter what you choose. The gameplay and fighting scenes are just walking around aimlessly, maybe picking up a few extra items or pointing out a few things until you come across the main problem that caused you to take a break from the storyline anyways, and then mashing keys as per usual to kill off some zombies/people.overall I do reccomend this game, it is truly a great addition to TWD games, but not the best."
,Recommended,536220,29328218,Posted: 17 January,all,tansykute,It's a good season. It's been four years since the events of SS 2 and now we can see that Clem can take care of herself and not rely on anyone else. Clem becomes a support character is right choice of Telltale and with this we can see how far does she grow up. I'm looking forward to ep 3.
,Not Recommended,536220,28961021,Posted: 2 January,all,Rico2,Q tapping simulator 2049
,Recommended,536220,30885125,Posted: 1 April,all,BLIMINGTON BUTT,"I saw a few non-spoiler reviews before playing this. They were all pretty critical of the game, so maybe that contributed to my expectation going in, because I really, really enjoyed it.It still captures the feel and tone of the other games, and I like the characters just as much. I guess the difference was I found it much easier to be a ""good guy"" and the other characters were a bit more agreeable as far as I can tell. Obviously there is tension, but in the other games, you can still make the best decision you think you could possibly make, and someone will always be very upset with it, which was always the point of the decision making, but in TNF the character's seem to react a bit less polarizing to your decisions (so far).  In my opinion, it was kind of refreshing.The combat isnt' as involved, and honestly I like it better- I play the games solely for the narrative experience, and the bit of combat is nice, but they made it a lot less of a QTE experience, without removing the combat altogether and I personally like it more."
76561198089253047,Recommended,536220,29136171,Posted: 8 January,all,Big Daddy Lulu,"Oooh Clem guuurl, you so savage!Honestly, season 3 isn't great. But I don't expect much from telltale.The graphics have vastly been improved, story telling isn't terrible but not the best either. A lot of your decisions from the previous season will not make a single bit of differance in season 3. In fact, a great majority of your choices in season 3 won't make a differance.Like I'm still buttmad that they kill off the character Clem chooses to go with at the end of Season 2. I'm not so much as upset they died but HOW they died. Super lame.The only thing season 3 has going for it is Big Boss Clem and her PTSD flashbacks."
76561198025663491,Recommended,536220,30543691,Posted: 16 March,all,Meowcolm X,"It's standard Telltale fare. If you liked the other Telltale games, you'll like this one too. If you haven't played any other Telltale games, go start with Walking Dead season 1. Don't let this be your first outing."
76561197967559167,Recommended,536220,33136601,Posted: 2 July,all,Robot Vagina,"It's not as good as Season 1 or Season 2, but it's still enjoyable. The writing needs to step up for Season 4 if they want us to keep caring about Clem's storyline."
,Recommended,536220,28516966,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Are the ghosts of slaves white?,The best game ever made.
76561198139955953,Recommended,536220,28563998,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Biazelos,ILOVETHISGAME!1!1!!1!!!1!1!!!11!11!1!!
,Recommended,536220,31427870,Posted: 28 April,all,Dragoon,"Simply Amazing, I really enjoy playing this game! I don't understand why there is such hate for this game right now... Really guys, just ignore ALL the spam/hate/trolling that these new reviews are dumping on this amazing AAA title and enjoy it. Savior the precious few moments you have with this game, blood (Telltale Games) is thicker than water my friends (community hub)."
76561197965022378,Recommended,536220,28528333,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,| Leviathan Wakes ||,"This game is amazing. They fixed all the critism they got for Season 2 and the Michonne series being kinda meh. The A team is back. Clem is a badass, the new characters have depth and development. I really like the new Lead Javier.-------------Spoilers Below-------------------Early on in the game there's a pot smoking scene, it's hilarious and the banter between the characters feels so real, it's extremely well written. Telltale is back ladies and Gentlemen, they knocked this one out of the park. I'm already drooling for the next Episodes. Buy it and play it in the Dark with head phones. Trust me"
,Recommended,536220,28492543,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Susmaryosep,Javi against the Muertos aww yea
,Recommended,536220,30813074,Posted: 29 March,all,Warframer_,Episode 1 & 2 were a let down but episode 3 is amazing.Trust me its like that one TWD season 7 episode. :D
,Recommended,536220,30838472,Posted: 30 March,all,Frakun,This game so far as of chapter 3 is just like any other tell tale games that I've played. Interesting plot and choices that overall dont matter much.  However if any problem i have is that the episodes are fairly short only taking about 2 and a half hours to finish up to chapter 3. Just try not to look at this game as meaningful as they say
76561198041480665,Recommended,536220,31314079,Posted: 23 April,all,Luciel Bot,Always love the walking dead
76561197969417125,Recommended,536220,33743014,Posted: 23 July,all,G00N3R,"A New Frontier is the third season of Telltale’s Walking Dead series. If you’ve played the first two seasons, or any of Telltale’s other adventure games, you pretty much know what to expect, so I won’t spend a long time explaining the gameplay structure. Its mostly about making dialogue choices during conversations with NPCs, with a few QTE based combat scenes.New Frontier introduces a new player character, Javier, who is trying to protect his family from both the living and the dead. It also continues Clementine’s story from the first two seasons. The quality of the story is strong – it probably helps that I just really enjoy the Walking Dead in general (even Fear The Walking Dead which has significantly improved recently), and the voice acting is fantastic.Its not a perfect game though, and I do have some complaints. I want to be clear that these are not reasons to avoid buying the game. If you like Telltale’s games, you’ll like New Frontier. This is constructive criticism for Telltale (assuming they are reading reviews) to help improve their next games, especially the recently announced Walking Dead season 4.Having played as Clementine in season 2, I was disappointed to have almost no control over her in New Frontier, other than during a couple of short flashback scenes. I think there was a period of time during each episode where Javier and Clementine went to different locations, so it would have been nice to control Clem while she was alone, help her to fight some walkers, achieve some objective, whatever – similar to how the player switches between controlling two characters in Tales From The Borderlands.The above point would also have helped extend the length of each episode. In total season 1 was roughly 10 hours long, season 2 was around 8 hours, but New Frontier is less than 7 hours. Telltale’s recent games have a worrying trend of getting shorter.Two charactersChrista and Kennywere alive the last time I saw them in season 2, but I never saw them during New Frontier. If season 4 is the final season, I don’t want characters to just disappear, I want closure for their stories.Telltale’s games are built on player choice, but often these choices are an illusion. If you replay the game, or just look up the other choices on a forum, you see that events play out pretty much the same. You might choose not to do something, but then an NPC immediately does that thing anyway, so no matter what your choice was, the thing is always going to happen and the story moves forward along the same path.I really want them to put the effort in to making a truly branching narrative, where our decisions can lead us to different locations, so that we can encounter different NPCs and different story elements, similar to Witcher 2’s chapter 2. I understand this would take more effort, more development time, but I believe it would result in a better game. Telltale are among the best storytellers in the games industry, if they could just take some risks and innovate, instead of sticking to the same formula for every game, they could produce some amazing games."
76561198209024568,Recommended,536220,32148481,Posted: 3 June,all,Everything Is Droppable Editor,"I don't get the hate for this game. I love it. For 2 weeks, waiting for money (long story, please don't ask) every day I woke up with: ""OK! Lets get to school, get this sh*tty day over, invite all my friends over and have some fun with an amazing game and I can after 4 f*cking years, finally protect and take care of my Clemy!"" and every night I went to sleep with: ""God f*cking damnit give me my f*cking money already so I can buy the game! and every day of those 2 weeks, all my buddies came over, hoping and waiting with me. And none of the people in my group were dissapointed. THIS GAME IS AMAZING! It tells the story of an 1diot f*ck-up, who is FORCED to deal with serious family issues. For once, my choices actually mattered, especially in episode 5: ""From the gallows"". I don't give 2 flying f*cks about what others think. If you don't have the game, please only listen to me. If you want to play throughout a compelling story with Clem and very deep family issues, please for the love of god buy this game and tell Telltale that Clem better not get hurt! Thank you for reading!"
,Recommended,536220,34050869,Posted: 5 August,all,"Destroy, Erase, Improve","WOW. This was absolutely my favourite season. I dont have anything negative to say about it. Emotional rollercoster with facinating characters, plot twists and the ending was perfect (for my choices of course). Cant wait for the final season! And I cant recommend this season highly enough. But playing the previous seasons is an absolute must! And I would like to praise the length of the game. Too many games drag on these days. Quality over quantity... Ive always respected the length of the Telltale games Walking Dead series (just personal taste I guess)"
76561198000489822,Recommended,536220,29147337,Posted: 9 January,all,Newman,"Awesome game series from Telltale.This is season 3 of TWD called The New Frontier. Which apparently is a group of people that calls them selves that, and seems to have an history from previously seasons or history.This season is very cool and can either be played as an own serie/episode or you can contnue from season 1 and 2.If you choose to continue, you will get a few choices to choose from, which the story is to be based on for the coninuation. You will be given 2 chocies each time and a short story based on your choices, that tells you what happened in the previous seasons.The Walking Dead (TWD) series is. A 5 episode seasons and so far, 3 seasons series ftom Telltale. A very good and interesting game and quality series that adapts from the choices you make.The game series is a very own seris that has nothng to do with the TV series (as far as I know anyway).On one note: It seems that Jesus (Paul) form the TV series is in the games season 3. Dunno if it is him, but it sure looks a hell lot like him. And that's really cool."
,Recommended,536220,29770689,Posted: 7 February,all,☞✰⍟BonkBoeink⍟✰☜,"THE GAME IS COOL talltale games really gone far with this game its vary cool a whole new protagonist insted of others this is the 3rd walking dead game and the best soo far 2 episodes that are amazing and fun i love the game beacuase it tells a whole new store whole new family no lee no katjaa no kenny well once no others some do return but thats also thats why i love this game i recommend this game alot a servey to 10 how much do i like this game well 1,000 its really great $25 is worth it for this game highly recommended"
,Recommended,536220,30005070,Posted: 18 February,all,Meeh,"great game but you will not under stand anything if you didn't play othere episodes/or watch them,SPOILER but i was sad when you cant play with clem"
76561197982493178,Recommended,536220,30955257,Posted: 4 April,all,Light'em UP,great game! Cant wait to play the next season. CrowdPlay is a really fun concpt that can play the game with up to 12 people.
,Recommended,536220,32100830,Posted: 31 May,all,xXxJ@CkXxX,The best choice story game ever and the story is to touching .
,Recommended,536220,32120191,Posted: 1 June,all,Bichael Molton,"It takes a few episodes to really connect with the new PC, but it was the same with Lee in season one really. If you're a fan of other TellTale games you'll like this one too.Excited for what's to come!"
,Recommended,536220,29267800,Posted: 15 January,all,loomman529,"Oh, man. Where do I even begin? Well, this game IS one of my most played Steam games. Now, I have only played it twice. All those other hours are from my brother playing it, pausing it for a really long time, and playing through the entire episode again to make a stupid change in my choices. Ok, if you don't know the story yet, then stop reading, since this review will contain major spoilers for all 5 episodes. I honestly don't know weather to recommend this game, or to not recommend it. Whilst this game isn't bad, comparing it to seasons 1 and 2, it really is pretty bad. So, I'll start with the graphics. This game should be able to run fine on any PC at medium render quality. But, I hate the graphics of this. WAIT! Hear me out. Ok, so season 1 looked pretty faithful to the comics. Season 2 looked exactly like the comics, but in color. Season 3 looks nothing like the comics. Sure, it's still cell shaded, but that's the only thing that still makes it look like them. It looks more like a DC or Marvel comic than a Walking Dead comic. This is because they're using the newer Telltale Tool, the same one they've been using since Batman. Also, becuse of this, they ♥♥♥♥ing REMOVED the ""rewind"" feature! Why? Every game since Batman has not had it. Now, this is a really big problem, since it was so useful. If I only wanted to play the ending of season 2, and make different choices in that, I can! But with season 3, to get the ending where Kate died, I had to play through the whole episode AGAIN, AND make sure I made the right choice. Only, Telltale come up to me, and say (?) Your choice does not matter. Which brings me to my next point. Ok, by now, you know how Telltale works. You boot up the episode, and it lies to you, saying ""This game series adapts to the choices you make. The story is tailored by how you play."" This may be true with some Telltale series, but not this one. No matter what, Mariana dies. No matter what, you find Clem in Richmond. No matter what, Jesus breaks free (if you chose not to trust him. I only did just to see what would happen). No matter what Tripp/Ava die regardless of who you chose to save. My point is that none of your choices matter. Now, let's talk about the ending. The ending to this game is probably the most unsatisfying ending I've seen since Half-Life 2 Episode Two. The game ends on a cliffhanger. Clem doesn't even FIND AJ in the end. I mean, that's fine, but they just send her off. I mean, sure, she's Clementine. She'll be fine. But shouldn't someone have gone with her? Anyway, I'll wrap this up, and let you get on with your day. So, The Walking Dead: A New Frontier. Is it worthy of the $25? No. Telltale really need to pick up their game in season 4. I don't want to give a fnal score, because I don't know what to think about this game. So, if you really want a final score, I give The Walking Dead: A New Frontier a 5/10. Now don't think this means it's bad. It's just because I don't know what to give it. Anyway, if you've read this far, I solute you, and have a good rest of your day/evening. I was just about to hit ""save"", and just realised how long this review is! Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198081290128,Recommended,536220,30066503,Posted: 20 February,all,|K1ddy| says AlClem,"7,5/10"
76561198007285775,Recommended,536220,33202138,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr.BadPlayer,"This game is really underratedAlmost ALL of the characters matter, Javi is EXTREMELY nice character, same as KateSome say your choices dont matter, which is another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the game has like 4 or 5 different endings, and the people act towards you, the same way you act towards them.The game is really awesome, and it certainly IS worth the title TWD."
,Recommended,536220,29003869,Posted: 4 January,all,Lime,gr8 story tbh
76561198340609137,Recommended,536220,29276614,Posted: 15 January,all,zmaster7,I like the game very much a lot of people probably would not like the fact how spoiler alert Kenny and jane both die and you do not get to play as clementime but if you take the game for note being the next season and for being a 'new frontier' in the series to say.
76561198003686752,Recommended,536220,29788493,Posted: 8 February,all,LzDK14,"Epic, simply epic."
,Recommended,536220,29973407,Posted: 16 February,all,DLAROC,Great game! But they sure are taking their time with the 3rd episode..
,Not Recommended,536220,28799304,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,rafbot1998,"I like the game's story, but at the same time I finished 2 episodes in two hours."
76561198011268881,Recommended,536220,33206921,Posted: 3 July,all,Embarking Truce,Really impresed with this adventure. Grapics have improved and the story line is mature. Highly recommend it! :)
,Recommended,536220,33228714,Posted: 4 July,all,Danfield,"Engaging and entertaining interactive story. It attempts to build depth into some of the key characters, with mixed success.At its core the gameplay is about choosing loyalties. The authors have made it impossible to maintain any particular loyalty without conflict. This becomes especially obvious when they use a backstory to reveal a pre-existing loyalty, quite late in the game, which you didn't know about until then. So as a player it comes down to going with the flow and changing loyalties from time to time."
,Recommended,536220,31902902,Posted: 22 May,all,BritishRed,"I see that everyone seems to be hating on this telltale series , me for one i Love Clementine and i loved javi and kate .... at the end of the day we bought this game because we saw clementine again so we as a community need to stop hating on this game because i for one , personally think that its a decent game and ive enjoyed playing every seccond of it... 9/10 i would give it and thats only because some things in this series i couldnt control the parts i wish i could of"
76561198000603047,Recommended,536220,28878946,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,EniX*-> hoooChiscraZy,I really love these series. soo good
76561198117358102,Recommended,536220,31385816,Posted: 26 April,all,KingSpikeAqua,"TWD season 1 and 2 fans expecting the same♥♥♥♥♥♥from those seasons - yeah no.notice it isn't advertised as season 3, it's a separate series.story is actually pretty good if you go into it not expecting a repeat"
76561198321299035,Not Recommended,536220,28598183,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,spookylix,keeps freezing on startup
,Not Recommended,536220,28668225,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sacred,"Developers, please correct the DirectX error, I did not return the game because believe in you.We want to see the continuation ... 🙏🙏🙏"
,Recommended,536220,32070969,Posted: 30 May,all,[BEW]CoZMIC__--__--,This game is amazing and gets a 10/10 YOU MUST PLAY THIS!!!This game is amazing and gets a 10/10 YOU MUST PLAY THIS!!!The Amount of effort put into this season was amazing and the hard choices. Episode 1-4 was amazing with ep 1 and 2 Being in parts episode 3 and 4 was amazing but not as good and draw Dropping as episode 5.People who give this game negative reviews need to play through it again and please dont hate it as i think in my own personal review of the game that it was amazing and everyone is entitled to their own opinion. but for me Telltale Games did a GOOD JOB on this Season of the walking dead and Cannot Wait for season 4.as Said before 10/10
,Recommended,536220,32170971,Posted: 4 June,all,MiniawP,good game like seyedahmad hakim
76561198105158220,Recommended,536220,31473061,Posted: 30 April,all,Lukaszxe DayZRP.com,Alright I like this season to be honest. I think that season 2 was a huge letdown for all twd fans but season 3 actually was better. Ofcourse season1 is still my favourite but I think telltale has really managed to good things with this season.
,Recommended,536220,32176259,Posted: 4 June,all,Negan,"Episodes 1 - 4 of A New Frontier we good, not up to the quality of the previous two seasons.  However, I thought final episode recaptured this feeling and provided me with a satisfying ending. Hopefully season 4 picks up from where episode 5 left off after the wobble of the first 4 episodes. I'd 100% recommend this to anyone if they enjoyed seasons 1 and 2, just don't expect this one one match them."
,Recommended,536220,32435124,Posted: 15 June,all,Jerppu,Maybe worst walking dead but still a great game.
76561198209869044,Recommended,536220,32191839,Posted: 4 June,all,Top Hat Crusader,"Powerful and impressive overall.Story was decent, though not great.Choices actually mattered throughout this game.Pretty good ending that makes me want to replay as a total♥♥♥♥♥♥and see what happens. (lol)Shorter than expected and hoped for. :(Good outing to the series that expands on both the universe, gave us a great bunch of characters and story to care about those in their lives in a shorter time period than with Lee and Clem. Could have been longer, but appreciate that they didn't force it into another two episodes. Not sure why people still aren't sure about it.RECOMMEND"
,Recommended,536220,28494007,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,True Kadghar,"I've barrely played 3 hours of the game and i already took 5 great mind♥♥♥♥ it feels good to discover new caracterIt's really hard to explain why is this game truly good without spoiling the two first , the fact that the 3rd game us choices from the 1st & the 2nd games is already a great thingthe game looks great even better than the second game.I can't explain without spoiling so , make your own idea of ""why is this game good / bad"" by buying it , trust me , it's worth it."
,Recommended,536220,32602383,Posted: 20 June,all,Kiwi,"A love letter to all fans of The Walking Dead comics, and a a brilliant entry point to the seriesAlmost as if the developers listened to the complaints of season 2's linear storytelling, this game attempts to fix this issue by adding a lot more choices and interaction in dialogue... and mainly dialogue. Quick time events are still rampent, but fail to amaze. The amazement comes from the new cast of characters. Although they have nowhere near as much charm or personality as characters from previous seasons, they are still there to appreciate for their optimism and offer a change of heart compared to the early years of the apocolypse.Since this takes place about 2 years after season 1, settlements are more common and that means they are also more of a threat. This new settlement is rising in power and it's up to you, Harvey, to choose whether to stick with your family, side with a peaceful town or be best buds with Clementine. If you do not know Clementine, then that's because you have not played Season 1 or 2. I highly recommend you do, just so you get her full story and get insight on her flashback scenes. Heavy stuff. Basically, there are a lot of ways to change the story and it genuinely feels like there are a lot of mistakes to make, which is good, because that's what these games are about, as it may make the most interesting conflicts.But yeah, I don't want to spoil anything, but the story is really good and worth replaying. I just loved how it continues Clementine's story and seeing her grow as I have made her to be in previous games.Besides that, it's more of the same, which isn't bad, but really crushes your heart after seeing some flashback scenes with Clem. Let's just say, the developers are cruel and understand the franchise... The Walking Dead isn't a happy story, and depending on your Season 2 ending creates Clem's backstory for this game which fuels her motives and helps her perform her actions depending on what she learned."
76561198026045330,Recommended,536220,28591170,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Blyatman,TELLTALE PLS......That's one hell of an ending
,Recommended,536220,28631770,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ALCKRN,JUST BUY IT!
,Recommended,536220,32402892,Posted: 13 June,all,Dusti Adore,"Very very good, and I love the direction these games have evolved to. This is the best of the series, and it ties Clementine's story all together, finally shaping her into a person I made her from season 1 all the way to season 3 here. The style they chose is a little more 3D and less heavy on the cell shading, or ""Cartoon"" look. It still has that look, but you can see a lot easier the 3D improvements, the models, and the textures look great. Aside from that, they put together a really unique story that seems to be a breath of fresh air from the previous two seasons. It seems more modern, honest and personal."
,Recommended,536220,29076287,Posted: 6 January,all,CanadianMemeImporter.,"So f*cking good, just wish the new episode would be released soon"
76561198025691737,Recommended,536220,30650556,Posted: 21 March,all,Elennia,"Im only up to episode 2, and have already run into three continuity and editing errors (i.e. incorrect character name uses, missing/dead characters appearing in background shots etc.).A bit sloppy for what has been an otherwise fantastic series.Still enjoying it though."
76561198127457100,Recommended,536220,31358661,Posted: 25 April,all,Zeeah,"Decent game. Nowhere near as emotionally attatched as seaon 1 & 2 as the characters in here are fine but no are really that great bar Javi and Clem. Also, anyone know a quicker way of getting the new episode as it should be out already but it doesn't seem to be there and had to redownload my game last time just to get it."
76561198084935483,Recommended,536220,28493633,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"I'm sad I can't play as Clementine but this story is probably the better ones of all the Walking Dead Series, the way it gets you into the story and basically never lets you put your guard down and surprises you one after the another. It just gets you going WHAAAAAAAAAAT?! the entire game. Clementine is also a major bad♥♥♥♥♥in this game so hey, loved it!"
,Recommended,536220,31033631,Posted: 8 April,all,Dillon,"I really enjoy this series of games.  I never really watched the tv show or followed news about it.  I just rented the first game from Redbox when it came out and due to the 24 hour dealine of returning it, it forced me to play the whole game.  After that I was hooked.  It is a really great game and I was attatched to the storyline since the beginning.  I love that they are continuing this storyline and hope to see more in the future.Yeah the chapters do seem shorter then the first and the second ones but its still an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,536220,32074052,Posted: 30 May,all,The Grim Reaper,"The third season of TellTale's The Walking Dead is a heartwrenching, intense, adventure. A very fitting way to ""end"" this saga."
,Recommended,536220,32075312,Posted: 30 May,all,JDEcrazy23,"I thoroughly enjoyed this. The story was great and the choices, at times, were impossible to make (can be annoying, but it made the game worth it)! Looking forward to more!"
,Recommended,536220,32076167,Posted: 30 May,all,Chu4Lyfe,"This game was good but not as good as part 1 and 2. I'm still unsure why they just didn't call this season 3 tho. There aren't much ""let me go back and replay what I just did"" moments though lol. 8/10"
76561198085758917,Recommended,536220,32123648,Posted: 2 June,all,The_Revenger,Again a masterpiece from Telltale. I love these games. Keep up the good work guys!
76561198168771442,Recommended,536220,32137195,Posted: 2 June,all,SHEEN,"Totally worth full price, liked playing as Javi, happy they are putting new characters in and not just recycling old ones. Also built up good tension for next season."
,Recommended,536220,29467202,Posted: 24 January,all,vespaman0,The game is alright but it suffers from the things that the Michonne spinoff game suffered from. Way too many executions of Q&E or the AXYB buttons. Rather than letting you struggle to hit your mark you simpley press a button. Which is much much easier than trying to put your cursor on the heads of your enemies within a short period of time. It has undoubtedly made the game a bit easier and feel less interactive. If they were going to add these sequences into the game i wish they would have at least made them feel more difficult. I think gameplay wise season two was the best because it had the left right up and down movements as well as the aiming portions of the gameplay. It was a great balance because it actually gave you control where in the first season you had less control. You didn't control the characters evasive maneuvers in the first game. Now in the third season you control evasive maneuvers but not the aggressive maneuvers because they have almost all ben turned into single button presses.The story is still pretty good and Clem has certainly changed a bit. Javier isn't the most interesting guy in the world and he doesn't feel quite as likeable as a character as lee.... I miss lee.... sigh.... but anyway he doesn't have quite as much personality and his relationships with the other characters aren't quite as strong as the Clementine and Lee bond. Even in season 2 you could feel the bond between Clem and Lee in the things Clem could say or did. Javier definitely needs a personality overhaul. I hope they do a spin off for Clementine where we see how she gets to where she's at instead of just the flash backs. Clem feels a bit more like a mysterious character than one we know well because she is VERY different. Overall though the game is good and mostly i'm just using this to tell you guys whats not really that great anymore. As far as whats good...the same things as the previous games... the stress of making decisions that can affect certain outcomes. Of course the game cannot overly branch out and for the most part you will end up in the same rut at the end but games like these cannot help it. If they were too different htey couldn't craft a sequel.
,Recommended,536220,29491329,Posted: 25 January,all,Chea996,"I liked this first two episodes, but in both the previous seasons the main character is Clementine. Even in season one when you play as Lee, the whole game is based around protecting her. In the second season, you play and survive as her. This should be Clem's story, and nobody else's.In the third season I would have liked to play as Clementine again. :("
,Recommended,536220,30896246,Posted: 2 April,all,yea,The only real complaint I have is how its a lot shorter than the first 2. I reccomend you wait for a sale.
,Recommended,536220,33528373,Posted: 13 July,all,Blueninjaden,I got possibly the worst ending and I still enjoyed it. 10/10 for bad decision making
76561198043619983,Recommended,536220,29245312,Posted: 14 January,all,Emperor Don,It's good
,Recommended,536220,29672253,Posted: 3 February,all,Ozzy,"After eagerly awaiting the return of The Walking Dead franchise on Steam after numerous other Telltale games released, i finally got the news i was waiting for.The Walking Dead was coming back!I was jumping up and down with joy over the then recent news that had been shared.Now fast forward a bit and the game was released with two episodes bundled instead of the traditional one. I was surprised but nonetheless eager to play and see Clementine again, that once inseparable bond between you and that character returns, although the intent of wanting to save her from the struggles of the zombie infested world quickly disappears as she is visibly quite older now and can manage to take care of herself. It's a fantastic game and i can't wait for future episodes to be released.However i wanted more light shed on the outcomes we chose in the second season, it seems all we get from them are flashbacks near the end of each episode (As far as i can tell anyway, i may have missed something that could give me more information). Oh well, it doesn't put me off the game, and that's what matters to me. What also matters is that Clem is back and she's ready to kick even more a s s."
,Recommended,536220,30043988,Posted: 19 February,all,tboneholland23,I love this game so far worth the money. I am excited for the next eps to come out. Clem is such a badass the new characters are full of well character excited to see where the ending goes. Recommend to anyone who has played the last two seasons just warning there are some pretty annoying characters but for the most part lots of memorable and likable characters.
76561198210111580,Recommended,536220,32111063,Posted: 1 June,all,jnrobb,"Firstly I'm gonna say, yes it's not as good as the first and second game, and yes at some points you may find it lacking in quality, but overall this is still a fun and enjoyable game. For me, the emotional impact is still there, and thats what I love about these games.I would say that it's worth the purchase."
,Recommended,536220,32995998,Posted: 29 June,all,iSm1le,You can spend money on this game!
76561198135603835,Recommended,536220,33006220,Posted: 29 June,all,TodboT,yes
76561198123525425,Recommended,536220,33297035,Posted: 5 July,all,☭,"Shorter than the previous titles, but stell a gem.This is a must play for fans of The Walking Dead."
76561198067310512,Recommended,536220,32081533,Posted: 31 May,all,hedfuk,"Not a great start, but around episode 3 and onwards the game becomes great. It may not be anywhere near as good as Season 1 and Season 2, but it still has the qualities of those games. Such as good decisions, characters you really care about, characters you don't care about. Engaging and interesting storyline, etc. The game isn't as great as the first two but its still definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,536220,32151935,Posted: 3 June,all,Pensionsmyndigheten,The walking dead: 9/10The walking dead season 2: 9.5/10The walking dead a new frontier: 8.6/10
,Recommended,536220,32157660,Posted: 3 June,all,Ren Yagami,"So i've been waiting for a while to write a review for this game. First of all, i know a lot of you dont like it because you suddenly become a different character, but i've actually been patient because i trust telltale's work and i was right. Of course it isnt as good as season 1 because thats just undefeatable. Season 1 will always be my favorite season but this one was actually really good and i loved it like all the other seasons. When i first started it i had some doubts about our characters but now that i've actually been patient and finished the game, all i have to say is: Its pretty damn good, i really enjoyed it. A lot of people call the ending disappointing but i thought it was the perfect way to end the story of this group.The one thing i wanna say is: The episodes were really short compared to season one and thats one thing i didnt like about it, i miss the long episodes.You had a lot of different endings and thats what i did like, i feel like the choices in this season mattered more than those in the other seasons.Overall i'd give it an 8/10"
76561198101769942,Recommended,536220,32182411,Posted: 4 June,all,Metamaster64,"My goodness, this game was quite the surprise.at first i was a little disapointed with the new character, but man the story is SUPER deep.This one will RIP out your heart.I cannot wait for the next season."
76561197993767882,Recommended,536220,32183652,Posted: 4 June,all,tony1000,"Amazing game and story. Telltale have exceeded my expectations once again. Clementine still remains the main character. But in addition we get spanish-speaking family. Javier is cool character and reminds me about Last of Us. Scenes with flashbacks from the old life are cool (may be because they are not too long). This story also slightly touches themes like cancer or soldier adaptation to ordinary life. I really emotionally understand all problems that Javier has with his brother and other relatives.For me, this season holds the mark of quality of previous ones. One of the strongest emotionally involved game in telltale's baggage. Highly recommend.9/10"
76561198369059970,Recommended,536220,32246422,Posted: 7 June,all,Angryclowncrumb,"This game is so good, i loved playing all of the other games a few years back and this is just as good.  I hope that the next game i can play as clemitine though i say go get this game if you are fans of the others but play the others first they are the best in order"
76561198136550578,Recommended,536220,32790214,Posted: 25 June,all,aprilbugyt,"Always love The Walking Dead games. I enjoyed it, having Clem around just made it so good. Shes such a badass!"
76561198159922995,Recommended,536220,33089724,Posted: 1 July,all,PleaseExit,I just loved everything about it
,Recommended,536220,33284316,Posted: 5 July,all,ムKotikonnaム,"One of the best games out there, but it was too short.... They should make these as long as Season 2."
76561198121173021,Recommended,536220,33508199,Posted: 13 July,all,◤◢☣Draqshorul☣◣◥,"Like the rest of the series, is worth playing"
,Recommended,536220,28500231,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,shockslayer84,"Just finished the first two episodes.  Telltale has another smash hit.  Again, you're faced with touch choices and a storyline that has you gripping onto the edge and wanting to find out what happens next.  This is the future of compelling storytelling mixed with gaming and I couldn't ask for a way to experience it.The Walking Dead: A New Frontier comes highly recommended!!I'm already dying for episode 3!!"
,Recommended,536220,32088641,Posted: 31 May,all,Courage,"Here we go.................The day I sat down to play the first episode of the new frontier I was stoked. The beginning scene was nothing like what Telltale did before, you could say I was hooked after that. I banged out the first two episodes the first day it came out. The more I played the more I enjoyed the game. Side Note ( I HATED HOW LONG IT TOOK TO RELEASE ONE EPISODE :/ ) Since the wait for episode 3 and on, I became disappointed with the game. The story became weaker and as sad as it makes me, I felt unfulfilled at the end of the game.Is the game worth $25------ HELL NO!Characters------- Loved ThemDo yourselves the favor and buy Season 1 & Season 2 and then buy this game (on sale)."
,Recommended,536220,32123145,Posted: 1 June,all,Jackson Drinan,"Pros:+ The soundtrack+ Very good at giving hard choices.+ Most of the characters.+ Multiple endingsCons:- Mediocre to bad pacing.- Can be glitchy- Most major choices don't matter in the end.I think this game is worth it if you have liked the walking dead series so far. Most of the characters had their own personality and the amount of endings in this game is actually quite large depending on your relationship with three certain characters. The soundtrack I found was amazing and just gave each scene much more emotion. However, some areas of the game (Probably areas with high amounts of models) were very glitchy, some models were flickering in and out and characters that were supposed to be dead appear for a split second. Even though this telltale game actually has distinct endings, it still suffers from the problem of making the major choices not actually mattering. Episode 1 was a good introduction to the new characters but felt a little bit lacking in terms of story and progression. Episode 2 actually fixed this problem and left the player with a really good cliffhanger at the end. Episode 3 was when the game really started to ramp up but then it quickly crashed down in episode 4 where nothing really happened. Episode 5 was a pretty good finale but it did have some major flaws.In conclusion: Only get this if you have liked the previous two games. DO NOT play this one first."
,Recommended,536220,32131391,Posted: 2 June,all,Cynical,"As someone who has played all The Walking Dead games so far, I will admit this one was a little bit of a let down.Though, that doesn't make it a bad game at all.This game is not only different from the other two seasons, considering how it focus on Javiar's story of the apocalypse and not Clementine's. In terms of technical issues, I have yet to experience a single one besides some textures getting a bit stretched and/blurry.This season might not have been the best, but it certainly isn't as bad as everyone claims it to be. It has its emotional and heartbreaking moments, aswell as nerve racking decisions, but still not quite like the other games.As a final note, don't expect something amazing.be a good boi."
,Recommended,536220,32187631,Posted: 4 June,all,drunik,"All I can say is that in Walking Dead Season 4, Let have some closure and KILL BONNIE for what she did in the previous games."
76561198034806105,Recommended,536220,32216734,Posted: 6 June,all,WagerET,"Its a great game with a great story, and the continuation of Clemantine's legacy of badassness is brilliant. Episode 2 is a bit short in my opinion, but on the whole this game - and indeed the whole series of TWD from telltale - is fantastic. Give them your money!"
76561198007147238,Recommended,536220,32279046,Posted: 8 June,all,CrazyHorseBLS,"Thoroughly enjoyed A New Frontier.  I was a little worried about the mixed reviews but the story was great. Tough choices a plenty and good characters.  Can't wait for the next one.I did have a couple of graphical glitches that others had mentioned, but a quick reload of the chapter would get rid of them."
76561198244860052,Recommended,536220,32318072,Posted: 10 June,all,kai poly pro <3,"I seriously don't know why there is so much hate. It is a good game sure not as good as the first two seasons but it does its job. Interesting plot, hard choices(unforunately though don't change a lot of the story...) and interesting characters... from the whole season i found boring only the half 4th episode. All in all with summer sale that will be on steam I think it's worth it :D"
,Recommended,536220,32623497,Posted: 21 June,all,Hikari,"Yes, the game is shorter than the previous seasons. Yes, the ending isn't really great. Still, I enjoy it all the same.This game has family as a central theme and I really love that. Choices actually matter. The characters, while not as memorable as the first season's, are much better than the second season's. The game is also more focused on action (QTE) than walking around finding something to click in the previous games like the Batman game. I really think it is better this way as it makes more feel engaged to the story. I've just replayed the first season which I really loved in the first playthrough but I now find it too slow and dragged on too much. That's why I enjoy this season. I don't get why people call the writing bad. I enjoy it much more than the TV show and other games out there.However, I still don't like having to choose something I don't want to. For example, why do I have to choose to save a person over another? Why can't I just not choose at all and get punished for not choosing? I believe it is more REAL that way and make me regret my indecisiveness. Or, you know, I can choose to save everyone and it happens to turn out all right, sometimes? I know it would be really difficult to make a game like that but it doesn't always have to be choosing one thing and lose the other, right?Anyway, just enjoy the game and don't nitpick too much. It's better that way."
,Recommended,536220,32822060,Posted: 26 June,all,CHUCK,"really love this series from telltale .but i wanna highlight the ending of this series tho, its kinda dull.dont get me wrong, the 1st - 4th episode was amazing, but the finale..7.5/10"
76561198135821765,Recommended,536220,31887924,Posted: 21 May,all,Fun,"Uhm yes, As we go on I remember only the kids dying like they were my own and for what a season finale with maybe 1 extra can of spicy chili in the apocalypse {notice; this is not a question} Not even a can opener so half the group will die looking for one on a run and later blame me and why? because we entered as the 3% who out talked their older brother into the new frontiers frontline...sowy butt BLASPHAMY. Just trying to play a game and unwind on some inconspicuious choices here not change my career path in life because these breadcrumbs for what we have went through are hitting home and the surrounding planets."
,Recommended,536220,32875449,Posted: 27 June,all,EminemHitman,"The story may have taken shorter time than TWD Seasons 1 and 2, but the choices were extremely meaningful!  There were quite a few tough choices and I loved what was done with the story.  This was on par with the other two seasons easily, if not better!"
,Recommended,536220,32997754,Posted: 29 June,all,⛧Jesse Pinkman,Really good game. You guys should play this.
76561198119296026,Recommended,536220,35215147,Posted: 25 September,all,[CTF] Chris C.,It helps you understand what happen to every one after the time skip
,Recommended,536220,32075261,Posted: 30 May,all,Dwarfbob175,good gam
76561198103974329,Recommended,536220,32101349,Posted: 31 May,all,puppylawson,Not the best one but still worth playing if you played season one and two
76561198002803385,Recommended,536220,32140527,Posted: 2 June,all,HoopyDX,Loved it
,Recommended,536220,32405842,Posted: 14 June,all,F4T3L BeAsT,"I understand why people gave all these negative reviews. It's because Celemtine wasn't a playable character (was playable only in the flashbacks) even I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that we didn't get to be Clem but rather a completely different unrelated person. Tbh the story revolves around Javi and Clem, just like it did in Season 1. I really liked this season despite its shortcomings in E3 and choices that led to the exact opposite thing in E4 but E5 made up for that with a really strong yet emotional ending. I'm still sad that the playing time was less compared to the previous seasons. I don’t have a clear sense of where the season as a whole aims to go just yet, but “Ties That Bind Part I” is one of Telltale’s strongest openers in recent memory. Scenes feel carefully constructed in their camera direction and editing, and Telltale avoids the pitfalls of its most egregious past issues only one environmental exploration sequence temporarily slows things down but for the most part the episode moves along at an exceptional clip. But that’s not just thanks to Part I’s style. Smart characterization and writing for Javi and his family, plus the return of Clementine, add weight to a largely unfamiliar but already engaging new frontier that I can’t wait to continue to explore. Clemtine's story will continue. Let's just hope they make us play as Clementine in S4."
,Recommended,536220,34349220,Posted: 19 August,all,Gustav II Adolf,"Seen alot of negative reviews saying this is bad in some ways. Yes it isn't as good as season 1 nor 2 not even as long as season 1 or 2. The core gameplay tho as gotten really good from my perspective. Really like the use use of Q and E as fast reaction buttons and not this weird thing we had in season 1 and 2 tho. The story in Season 3 now was abit off... Sadly because TWD didnt want to load my season 2 save I got Clementine leaving Kenny at that♥♥♥♥♥♥place ♥♥♥♥ing up my ending abit if she just would have went with kennyshe would have hugged litte edgy Gabe who I hated and lucky he died in my game as I didnt want Clem liking him, he is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Pros:- Good core gameplay- Clem-Lee was mentioned- Just fun to play and get frustrated coz the characters can be total douches if you area honest guy-You kinda have the ""talk"" with Clem- Fun as hellCons:- Rather short if only play it once.- Taco characters (No offense my lovely Taco people)- Lee isn't in it."
,Not Recommended,536220,28496550,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Chef Domino,"Clementine isn't playable and only gets 10% of the entire screen time. Javier is bland and has a boring story. Episodes are 60 minutes long, down from 90 minutes in season 2 and 120-150 minutes in season 1. The writing is atrocious.If you have any respect for Clementine or Lee, don't buy this game. It destroys everything from the past 2 seasons.This is an insult and a betrayal to all fans."
76561198079060233,Not Recommended,536220,28493277,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pleite G. Eier,"I cant recommend the Game at the moment. Every few Seconds the Picture freezes, but sound keeps playing which makes it really unplayable. And its no Problem due to insufficient hardware (RX480 8GB and Fx 8350). As soon as the Performance gets fixxed, i am gonna change this review, but till then i cant recommend it."
76561198149807203,Recommended,536220,30796777,Posted: 28 March,all,Dr. Christian,Is episode 3 on steam or is it that mine is glitched out or something?
76561198151810468,Recommended,536220,29190992,Posted: 11 January,all,josephgt10,"All the people that are mad because you can't play as Clem, or because Clem ""has changed"", are babies. Give me a break, you expect her to be all sunshine at this point? At least let the story explain why she's changed, if it's a stupid reason, then it's fair to pass judgment. It's maybe not  as touching as Season 1 for sure, mostly because of the relaationship between Lee and Clem, but it's definitely better than the unfocused mess that was Season 2 so far at least. Javi is a good character, and the opening sequence is the best in the series I'd say. I'm definitely more invested in this one than Season 2.Pros- More well written story than Season 2, or even Season 1 in some aspects- Pretty interesting main character- Upped graphics from TTCons- Gameplay, but it's a TT, can't expect much from them.- Ep 1 and 2 feel  shorter than usual for a TT game.I'd recommend it if you aren't upset about Clem changing."
,Recommended,536220,29342552,Posted: 18 January,all,SpencerPCGamer,I love this game it is amazing
76561198253397747,Not Recommended,536220,28502896,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,kawaiiwatermelon,"So I played up to episode 2 of this 5 part series and I was kind of disappointted... You are no longer Clemintine which for me was a big bummer. I really wanted to know what happened and you do get flash backs every once in a while but it's stilll incomplete. The main story with Javiar is kind of weak and the characters are not as complex as the last two seasons. I wish there was more to it and more interesting things to do but so far I'm really disappointed but who know? maybe the next 3 episodes will be great so we shall have to wait and seeAt this point, I personally would save your money until the whole game is out or if you want a whole new story that doesn't connect to the other two seasons at all*Well now I played the whole series and it left me confused... My choices really didn't matter and a lot of stuff happened that really didn't add up at the end so sorry still a no"
76561198277327664,Not Recommended,536220,28733577,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ThatsJustMe243,"They killed Kenny off in such a cheap way, especially for a great character. I would recommend replaying the games first to care to play it more."
,Not Recommended,536220,28683494,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,STEV,bad game don't buy
76561198126371632,Recommended,536220,30544518,Posted: 16 March,all,Strider,Ahhh telltale youv'e done it again. The first 2 episodes were great I've played through them multiple times so I give it a thumbs up. BUT BEWARE AS OF POSTING THE GAME IS STILL INCOMPLETE! I'm still waiting on the rest of it to come out. March was supposed to be the month of episode 3 but the month is half over and we are still waittttttiiiiiiiinnnnnnnngggggg.
76561198086892587,Recommended,536220,30695611,Posted: 23 March,all,Death Valley,Great Game despite the waiting time between episodes
,Recommended,536220,31276638,Posted: 21 April,all,PaXo0,A good fun game from telltale just wished they do more than 5 episodes everytime
,Recommended,536220,28503713,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,bMi Pate,this game... when i saw clementinei got horney and♥♥♥♥♥myself10/10But there should be a PS4 controller setting 8-( i messed my choices up becoz of that
76561198306010534,Not Recommended,536220,31360439,Posted: 25 April,all,Liamdabest120,"Right Where is my ep 4, Other Ppl have it, So im just confused at this point"
76561198086920819,Recommended,536220,32084350,Posted: 31 May,all,Memeieu,Pros:- Clemintine- Talking with Clemintine- Everything Clementine has done- You get to shape out who Clemintine becomes- All the scenes related with ClemintineCons:- Not enough Clemintine- Gabe should get ♥♥♥♥ing shot for liking Clemintine8/10 Needs more Clementine
76561198243620268,Recommended,536220,32118664,Posted: 1 June,all,frederico.fetter,"It was just as good as the other two.From my perspective, there are a lot of exagerated negative reviews, just like Kenny raging about everything in the other two games."
76561198103059403,Recommended,536220,30972794,Posted: 5 April,all,Thatoneguy,"I know this game is getting a lot of crap, that being said I do not agree. Yes there's different main characters but what of it? They are likable, or at least identify with you and keep the experience fresh. Sure none of them are as freat as Lee, which sucks, but I am still happily invested at the end of episode three. If you only liked this series for Lee and Clem, don't get it. If you like evrything else, or at least something (Clem is still here and a badass) I'd say give it a try. ya it's not the first season, that would be incredibly difficult to live up to, but I like it far more than season 2 so far. Your milage may vary, so give it a test drive(first two eps at least)."
,Recommended,536220,28973228,Posted: 3 January,all,Papa Bear,CLEMENTINE IS A BADASS!!!I friggin LOVE Tell Tale Game's Walking Dead Games!!!!
,Recommended,536220,31126495,Posted: 13 April,all,and,i like
,Recommended,536220,33102069,Posted: 1 July,all,LecraMM ヅ,"If you want to buy this chcek all TWD because you must know the story(+++) ,good graphics (+) , litlle expensive (-)"
,Recommended,536220,32160403,Posted: 3 June,all,Travingel,"[SPOILER FREE REVIEW]at first i didnt like playing as the new character.but as time moves on, within 1 and a half episodes he grew on me.i liked javi! and the new story that you play has you explore new things from a different point of viewand the ending episode actually has multiple endings you can pick from by your choices.always been a point i was kinda ''meh'' about with the games that it seemed like they were claiming what you did made a difference while the ending remained roughly the same.but in this season it actually matters.in order of favorite seasons :season 1 > this one > season 2why? because i liked this character more for how he gets treated, season 2 takes an unrealistic approach for me how people rely on little clem too much.here it feels legit.a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,536220,33218895,Posted: 4 July,all,(♛)ShadowGreenWolf(♛),I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS FRANCHISE! I AM SOOOO EXITED FOR SEASON 4!
76561198236715300,Recommended,536220,29003243,Posted: 4 January,all,Dark Light,I see alot of b*****ing and honestly I don't care. (Boo hoo! They cant branch into a trillion different stories! Wah wah... wah. You guys try being a writer! I bet none of you can do s**t) I like it. Story is good. Characters interesting. I would go more in depth but I am gonna put my money where my mouth is. Buying this game and other games by them. Always solid in my opinion. *(EDIT)* Okay. Maybe it could be a bit better.. FINE. But I still like everything telltale does and make. So I will continue to buy every piece of work by them because I like stories. STORIES. A well told STORY.
,Recommended,536220,28602598,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cosirah ॐ,I'm gonna hang myself once my pregnancy test is positive.   I'm a strong woman but this is too much to handle..
,Recommended,536220,31378556,Posted: 26 April,all,terceL,lit
,Not Recommended,536220,28732087,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hitler Eva Brauns Love Child,"Because it had a black person with blue eyes. Not realistic, and immersion was completely ruined. 0/10"
,Recommended,536220,31367208,Posted: 25 April,all,Shrek,If they kill Clemintine I am changing my review.
76561198210453812,Recommended,536220,31312665,Posted: 22 April,all,A1phA,It isn't as good as the previous two seasons (Michonne was crap) though it is stilla great game
76561197996417812,Recommended,536220,30811896,Posted: 29 March,all,IIJoWieII,Update chapter 4 :Too short and a bit boring. I hope chapter 5 will be better.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I finished chapter 3 yesterday and yes it is a pity to wait for the next chapters as I really like this season. Every season should be played with a different character to improve variety. Still it needs to stick to the characters with who it all started with to maintain the story line. And this game succeeds in both of those needs.The story is great and gory and the graphics also look like a great improvement. Up to chapter 4 & 5
,Recommended,536220,31359112,Posted: 25 April,all,jjaybe,One of the best franchises ive ever played!
,Recommended,536220,29415325,Posted: 21 January,all,CO'Keefe,"I can't wait for the next episode to be released of this game!! I don't get why it is getting so much hate, sure it's not quite as good in comparison to the other two games, but it is still a good game that people took time to make. I like the game so far and can't wait to play more! I made a couple of videos on the first couple of episodes so far one of which is me talking about how Javi could join the new frontier eventually. Here's the link to the playlist:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLn-3KPGi-nWxgQigNPVuLHldvSHF8rRInI love you Telltale, keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,536220,29982669,Posted: 17 February,all,I throw rocks at fat girls,Worth buying it!
76561198182729635,Recommended,536220,30022987,Posted: 18 February,all,Zorgi hellcase.com,"I can't understand people saying Telltale ♥♥♥♥ed everything up? This game is really good!!!(There are only 2 Episodes so this isnt a full review)-Story 9/10: Right now, the story are really great. I like being taken away from the old story, and have an fresh start on another story, and Javi's story is ♥♥♥♥ing cool, wich makes it alot better. In the game, you also see some flashbacks, wich Clementine have, it takes her into some of the old days, so you can see what have happened with her life.-Characters 8/10: The main character Javi, is ♥♥♥♥ing cool. He is just a good man, cool guy, and he is really friendly. Everybody are saying that Clementine is a side person, maybe she is, but she is there alot! You see some flashbacks, where you also play as here, so i would say that she is more than a side person. All the other characters in the game, are really cool as well.-Grapichs 9/10: Its aaaaalot better than the other games, i feel like im playing a brand new game (Wich im actually are) buut still haha.If you have played the other games, and you liked them, then i recommend this one 100%"
,Recommended,536220,30988548,Posted: 6 April,all,Abdi,"Altough the game is not yet finished and it has some glitches i must say that this is an amazing game, the 2 first episodes were a bit lacking in the sense of content, and time, but i just finished the third episode and it was an amazing experince. I will say that this game doesn't requires you to play the last 2 episodes but Season 2 definitely helps put some sense into Clementines flashbacks."
,Recommended,536220,32100713,Posted: 31 May,all,The Universal Void,"For a season that got a lot of hate; I thought it was damned good. It was more consistent and entertaining than the second, and improved in subtle ways over the first couple (graphics and whatnot). I also feel like choice mattered a little bit more in this one, although undoubtedly still not as much as some people would like. And for all of the people who were all like, 'Where's my Clem? Why can't I be her again?' I think you can rest easy, and assured that she'll be the protagonist again next time. Love it or hate it; this season was just another stepping stone on her path... An enjoyable one. It did the franchise proud."
76561198053301750,Recommended,536220,29370761,Posted: 19 January,all,ϟϟ jolttt☠ ︻デ┳═ー.,<3
76561198135465369,Recommended,536220,30022973,Posted: 18 February,all,Pipstar,"the walking dead was one of if not my favourite game of all time, and so far they actually haven't messed it up this season, keep it up!"
,Recommended,536220,30345024,Posted: 5 March,all,Flynn's Legacy,"If you love the franchise and the TWD comics this is still a very good game. Although it has some ups and downs I'm sure the heat and excitment will pick up quickly in the middle of the season as did the last two. Some characters from the comics once again do show up just as Glenn did in the first season, along with the Greene family. (Hersel, Maggie, etc.)"
,Recommended,536220,32279422,Posted: 8 June,all,4 Hour Spider Venom Boner,"This game is the perfect blend of Season 1 and Season 2. If you liked 1 but wished there wasn't as much loafing around, and didn't like 2's character developments, but like it's pacing and overall outcomes, then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,536220,29389873,Posted: 20 January,all,https://www.twitch.tv/ayynufff,I like this game
,Recommended,536220,31781055,Posted: 15 May,all,AnarchyG OFISHLL,"An awesome game, especially if you played the first two.THE ONLY downside is in my opinion; you're choices from season 1 and 2 dont impact that mutch at allbut all and all, i love this season, even though it may not be my favourite, its a great addition too the series"
76561198065897314,Recommended,536220,32161283,Posted: 3 June,all,Baknaffek,I r8 this 9/11.Pros:Great qualityGood storyAlmost had sex with KateWouldnt addobt gabeYou can get highMijoMost realistic domino simulatorProfessional baseball simulatorCons:Your brother is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥First episode was boringBloody underwearNo AJNo KennyNo Jane
76561198046539087,Recommended,536220,29262068,Posted: 14 January,all,James Oh Burn,It's okay.
76561198149641881,Recommended,536220,29289067,Posted: 15 January,all,Branhammer,"Despite the mixed criticism it is currently receiving in reviews, all I can say is I have enjoyed every part of this new game. Yes its a new charatcer and a new storyline, but so far I have not been dissipointed with any of the writing, graphics or gamneplay. Only the first two episodes are out, I am sure the mixed criticisms will level out to positives once more of the game is released and players get more connected with out protagonists.SO FAR:8.5/10"
,Recommended,536220,29466237,Posted: 24 January,all,raynester csgogem.com,Very fun game would 10/10 play again
,Recommended,536220,33096705,Posted: 1 July,all,JameSerus,Nice.
76561198311764829,Recommended,536220,31852840,Posted: 19 May,all,xstarz🕶👻,"****************___________________________________"""""""
,Recommended,536220,32100460,Posted: 31 May,all,SnugWuls,"Not as good as the first two seasons and the ending seems rushed, but I'd still recommend it."
,Recommended,536220,32146801,Posted: 3 June,all,Duwick,♥♥♥♥ ELANOR! 7/10 Game is good but not as much like the previous titles.
,Recommended,536220,33749116,Posted: 23 July,all,nefilim7,"If you liked the first two seasons of the Telltale Walking Dead, chances are really good you'll like this new season, too.The game is rated mostly positive, but there are many bad reviews, too - and although they're right about certain elements of the game, ripping it apart like some people do just ain't right. I find that this game is far from being bad. It may not be as good as the previous seasons, maybe, but it's a great game nonetheless !The story is very good and entertaining, and the dialogues are deep and intense and really touched me. Additionally, a lot of times I found myself having a hard time choosing what to do in certain situations, 'cause those choices really don't come easy most of the time (there are also some that are quite easy, too).And then there's Clementine and she is just great. Every moment with her is a total highlight. She alone is worth buying this game, you just gotta love her.It's not perfect, it has its flaws, yes... for example, it's definitely shorter... that has a lot to do with the fact that there's less action/interaction, a lot less (almost nothing) to discover and a significantly more straight-lined design - therefore you move a lot faster through the chapters. And compared to the previous two seasons, where in some situations your decisions really mattered and caused different outcomes, this time, your choices barely have an impact on the main story (You only know that afterwards, or if you replay making different choices, though).Bottom Line: I liked the third season very much and can't wait to get my hands on season four. But I also hope that Telltale changes their game design back to what it has been in Season 1 and 2 to counter the flaws present in this third season. More interaction, and make choices matter again!100% recommendation when it's on sale for about -50%."
,Recommended,536220,34844504,Posted: 9 September,all,flashthe50cent,"Ok so lets talk about The Walking Dead: A New Frontier as a big fan of Walking Dead series I was suprised allot first this time you don't play fully as Clem(Clementine) but as a Mexican from Usa called Javie Garcia the baseball player witch ♥♥♥♥ed up his career than you have you're older brother David the solidor who is jealous cuz he is in you're light the dad or how mexicans say pa he loved Javi more plus David was angry that Javi is better than him cuz he learnd Javi to play baseball so between two brothers ther is gona bee a fight at the beginning when the world goes to ♥♥♥♥ sadly their dad becomes a ♥♥♥♥ed up death monkey and attackes his wife so David had to take her to central hospital probably in Arkansas  not sure witch city and from then the story becomes ♥♥♥♥ed up and suddenly you're in a wan with Kate wife of you're dear brother who left you 3 months in a ♥♥♥♥ed up street with walkers or muertos later than you come to junkyard wher teh♥♥♥♥♥♥happen sadly you took a fuel from the group New Frontier and bla bla I dont want to spoil to much I did but the story is soooooo dam good you can tell it to every one you know at least im not crying at the end no body died Clem went finding Aj I hope she will and we will se it in 4 season what will happen but for now I can say if you are a big fan of Walking Dead series it's for you or you just love storys with good ending but in the mean time you lost allot of people still you see the story of a Mexican from Arkansas called Javi Garcia plus you dont need great pc to play it I hope my review helpd someone to decide to buy or not if you ask me you should if you played season 1,2 its normal if you do something you should fineshed it correctly called Walking Dead is the best story form Telltale or Walkin Dead is teh best story I have seen in my life and I can't waith for another season for many people this season was bad but for me was a new experience as a new character"
,Recommended,536220,28597765,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bourbon,"The first and second season are both masterpieces. The story, the characters and everything.In this game you'll have a new protagonist. Who I liked playing as. Side characters that are cool. And some characters that are not interesting at all, and you just wanna crawl through your pc monitor and choke them to death.The returning characters are Clem, who is the main protagonist in the second season and a huge role in the first. BUT GUESS WHAT?! She's a side character. (Kill me)The person you went with at the end of season 2. They will appear for 15 mins. End. Or you can be alone...AJ the baby dude.And if you read the comics, you will be happy to see Jesus. If everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ believe in Jesus.Season 1: 9,6Season 2: 9,1Season 3: 7,9Glad that Clems story will be continued in the next season. And it better be better than this game."
76561198084723427,Recommended,536220,32440606,Posted: 15 June,all,StarNate,"I put my faith in Jesus, and he showed me the way."
76561197985985127,Recommended,536220,29000580,Posted: 4 January,all,LunchBox507,Me like Me play
,Recommended,536220,30832782,Posted: 30 March,all,DrunkenMaster420,Great game and great addition to the series.
,Recommended,536220,33950933,Posted: 1 August,all,Lukas #YouTubeGaming,"Choices DO MatterThis time, TellTale actually did it right. The choices do matter in this one, like holy hell - I didn't know you can let that one guy be alive for the whole season if your choices are right - I killed him off at the very beginning thinking - meh, he gon' die anyways, but no.The story was amazing, it was great to see Clementine again, to see her become a woman. It was very sad that for others who let Kenny and/or Jane alive, they instantly get killed off, like they were nothing.Can't wait for Season 4, the final season! :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auDY6zjG0QE"
76561198129348273,Recommended,536220,29467328,Posted: 24 January,all,FinleyJefferson,"Game is good. Maybe not as good as season 2 but it is good.positives:Ok story Good New characters nice twists tries to start new freshs gets rid of old past(not so good though) good voice acting, worth the playNegatives:wAAAYAYYYYY tooo short, got rid of kenny and jane quick and snappy, Clemintine is not really playable she is just like a flash back character only havent played her in real time so annnoying."
76561198260309855,Recommended,536220,30873157,Posted: 1 April,all,DJ NAYGAS,Not as good as the old ones but this game is totally worth it!
,Recommended,536220,32109113,Posted: 1 June,all,Artificail Özil,"Great game, good story, good ending,also clem is good. Worth buying."
76561198326907681,Recommended,536220,31666297,Posted: 10 May,all,420 blaize it,"a lot different from the first two, but still a game i found enjoyable none the less. cannot see why everyone states its bad, it isnt at all in my opinion"
76561198017326340,Recommended,536220,32120397,Posted: 1 June,all,Ub3RLo_oTZFtw,Wow.... That is the best word to explain this game. This game was a joyride to play. So many crazy moments. CLEMENTINE growing up and you getting to continue to play her. If you have played the previous ones this game is 100% guaranteed worth buying. This game brings so much emotion and life to each character...feels amazing to play. Storyline was spot on. The choices get tougher and tougher and I loved every bit of this game. Clementine!!! Thank you Telltale games for making this game and I hope to see more!
76561198021327345,Recommended,536220,32131509,Posted: 2 June,all,Dose Aliens,"Enjoyed this Season but of course not as good as the first 2. Liked the characters, and the development from them, the last chapter was my favourite. The other chapters did drag on a little. I love that Clementine is still in it and Javier is a fun character to play as. Overall enjoyed it but could use a bit of polishing.ProsGreat charactersGood suspense building and cliff hangersI like the new look of the modelsReally good gripping ending (as always from Telltale)ConsShort chaptersPlot dragged on a littleQuick time events little dumb downCant wait for the next one"
76561198233080640,Recommended,536220,32822561,Posted: 26 June,all,The Dark Knight,"Worth the discount price.S3 ,is good.Almost all of the negative reviews are by the people who paid for the full price and expected the game to be as long as the last two seasons were.Some are by kids who aren't happy with not having clementine as the one you control.It doesn't matter who you control as long as the story is good."
,Recommended,536220,33026371,Posted: 30 June,all,Tim,"Can't recommend it more. It was so good I'm not sure if it's better than the firstThe first and third are 2 of the best games I've ever played, the second is the middle child that is the result of an affair between a goddess and one ugly♥♥♥♥♥peasant.We don't talk about the secondFavorite series ever, can't wait to see something else beat it out!"
,Recommended,536220,34919778,Posted: 13 September,all,R O M A N,"It's a great side-story that mixes in a little later after Season 2, I find the adult protagnoists are a bit more relatable, not personally.. just their struggles. I really enjoyed how it plays back on before the zombies, it adds a lot of depth to the characters.It's hard to pick which I enjoyed better between Season 2 and A New Frontier, which sounds crazy considering some of the top most helpful comments are negative, most of which are **rabble rabble i didnt get wat i wanted rabble rabble**. The game is much shorter but still very good.It ran OK in my system but its not that great, I am running a i7 3770k, 240gb ssd raid0, rx 480 8gb, 16gb ddr3, w10. I turned a few settings down and it helped maintain at a steady fps, over all it was an enjoyable experience."
76561198290910273,Recommended,536220,29706909,Posted: 4 February,all,aprilzayas25,i love this game   i can not  wait  for the 3  eps
,Recommended,536220,30254925,Posted: 28 February,all,Will Hugs 💜💜💜,"""The second you start getting boners, the whole world goes dark."" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,536220,31919762,Posted: 23 May,all,YaboyJosh,Its dope brah
,Recommended,536220,32130415,Posted: 2 June,all,dsfeagle,"So many negative reviews, I for one couldn't, and can't wait to continue the story after seasons 2, and now after seaons 3, so wish I could spend more time in this story without having to wait so longsure I had some graphical glitches (Javi's backpack artifacting) and some characters I didn't feel connected too although the game tries to ""make you"" care about them, but I still enjoyed my time a lot.I've felt thorn between decisions that had to be made, felt my previous thoughts change as I played and learned more about the characters, feeling like a better or worse man for siding with them or not siding with themWish season 2's ending mattered a bit more, the throwbacks what you ended up with felt a bit of ""filler material"" ish, I stayed with jane at the place and let the family in at the end, but it hardly mattered in the grand scemeLoved the dynamic between David and Javi, and Javi and KateReally felt a connection to Clem and Marianaeven Gabe although I thought he was a annoying kid at the start xDWish Eleanor had more ""directions"" in the story, kinda hated her and Tripp for their ""hate"" although I tried to do good by them, and Ava.. girl you are great together with Clem, she needs a badass friendJoan had me doubting my decisions quite a bit, well done"
,Recommended,536220,32081324,Posted: 31 May,all,Bob Ross,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥do i love this game Telltale ♥♥♥♥ing loved it i would recommend this to anyone anywhere great ♥♥♥♥ing game!
,Recommended,536220,32085517,Posted: 31 May,all,kass,poidet
,Recommended,536220,32082529,Posted: 31 May,all,Matt,"Honestly my favourite walking dead game so far, it was amazing, the ending was well powerfull and makes me want to play more, ive played many games in my life - this one was definatly by far the best game yet."
76561198158746856,Recommended,536220,28759291,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ryan130102,"From playing the first episode of 'A New Frontier' I can already say I'm intrigued. Not only am I relishing every second of my time on this game, but have also grown an emotional attachment to the characters and their persona. Being a fan of the series I thought, maybe playing as this new character 'Javi' wasn't going to be as thrilling of an experience, but from giving the game a chance I can tell you I was wrong. So far this is what I have came to conclude, so anyone who has played any of the older seasons should definitely give this a try. First episode, 10/10"
76561198341387399,Recommended,536220,29520980,Posted: 27 January,all,TheNerdyDoctor,This is really good for the Telltale's series and It has the same thing from Tales From The Borderlands and being able to play two characters which is really good. 10 out of 10
76561198275359742,Recommended,536220,32101237,Posted: 31 May,all,JustRupert,"This season of Telltale may not have the emotional impact that season one or the season 2 ending decisions but Damn they absolutely nailed it with characters this season. My main man, Tripp,  your playable main main Javi,♥♥♥♥♥♥David, Kate (babe), Gabe ( hes a little♥♥♥♥♥♥, Conrad (not sure what to say), etc all great characters in a plethora of them. There is one decision that definetly will cause you emotional distress. I shed a man tear at the thought of the consequences of it. The story is good. Some characters can die throughout the season or not and live through the season.  It could be longer though. Feels very short compared to other seasons.  I think this game is worth your time if you are invested in the series already"
76561198246412812,Recommended,536220,33386520,Posted: 8 July,all,Moski40,AMAZING AND EXTREMELY ADDICTIVE STORYLINE! TellTale you really did so well on this one!
,Recommended,536220,31895027,Posted: 21 May,all,HomoBot,"This was still a very good game, The Story and the music is just as good as the first two. Seening the events after the seasons two. the lack of Clementine this time around, was a little disapointing, would love to controler her more again, and be more Focused around her next time. Still I strongly reccommend getting this game."
76561197973194755,Recommended,536220,32688220,Posted: 23 June,all,BtwRant,"When Clem wasn't with it was kind doll.Just too much Force feed sadness with the new main character.I did not feel as much as from Season 1 and 2But when you got back to Clem and what she happened and she had done, you got your Feels back on and once again you could cry.The ending was a punch to the face fro all of us.But i would not pay full price for this and I did not.Would still recommend it due to it being the continuation for THE Walking Dead.And I Hope We Get More 3"
76561198328664823,Recommended,536220,33480140,Posted: 12 July,all,302,AMAZING GAME...i don't know why people are hating it..
,Not Recommended,536220,28507952,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Iceprince732,"The amount of positive reviews for this game baffles me. The story and the like is still amazing, long as you don't grow attached to any characters. However I completed this in 2 hours. No wonder they gave us two episodes. This si far too short. even for an episodic game. with previous seasons having about 4 hours for an episode to finish.  30 cad is not worth this as it is right now. Maybe they will do better for 3 4 and 5, but I am going to try for a refund and hope for the best."
76561198073686651,Not Recommended,536220,30789309,Posted: 28 March,all,MydBlue,Not as Good as the first season
76561198051557243,Not Recommended,536220,28493603,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jdon79,Buyers beware! Many people are having problems gettting this game to launch without much luck of a fix. and other that do get it to launch are suffering from lag. So puchase this game with low expectaion.
,Not Recommended,536220,28494437,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,joaozera,"Not even close to be as good as the first and second season. Really lazy writing by Telltale, episodes are much shorter and this time your choices really doesn't matter at all. The idea of having Javier as the playable character was really bad since everyone is biased towards Clementine, instead of doing the right choices from Javier's POV. Almost everyone is defending Clementine because we know her, but if we didn't knew her, we wouldn't stick out with her at all.Play the first and the second season, but this one is not worth the money. Just buy it when it's on sale."
76561198093053223,Recommended,536220,30318024,Posted: 4 March,all,BrickGoat,Played it for clem. Clem has a big enough role in the game. I loved the parts she was in and it was hilarious. Short episodes.
76561198229646140,Not Recommended,536220,29117573,Posted: 8 January,all,oOZeitgeistOo,Just boring ..Refund requested
76561198264310336,Recommended,536220,29843165,Posted: 11 February,all,AlperTheFirst,I miss you Kenny!!!!
76561198035864393,Not Recommended,536220,30796227,Posted: 28 March,all,ericrlich,"You would think that Telltales would have fixed this by now, but they haven't. Every single game I've played from them I have the same problem: save files get lost after leaving the game, forcing you to play it all over again. FIX THIS SH*T!!!"
,Recommended,536220,29816288,Posted: 9 February,all,Dharc,"I think people are too hung up on the fact Clem isn't the main character, while yes her character does take a turn, I think Javier deserves a fair shot. People can't help but compare past things to new, and some points are very valid.I'm willing to see how the story with Javier goes. And I hope that choices will actually make a difference again."
76561198075448973,Not Recommended,536220,30864701,Posted: 31 March,all,Di Di,garbage game
,Recommended,536220,30417419,Posted: 9 March,all,Thiizic,"Still has good story.Still a telltale game.Just a different main character.Had a few moments where the story was meh, but overall a decent buy."
,Recommended,536220,29301622,Posted: 16 January,all,Nicholas Bird,"Мама, прости, у тебя не будет внуков, я влюбился в игрового персонажа...У меня нет других слов, чтобы описать почему мне нравится так серия The Walking Dead. Наверное, не будь там Клементины, я бы относился к этой игре как ко всем остальным. Но что со мной случилось после второго эпизода... Неделю после прохождения я был в панике и никак не хотел, чтобы история Клементины заканчивалась. Всё дошло чуть ли не до суицида ^_^ Хорошо, что всё обошлось. Мне было страшно и я не понимал, почему я не могу быть рядом с людьми из игры всю жизнь. И до сих пор от этого остались раны, но это мне психологу нужно будет говорить, а не в стиме писать ^_^Игра шикарна во всех оборотах, так же как и предыдущие сезоны. Только будьте осторожны - разбитое сердце заново не склеишь."
76561198034424486,Recommended,536220,32116770,Posted: 1 June,all,The Next Dad,It was really good
76561198078027441,Recommended,536220,29298028,Posted: 16 January,all,grim,highly recommend
,Recommended,536220,29566347,Posted: 29 January,all,Lylac,um its episodes are waaay shorter than the previous games.still a good game tho
76561197970666907,Recommended,536220,29572940,Posted: 29 January,all,Chronos,"I like this game. Why so many poor reviews? TT has a particular style. If you don't like that style, just don't buy it. Giving lousy reviews encourages the devs to abandon the series...this only hurts the players that like the style and series nature of this type of game. I wish we had more of ""The Wolf Among Us"" to enjoy. It seems similiar to this game but received many positive reviews."
,Recommended,536220,30696408,Posted: 23 March,all,DannyRay,Great addion to the walking dead series!
,Recommended,536220,31586786,Posted: 6 May,all,himynameisjams,"Better than season 2, not as good as season 1."
76561198003814380,Recommended,536220,29890873,Posted: 12 February,all,amtzone,"Waiting for the other episode, can wait! 🤘 🤘 🤘"
76561198119485027,Recommended,536220,29154506,Posted: 9 January,all,R Kelly,who tf is this cholo
76561198054593098,Recommended,536220,29289767,Posted: 15 January,all,ZachZachAttack,"OK.By far my favorite game of the series and of this year so far. If you love story, GET THIS GAME. It has so many twists and turns that it left me wanting so much more. If you begin, you have to keep going. Play the first two games fully to get the best experience and to understand everything that happens.I WANT SO MUCH MORE!!!!!!"
,Recommended,536220,29574767,Posted: 29 January,all,Nivea Mouthwash,Amazing game.
76561197960656224,Recommended,536220,33419360,Posted: 9 July,all,ACS,People need to just shut up and get off their high horse.... this game was fine. It wasnt perfect but its worthy of the name and deserves a place in TWD series ITS WORTH YOUR MONEY. Forget these entitled little whiny kids...... If you liked the first 2 games buy this game its worth it.
,Recommended,536220,32138212,Posted: 2 June,all,George,"idk why people are so butthurt. Sure, it may be one of the lesser games in the series, but it's still a good game and story to go with it. Your choices do carry through the later parts of the game atleast the way I saw it. Characters are alright, and i'm excited for the next season."
,Recommended,536220,31319462,Posted: 23 April,all,S&m4n,"A Change Somewhat MeaningfulSpoiler Alert!TLDRAs a fan of this telltale series from the very start (not on Steam), I hesitated before hitting the purchase button after reading all the negative (and positive) comments by many other users.From the three episodes available right now, [spolier]the plot in this season has nothing to do with the previous ones, except that telltale managed to kill off all the survivors from the last episode (excluding Clementine, of course). Kenny, for example, died in a car accident while teaching Clem how to drive.[/spolier] I think why Telltale did this probably because the development team underwent a major personnel change, particularly that they replace most of the writers that were involved in the previous two seasons.This point can also be seen in this season's plot, where you will find / may have found some not-so-natural turns. An example might be thatwhen the New Frontier took Prescott and the leader Tripp, whom you might think is a badass survivor and a forceful leader, lost everything because of our new protagonist Javi, he was somehow not a bit mad at Javi and quickly fell under his lead (it might be just a matter of in-game choice, tho).Quite a hasty character development compared with how Lee grew to be the leader of his survivor group. Also,Javi's background is mostly introduced by 10-minute flashbacks at the start of every episodewhereas in the first season, the whole first episode is dedicated to (passively) introducing Lee & his background(and in the meantime also progressing through the main storyline). I understand that this may be two different methods in terms of introducing a new character, but when it comes to where you digress from the main storyline for about 1/6 of every episode to introduce a background that is neither refreshing or affects the main plot[spolier] especially the messy love story between Javi and his brother's wife[/spoiler], it makes the whole storyline somewhat broken. The tough choices are... not so tough, and sometimes a bit strange and unnatural in some episodesparticularly when Javi needs to deal with a NF pawn in ep3.Another disappointment for many fans is thatClementine is not a playable character (if you would count the mere 5 minutes in two flashbacks), and is not a frequent character on camera throughout the storyline.This is a change that many fans (including me) could not adapt two because since she is so build-up and lovable through our adventure with her in the first, and especially, the second episode. Personally, I would definitely want to see how Clementine grows and reacts to the post-apocalypse world as a kid-no-more teenagerAaaaand love affair, maybe. But she's somehow become a Jane v2.0 and the intended boyfriend (by the cast) has problem surviving.That said, even though this season has some characteristics that make it more like a formulaic story intended mainly to attract new customers and profit, Telltale did make some very meaningful change, the most obvious being the graphics thanks to the improve capability of the new telltale tools. QTEs are also more natural and action-likewhen you try to make your way to Richmond and brain zombies with Q Q Qs (E E E? I don't remember lol), and the camera movement is more smooth and even nearing some action-adventure gamesat least I felt this way especially during the intense action when Javi and his group were chasing down three NF guys. These, if used well, can add a lot favor to the game experience of this story-teller series -- it can't always stay at its 2012 level.Lastly, about the ""this game adapts to the choice you make"" slogan. To be honest, I was disillusioned in the very first season whereLee dies no matter what. So I didn't care about it very much, though it does bring some different in-game experience in the three seasons.In conclusion, I'm quite happy to see the changes -- no matter how little there is, the action, camer movement, etc -- they surprises me compared to what the series provided in the previous two seasons, and demonstrated the capabilities of the new Telltale Tools (I'm not advertising for Telltale, but it does make me feel more confident about the gaming experience it can provide); I'm also disappointed to see the weakness in the plot of this season which Telltale should have done better, but I'm not dissatisfied because I somehow expected this ""volatility"" in quality after the development crew went through major personnel changes. Tailor made stories? I didn't believe it for the beginning, and that is not what interest me in the series. Clementine is, andhonestly Clementine looks even prettier in this season. No matter what this season provides me, I still support this series because I want to see Clementine and her friends survive, grow and adapt to this world.After all these useless B.S, I'd recommend this season to you if you want an up-to-date 2016 gaming experience, or are new to the series, ordoesn't like Clementine (I'm going to be mad), or just want a fresh start anyway. Episode 4 is coming 25th April, considering which there might be a discount. Get it then.P.S.I might should not say this, but there's leaked version online with all 5 episodes. I haven't played them but it's said that there's going to be only 2 endings no matter what you choose. I have a feeling that Clementine is going to be ""removed"" from the game and the series ends =("
76561198350579107,Recommended,536220,30796497,Posted: 28 March,all,MotionZz,If you loved the first ones you will love this .
,Recommended,536220,30578902,Posted: 17 March,all,larkedd,"As a big fan of the Telltale series, I've really been enjoying this season.  Please note that I have never watched the TV show in my life, if that counts for anything.Let's be honest, the first two games had some of the most memorable characters of any game.  That said, I think the game's biggest weak point is the cast.  Javier makes a great protagonist, but he's certainly no Lee.  Clementine is of course back, but as her character matures, she becomes a bit less likeable.  As for the other characters, I hardly remember their names to be honest.The story is very engaging and suspenseful.  Plenty of cliff hangers and moments when you'll be cringing, completely shocked, or trying not to tear up.  I'm really looking forward to the third episode.  The only complaint I have with the story is that the game can be a bit too predictable at times.Gameplay and graphics are pretty much the same as the other games.  A little more polished.Overall, I would recommend this game only if you're a big fan of the Telltale series.  If you're not, I would start out with the first two seasons."
,Recommended,536220,29193563,Posted: 11 January,all,uusnac,Worth the wait!
,Recommended,536220,30166243,Posted: 25 February,all,babadook,"Wonderful game. Best of the walking dead so far, thrilling and is great at setting the scene."
,Recommended,536220,32187671,Posted: 4 June,all,Noah The Guy,"This review is writen with my hart not by how the game isthe first  2 ep i whas whasnt inprseed about it but then the sotry developted and it became very difficutltI em so Happy the Clem is is ok at the end i became scared that you got an This is how your clem looksBut then the message Clementine story wil continu and that cheert me up At the same time i whas crying(There is not much needed to make me cry it just needs to emotional and beautyfull ) this story at the end whas so wel done it had so much background ,and i em already exited for Season 4To Clear it all up The End of the story Got me gut As i have Cryed Oceans Already in these Last 3 seasons"
,Recommended,536220,28962937,Posted: 2 January,all,Pappi Rabbi,This game is worth the $25
76561198034441655,Recommended,536220,30989907,Posted: 6 April,all,Bob Rossman,Loving it! Played the first two before purchasing and was greatly rewarded with a third game!
,Recommended,536220,28882319,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Adamo,Kenny dies for the third time!
,Recommended,536220,35120677,Posted: 21 September,all,Ruthlism,Completed 09/22/2017.
,Recommended,536220,29097923,Posted: 7 January,all,nmejr,"I recommend this game (as of episode 2). There is a lot of potential and characters are as interesting as the best in this series. There are also no repeats, everyone seems to be headed in a new and compelling directions, except the obvious Duck replacement, lol. There are also new dynamics being explored especially with a main character who has had relationship baggage which comes with him from the start as opposed to being orphaned at the start of the story. The story is not about what he will become but about what he is and the way the story is structured really emphasizes this.This is a genuinely enjoyable addition to the series! I liked the introduction of the new audience surrogate Javier, giving out the backstory in pieces over the first two episodes and I like the family dynamics playing a more important role here than in the first two where the characters more or less begin orphaned by the incident. A lot has happened to him which we are not told from the start which leads to the obvious comparisons to Lee's story from the first game; Javier, however, is less of the blank slate that Lee was. This is proof of an evolution in the way the Telltale team uses its format to tell story.The structure of the scenes is also much better than the first two games, with the interplay of cutscene and story there is the oppurtunity for genuine surprises and more convincing character arcs. The structure also makes the game feel less like a ""and then this thing happened"" simulator and more of the character study it has always tried to be. There is a lot in the first scene which is implied, when it comes to the relationships between these characters and I am glad that the writers have the patience to let it play out rather than be completely explicit. One of the more obvious themes was that children are always learning from their parents, even when they think they are unobserved. This even goes beyond the ""they will remember that"" icon with some subtle hints that even before you have been playing these charcters have had an impact on the children. As of the second episode I am particularly excited to see how these influences pay off.Interestingly we are given the same sort of Byronic hero figure who was a big shot at some point but had reached their lowest point at the start of the apocalypse. However, much like the second season, our surrogate has also spent a great deal of time in this world so his arc doesn't have to be about basic survival and/or forming a group. This allows for more interesting motives and story possibilities.The episode length is just long enough to tell the story well, there is not a lot of time spent messing about or randomly passing time like int he previous entries. The scenes also transition much smoother with the inclusion of well placed playable flashbacks. The structure also, as mentioned elsewhere in this review, leaves room for surprising revelation and allows the characters to show us who they are rather than talk endlessly about it (We do not need someone telling us they are a family man, they just are a family man). The obligatory ""she will remember that"" text are more ominous here because they come at more precise times in the narrative and signify less obvious changes in the relationship. The first episode in particular paces scenes rather well, establishing: the characters, their relationship to Javier and their starting point in the story. This makes them less of a blank slate when we pick them up well into the walking dead timeline.Not to say there weren't any problems. For one I had a couple incidents in the first chapter where my character would remain silent but the interacting characters would suddenly mention something which made no sense given my silence. Ancillary characters (as per the usual with TWD) died onscreen a lot but as I had no real connection to them I couldn't quite understand what the game was trying to make me feel. It also seemed like the other characters had no connection to them which made it even harder to care. Just brutality for the sake of it. Some of the early voice acting (of the child characters) seemed a little off but it made sense in hindsight since they voice actors were only needed at that age for the first scene. A last complaint, and this is probably a small one in the grand scheme of things, I wish more than a passing remark was given to some of the characters in the first Clem flashback (depending on which ending you choose for season 2) there seemed to be an unwillingness to drag the flashbacks on for too much longer. The willingness to engage in shocking twists might get annoying in future but as of episode 2 most of the twists have been pretty insane.A complaint I saw people make in the comments before I bought the game was that you were not given control of Clementine like int he second game. Frankly this complaint rings as a fundamental missunderstanding of the point of the series. This season in particular is not about trying to decide for Clem. She has had two whole series of growth, the point now is to accept that what she has become. She was ineviteably shaped by nature and nurture and the reality of the world has made her more severe. This is her arc. Looking at her from this new perspective is even a little jarring which actually made her work more as a character for me. You can't help but be reminded that you had a hand in this, allowing her to be played as the innocent Clem this time just wouldn't make sense.Another complaint I saw a lot was that your choices did not actually matter that much. For one making 30 different games based on how 30 different people would play is not the point of this series in my opinion. The point is about being caught up in situations and being forced to react. This is not a choose your own adventure in the broader sense this is more about how your choices affect your relationships. If you are looking for a free roaming adventure then this series was never for you as part of the appeal of The Walking Dead as a universe is the lack of good choices. Secondly, this is a story game, this will always come with the burden of structure."
,Not Recommended,536220,28983119,Posted: 3 January,all,TheJamRepublic,"Played about 10 minutes. Worst 10 minutes I've ever played of a video game. Opening dialogue I thought something was off, the animations were janky and the character models looked completely out of the style that I have grown to love from Telltale, in games such as The Wolf Among Us and the other TWD games. It was at the point where I found out that it wasn't even a Robert Kirkman story that I gave up on this.It's not a telltale game. It's not a Walking Dead game. It's a soulless cash grab by a company that would rather take money over its own reputation."
76561198123898827,Recommended,536220,29728772,Posted: 5 February,all,The Sandy Hook Slayer U_M_G: ™,So far i love the game. the visuals look fantastic also which is a plus but wasnt necessary and the story so far is pretty good. As in Season 1 and Season 2 prepare for the feels train. its back
76561197999824868,Recommended,536220,30826611,Posted: 29 March,all,Geodude07,"I find the episodes to be a little short, and the 'twists' are a bit stale at this point. I can only really see the characters get kicked around so many times before the 'good town turns out to be evil' plot gets over played.  Many choices don't get aknowledged in any real way, and many developments that should be in the hands of the player are not. Ultimately it feels too easy to see where your choices don't matter, where season 1 and 2 felt like they at least had characters who were built up and reacted differently towards you based on what you did.The difference really lies there. The characters of season 1 and 2 were more thoroughly developed and you were given time to care about them. This one has shorter episodes and much less development placed into personality. While it's sad for some to die, it loses shock value when you barely know them. It loses the full potential of emotional moments. It could be a really interesting story, but it rushes through itself too quickly and never gives us a chance to really get to know our group.That said it's still interesting enough to play and I want to know what happens next. It just doesn't feel like my choices even matter. I might as well just watch someone play and i'd have a very similar experience. I still recommend it because it is enjoyable in many senses. It just isn't really at the same quality of previous entries."
,Recommended,536220,31664299,Posted: 10 May,all,IdiotSalad,I love tis game i can play 19 hours and stil have fun but it wana be fair i give it 9/11
76561198034223393,Recommended,536220,32483072,Posted: 16 June,all,Michael,"Its a much tighter game than season 2, more focused storyMuch shorter than 1 & 2Less wandering around a room looking for random objects in empty drawers which is good since i hated that bit of season 1 & 2Abit of an idiot plot, loads of confrontations could be solved if people just explained things instead of being really abiguousDecent game 7/10"
,Recommended,536220,32814027,Posted: 26 June,all,Fergi,Mariana will remember this.Dies in 5 seconds.
76561198036033764,Recommended,536220,33360980,Posted: 7 July,all,justin.autz,"There's one major benefit to reading extremely negative reviews: You always go into the game expecting the worst.I'm a huge fan of the series. The first season was absolutely incredible. The second was decent. Then I read the reviews for this game, and I decided to take a pass. Flash forward several months later, and a Steam sale happens so I pay $5.If you go into the game knowing its 100% linear, and your choices mean nothing, they actually didn't do a bad job. Javi and Kate were great. There were some other pretty decent side characters. The overall plot was nothing to write home about, but for $5 it was still not that bad. There were some pretty good twists and every moment I get to spend with Clementine is always worthwhile after everything I have gone through with her.Pick it up on sale when you can. If only they could recapture the magic of the first season, but alas, I doubt it will ever happen. I will probably do the same thing with season 4."
76561198138619031,Recommended,536220,29997438,Posted: 17 February,all,Shadow Studios,"WARNING SPOILERS!pros:clementine is back,there's plenty of action,new characters,there's surprises.cons:clementine is a side character who can only be played as during flashbacks.overall i love the game but please do make it so we can play as clem, that was always my favourite part of season 2.thanks :)"
76561198036027049,Recommended,536220,30030145,Posted: 19 February,all,Iced Coffee,"coming back, after what feels like forever since the end of ""2"" part three i actually got into this pretty quick, and thourily enjoyed it by the end of episode two as you can imagine I'm now hooked for episode 3. while i will say at the begining there was what seemed like too much non gameplay moments.  but I've enjoyed the gameplay choices, and have yet to do a second run to try for the ""mean run"" haha.   cant wait for the next episode!"
76561198003366436,Recommended,536220,30031618,Posted: 19 February,all,Enforcer,"A damn good game, realy worth the time playing it."
76561198023509723,Recommended,536220,30529665,Posted: 15 March,all,weirdsciencemarketing,"I really like the playability of this game. Although it doesn't seem to matter what choices you make ultimately you end with the same result. Choices don't really matter because it doesn't change the course of outcome much at all. It really sucks that telltale games only releases a couple of episodes and makes you wait for months before releasing anything further. The way I see it is, if you pay full price for a game then you should recieve the full game and not have to wait. In my opinion all that purchased this game with only 2 episodes should be credited a partial refund for having to wait it out while telltale games gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. I'm so not impressed. I've also heard that they have released the full game for x-box and playstation. What's up with that? Get your act together ""telltale"" because you have a lot of un-happy customers out there."
76561198183840901,Recommended,536220,32644822,Posted: 22 June,all,showtimeavenger,Lovely I loved all the seasons epsecally season 1
,Recommended,536220,29959487,Posted: 16 February,all,g0reS,"The game is very good, I recommend it to all. :*"
76561197965872658,Recommended,536220,30966195,Posted: 5 April,all,Nitro[rAfA],"Let's put it this way. It's an awesome game, but if you played the first two, it sucks.Reasons? It seems like the decisions almost have no impact. Foreseeable storyline, and ""bad"" script.However, I still like it."
,Recommended,536220,31109664,Posted: 12 April,all,Bbplayer5,Currently Done with Episode three and I can say that so far it isn't quite as good as season 1 but it is better than season 2. A lot less buggy than the previous ones as well.SPOILERS BELOW:!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!A bit of a slow start as players are wondering where the heck is clementine but it doesn't take long for her to show up. The aspect of wondering if you are doing the right thing by siding with her is great. Would recommend the game!
,Recommended,536220,32121934,Posted: 1 June,all,Ryeku,"If you played the other 2 seasons, just play it"
76561198081648266,Recommended,536220,29734935,Posted: 5 February,all,The Man In Red,"SPOILER ALERT FOR ANYONE WHO HASN'T PLAYED THIS GAME, YET!Just like Season 1 and Season 2, this one got me interested, entertained, excited, and emotional. I was instantly happy, when I recognized one of the characters as Jesus from The Walking Dead comic series and TV series! I really love when these games include official characters from the franchise!Mariana and Francine's deaths saddened me almost as much as Lee's death in Season 1, especially when I saw Javi's reaction to Mariana's death, and Conrad's reaction to Francine's death. I feel horribly sorry for both of them, and their loved ones. And Mariana was so young. I chose to shoot Conrad to protect Clementine, and because I thought his plan was too risky for us all, but it still hurt me to shoot him. And I was really shocked to see Javi's older brother, David, turning out to be a member of the New Frontier! I can't wait for David to find out his people shot Mariana, his daughter, in the head! All Hell will break loose!"
,Recommended,536220,32928307,Posted: 28 June,all,Amplify -iwal-,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing, just as good as the other installments."
,Recommended,536220,33361146,Posted: 7 July,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Everyone's favorite character returns, mostly.Favorite Thing: I enjoyed the story, in spite of its faults and lose ends.Least Favorite Thing: That bloody camera shake. It doesn't make movies look better and there's absolutely no reason to add it into a game!Date Completed: 2017-07-04Playtime: ~ 7hEnjoyment: 9/10Recommendation: If you're a TellTale or Walking Dead fan you'll probably enjoy it."
76561198206318796,Recommended,536220,33786499,Posted: 25 July,all,Mesomorfe,i think this is the best of the walking dead telltales series!
,Recommended,536220,29794463,Posted: 8 February,all,JScout,"*smacks lips* nice memeAlso, Tripp was hilarious and Conrad was a fun character cos of his design."
76561198257399160,Recommended,536220,29908292,Posted: 13 February,all,Chaos In Damnation,"Love the game so far telltale, keep it up."
76561197974543571,Not Recommended,536220,29589008,Posted: 30 January,all,Merkeon,"Pros:  None, even the graphics look the same.Cons:* The plot is a rehash of the traditional 'Dumb people who managed to survive this long now have a better reason to do something other than mope around'.* The characters are weak, even Valentine was made out to be an awkward♥♥♥♥♥♥  You would think after a few years she would have developed AT ALL mentally.*  The time period feels wrong.  It starts you off in the first few days of infection, which would have been amazing to see in its full glory, instead you get a snippet of a morning spanish soap opera then it skips forward a few years just because someone was lazy.*  The gameplay...i am not sure how, but it has less gameplay than the first Walking Dead Telltale game.  Seriously it is kind of weird how little control you even have.Summary of plot;  Zombies.  Someone dies.  Grr get mad and plot is now revengorino.  Stuff happens, wait for Season 2 the end."
76561198013077768,Not Recommended,536220,28935642,Posted: 2 January,all,sircrumple,"This game is just another depressing look at what people do with money. You have a good thing going, but instead of having some kind of hope or happiness come into a character's life all you will do is make it the most awful living hell out there.Am I going to play it through? Yes. Well I support any other project made in this series again? No. why? Because all they do is think of the worst possible things to happen to people and make it so you can't stop it.There is a million reasons why half the crap that happens in the game shouldn't and why its just a project for people who want you to feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥at the end of playing their game."
,Recommended,536220,31273987,Posted: 21 April,all,ЗЫНЗЫНЗЫН,xuy
76561198120408910,Recommended,536220,29575285,Posted: 29 January,all,ASH,Clementine so beautiful
76561198029136057,Recommended,536220,29834278,Posted: 10 February,all,Bowser From Sonic,Semi yes and no.PROS:+ Great story+ Likeable characters+ New protagonist+ Clementine has returnedCONS:- Very short episodes- Choices do not make a difference- Stale villains
,Recommended,536220,29126483,Posted: 8 January,all,MrCinimini,Yes. This is what the walking dead game always was meant to be. It's nothing short of perfection.
,Recommended,536220,30821394,Posted: 29 March,all,Cuckles™,telltale finally put a determinant character in their game that doesnt die 20 minutes later and actually does something
76561198255117926,Not Recommended,536220,28602862,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,sadepriice69,"This game has caused a lot of problems on my system. I Just recently got this up to date and fixed and paid over $200.00, and with this purchase my computer has been crashing like never before. Since I've uninstalled it, I haven't had any problems. But steam won't refund the purchase due to over 2 hours of game play, yet the only reason it exceeds it is because the game kept freezing on my computer for minutes at a time and crashing it. I got to the first flash back, so that should just pretty much sum up the amount of time spent on this game for those who played it."
76561198311527546,Recommended,536220,30812156,Posted: 29 March,all,Neonja,"Don't understand these bad comments. Although it isn't truly released yet, it still deserves much better. The only con I encountered was the saves. You couldn't restart the episode when you ♥♥♥♥ up. But I can live with it"
,Recommended,536220,29542703,Posted: 28 January,all,BigDil,This game has definitely maintained it's record of shock and awesomeness! I would recommend it to anyone that has played the previous seasons of the walking dead telltale series
76561198131284660,Recommended,536220,29211404,Posted: 12 January,all,wressner,"Many people says that this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's not.I know Clementine is a backround charecter and she was that in Season 1 (The first game) as well, and alot of people loved Seson 1 so stop complaining about that.Yes there are some new chrecters but we cant have the same ♥♥♥♥ing charecters in all The Walking Dead games.The first seasons of The New Frontier (1 and 2) that I have played are pretty good, even if you don't know the charecters really well.And Clementines in them and she is not a little kid any more she is now 13-15 years old and she is more badass then ever!So guys please stop hating on this game, all games that have been realesed the latest 2 years have been hated.I think we gamers are to spoiled with good games so we start hating on new games instead of giving them a chance.I'm not saying that we have to like all the new games, just give them a chance like we did before."
76561198004995062,Recommended,536220,32159590,Posted: 3 June,all,Michael,"You know what? I like it. for around 20 bucks, this is a steal. I don't know why people complaining about price. 20 bucks isn't a lot for most people.I had an amazing time playing TWD S1 and S2, so I was definitely onboard for S3 when it came out.The story and game itself has a different atmospheric feel than the other TWDs. While the other ones felt very graphic novel-ish (which isn't bad by any means), this one felt a little more grounded in reality. Our own darling Clementine has also changed, I wouldn't say matured, but definitely a lot more capable.Personally I love the new characters. They bring a little bit of their culture into the dialogues and that feels new to me cause I'm not from where they are. The romance option was great, her voice actress nailed it and I felt every line of hers was a joy to listen to. The characters all had personal dilemmas, alliegence to their desires, creating very complex scenarios where there isn't any right answers, which for me was what these games were all about. Though I will say that so far I have not encountered any major choice that made me want to go back and change my decision because I was indecisive (which I did in the end of TWD S2), so I guess choices are a lot more simpler here imo?Pace-wise, TWD: ANF is not too different from the past seasons. If you recall, S1 and S2 had pretty slow starts too. Though I will say that ANF's scenario does not feel as epic as the past seasons, where you get more story arcs to explore more about the world and visit multiple different new areas unrelated to eachother. The game is shorter than past seasons, but you also have to remember that this is a small studio with a budget, and with the improved visuals comes drawbacks in other area, it's only expected.Overall very happy with what I got, the exciting continuation of TWD series."
76561198085976101,Recommended,536220,33223855,Posted: 4 July,all,Slothington,Telltale you have done it again! amazing storyline with great characters. had me on the edge of my seat all the way though!!!Get to work on the next one!!!!
76561198010996849,Recommended,536220,29123069,Posted: 8 January,all,Laqueesha,Good game.
76561198028176268,Recommended,536220,30426311,Posted: 10 March,all,cmlykke,"Good innovations, but the relative innocense of Javiers family seems a bit unrealistic this long after the outbreak."
,Recommended,536220,29178091,Posted: 10 January,all,RapidRunnyPoo,im gay
76561198506990971,Recommended,536220,30272064,Posted: 1 March,all,DaGamma,Its fun
76561198138986318,Recommended,536220,33105998,Posted: 1 July,all,schrickeljackson,"I really wish I could give this game a mixed review.  As it stands, I am really only recommending it because it furthers Clem's story and sets up more from her in the future.  However, this game is easily the weakest of the three main installments (I haven't played Michonne so I can't speak to it).I'll start with the goodThe new main character, Javi, while not as compelling as Lee or Clem, has his own charm to him. Not only that, but him not being a part of the first two seasons gives you more freedom to form new opinions about the world around you from a completely different perspective.The story was much more reminiscent of the show or comics than the previous two installments were.  In the first two, for the most part anyway, the biggest problem was the walkers.  This is the first time where, like the source material, the walkers (or mortes as they are now called) are almost more of a background problem while other people take the foreground as the main threat to your survival.  Now, I'm not saying that the mortes don't cause their share of trouble in this game, nor am I suggesting that other survivors weren't a big problem in the first two. However, in this game, far more people die from other people (be it directly or indirectly) than from walkers.Lastly, for the first time since season 1, we get a glimpse of the characters from the source material.  In the first game, we saw Glenn briefly at the very begining, but, ever since, the game has been completely seperate, despite being in the same general area of the country.In the second episode of this game, we meet our old buddy Paul, aka Jesus.  Not only do we meet him, he becomes an integral part of the story in the later episodes.On top of that, we learn about certain other groups.Now, the badWhile Javi is an interesting character, the rest of the leading cast, with the exception of Clem, are incredibly boring or irritating.  Your nephew, even when you do something to help him, is constantly a little♥♥♥♥♥♥towards you and constantly rats you out for doing literally anything and then wonders why you don't trust him, your sister-in-law has the personality of a blank chalk board, your brother is a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥who constantly tries to prove he isn't a♥♥♥♥♥♥through random acts of disckishness, and your ""friends"" from the airfield seem to decide whether or not they like you by flipping a coin after every descision you make.  And they wonder why I constanlty choose Clem over them.Speaking of choosing Clem, the game constanly pits Clem's interests against those of your group.  Especially when it makes no sense. Clem: ""we should help that little kid, which wouldn't really have any influence on how this group views us."" Everybody else: ""I just don't think we can risk it.""  Jeez, real tough descision there.  Which is representative of the core problem in almost all telltale games: the illusion fo choice. While your choices may change small aspects of the story, none of them really have a major effect until the last couple episodes, and even then it's not a huge change.Finally, we come to the biggest problem in my opinion. This is an isue that all the games so far have had, but it is especially bad in this one.  As a fan of the show and someone who is trying to get into the comics as well, I view this world as a place where you have to be willing to get your hands dirty in order to ensure the survival of your group.  In the first two games, you were in the fairly early days of the zombie appocalypse, so it was slightly more understandable that a more aggresive attitude would be seen as disturbing, especially to people who were younger or more timid.  However, by this point, the people who are still around are the people who were willing to do some questionable♥♥♥♥♥♥in order to protect themselves and their group.  So, you killing a guy who kidnapped you and is now tryin to kill your family should seem like a reasonable course of action.  Instead, everyone in your group, except Clem again, totally freaks out any time you even hint at violence.TL;DRThis game, while it has some good points, is, on the whole, a rather dissapointing addition to the series.  However, because it furthers the story of the series main protagonist, I reccomend getting it for no other reason than to be prepared for what comes next."
,Recommended,536220,29742158,Posted: 6 February,all,Rito,good game lol but update didn't come out on time you cux
,Recommended,536220,32128843,Posted: 2 June,all,^1LAST STROKE WENT,great game starts getting very good at ep 3 with a great endingbuy this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198199183811,Recommended,536220,32583577,Posted: 19 June,all,DesmondLost8,"This is probably one of the best games i have ever played. At first I was sceptical about buying it becuase it was a new character to play as. Put the way the story of Javi and Clem merged was amazing. I just wish we could have seen a little more about Clem, Aj, and Kenny or the Jane [depending on who you picked]."
,Recommended,536220,33871683,Posted: 28 July,all,Pavel,Buy. This. Game.
,Recommended,536220,32215541,Posted: 6 June,all,skrrrrrrrrrrrrt,"idk why people hate this game.i think its better than season 2.pros:you flirt with a latinacons:you have to fight with her husband, which happens to be your brother"
,Recommended,536220,32061609,Posted: 30 May,all,Xephos,10/10
,Not Recommended,536220,28502324,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,AerusXV,killed off kenny.
,Not Recommended,536220,28510613,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Alpha Wolf™,"First off, this isn't what I expected out of season 3. I am not your normal reviewer, so what you get from me is raw and strictly my own opinion. I don't do pros and cons. So, you get what I actually think. Hold onto your butts, because my opinions could♥♥♥♥♥♥you the Hell off. So, off we go!I don't mind games crashing on me, it's annoying yes and after a few updates, it's usually fine. But, couple that with shoddy writing and sloppy voice acting, it's unbearable.I expected a lot more out of season 3. But, what I got was far worse than the Michonne edition. But, at least the Michonne game, as bad as it was, it was STILL playable.This game however, must be some sort of joke by Telltale. For one, how can you just toss Clem into this and leave her as an unplayable aspect of the game? I don't mind playing new people. like we did in the 400 Days DLC. But THAT was a DLC and it was made to add people to season 2. But, you can't toss a new guy at us for an entire season.Javi in my opinion is as unlikeable as poop on the floor. He has no redeeming qualities. At least his brother had character. He was a drunken bully. I hate bullies.Anyways, this is NOT the season 3 I expected or wanted. If you're a die hard fan of the characters that you have come to love in this game, like me, then don't buy the game. If you're a die hard fan of the game series itself, regardless of what characters they might toss at you, then, buy the game.This is a hard call for me. I cannot recommend it, but, on the other hand, it IS a TWD game. So, all I can say, is what I've already said in the previous paragraph above.This gets a thumbs down from me."
,Recommended,536220,30797104,Posted: 28 March,all,Marcykay,Smoked some weed and talked about boners and periods.
,Recommended,536220,29203321,Posted: 12 January,all,✔_MasterBB_✔,"#WeWantClemBut in all seriousness, it's a TellTale game... Never expect nothing less than 'Great'"
76561197982865470,Recommended,536220,30307435,Posted: 3 March,all,Santa Claus,"Good episode but.. I miss the original music. Where is the awesomeness of music like ""Gun In My Hand"" and ""Wolf"". That really makes an episode."
76561198051745545,Recommended,536220,29564481,Posted: 29 January,all,vasax,"Well, while I definitely enjoyed playing first 2 episodes, I must say that the story is nothing new, it's based on a recycled situation that we saw so many times in this franchise before: someone takes other people's stuff and those people get really mad and homicidal.Fortunately, well thought characters and dialogues make this very not fresh story good enough to play.Also there's even less interactivity in this season than in first 2, which is not a problem for me since I think of this game as of a TV show, but it kinda made me want to push buttons more often :-)The game looks good thanks to new engine, it was high time to use a new one, really, so I'm glad it happened."
76561198006443578,Not Recommended,536220,28502337,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,sliferred123,"okay if you came here expecting to be clem again then you will be sorely disappointed. she is reduced to background, we have to be javier, and they killed clem's group in the lamest way possible. not gonna lie i feel ripped off. javier is okay and we get some pretty intense choices and action but I WANT TO BE CLEM!!!! it okay walking dead game if you can get pass the inital shock of not being clem. man im honestly angry and frustrated at what they did to clem.i wish there was a middle ground cause game is good but my feelings say don't recommend cause of whole clem situation XP. so i will mark thumbs down but it IS a decent game"
,Recommended,536220,30818370,Posted: 29 March,all,sheepy dog's hand,"Clem is qt asian waifu, only reason i have this dumb ""game"""
,Recommended,536220,29935817,Posted: 14 February,all,ChangingMyNameToKeep It Fresh,"STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT LENGTH, YOU ALREADY KNOW THE NEXT 3 CHAPTERS ARE GOING TO MAKE UP FOR IT!good game 10/10 trump can't stop these mexicans!"
76561198099015549,Recommended,536220,29197405,Posted: 11 January,all,acedirt234,"Although not as revolutionary as season 1,if you enjoyed season 2, you will enjoy A New Frontier.if not, wait a few years until this is $6.24"
,Recommended,536220,30594619,Posted: 18 March,all,GunnerLord™,Gr8 game I r8 8/8.
,Recommended,536220,30074454,Posted: 21 February,all,DevilsPunch,Great game
,Recommended,536220,32139185,Posted: 2 June,all,߷TheSpoi߷,The best one yetnow time to wait for the next one with clem!Seriously tho its a magnificent gameBUY IT!
,Recommended,536220,29633637,Posted: 1 February,all,S E X Y    P E P E,"Clem <3Damn plot twistsEpisodes are much shorter than in previous seasons but still like it.Clem <3Would appreciated to play more as Clem but Javi looks ok too.Clem <3Deaths in ep.1 and ep.2 are just result of bad script writing (""just kill some chars, hue hue"") and feel so silly.Who would need more if there is ClemClem <3"
76561198347468618,Recommended,536220,30286008,Posted: 2 March,all,bakariwalton55,Best game ever
,Recommended,536220,30529734,Posted: 15 March,all,Jamez.EXE,first two episodes were great  hope the rest are as good or better 8/10
76561198040766804,Recommended,536220,29202466,Posted: 12 January,all,Tenton,perfect sequel to the series...very very satisfied
,Recommended,536220,31930866,Posted: 24 May,all,Critzy,i do not know why this game has so many down votes. its really good and plus theres more clemintine like how could you not by this game if you are a walking dead fan
76561198030071966,Not Recommended,536220,28530039,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dr.Genocide,You no longer play as clem and she has also turned into a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,536220,32457976,Posted: 15 June,all,irreverentbear,"Surprsingly despite a lot of negativity about this installment I found the game really fun, and while it's plot was a tad cliche' its great storytelling made up for a lot of it as you would expect from Telltale's games. For those who have gone through S1 and 2, this was definitely worth the wait! All in all A New Frontier is a solid addition in Clementine's saga, looking forward to the next game!"
,Recommended,536220,30878366,Posted: 1 April,all,Prt,IF you are not playing it dude the hell are you waiting for ? for real it is one of the geat games of all time :D
,Recommended,536220,31156580,Posted: 15 April,all,Black devil,"Maybe not the same emotional feel as the first and second, but still an amazing game!"
,Recommended,536220,29195331,Posted: 11 January,all,spookyB ;),"-SPOILERS-Oh my God. Telltale please no more. I can't take it. First Jane, and probably something for Kenny (yet to play that path) and then Mariana and Gabe rebelling, and then David being the leader of the New Frontier... Just no. You're getting me with all these hard choices, and the flashbacks are a fantastic way of bringing back Clem's story. Javi is instantly relatable, having his family stripped from him time and time again. The dialouge is great, but feels like it lacks something from the original seasons, not sure what. Maybe I just miss the old characters. Gameplay is solid still, albeit nothing new. New walker designs are also a nice touch and make me feel like I'm right in Javi's shoes when faces by them or the New Frontier. All in all, A New Frontier is a great continuation of the story, adding new characters that have depth and make you feel like their your family. I can't wait for episode three and more."
,Recommended,536220,32090526,Posted: 31 May,all,eLastic  #away,Tᴇʟʟᴛᴀʟᴇ Gᴀᴍᴇs ɪs ᴛʜᴇ ʙᴇsᴛ.10/10 Gᴀᴍᴇ 💖
,Recommended,536220,29104950,Posted: 7 January,all,DANNY,- Smooth framerates and feels optimized well in comparison to previous Telltale titles- Animations look fluid on the new engine- Interesting characters- Interesting plot so far (played up to episode 2)Good game
,Recommended,536220,32109148,Posted: 1 June,all,Roder777,An AMAZING game. Loved every part of it. Some characters were cucks but heeeyyy it's still pretty good.9/10
76561198362674576,Recommended,536220,30206823,Posted: 26 February,all,Ollie wood,gg
,Not Recommended,536220,30077122,Posted: 21 February,all,Ricardo F.,Don't buy it.
76561198112018357,Not Recommended,536220,28502544,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mr magician,the game is a big dissapointment
,Recommended,536220,30787353,Posted: 27 March,all,jERcy ☮,TOP
,Recommended,536220,29155800,Posted: 9 January,all,ParadoX,They smoked weed in episode 1 ayyyyyyyyyy
,Recommended,536220,30109563,Posted: 22 February,all,Gøbi (AWAY),didnt cry
76561198288116880,Recommended,536220,30532271,Posted: 15 March,all,Redouan™,"Good game, should be released earlier"
,Recommended,536220,30790190,Posted: 28 March,all,Cezzro,good game like the rest.
,Recommended,536220,30422415,Posted: 10 March,all,RonaldoIsMyFriend,The game is great but if  we play as Clementine more than Javier it is great
76561198087298036,Recommended,536220,32047194,Posted: 29 May,all,Autismoos Twatimoos,Got the chick. And the chick dies -_-10/10 Would be teased again.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s xD
76561198005588993,Recommended,536220,29546151,Posted: 28 January,all,Peaceman112,I like
76561198354541128,Recommended,536220,31566223,Posted: 5 May,all,N1ghTSh@de16,This is a must-try game for telltale series fans. :D
,Not Recommended,536220,29808913,Posted: 9 February,all,Haos,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of money, ♥♥♥♥ing god damn. its been two months since premiere and there are still only 2 episodes. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK"
,Recommended,536220,31786672,Posted: 16 May,all,artinblue,awsome game i love it
76561198117057864,Recommended,536220,29091178,Posted: 7 January,all,Superdry,This game is gr8
,Recommended,536220,31205996,Posted: 17 April,all,Baby Rey,SOOOOO GOOD SO FAR PLEASE PLAY ALL THE GAMES THEY ARE ALL SOOOOOO GOOD BUY RIGHT NOW I MEAN IT!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,536220,28501307,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KFC MANAGER,They killed big boss kenny in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flashback.jane♥♥♥♥ got btfo though.
76561198009012659,Recommended,536220,30819446,Posted: 29 March,all,ThePhoenixKnight,Great game
76561198100894415,Recommended,536220,32105556,Posted: 1 June,all,PATAPL,<3
,Recommended,536220,29093195,Posted: 7 January,all,NikolajSS1907,So far 10/10
,Recommended,536220,33755064,Posted: 23 July,all,Nicooru,Im surprised this game has got such a bad reception.
,Recommended,536220,29151740,Posted: 9 January,all,goishen,♥♥♥♥♥rules.'Nuff said.
,Recommended,536220,28961135,Posted: 2 January,all,crumb88,i enjoyed watching big daddy kenbear on the big screen againalthough the ending sucks in fact so does the entire episodewalking dead.. more like ill be in the shed.. not playin your crap games anymorehaha no its joke i shall play again...xoxo
,Not Recommended,536220,28496011,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,stingo pingo,"10/10Would play Seasons 1 and 2 again and then have my final choice mean absolutely nothing either way. Would also be given the ""Illusion of Free Choice"" again as well.♥♥♥♥ you, Telltale."
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,536220,28512424,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Razter,"I liked the original Telltale series even though it was kinda short. It still had a good story.This one however is pretty garbage.Content is almost nill, each episode is MAYBE 1 hour.They've done little to no character developement.Story is..meh.They STILL haven't done anything about the clunky UI.Very disappointing.Not worth the price.Wait until it's like $5-10---Update: It's been over 3 months now since release and still no new episode.Considering how teeny tiny these episodes are and how low quality, why is this taking so long?I mean it probably only takes them about 3 days to create an episode judging from the quality and content.This will be the last time I purchase anything from Teltale."
76561198093532672,Recommended,536220,31549837,Posted: 4 May,all,tommygun999,"The story is more complex and interesting than in most of the episodes in seasons 6 and 7 of TWD series.Also, I have a subjective feeling that the options in game became much more varied in terms of branching."
,Recommended,536220,29850634,Posted: 11 February,all,TESLIK,the best
,Recommended,536220,28491225,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,✪ M A R C U S,GREAT SO FAR 10/10
76561198057983851,Recommended,536220,29085331,Posted: 7 January,all,Chef,"So far so good!I've played season 1 and season 2 of the walking dead, and i love both of them! I really recommend this game as well!Season 3 (The walking dead a new frontier) is amazing so far. The only thing that bothers me is what they (the ones who animate/draw the art) seem to do with many characters, almost only females. Clementine looks all blurry, causing it to look like that her face is round and glossy. But if we look at Kate and Javi, their skin is absolutely stunning!If we look at Clementine again, in season 1 and 2 we can see the strokes from the brush when they animated/drew her. And it's a part of the ttg style, well that and the cell shading. Now, as I said before, Clementine looks like she's made in Sims 3 with a fanmade skin! With that said, we can really see the progress with the graphic, but some faces just looks wrong. We know that you got the skills!"
76561198215790597,Recommended,536220,32076651,Posted: 30 May,all,Cawwot-Kun,"i'm very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very veryWAIT THERES MOREvery very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very veryHOW MANY VERYS U ASK! veryexcited for season 4if you don't make you i'll find you, kill ur dad while im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ur dog and then i'll force you to do another story and if it's♥♥♥♥♥♥then i'll kill u :)"
,Not Recommended,536220,28500759,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dad Works For Sega,"It is WAY shorter than the previous two seasons. Telltale said themselves that they are going to try to keep episodes around 90 minutes long each. NOT WORTH THE PRICE TAG! wait for it to go on sale or something, because its obvious at this point that their development team is stretched too thin with other games at the moment, or better yet save the money and promote some youtuber by watching their playthrough."
76561198080205490,Not Recommended,536220,28500837,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Zanaxous,"cant play it, need it fixed or i want my money back"
,Recommended,536220,30820397,Posted: 29 March,all,RapiRush,best game ever..
,Recommended,536220,30434604,Posted: 10 March,all,bladedbelial,what can i say apart from another master piece from telltale
,Recommended,536220,30790324,Posted: 28 March,all,ded,Clementine.
,Not Recommended,536220,29701359,Posted: 4 February,all,Mccat likes Mcdonalds,Stale meme 4/10 IGN   you dun f*cked up telltaleHey dude why tf are you browsing through my profile and looking at my old game reviews? Get a life. jesus
,Not Recommended,536220,28493056,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ЩДIИ,!SPOILER ALERT!Terrible way to end a cliffhanger moment. Gives no actuall meaning to the season 2 finale. I hope the rest of the game has some redeeming qualities
76561198170371767,Recommended,536220,30908588,Posted: 2 April,all,PuddinBandit,BEEP BEEB IM A SHEEP
76561198066536519,Recommended,536220,29081500,Posted: 7 January,all,udylogitech,"great game, i want to have sexual intercourse with clemintine.(just dont buy if you want a game where you can just finish the whole game in a week because the episodes come out every 2 months)"
,Recommended,536220,29156661,Posted: 9 January,all,DarkestPrayer69,Clem's got nice breast now
,Recommended,536220,29107359,Posted: 7 January,all,Gopnik,ITS.PRETTY.GOOD.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,536220,30431762,Posted: 10 March,all,Pilot,nassdawbdasdbwa i need to level up on steam
76561198260042032,Not Recommended,536220,28499122,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,marinavsingh88,"its diffrernt and interesting. Javier is not Lee! This is not season 3!appreciate it for what it is, writing could be alot better.we at least can enjoy Clem :)hopefully episodes 3-5 will make everyone who hates it so far, think differenti wouldnt recommend it, only because if you want the real TWDG exp...NOTHING CAN EVER BEAT OR REPLACE SEASON 1"
76561198038746722,Recommended,536220,30802691,Posted: 28 March,all,SYSTEM_ERROR_,"Lotta dumb @ss bad reviews about this game out there. Probably 17 year old F-t@rds with no idea what it is to be a fan of something. To grow up with something and love it more and more with time. Shouldnt you guys be playing ""Life Is Strange"" or some gey stuff like that?? Who TF buys this game and expects ANYTHING else but what it always HAS been?? I love the whole cliche zombie genre. I like the ""cel-shaded"" graphics (google that, you millennial tw@ts), it's fitting since the story started as a graphic novel. A lot of aspects of this game, in a videogame sense, I simply love. But when you add the Walking Dead theme to it you got me buying it. This is a good game... end of story. I've played every chapter from the beginning, way back on PS3. It's a modern ""point and click"" game. So what? It's a nice distraction from other games I play way too much. I mean ALL videogames are the same ol' $hit over and over again. You just find what you like and play it. The bad reviews about this game being repetitive or ""not living up to the first couple chapters"" are ridiculous. This story is a side story in the WD universe. Thats enough to make it awesome. If your not a fan then quit buying the games you F-t@rds, lol. But thanks for funding the next game :) cuz im buying it."
76561198195002298,Recommended,536220,28521980,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,killordie24,"THE BEST GAME I CAN PLAY1,2,3,"
76561198070220228,Recommended,536220,28510418,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,UniqueSecret,I enjoyed the first two episodes so far.
76561198086595972,Recommended,536220,28511330,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,danny young9,such a great game loving playing this i recommend you buy this and i'm playing this 4 times
76561198069499740,Recommended,536220,28511585,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Strong Life Sweet Cabbage,"Great continuation of TWD series, stakes are high and characters are interesting enough to play."
76561197985413671,Recommended,536220,28511614,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dlsnet,The game is amazing. The best continuation I could hope for.
76561198048636304,Recommended,536220,28496944,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Devin,"Honestly when I saw that Clem was going to be a side character and you were going to be playing as Javier I was kind of worried. However the first episodes really restored my faith. Javier is really interesting and funny, and his relationship with Clem is already fun to play through.So far the story is really good, and the deaths are definetely impactful so far. I already care about Javier's family, some of the other side characters, and of course Clementine.However your choices don't really matter from the season 2 ending, there is just a flashback with Clementine showing you what happened to whoever you sided with (not that I was expecting them to do anything with Kenny or Jane this season.)The new gameplay is REALLY smooth, with just a few changes that improve season 2's gameplay. However I experienced a bug where sometimes characters wouldn't finish their sentences, or wouldn't talk at all when they were supposed to. This bug isn't to big of a deal if you play with subtitles, since the text for the dialogue still shows. I also experienced some bugs where some of the choices had minor effects on other characters later in the episode when they weren't supposed to happen. Mostly only happened in episode 2 likeI chose to tie up Jesus' hands but he was shown later in a cutscene with his hands unbound. Also I decided to let Clementine leave at the end of episode 2, instead of bargaining her, but she was seen in the background of a small scene even though she left.It's not that big of a deal but it is kind of immersion breaking.The visuals are really good. The environments are more detailed then they've ever been, and the characters are all really good looking and have their own personalities.Honestly, so far this is the best season of the Walking Dead, I just really hope they don't botch the last couple of episodes."
76561198105038718,Recommended,536220,28511792,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DANK VADER,Another great game made by an amazing team who knows how to make strong story games. I love this game 10/10
,Recommended,536220,28511815,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,bilsantu,"If you played both of the previous games, this will satisfy you more than enough. They have improved on everything, I mean everything. If you haven't played the previous games, you should get them because the story is heavily linked and get hyped for this while you are completing them. Probably the best game Telltale delivered so far."
,Recommended,536220,28511042,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,shalen,Good game!!
,Recommended,536220,28511047,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Edips,"I was kind of disappointed that we are playing with this random fkng guy as the protagonistand we dont get to play with clem as much, but this is very well done (for now).. im expecting more tho :)"
,Recommended,536220,28509656,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Slapikas,"Great first two episodes.Too short in my opinion, but from seeing the little the trailers had to offer I was more than impressed, Javir is a likeable character and the realtionship complexaties are great, Clem has turned out awsome in my opinion and story not sure how it would go for others., (she had a great teacher in lee) I really want all the episodes right now, but judging from the achievements and pics prepared im hoping it shouldnt take too long."
,Recommended,536220,28507891,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,yesmeenh,I didn't know what to expect. After the first two episodes I am incredibly surprised. New characters are written very well. And that is the most important thing for me. Just don't get too attached to them:(
76561198157714097,Recommended,536220,28500024,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Lord_Malacrat,"So far so good i played the first 2 episodes and it seems like ur average telltale experience im liking the story so far and the ""plot twists"". combat feels much more improved, your character actually feels capable in this one and by golly there is finally a different pistol (unlike the other games where everyone for some reason has a glock and nothing else, does glock have a monpoly on the apocalypse or something, now ur guy uses what i think is a beretta). Im gonna be honest though dont get this unless you played the other walking dead games because lets face it the experience is different and more rewarding if you played the other ones, and if you didnt like those other games then dont get this one (obviously). Overall though im pretty happy with it. Though this may be just me but these episodes feel shorter than the previous games.Side noteYou killed kenny in the worst way im fine with him dying but you should of done him more justice and have him go down in a bigger more badass way not just lying on the side road getting eaten"
,Recommended,536220,28500496,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Moxd,"Two episodes in, and it's already incredible. So many tough decisions, draining.Once again proving the Walking Dead games are SIGNIFICANTLY better than the TV show, I hope they keep up the pace."
,Recommended,536220,28499029,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,skwakr,"The first 2 episodes is basically me trying to run away from all my responsibilities. They eventually catch up, kick me down, and mess my whole sanity. All with juicy twists so it's all good! ZOMBIE SOAP OPERA/10"
76561198085318221,Recommended,536220,28499007,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,getTHISwork,"9.5/10, worth the purchase if you're a fan of TellTale games! The only negatives I can give so far is that the choices that you made from season 2 haven't made in impact so far and they seem to rush you through the game instead of giving you time to explore the scenery a little, but I hope they make some changes in the upcoming episodes. Other than the negatives I think the story is solid for this season, the voice acting is good (can be better) and I hope TellTale don't disappoint with the rest of the upcoming episodes. Peace"
,Recommended,536220,28499200,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,regoating,Jesus loves me. And I love Jesus.
,Recommended,536220,28499255,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Phantom Squat,"Pretty good so far it's just more of the same for Telltale, that will either be a good or bad thing depending on what you felt about the previous games. New characters are pretty interesting and I am looking forward to the rest of the season."
,Recommended,536220,28499335,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SquintyNinja,Wanted to be the Best Uncle...Couldn't be the Best Uncle ;_;
,Recommended,536220,28499524,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Omega12,"This is gonna contain some loose spoilersThe Walking Dead season 3 stars Javier, a professional gambeler who has lost everything. His father died, he lost his job, and his girlfriend smoked all of his weed. Along the way Javier meets a multitude of companions; such as, The Annoying Orange, Dude Weed LMAO, Geralt of Rivia, and Zombie Jesus.Will Javier learn that blood is thicker than water, or will he loose his humanity and become a demon? Nobody knows because the last three episodes are not out yet.10/10 Everyone in this game is still an idiot."
76561198089448897,Recommended,536220,28499551,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Michaelangelo,one word:EPIC!!
76561198202902182,Recommended,536220,28555450,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Polionflux,Up to now a really good game! I can't wait until the other episodes come out.
76561198077177579,Recommended,536220,28547460,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,JoeLapp93,"Great start to the third season. Just be prepared Clem is in the game but so far have only played as her in flashbacks. Luckily the character is interesting and fun to interact with. Both Ep1 and Ep2 had endings that made me say ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; out loud and that is what I look for with these games. Hopefully it isn't a long wait till Ep3!"
76561198191460227,Recommended,536220,28639269,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Qwanza,"Just buy it. You've waited long enough. Everything we loved form season one of TWD is back and amplified in ANF. It's been a long while since i have played a Walking dead game that actually had me shocked and speechless since the first season. The 2nd season was meh as we all know but, TellTale came back stronger than ever with this season and it's ONLY the second episode!!! Can't wait for the third! Trust me, you will be very fufilled once you buy and play :)"
,Recommended,536220,28644792,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SwiggitinsSwootins,"Honestly, so far the story is decent at most but let's be real it's only 2 episodes in. At first it felt weird to play as Javier instead of Clementine, but after a while I started to like Javis character and after that I didn't mind playing as him, and anyway you get to play as Clem in her flashbacks, even though they are short.I wish that in the future we get longer episodes and get to play more as Clem. Afterall Clementine is the one character that we all who have played the previous seasons have really invested in.I have high expectations for episodes 3, 4 and 5. Don't screw this over Telltale."
76561198314462592,Recommended,536220,28642094,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tiger6665,i just wanted to post a theory:So u can see in the screenshot of episode 4 clementine shooting at something with fire in her eyes (and behind her) and in the fifth u dont see her....i feel like telltale is going to kill clementine becasue after the loss of aj (if hes dead we dont know) and kenny she would be put to rest from all her suffering of losing good people
,Recommended,536220,28510700,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kitty,So much feels
,Recommended,536220,28535488,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,waero,9/10.- little bugs.and i love it for my emotions in it. <3buy it and you will don't regret.
,Recommended,536220,28521905,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Verge,"I'm not sure what I expected the game to be like... I thought i'd be good I guess.This has exceeded my exxpectations by a damn mile. The game is so interesting to play and hard to stop, Javiers character has a good story as well as slowly revealing bits and pieces of Clementine's past, slowly enough that we can't stop playing until we've seen every flashback.My money on this game was definitely well spent as the game has alot to offer in the release 2 episodes. Just imagining what the next 3 episodes will bring, if they're anything like the first two, it'll make a lot of people happy.Jesus, I love this game."
,Recommended,536220,28522241,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,I'mRealSuperSand,"My Thoughts so far..Okay so i finished both episodes and i have to say im pretty pleased with it i thought i was going to be meh about it but im really digging javi as the main character i have my gripes with the game especially theWhole flashblacks  about kenny just flatout getting his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ munched up by walkersyes yes the decisions didnt matter in the end but i still enjoyed both season 1 and 2 and so far 3 and im hoping it can continue to impress yes there was a lot of things they improved on in this game in terms of Ui and Especially their game engine no more stuttering from the game now it seems like the engine for the game is actually good for once but if you plan on buying this game i recommend it so far i can give it about 9/10 and the reason why its not a 10/10 was because alot of the combat feels dumbed down compared to the old drag and click to attack yes yes they still have it in this game but it wasnt as often as i liked a lot of the combat was like Press q or e to hit this zombie and you win i rather quickly drag my mouse and click to attack because that way im more on my toes when there is actual combat scenario but in the end i say buy if you'd like to continue the story even if the choices didn't matterPeople need to just stop and let go and enjoy the gameA lot of people have their gripes with the game and thats because everybody from the past was just cheaply replaced by counter parts to replace them and to never be seen again. Me personally i dont mind i was very attached to Lee, Kenny, A bit omid not so much Krista, Carly i was attached ben was Cancer chuck was barely there and i was still attached to him more then ben larry was just♥♥♥♥♥♥obviously Lill was Lilly ♥♥♥♥ her.But in the end this is the Apocalypse people die weather you like it or not even if cheaping writing is the one to kill them the way i look at it is to just have fun im having a blast i might start a new save file using obviously my import save to see different out comes this game feels like the out comes have more variety."
,Recommended,536220,28496337,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Burton Guster,"+ Terrific voice actor for Javi makes him a likable character+ Impressive storyline+ Genuinely shocking moments+ Can act as a jumping-on point for new players- A couple of important choices feel rushed/forcedEPISODE ONE - ""Ties That Bind, Part One"": 8/10The relatively slow start is excusable for me, both because it was necessary to know Javi's backstory and because I actually enjoyed it. I wouldn't say the action is there from the get-go like it is in Season One, but it's well-delivered/presented, and a close second to S1's opening.It honestly took me a while to care about Javi's remaining family, though they do come across as believable. However, without spoiling anything, I was emotionally invested by the end of this episode.Episode one is light on puzzles, which is a good thing, but it does give you chances to walk, talk, and get to know his family a little better. Speaking of which, flashbacks do occur in this episode, but they are concise and placed where they make sense.Overall, though I do feel like a couple of the choices were rushed and would have been more meaningful if saved for later in the season, Episode One is still a solid introduction to a new character's world - and I guarantee your jaw will drop at least once.EPISODE TWO - ""Ties That Bind, Part Two"": 9/10There's more variety overall in episode two, making it feel less repetitive - more locations, characters, etc.It's been a while since a game made me audibly say, ""WHAT?!?"", but this episode made me do it three times. Telltale sure knows how to keep the story interesting. For every problem solved there's a new one popping up.Not much else to say about this one because it mostly just builds on the last one, but it is the strongest episode so far."
76561198182331745,Recommended,536220,28493830,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TheOneWhoKnocks,This game is so good. So basically if you are reading this you better buy the game or you are bad!!!
,Recommended,536220,28493843,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sesime,"This is the first Telltale Game I've ever purchased, I have watched both Season 1 and Season 2 of The Walking Dead games on Youtube, so I never had the need to purchase the games. This time, I wanted to experience the game first hand, and that is exactly what I did. I feel connected to the characters and I'm only 2 episodes in. I believe this game has gone beyond expectations and I highly recommend to anyone that may be interested. They will not be disappointed with the storyline and gameplay!"
76561198151924381,Recommended,536220,28493829,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Nasty Dealer,Amazing game. Great way to tie in the events of whatever ending you got of season 2 and something new.
,Recommended,536220,28493880,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,菊千代,more interesting than tv show
76561198065977773,Recommended,536220,28493885,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ę͙̼͓̳͕̰̭͎̟ͬͮͩͥ͞,"A really good game in the telltale ineup, especially after some mixed ones recently. The gameplay  that switches between clementine and javi is great for the story and defenetly a must have if you have enjoyed the series so far"
76561198145397509,Recommended,536220,28493889,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sgt_Fallout,Just finished the first two episodes. I love it so far but I am dissapointed about the flashbacks that happen with Clem. The Kenny flashback is really bad.
76561198042614737,Recommended,536220,28493892,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Krazygamer2,"I've played the walking dead since season one, i remember when Lee first met Clementine, and i remember playing through each episode and seeing how each choice shaped how clementine should treat others and how she should survive, and i especially remember when Lee gave his live to save her, and playing season 2 was one of the most emotional games i have ever played, and it shows by how clementine acts, wat she says and does, is shaped by everything lee did and said, and the ending of the second season was very sad for me, to continue this story is a privilege, and i may not have gotten to play as clementine for a second time, but i recommend playing this game after playing the first two by not playing the previous seasons you will miss out important details that you need to understand the game and story. My hope is in clementine, i recommend this game 100%"
76561198311400883,Recommended,536220,28493898,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Popytuts,"I'm glad to say so far, so good."
,Recommended,536220,28493936,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Frydryk,This game is great. I love to see how much people side with the older characters and how well the story blends together it could possibly be a masterpeice.
,Recommended,536220,28493937,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,✪ princejesus,"I love it, Clementine so badass. :Clementine:"
76561198218463491,Recommended,536220,28522132,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BryanLeng223,"Finished the two episodes, shot Conrad of course, for holding Clem hostage. Clem left.Second run, wanted Clem to stay, accepted Conrad's plan.Sorry Clem, but I just can't let you leave.I'm sure we'll figure out a away to deal with Conrad again."
,Recommended,536220,28799899,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Champagne,"Been waiting for this for a couple of years. I played two episodes so far and I am NOT DISSAPOINTED.The story is amazing. I like how we get to be with Clementine instead of controlling her again. And the story just keeeps on sucking you in into Javi and Clementine's feeling. So much shock, so much drama. I cant wait to see the rest of the season.Clementine is getting prettier.Please dont die ever."
76561198153490857,Recommended,536220,28805088,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,WoTCrudes,"This game just have it all; Good/rich story, entertaining, shocking and has a absolutely awesome adventure!Feel bad for Kenny's death and not be able to play as Clementine, but the main character, ""Javi"" is actually pretty goodThe voice acting and the graphics is very good and makes the game even better. Can't wait for episode 3, 4 & 5This game is worth checking out and I will guarantee you, you will enjoy playing it, if you have played Season 1 & 210/10"
,Recommended,536220,28805149,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The__Goblin__King,"An excellent addition to the Walking Dead series by Telltale. Not as much Clementine as in the past, or as I would have liked, but the game itself still manages to keep you wondering: What will the next cliffhanger be, and what is that curious, growling-moaning noise coming from right over there, just around the corner out of sight?Did a playthrough of the first episodes and enjoyed it greatly. They are here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwbxJG303NK5pHckYuVNwOBWa7O8JeVgp"
,Recommended,536220,28837081,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,✯ Archangel,"Thank you,Telltale,I really like your game,they really complete freedom to the player! All games suggest he Telltale,especially through its series game the Walking Dead from the first season,it really is worth it,this is exactly what you should spend your money. I really liked season 3, Xavi,Clem,Gabriel,Marie,Kate - they really sit in my head,like Lee,Kenny,Omid,Luke,Nick, and others. Thank you!"
,Recommended,536220,28927544,Posted: 1 January,all,fr0st,"Episode 1 and 2 done and so far it's a 7/10. Javier and his family are interesting, if a little annoying at first.What I don't understand is the weird decision to shift the player perspective from Clementine in seasons 1 and 2 to Javier in season 3. Some of Javier's decisions directly pit Clem's interests and well-being against <random character we've known for six minutes>. Who would possibly choose to sacrifice/harm their personalized Clem character for two seasons in these scenarios?Also worth mentioning is a guest appearance by my favorite ridiculously impractical dresser from the show and comics."
,Recommended,536220,28921372,Posted: 1 January,all,HOMIK,Same as previous seasons - TWD is one of the best games with good history. I can't wait till we get 3rd episode.
76561197963828638,Recommended,536220,28842552,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,madsession,"I was a little disappointed at first that there was a whole new story and felt cheated that it didnt continue where it left off. But now after playing the first two episodes, I have really started to like the new characters and that Clementine still has a part beside you. Im looking forward to the rest of the episodes and hope they give us some more flashbacks as to what happend in the missing years of Clementines life."
,Recommended,536220,28897121,Posted: 1 January,all,oMaMori,1/1/2017 4:03AMEpisode 1 and 2 is only episode's.But here is personal break down points.story - 8/10game paly - 7/10music - 9/10connection - too soon to give a points. But very nice of different point a view.not only focus on old story but add lots of new people with connections.I love it.Give it a try!!Not bad at all.
76561198122770095,Recommended,536220,28887999,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Macho Man Randy Xvideos.gov,Its Amzing just like always but really dissapointing seeing how the episodes keep getting shorter and shorter. I understand they are going up vastly in visual and animation quality but i really do miss the long 2 hour+ episodes we used to get especially because we are paying the same for shorter episodes. Finally i think thats its pretty unfair to say that it was to tense to just give you episde one on release so they gave us two episodes when if they where both one episode in season one it would have been just silghtley longer than a normal episde and it wouldve been really nice even if the rest of the episodes are one hour you made 1&2 just episode 1 and made it a mega episode. Anyway thats just me rambing about how im dissapointed that they are making these episodes shorter eatch iteration.
,Recommended,536220,28888352,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MarHutchyJA,I love it so far! The story continues brilliantly by throwing another POV in the mix. Can't wait for episode 3!
76561198337733740,Recommended,536220,28866545,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Retro01,Well it's finally here the walking dead season 3. In past I have played the previous parts of walking dead series and they are all beyond Awesome and earned the title of legendary games. One of the best part of the series is that you will feel very attachement with other characters and unlike other games its main focus is on story telling and how every character has it's own unique story. The walking dead season 3 is quite good and I love it because Telltale are now connecting the story with the original tv series. It's quite good because this time we will play as Javier a new character who is like I need to save my family type of guy which is quite interesting to see and clemintine is fully grown and she is badass.From my point of view thie game is cool but the walking dead series is talking a huge turn and gambling its reputation with this season.
,Recommended,536220,28810993,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SprayAndPray,"Love this game so much i will actually play this game over and over again. The epsiodes are short, but that is the only complaint i can give this game. The graphics are great and playing as Javier seemed like a bad idea since eeryone was so attached to Clem, but holy facking shiat it was a ood idea. I can't wait for the next episodes and I recommend getting this game right now!"
76561198296233182,Recommended,536220,28879449,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KCB Gaming,love this game feels like im in it
76561198170448926,Recommended,536220,28857368,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,'The Falling Soldier',"Amazing. Purely amazing.Please take into consideration that you will be playing much more as Javi rather than Clem, so if you don't like that this probably isn't for you.That's not to say she isn't felt in the story; she plays a large role that is too big to spoil.Now for the flashbacks. People have very mixed reviews about the first flashback, and you'll have to make that judgement when you play it. Personally, I got the Jane one and it is so tragic.As for Javier, he is a very fleshed out and interesting character with an interesting backstory.Definitely going to be a wild ride."
,Recommended,536220,28844734,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Capt'n Joe,"I've only played the first episode for my channel and I gotta say I love this game! Before I continue with episode 2 though, I'm going to play through all the prior Walking Dead Telltale games so I:1:Don't let any of the references go over my head.2:Catch up on a great story so far.Can't wait for season 4! :)"
,Recommended,536220,28885063,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MysticScribe,I really miss the focus on Clem but so far I'm enjoying playing as Javi. He's interesting and I like his devotion to his family (although Kate throwing herself at him over and over again is tiring). I look forward to learning more about him. It's not as great as the previous seasons and it's a little disappointed how your choices from seasons 1 and 2 don't seem to make a difference now but I still enjoy it.
,Recommended,536220,28956095,Posted: 2 January,all,KellyJane,"So far, so good! The combat system in this seems to rely a little more on keyboard and less on mouse, which I'm all for (since not having a constant cursor on the screen often leads to panic when trying to respond to a mouse-based quicktime event!) and the story so far is pretty solid. The cliffhanger at the end of Episode 2 was a good one to leave you wanting more!Eagerly awaiting Episode Three!"
76561198209322847,Recommended,536220,28654488,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,91gtabird,Third times a charm.
76561198352227504,Recommended,536220,28559903,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,silena.07,This new Walking Dead game is much more than I expected. Even better than the previousI made a gameplay video guys :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgMGwQoyoAw&t=480s
76561198045348196,Recommended,536220,28550023,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Liam_Neeson,"** Spoiler Alert**Whoo! Its finally here!  I absolutely LOVE the Walking dead series.  They seem to have done a really good job with it so far. Only got the first episode done right now.  Im sure the next episodes coming will be amazing.  I wish they had a little more clementine, of course its only natural to keep focus on Javier since he is a very main character.  I really do not like how they killed off Kenny in the way that they did....Clementine accidentally crashing the car with Kenny flying out the windshield.  He didnt even die with dignity.  Its sad but it is what it is.  Kenny was and has been a favorite character of mine throughout the series.  Yes, he was an a**hole at times and had fits with the groups he was in.  But he was a guy that when it came to the serious important things in life, he seemed to always put himself aside and look out for the interests of others and that's what counts.  Anyways, definetely suggest this game to people who have enjoyed playing through Seasons 1 and 2."
,Recommended,536220,28547666,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,mightybaseplate (9 inches),Clementine drives javi back. wut
,Recommended,536220,28550745,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Doll,"I'm not sure if this game in the series will have as much of an emotional impact on me as the first one did, but I really do enjoy the characters and the plot so far. So even if it doesn't I have no doubt that this game will provide me with entertainment and some heartbreak regardless. Plus CLEM IS BACK!!! YAYYY!!!"
,Recommended,536220,28560778,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Baeb-Ayae-Gh'aa,"i like the new character, yes javier and his family. i really enjoyed this game so much telltale never make me disappoint, and our hero clementine she is so damn cool she is growing up so fast, lee must be so proud of her really."
,Recommended,536220,28548715,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,YuYuHasuko™,"Free the pains for Kenny to let Jane survive and finally you let her suicide,nice Telltale,very nice.But still love Clem,she is a strong girl now."
76561198146621591,Recommended,536220,28548833,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Richard,I loved the game so far my only complaint is that teh episodes felt short.
76561198119032473,Recommended,536220,28549030,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MattSquared,From someone who has played the first and second game before I think that it has really been improved. They made it look so much nicer and smoother. I just finished the first episode and I cant wait to see what happens next. Amazing story
,Recommended,536220,28575813,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Azhureus,"Only two thing I will tell you here, I barely start to play the game and I know it will be fun for me, another thing is....PUBERTY, U ARE DOING IT RIGHT WITH CLEMENTINE :-*"
,Recommended,536220,28575866,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,triskelions,it's lit
,Recommended,536220,28638799,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,No money no honey,"A pretty biased recommendation. I would only buy it if you were already invested into the Walking Dead series and a big fan of Telltale games. However, the game as a standalone from just the first episode is pretty mediocre compared to their previous works.Unjustified character deaths and decisions just don't feel like they have an impact. Also, the decisions are slightly awkward in the way they were presented. Hopefully there will be more time to better develop the characters as the series goes on. The game events feels rushed and unlike the previous installments, it does not produce the feeling of a grand adventure or as if you're traveling alongside your characters.With that said, if you're already debating whether to wait for a sale or for all the episodes to come out then i can safely say that you won't be missing on much by doing so.7.5/10 - Episode 1"
,Recommended,536220,28613641,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,"hello darkness, my old friend...","Damn man, this game is as expected so far so good! Characters are well tought, different personalities and I just get that feeling of ""The Walking Dead"" ! :)P.S : its good to have Tripp look like Kenny, a familiar face.. I am curious if we are gonna find out what happend to him or also that Baby (AJ) in the flashback..10.1/10 (♥♥♥♥ the system xD)"
76561197983661417,Recommended,536220,28579401,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hans Brix,"Game's good, yo."
,Recommended,536220,28708802,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✪ Ace,Amazing game unfortantly your choices from s2 dont make a diffrence in s3 but other than that i reccomend it this game also has huge plot twist .... cant wait for episode 3
,Recommended,536220,28715948,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Technologic,"Always gonna love it, cos I'm a walking dead fan boy"
76561198144446011,Recommended,536220,28717309,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TRUMP,Very good game with a very rich story. can't wait for more seasons to come out soon
76561198142603406,Recommended,536220,28700108,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ricky,"So this game so far has a great story, but a few things bother me. They made it so you are with another group and you play as Javi, I think, but I wish we could continue on from where season 2 ended. It seemed like in the last game they killed off too many people to make a full fledged sequel to it. They basically got rid of everyone except for Clementine. And they could have kept kenny but they chose the most lazy death for him ever: a car crash. I really thought before this game came out that we would be able to play as kenny for a season. And another thing is that Clementine isnt the sweetheart that we knew and loved in season 1 or 2 but she seems less unique. She just seems like an adult in the game, and i dont like that she is a part of the new frontier either, it dosent suit her and makes her more vulnerable for death. And the kid named Gabe needs to go. all in all the gameplay and graphics are good, the story is good concidering its kinda a new environment to the player."
76561198137171590,Recommended,536220,28698927,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FourGrove,Awesome Story!
,Recommended,536220,28494389,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,eziowith550ti,Just finished the first episode ! and well after that I was just glued to the screen and like what the heck did I just experienced.The chills the older WD gave are back <3 *_*
,Recommended,536220,28494460,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Feralghoul,Just finished both episodes that started the season and i must say that i can't wait for the rest. if you've played any other the previous games then you'll feel right at home. just be ready to be shocked and tears.
76561198160750417,Recommended,536220,28494483,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,q u a k e r   o a t s,So far so good.Also Javier is cooler than I expected
76561198233424580,Recommended,536220,28494534,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Stealth Vibe,Telltale back at it again with a story-rich masterpiece. 11/10
,Recommended,536220,28494609,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KingdomAce,So pleased with the game thus far. I dreamt of finding out what happens afterr Season 2 and now I've started to see. I cant wait to see what Episodes 3-5 hold. Episodes1-2 are just as tense and exciting as I hoped!
,Recommended,536220,28494680,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,bannawit_555,"I realised that it was 20th December and came to Steam immediately to check if this game had already been released.I was lucky enough to get a 10% off only 20 minutes before the game was available for playing.In all honesty, Telltales' The Walking Dead series has been one of my favourite game franchises of all time so obviously I had pretty high hope for this new instalment. However, the first 2 episodes kind of disappointed me a little bit. I stayed out of almost all the marketing material so I had no idea we were going to play as a lead, Javi, this time round. Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying the story is not intense or the new charcters are not interesting. It just felt strange to play as a completely new character when we had known Clementine, who was awesome in the first 2 episodes by the way, for so long. We get a chance to play as Clem from time to time but it is not enough in my opinion. The story itself is not at its best (just yet). Although some shocking scenes are pretty great as usual, unfortunately I'm not invested entirely in the plot.Despite complaining about stuff a lot, I do recommend you play this game. Most things you are familiar with are still on par. Let's just hope that things get messier and more intense in the next episodes or I would be REALLY disappointed."
76561198072557976,Recommended,536220,28494696,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,AWM_darkhelmet,"So far it's really good as expected from Telltale, but I still prefer seasons 1 and 2, but this season is only 2 episodes in and everything can always change. I highly reccomend for Telltale TWD or even TWD fans as a whole. Graphics are nothing special, but its supposed to resemble a comic and it does that fairly well."
76561198010365286,Recommended,536220,28494812,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Reco,Garrus Vakarian is in the game.10/10
,Recommended,536220,28494901,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,nguyenhu,Another classic so far from Telltale! 10/10P.S. Clementine is a savaaaaaagee
,Recommended,536220,28495135,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DoubleD,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is good. I didn't expect the new character ""Javi"" to be so good! But, yet, he still is! At the time of writing this, only two Episodes have come out. The storyline seems interesting, and it will be well worth the wait. There are some graphical bugs, and sometimes the mouths don't sync up with the words, but it's no biggie. It's still really awesome, and has all the elements from the previous games."
,Recommended,536220,28495142,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Stultus4913,"I, so far, have only played Episode 1, and i can already say this game is AMAZING! There are a few bugs that ive seen that arent too serious, but the game is still amazing so far. If you are thinking about buying this game, I HIGHLY reccomend it!"
76561198243405690,Recommended,536220,28495212,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,MattyMorris19,even tho clem is not a playable character im still loving this game
76561198087543896,Recommended,536220,28495250,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Motherfudger_666,"Glad I know to ignore the legions of whiny neysayers out there. Yes there's a new playable protaganist but it works. Clem is still a central character. They took some chances with the layout and mechanics of this game but it works, I'm happy with it so far. And your previous season choices are present in the game. 10/10 so far."
76561198019153035,Recommended,536220,28495286,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Boomhauer,"I love this series, but honestly, I was looking forward to playing more as Clem, I was hoping it would be a split like Tales from the borderlands. But it seems they're leaving her story as more of a backburner, I was really invested in clem as I've played through the first two, I'm feeling slightly unsure of how I feel about this, but Javier is alright, The story seems to not have as many meaningful choices in it either, nothing really for building relationships, just alot of death before attachment to characters, I'm like.. Oh thats sad, but honestly losing someone from the main group who was with you forever really did it to me, except Sarah, I didn't care for Sarah *Spoilers*The kenny part was sad though, I was really upset to see him go like he did after everything."
,Recommended,536220,28495302,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Nyde,Clem's back and more badass what more you want?!Plus Javier keeps getting better through the story!
76561198065634631,Recommended,536220,28495314,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ne✗,Clem as a mother♥♥♥♥ing baddas and Jesus straight outta comicbook <3
76561198245076412,Recommended,536220,28495359,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,xmaskitty20,I finished episode 2 and 1 i am sad about not playing clem but javi is fun to play to so far i love the game cant wait for episode 3 hope it comes out soon
,Recommended,536220,28518929,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TrentB43,"After finished episode 1 and 2 in one sitting, I can say that this is going to be a great game when finished, and it is a great game right now. Buy it you won't regret it.Javier is a really likeable character and, if I'm being honest, more likeable than I thought he'd be. While I do wish you could play as Clem more,outside of having flashbacksJavier is a great character. And so is the supporting cast thus far. The story is also pretty good so far, but damnthe ending of episode 2...I'm also happy that Telltale released Episode 1 and 2 on launch day, but the episodes were a little short. I'm hoping that the later episodes are a bit longer"
76561198066624944,Recommended,536220,28495725,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Suzukaze Aoba,"I wanted to pay more Clementine but this game is a 10/10 like the rest of the seasons so yeah, buy it, accept the fact that Clementine isnt the protagonist and love this game <3"
76561198301812491,Recommended,536220,28495766,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Malvin,"so...there has been 2 episodes so far nad I must say...THIS IS AWESOME...I wonder what does it change to have save files, 'cause I have been playing this since season 1...Javi is my kind of a character and I can't wait to play more...So hopes up and  ""keep your hair short"""
,Recommended,536220,28494266,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bongo0070,"As a disclamer to those buying this game, its more of the same but better and all the episodes are available to play NOW."
,Recommended,536220,28496091,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Zackinblack,90% of the choices you choose are going to be related to clementine in this game
76561198271339527,Recommended,536220,28496197,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jacob,"Episode 1 is a great start to a new season of Walking Dead. action-packed and heart wrenching.Pros: New characters, New Settings and improved Graphics.Cons: Still have to wait for each episode which is annoying, Choices seem to matter less."
76561197967245932,Recommended,536220,28496241,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Raxxa,"Short but good quality, must buy if WD fan."
,Recommended,536220,28496320,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Crash,10/10. nuff said
,Recommended,536220,28496362,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dxj Raqin,"Well, (SPOILER)............................THERE WAS A F'IN REASON I LET JENNY DIE IN SEASON 2.... SO I could play with Kenny a little more. BUT NO, developers had to kill him."
76561198166186785,Recommended,536220,28496750,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Agrow,Game of the year for sure
,Recommended,536220,28496869,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kenn eh D,I finished episode 1 and 2 the only ones playable atm and I gotta say TellTales sure did their homework and the wait was really worth it I cannot wait to continue with my playthrough and my viewers on my stream really love it as well. If you loved season 1 & 2 PICK UP A NEW FRONTIER AS SOON AS YOU CAN!
76561198074173550,Recommended,536220,28497136,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,moodude34,"There has only been two episodes, now I know that people are saying that theyre shorter than usual. it took me roughly three and a half hours for both episodes combined. While I wish that they were longer because theyre really good, I think that telltale has seen the feedback so far, and because that TWD is the series that really made them what they are today, they will make them longer.So far the game has been great. Strong story. Good character development like usual. The only thing I have to say that is missing is that you dont play as Clemintine enough. And also how short the flashbacks are to the decisions you made in season 1 & 2. Other than that I would reccomend the game to anyone who enjoys the stuff that telltale puts out. Expecially if you are a previous fan of their TWD series. I will be changing my review after each episode."
76561197984070096,Recommended,536220,28497153,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Drakkos,"First episode ripped my guts out.   Episodes seem shorter than before, but the writing and plot and characterisation is as sharp as ever."
,Recommended,536220,28497177,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tenken,Cool story so far but the Episodes are a lot shorter than the other seasons.
76561198198729626,Recommended,536220,28497241,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,MrMassiveNuts69,"I played S1 & S2 and when I saw this was announced, I was so excited. A series well worth the money paid for it. Really looking forward to Ep 3 4 & 5."
76561198276139873,Recommended,536220,28497268,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,islandguy96,"Long time TWD fan, I thought the whole Javier thing might have been a poor choice but i was soooo wrong. Telltale and TWD continue to deliver pushing story and character development to new heights. If you liked Season's 1 & 2, are a fan of TWD, or a just a fan of a great story you'll like this too."
,Recommended,536220,28497699,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SpiffyBard,Feels like its kinda short. Ive already finished both the episodes in under 3 hours. I was expecting maybe around 4 or 5 hours for the first two. Not really a problem just a little faster paced than I would have thought.
,Recommended,536220,28497317,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Solid Snek,Waiting on next episode simulator 2016.
,Recommended,536220,28497811,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Grayko,Just...damn. All I have to say. Buy this game! (Thanks for the birthday present TellTale!)
76561197968418192,Recommended,536220,28493309,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Liv,Clementine is back and she's AWESOME! Finally the wait is over.
,Recommended,536220,28493377,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jesus,This is just amazing!
76561198068371434,Not Recommended,536220,28541107,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,l.shanksy,"Good game, by itself, will frustrate fans with Clementines current personality changes, regardless of previous choices and a flashback(deals with timeskip) that was a cop-out. Temper your expectations and you'll find a compelling game. For fans, I'd recommed a sale."
76561198077288033,Recommended,536220,28533301,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Bongbastic,"The first two episodes of Season 3 A New Frontier was mind-blowing with its new graphics, new characters and detailed environment. In my opinion, Telltale has raised its quality again since its installment from Season 1 (despite being the best by far due its originality). Particularly, I applaud to how Telltale develops Javier's storyline which easily drawn me into the characters, besides the flashback of how they portrayed Clem's past events. Javier somewhat resembles Lee in the way he becomes the de facto leader in the group and calls for decision. Also, I'm glad to see Clem back as a signature heroine from the Telltale franchise given that her character becomes more matured and BADASS in general. I'm sure both Javier and Clem are going to make a good team. Decision making by far does have more significance to the 'butterfly effect'. Despite being a little short for the episodes (~1 hour), I still think that Telltale has done a decent job in delivering the story in a concise, impactful way. I hope there are more SURPRISES ahead for the remaining episodes 3-5.Cheers =)"
,Recommended,536220,28533610,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Chloe Price,Oh i gave this a bad review becausethe killed kenny/jane badlygrow up all of you the full game isnt even out yet
76561198061391797,Recommended,536220,28529941,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Randymj,Best game ever!
76561198184287569,Recommended,536220,28531137,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Scarce188,The game is good just getting a new pc so the game doesn't lag so much so I don't always die.
,Recommended,536220,28531143,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"For me, this is the best Walking Dead experience I could have hoped for. Let me explain.First of all, the new engine works great. Better shading, almost no clunky animations and even the UI feels different in a good way. The story is strong and your choices feel like they matter. Even though that's not really the case for big choices. You lose some, you win some!Secondly, this is way better than the boring season of the walking drama! As a guy who watched all the episodes till now, I can't seem to remember anything else instead of a good antagonist and an action pact first episode. What I want to say with this is that the pacing in the game feel right, unlike the series.I have only played the first two episodes... And I already have much more to talk about then I would have with a full season of the walking drama. So, if you like the walking dead, and don't like the unnessessary drama, play this!"
76561198065220941,Not Recommended,536220,28518763,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MustangNinjas,"Alright, so my first review when episodes one and two came out was positive and optimistic. I was hopeful that, even though season three started off rocky, Telltale would listen to fan complaints and fix it.Episode three ruined that.It's now clear that Telltale caught lightning in a bottle with thier first season of TWD, and every subsequent episode after S1 E5 has been them trying to rekindle what made the first season so amazing. Episode three of season three is cliched, poorly written, and provides the usual Telltale choices - that is, either they don't matter, or the obviously sensible choice comes back to bite you in some contrived way because of Telltale's sense of ""moral highground."" Not to mention that this is the least interactive Telltale episode I've ever played in terms of gameplay. It might as well be an hour-long cutscene. The episode is also insultingly short to top off it's abysmal payoff for the buildup of the first two episodes. It is clear that Telltale learned absolutly nothing from the fan complaints about the first two episodes. The lack of effort or care put into this season is both suprising and disappointing. They have a veritable goldmine here, and still squander it. Make no mistake - these season three episodes are some of the death throes of Telltale. The studio is in much need of a wakeup call. That is why this will be the last Telltale product I buy until the quality of Telltale games increases. Until I can make meaningful choices and carve out my own story again, I will not touch a Telltale game. Funnily enough, I'm the last of my friends to do this. I tried to hold out hope until the end of season three, but I can't do it anymore. I've run out of excuses to make for Telltale.TLDR; Stay away from this product. Don't buy it. You'll be disappointed, and end up feeding money to a game company that is not longer itself and that no longer lives up to its original promise - that ""This game series adapts to the choices you make. The story is tailored to how you play."" To say it rings hollow does it too much credit."
,Recommended,536220,28510729,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jon,"The backlash at this game is greatly exaggerated and pretty misleading in my opinion. It just doesn't warrant a thumbs-down. I'd like to respond to a few of the common criticisms:1. ""It's too short / It's much shorter than previous seasons"" - Not by any significant amount. There's about 9 hours worth of gameplay in season 1 (depending on how fast you solve some puzzles), 8 hours in season 2. And thus far, there's over 4 hours in the first 3 episodes of season 3, so averaging these we'd expect 7-8 hours in season 3 as well.The small change in playtime has largely resulted because this season has been streamlined to focus more on getting to the main point fast with less parts where you can walk around freely and explore or solve puzzles. I personally prefer this as I'm only playing the Telltale games for the story and characters and don't like having my time wasted.Play the earlier seasons again and you'll see that the actual story and amount of dialogue isn't actually any longer. Some may prefer having more puzzles and such in these games in order to drag them out. If you're one of those people, you may dislike the newer seasons. (Dreamfall Chapters is your game) But if you like to get to the story fast, this is a marked improvement.2. ""Not enough Clementine / You're not playing enough as Clementine"" - First of all we don't know how much she appears in the next episodes (one episode even appears to put a focus on her). Secondly, this is doing a disservice to Javi, the current protagonist. I'm really enjoying playing as him - as much as Clem in season 2. New protagonist keeps things fresh and interesting. Clem shouldn't become invincible and eternal. She's been there for 2 seasons and we know her life's story already. Leave room for some new characters to grow as well.3. ""The plot is lackluster / characters are uninteresting"" - Wholefully disagree. It's as good as most other Telltale games out there and the characters are great. Spoiler, episode 3:I really enjoyed the bonding moments with David, Tripp, Clem, etc. and I don't see them as any less interesting than previous characters in the series. In fact I'd argue they're better than most, like e.g. all the disposable people in season 2 we barely got to know, or everyone who died off early in season 1 or just made a cameo.My only complaint thus far is the way they handledKenny/Jane's deaths. At least Jane's death was out-of-place and went counter to her character in season 2. Overall it blatantly disregards choices in season 2. Not even giving the illusion of choices mattering."
,Recommended,536220,28688957,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dindu nuffin,Best walking dead yet in terms of gameplay and graphics.
,Recommended,536220,28733619,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rocket Redfern,"some people have likened this series to watching/playing through a movie. i have to say, as a genre, horror is my least favourite, somewhere near rom-coms. stereotyped teens running around in a loud, gory morality fest. kids have the worst taste. the draw about these games is not in the tense surprise scares, though it does them well. its in the fully fleshed out characters and believable situations (the irony of zombies is not lost on me) that they are put through. the timer for important descisions reflects the brevity we all have to try and make a difference or be ourselves. this is in many ways better than a movie. this is a choose your own adventure. this is a cultural artifact that i encourage everyone to play"
,Recommended,536220,28513968,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,frey,"If you're like me and have played all of telltales TWD games than you probably was a little cautious about this game because of new characters. (Or it could just be me) This game is THE definition of not judging a book by its cover. Javier has grown to become one of my favorite characters in the whole franchise. Of course Clementine is Clementine the badass little girl (not so little anymore) of the group. Everything in this game I like so far and its pacing is very good! Season 2's pacing was a little slow but that's not the case in Season 3. The New Frontier is also a very interesting group aswell. You do find out what happened with AJ and Clem between Season 2 and 3, I won't go into detail as you will have to experience that for yourself. My Verdict is this game is very very good I would highly recommend this game! If you're a big TWD fan I highly recommend to pick this game up!"
76561198092563412,Recommended,536220,28719223,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Chillbacca,A worthy addition to the Walking Dead series.
76561198351965600,Recommended,536220,28689491,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,cjdecamp,"Great Game. The characters, story, and general atmosphere of the game is terrific. Clementine is amazing, as to be expected, and I actually care about and like Javi and his family, which came as a surprise to me. But the greatest part of this third season has been the choices. The choices this season have been more difficult and complicated than they ever have been before, leaving you to question your decisions well after you've turned off yours PC. With plenty of great characters, and a story that has actually intrigued me, I cannot wait to see where A New Frontier is going and where it ends up."
,Recommended,536220,28541352,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Picardon,"I've played both previous versions before so I'm going to compare it to those.Storywise: You are now playing as ""Javier"", a newly-introduced character. Before getting into it, there's a little introduction into his background before you're out on the road in the middle of the apocalypse with parts of his family, trying to survive every day just like everyone in the previous games. Unfortunate circumstances cause him to get separated from his family. But guess who you're gonna meet then...Pros:- Better graphics, it feels way more comfortable while playing- Improved game mechanics to make quick-time events a (tiny) little more diverse- Interesting new characters, as well as story - it was easy to build a liking (or the opposite) on people in the game and hard to stop playing- The design of the menu is more appealing- They released two episodes rather than one on the first day- new zombie models and better ""model"" diversity in general - finally not the same ones all the timeCons:- Movement feels a little clunky compared to the older versions- Unsatisfying integration of previous choices and very short sum-ups of what happened with the characters of Season Two, plus displeasing outcomes of their fatesKenny dies in a car crash and gets eaten by zombies. A car crash. What the actual ♥♥♥♥? How can you end a major, major and OP cool, awesome character in a 1 minute sequence like that? That's something for a Star Trek redshirt, not Kenny!!!- Performance-wise there are lots of times where the game ""freezes"" for fractions of a second, which gets very annoying over time (high-end or not)- No discount for ""loyal"" players (not a big point, but I'd have appreciated it, regardless of the amount)- Very short play time, about 1 hour for an episode, which is unacceptable in my eyes, since the price is the same as for the previous games.To summarize, it's still a must-buy for players of the previous versions, and I would recommend to play them before getting this one. For everyone else, it's clear to me that the negative points DON'T outweigh the fun I've had with this game so far, so go get it. It's good (perhaps on sale though?)."
,Recommended,536220,28513586,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ewing,"Humanity can go to hell. I play this game for only three words, ""Clementine will remember""."
76561198106314475,Recommended,536220,28532882,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,✪ Zor,Amazing. I love the walking dead games from telltale. So far i really like the Season 3 there are only 2 Episodes but the other coming soon. Everyone who loves this type of games BUY & ENJOY .
76561198309107987,Recommended,536220,28532909,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CatBacon,"Season 3 of The Walking Dead. Where do I begin? Well if you've played any of telltale games then you probably will not be reading this review as buying The Walking Dead season 3 will be a no brainer. For those of you who are new to telltale and the Walking Dead series I would highly suggest not googleing or youtubing any videos or reviews as spoilers can literally SPOIL these games. Instead download season 1 and 2 of the walking dead if you want tog et the most out of season 3. Hell, it can even kill time when waiting for each episode to be released.The whole first two episodes presents you with Clementine as a 13 year old girl or Young women and its really interesting to see her juxtaposition with Gabe. Both similar ages yet judging by their actions and behavior, you would guess clem is a fully grown women while Gabe actually acts his age.SO far ive played the first two episodes and I can't wait for the others to come! Bring it on telltale!"
,Recommended,536220,28557514,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Fubuki,"The build and the wait was worth it.Buuuuuuut, Clem isn't the major playable so that's sad."
76561198071056288,Recommended,536220,28687585,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TexasJonFilms,"I was a little disapointed at first not playing as Clementine, and learning that the game discarded the choices made in Season 2 kind of bummed me out as well. However getting to return to the story and see Clementine again is great and I'm looking forward to seeing where this season takes her."
,Not Recommended,536220,28643498,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Piscian,"I'm putting this is as negative review for the time being. Just going to list the problems. If possible when these get resolved I'll switch to positive.1. Could not even get it to load on Windows 7. Parameter error, updated windows and followed the user guilds for fix nothing worked.2. Changing the resolution crashed the game in windows 10 had to reinstall.3. Game has kind of buggy animation.Opinionated complaints1. Walking Dead Season 2 was triumple in storytelling. It was bleak and every single choice seemed earth shattering. This one just doesnt seem to have the same emotional weight. I found myself not really caring about the new protagonist. The final available episode had a neat cliffhanger however. I'm sticking with it. I said opinionated because that last oen is minor. I'm just disappointed in the direction they took."
,Recommended,536220,28653583,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lord Commissar Drac,Emotions hitting it hard as usual
,Recommended,536220,28654794,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr. Faust,This season makes me VERY loyal to clem
,Recommended,536220,28616752,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Solam,Very good but shorter than before. 7/10
,Recommended,536220,28495214,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ツ Mr Guitto #Life'sABitch,"Oh god, where did yesterday go? Very good game"
,Not Recommended,536220,28510191,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Devi,"[EDIT:]Finally brought myself to finish the game. I did feel like it got better towards the end in some ways, but the overall impression remains disappointing.Whenever characters get backed into a corner, the entire cast still throws a massive childish tantrum despite everything they've supposedly already went through. Conflict is there for the sake of conflict, and the writing quality jumps from scene to scene - backstory dialogues are better fleshed out, whereas all the other dialogue still reads like really bad, really cringy fanfiction (especially baffling considering you have something like 5 writers per episode, WTF?). A lot of deaths, due to a total lack of foresight of everyone involved, are absolutely stupid in the best tradition of TWD and could've been easily prevented. The morality is forced down your throat by the rest of the cast who only think in black in white. Clementine's walking fan service - cut her out of the story, and most of it won't change.It's also the buggiest Telltale game I've played to this day. I've had characters teleport in and out of place randomly, textures flicking all over the place, and dead characters randomly showing up during cutscenes like it's nothing.It's a giant, glitter coated turd. It's not the worst game in existence by any means (it's quite good in places, in fact, and the music is awesome), but by Telltale standards they've already set with their earlier games?... Egh. At least wait for sale if you decide to buy it.[/]There's enough positive reviews out there. I'll talk about the negative things only, and why I, personally, would really recommend to either wait a bit for the rest of the episodes to come out, or wait for the eventual sale. For me, SO FAR, none of the hype paid off. I'll explain why.First of all, each episode seems to be only about an hour long. The story is badly paced with about a gajillion of things happening at once. Furthermore, there's not enough time to familiarize yourself with any of the new characters to the point that you really don't give a flying f*** about anyone except for people like Clem (who's been around long enough for the player to establish some sort of emotional attachment). Dialogue is awkward and buggy, animation is still wonky, the story events are painfully cliche - everything you've already seen and heard in the TV show, you'll see and hear here. The characters are freaking out and acting like neurotic imbeciles as if the apocalypse happened yesterday, just for the sake of rehashing the same old drama.Of course, if you don't care that much about how ""engaging"" the story is, you might find yourself enjoying ANF for what it is... But then again, each episode so far is literally an hour long, which is, apparently, something that Telltale made a habit out of as of late. You've been warned - take it or leave it. I'll update the review should things change for the better, but I'm not holding my breath."
,Recommended,536220,28850825,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ScaryGiraffe [LP],"Great game, great story, I love it, it didn't work for me at the start but once I got to know the charectors and the game didn't crash the first 5 min into it, it was good!"
,Recommended,536220,32736489,Posted: 24 June,all,Walter White,My Walking dead experienceS1 the walking Tears..S2 tears...S3 Walking..............................................................................................................(Muertos) (Biters) (Creepers) (Geeks) (Roamers) (Walkers) (Meat Puppets)Great story Short one. I relized zombies are getting weak there skin is disolving..would recommend this game 7/10
,Not Recommended,536220,33286668,Posted: 5 July,all,Dutch,"The Walking Coincidence: A New Coincidence is the latest and arguably worst installment of Telltale's TWD series. The game has great characters who have great potential for character development but don't really get any. Predictable twists and turns with both story and characters.I'm not certain, but I'm willing to bet the writer for this game is a landwhale from Tumblr with a dyed undercut. Mostly because the writing was♥♥♥♥♥♥and for some reason we had to coach the badass little girl we played the last games as on how to handle a ♥♥♥♥ing period. Really?Brooding, rude character is nice and dandy to you then a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥out of nowhere, forcing you to do some♥♥♥♥♥♥that will make you sound edgy or like a pushover. Regardless of your choice, the same thing will happen again soon anyway.♥♥♥♥♥♥happens just to prolong the amount of hours you spend in the game, such as a car being stuck in a tunnel, convienent tow truck nearby but wait, there's no jumper cables. No worries, the car right next to it has the cables in the trunk. Then there's Jesus, who is a stranger with potential hostility, but let's not shoot him because hey, he's in the comics/show.I'm still going to recommend this game just because it's The Walking Dead. While it has a ♥♥♥♥ ton of flaws that slow the game down, it isn't all too bad."
,Recommended,536220,33438709,Posted: 10 July,all,bad-fred,"Once again telltale gives us a game filled with big choices and roller coasters of emotions.Everything about this game was great, with the exception of some fps drops with my old fx-8350.8/10 Strongly reccomended"
76561198043220886,Recommended,536220,33205089,Posted: 3 July,all,molotov.,"Episode 1 - Great episode, great introduction to the main character and some of the other characters, the van scene is specially good, in a short scene the writters did an amazing job, they introduced Javi, Kate, Gabe and Mariana, their personalities, their feelings for each other and how they were exaust from all the running around - music, dialogues and characters expressions really helped to set the mood-, from the rest of the episode you have the basics from any adventure game, walk around, grab some items, some good dialogues with npcs, a good scare secene. Just a great episode and is on par with Season 1 and 2.Episode 2 - Hideous episode, putting the main family aside, Tripp, Conrad and Eleanor seems forced, Tripp specially, why that guy likes Javi so much? Javi did some horrible things and he still likes the guy, without any reason at all, no dialogues between the two, no advices, no beer, nothing, just bad written. The rest of the episode seems really rushed, I don't know if it was some corporate trying to push episodes or the fans that are always complaining about the delays, but♥♥♥♥♥♥.. the story was rushed, actions were rushed, everything, they even abandoned the adventure game stuff, no puzzle, no walk around, no funny dialogues with npcs, just a bad episode and it's not on par with even the bad episodes from Season 1 and 2.Episode 3 - Average to bad episode, the main family has some really good dialogues and character development, but the rest of the characters are just rushed and bad written, it seems like the devs wanted to just push some bad generic guys so that the game could have a grand scale, the episode seems rushed - again -, you don't have any break to speak with your group - like you had in the previous games - and that really don't help the other two episodes.Episode 4 - Average episode, the story is just a mess - I got myself thinking &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I think I'm the bad guy..."" plenty of times - but the dialogues with the main family saves the day, sadly you don't have time to get to know the place that you are and that would be really good to set the mood for the episode, you don't know who you are fighting, or what you are fighting for.Episode 5 - Great episode, It's a great closure, because this episode is focused on the good part of the game, the relationship between the main family, a good ending to save this season from being an average game.To sum it up, this game really got hurt because Telltale wanted to make a big game with big scales and stakes, they have to understand that they don't need that, look at Seson 1, it was about 1 little group and it was fantastic, you don't need to follow the tv series, keep it small and with good quality, the game is brilliant when it deals with the relationship of the main family - I would dare to even say it was better than Lee and Clementine sometimes - but when it has to deal with everything else, gameplay, main plot, villains, enemy group, it's just sooo bad, even Clementine is strange sometimes.Grab it on sale and you will not be disappointed."
76561198151727813,Not Recommended,536220,33433333,Posted: 10 July,all,kapitannemo,To start of i want to say that i am a walking dead fan since first game.So to begin with in 3rd part you play as Chavi a new characker clementine is not portagonist you only play as her durnig little flashbacks from ast to explain waht happend after ending season 2 and descibes story background.Is that a bad thning? for me presonally no .Before i go to what i dont like in this one and why i think ist so far worst season of all 3 games i will say that Chavis realtions with his family are well written and thorught little retrospectives at the begining of each episode we learn about his family and him more BUT unfortunetly thats the only one think that this game does well .Story is very fast phased as chavi you canstantly in move to next target in plot. Remember this calm moments in season 1 and 2 when you could jsut wonder around a hub and talk with people to know them better? this doesnt exists here .WHY SHOULD I CARE IF SOME CHARACTER DIES IF I DONT KNOW♥♥♥♥♥♥AOBUT HIM EVEN AFTER 4 FICKING EPISODODES SPEND WITH HIM/HER.Almost every charakter exept for chavi and his family is so badly written there is no time to know them so maybe they are not written and all. Over all stroy has numerous plot holes and bad stroy writting which made my playthrough boring the finale is nowhere hard hitting as season 1 and 2 .I dont want to even mention the illusive choices becouse that was always with us in telltale games .There is a lot of QTE this time in game there is a lot of action with zombies and tense fire fights that makes you feel like your group isnt surviviors but bounch of unkillable heroes with karate skills .So instead of memorable charactkers well writen ploot memorable moments that sticks with you after finishing the game you got poor plot with charakters that you dont even know that are shoting their way throught the zombies and people in call of duty style they dont even care to save ammo seems like its infinite in apocalypse times.So new frontier changed direction and went for all that Michael Bay explosions and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t instead good writing. My heart is crushed right now but i cant recommend this one its not the way the season 1 and 2 was and this very poor writing makes you not care about anyone here expect for clem .All that i loved in season 1 and 2 is not here ... for fans i bet you will play it anyway but it is real shame that new frontier fails almost in everythink that made this series so grate .Telltale turn back form this path please .....
,Recommended,536220,33458637,Posted: 11 July,all,nunu,"I personally really enjoyed this season. The story was great and was full of unexpected turns as usual and I liked the improved,but still the original graphics style.However,there are some negatives to it aswell.In my opinion it is not worth the full price especially compared to the other main seasons. I'd recommend getting it on a discount price if possible simply due to the short 8-9 hour playtime making it the shortest full-length TWD season.I felt like some parts were rushed. At one point I was still in shock of what was going on and the game went on like nothinghappened in the blink of an eye.SPOILEROne example being Kenny,who survived the whole series then getting a 5 minute long rushed flashback and dying.Nonetheless,I'd still recommend this game. Not as great as the previous ones for sure,but still an enjoyable rollercoaster of emotions."
,Not Recommended,536220,33069798,Posted: 30 June,all,Zero!,"Ads in-between every episode. No gameplay, just ""pick this one line of dialogue"" and no meaningful choices. Every ""choice"" has the same outcome. Underpowered, outdated game engine that recycles the same assets every few seconds.More like a slightly interactive movie than a game. I liked the first two in this series. This one is hot garbage."
76561197966105913,Recommended,536220,29235802,Posted: 13 January,all,Revixy,"UPDATE:Due to save game issues prior to the completion of this game, I had recommended everyone to prevent playing this game until it was done.Now that it is I can personally recommend this title as it runs perfectly and save game problems isn't and shouldn't be an issue anymore.Great ending of a game as well btw, well done recovering from what looked pretty grim Telltale.Best The Walking Dead from telltale to date.Video playlist below of full playthrough:( keep in mind that older episodes were running badly compared to when episode 4 and 5 had become available and had been optimized. )https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFnNjUfZl04&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHyDMytAT_c3mZyixgyRRTKy&index=1"
76561198260882384,Recommended,536220,28515926,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Captain Mayonnaise,good game :)
,Not Recommended,536220,28517406,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Biggs,"You know when people boo their favorite sports team sometimes? They don't boo casue they hate their team, they boo cause they want them not to suck. That is what this, and I feel many of these reviews, are.This game is very linear as far as choices goes and short compared to the previous two. This makes me very sad to say but I can not recommend this game to anyone; not even fans like me who absolutely adored the first two games. (Even though the second game also showed signs of laziness)4/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,32359313,Posted: 11 June,all,aaa,I thought that this game would be better than the other two walking dead. But it seems that I was wrong. We can see that they rushed this game. It was shorter than the other two. Plus an NTR happened...
,Recommended,536220,32358707,Posted: 11 June,all,Monkey_D_Luffy☺#XDEH,very good game i loved it
,Not Recommended,536220,32367581,Posted: 12 June,all,JohnFuller,"In my opinion, this season is the worst out of all three seasons so far. Unlike season 1 and 2, you don't connect to the characters as much and also, deaths appear lazy, especiallythe choice between Tripp and Ava. Despite this, the game is a good game. The subject of family and the importance of it is displayed on a repeated number of times throughout the season and at times made choices a lot more difficult than they should have been, which I think is a good thing. You are contemplating earlier choices frequently and impact of smaller choices also makes the game a lot more unforgiving. Overall, the depth and back story of the game and the theme of family is what makes it a good game but I don't recommend for those who haven't played season 1 or 2."
,Not Recommended,536220,32367592,Posted: 12 June,all,Panikhase,"I do not care about the ""The Walking Dead"" Franchise.I never cared about the Graphic Novels, nor did i care about the TV Series.I do however care deeply about Clementine.In Season 1 i watched over her like a loving father and was scared for her when i had to leave her on her own at the end of the game.When i met her again in Season 2, i was so relieved to see that she was fine and i was really proud of what a tough girl she had become.I was so happy to be able to guide her through another part of her life.It really dissapointed me to see, thatSeason 3 is not about Clementine.It is about some random people that happen to cross path with her.In this part she is nothing more than an unimportant sidecharacter.I do really like the Gameplay of Telltales Games, buta ""The Walking Dead"" Game that's not about Clementine is not worth my money.However, if you love the ""The Walking Dead"" Universe as a whole and liked the former games, you might like this game too."
,Recommended,536220,32073563,Posted: 30 May,all,Marcel,I really enjoyed this game but it had a lot of setbacks. Hopefully they can learn from their mistakes when they make season 4.
76561198025694566,Not Recommended,536220,30667870,Posted: 22 March,all,.H323,"Well, that was underwhelming..."
,Recommended,536220,28553172,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Odim,"You know what ? I fell in love with Clem after i played the entire season. Buying this game made me fell for a fictional character. I know she's not real.. i gotta stop, but i can't ! After that new Clem at the end of EP5, it made me fall deeper for her. I don't have a girl maybe that's why. GOD HELP ME. 10/10 would fucc up my love life."
76561198169050477,Recommended,536220,28503111,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DisabledSmallBoy,Good game but they did Kenny dirty with the way he died.
,Recommended,536220,28503144,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,"Like, Zoinks Scoob!","If you're here reading these reviews to find reassurance about not playing as Clementine, then look no further than this comment. Get. This. Game. Amazing story? Check. Better Mechanics than S2? Double Check. Clementine (as a badass)? Check that♥♥♥♥♥♥too, son. That girl is a ♥♥♥♥ing gangster. Can't find a single thing wrong with this game. And beleive me I tried to find something to make a fair review, but came up short."
,Recommended,536220,28494786,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Roghisnzas,Only reason i trusted Jesus was because of the tv series :-)This series hasnt let me down - 10/10
,Recommended,536220,28507307,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sneaky Beaky,"Starts very promising, expectations are sky highAs expected from telltale"
,Recommended,536220,28530553,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,StolenGear,"Ignore all the thumbs down reviews for the time being. because the game hasn't released all the episodes yet, leaving people feeling the game was weak when it hasn't had the full time needed to be built up. at the time of this comment there have only been two episodes released, with more to come in a few weeks. however, like most people i found the game very good so far, strong characters, strong story, and so on. give it a go, great addition onto the franchise."
76561198085653640,Recommended,536220,28530663,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ikane,"It's an amazing game. The story is very good and the characters are very, very well written. Even though you are Javi and no longer Clementine, you don't get the chance to miss her, so don't worry about the protagonist shift. It really is as good as the first one and the second one. If you liked the previous two games, don't hesitate. Trust me, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,536220,29104957,Posted: 7 January,all,Soaring Doge,"Ok... The walking dead season 3...Its OK, yes its only OK. Story is weak, decisions dont mean as much as they do in the previous games, characters are bland, terrible way to end your choices in season 2, and overall not the game the community wanted. I absolutely reccomend this game (Only if youve played S1 and S2) as it would be stupid to miss a walking dead series game, even though its not very good. Anyways, buy it on sale Its not good enough to spend $25.Pros: Clementine and JavierCons: Everything"
76561198065874719,Not Recommended,536220,28776643,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Papa Carter,This game has about the depth of my kitchen sink.
,Recommended,536220,28660746,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,YEROCnamrus,Pretend it's a spin off and it's not that bad.
,Not Recommended,536220,29659720,Posted: 2 February,all,Sandvich ♔,"Good story with JaviPoor, innacurate, rubbish story continued from S1 and S2 to S3I give a thumbs down because I found the writing poor compared to the last two seasons it had only three parts in the game for me of the emotions you experienced in S1 and S2. I give a thumbs down for the game it was no where near as good as S1 and S2 but I do say you should get it if you ever want to continue from Lee Everett which is what I played it for. Despite the terrible writing."
,Not Recommended,536220,28496301,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,AlshepType,"After finally completing this I have to say I cannot reccomend it.This game is criminaly short on it's 5 episode run time, the only one thing that is shorter is Telltale's Batman.I'm glad that by the end Telltale realize what a dumb idea was to shift the focus from Clementine, a character they had been building for over 5 years and the span of now regretably three games. All the characters except for Javier and Clementine are lackluster and uninspired. And the Jesus cameo is nothing but uneccesaryTelltale why the hell did you expect me to care about David if all you showed me was him being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to Javier?I hope Javier comes back for what will formaly be the actual ""3rd Season"" of your Walking Dead series, but I will not even consider glancing at it if Clementine is not the main playable character.I'm just glad I manged to buy this game for the same ammount of money I can get a decent sandwhich and a drink for in my country. Otherwise, I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,536220,32069595,Posted: 30 May,all,Crotchered,"A game that doesn't have feel like it has much emotion as the last two seasons, but still has almost the right amount.9/10. Reason being because I lost my save though it's mostly my fault and I had to restard, had a bit of fun though."
76561198101966249,Recommended,536220,32069619,Posted: 30 May,all,The Gentleman,"Telltale has outdone themselves yet again with an amazing title. And a sequel to an already amazing game to boot. Having played through all of the seasons to this point, I will proudly say this is one of the best telltale games out there. Graphically the game is very pretty, and telltale always takes a unuqie art style when it comes to their games, instead of ""Ohh pretty pretty"" its ""pretty and ohh framerate!"" like most telltale games you don't really need a high end computer to play the game, as you will get a decent fps though you may have to turn some things down.Anyway, this game, and its predisessors, have by far the best character arc ever, and depending on how you raised clementine, makes her to who she is in this game. Essentially, you the player, have molded Clementine to what she is now. I hope Telltale really out does themselves in the next season of this game, or DLC.The choices were brutal(in a good way), more often than not, I had to pause the game, and think each option through, only to get a knife in back afterwards, whilst others were a use of common sense, and the last episode I was in the overwheming majority of choices, which surprised me, course they will change over time, maybe to an extent that I will find myself in the minorty. But regardless, each choice felt genuine, and I was regretting some of the choices I had made from earlier episodes.The QTEs really got stepped up too, I enjoyed the multi-button prompts they gave me as it felt badass, though every telltale game has its own unique QTEs, but I espessially enjoyed this game's.10/10 buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,536220,30116760,Posted: 23 February,all,Joe Clueless,"I had a negative review for this all the way up to episode 4, this season started so goddamn weak but it ended so strong, though there is still a massive lack of areas where you can just walk around and explore things at your own leisure episode 5 was awesome and left me craving for more, well played Telltale, well played indeed.."
76561198024446235,Recommended,536220,28513874,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Abhorsen's Cat,Another amazing chapter in an amazing series. This does not disappoint!!!
76561198318312588,Recommended,536220,28527919,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Toki Wartooth,Not a bad game after all! Can't wait for season 4! but there is still not enough Kenny in this one...
76561198228919328,Recommended,536220,31617357,Posted: 7 May,all,Mr. Wick,"Just stop at season 2, great game but its nothing compared to the last 2----------------------------------------------------------*Edit*Go ahead and play this one, the story wraps up so nicely at the end and Clem changes a bit just give this one a whirl but dont go in thinking that this will be the exact same as 1 and 2 go in treating it as a new game that had Clem in the background"
76561198060801243,Recommended,536220,32093219,Posted: 31 May,all,Everyday Ninjasempai,"Once again, a beautiful piece of Clementine's (and the others') story in the world of the Walking Dead. Loved this series from the very beginning.Can't wait for more!"
,Not Recommended,536220,29526419,Posted: 27 January,all,Fireballa,"Game relies too much on fanservice from characters from the comics and other sesaons. Would have been better if they just focused on Javier's story instead of trying to put in as much fan service as possible.Some scenes that were meant to be serious like Kate crashing into the gate and Ava's plunge to her doom, were so idiotic instead of me feeling for the character, I just bursted out laughing instead. Showing how rushed this game really is."
76561198268483534,Recommended,536220,32096738,Posted: 31 May,all,NoScopingJFK,"Good, but not what I wanted. I never really got attached to the characters enough to feel pained when someone died and felt like most were more annoying than story driving. The story wasn't bad, but I guess I was just hopinhg to see more from Clementine. I know they give flashbacks and whatever, but no real explanation was covered as to what happened to her before they met Javier. That could've just been the way I played it, but still. I feel like I would've been more satisified with this arch if it didn't try to consider itself a continuation of the previous season. If it had been placed in a different time with all around different people instead of trying to messily throw Clementine and AJ in the bunch, I believe I would've enjoyed it a bit more. All in all, 7.5/10."
76561198164844681,Recommended,536220,32099248,Posted: 31 May,all,ButterLover,I LOVE THIS game the story is slow for the first 2 episodes but that is meant for character delopment and ect. but other than that great story and cant wait for the next season to come into play good job TELLTALE
76561198076590358,Not Recommended,536220,28522970,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,moltrow,gonna pretend this game never happened
,Not Recommended,536220,28746853,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sammich,"pros-clem-new kinda nice graphics? (didnt mind the old ones)cons-new characters-short play time-tons of plot holes-bad script, all over the place. no one goal and end place. very predictable.-glitches up the butt-music not as good as game 1 or 2-animation sucks a fat one-ads in game really?-in previous games choices kinda mattered, not anymore-dont play clem-its not season 3 its a side story with clem sprinkled in-it involves clem but its not about her, shes honestly not needed-season 2 only effected one thing that i saw and it involved either a hug or no hug-there used to be tons of searching and checking on people scenes. freaking none now its all literally mouse q w e only those keys you barely control the character only the talking and fast tapping in almost death scenes-we dont get to know the characters-its just problem after problem after problem there was never a moment to rest and connect. always fighting-forced relatonships, they really want everyone to hook up. shes hecking 13 pls stop.-they try to jerk some tears or give you a shock factor, but the characters dont mean poop to me i dont know them-relys too much on flashbacks since we are forced into old characters perspectives-even with all the flashbacks. not a single lee flashback-previously loved characters get killed off in the cheapest ways possible in 5 minute flash backs-the characters are all over the place. they hate you then they love you but, it doesnt matter in the end they will die-you choose an option and often times it gives you the exact freaking opposite-i saw like groups of the same zombie, yeah thats how it was before but back then they would be scattered, now its like the same zombie all in a group of 7-really short grieving periods? like 2 seconds and they move on, random npc was more upset over losing a child then the main cast-""oh wow look its jesus"""
,Recommended,536220,32098380,Posted: 31 May,all,starinthegutter,"I've played multiple Telltale games in the past including Seasons 1 and 2 of TWD. I loved the first two, but from the 'preview' we got from Michonne I had a feeling this would be both short and.... unfulfilling... but I was hoping I'd be proven wrong.The story was okay. But the gameplay just lacked something that I found in the previous seasons, and there were opportunities that I felt weren't seized in this season that could have added more flavor and immersion. I was hoping that ... for the sake of not spoiling anything, during certain parts I'd be given the reins and be able to control the character more. Instead, I got a monorail of one scenario to the next... which works fine for a TV show, but not in a video game.If you're a fan of this Telltale series, it's fine to pick up, but keep in mind that the rate at which you control your character has been heavily downplayed compared to the previous two installments, which is a shame, because Telltale could have done so much more."
,Recommended,536220,32095106,Posted: 31 May,all,Frobenius,"I am a big fan of Walking Dead series, starting from Season 1. Of course, A New Frontier is not so good as Season 1 and 2, here I agree with the majority of the fans, but maybe it's because we experienced too much in the world of Walking Dead and now we see things different and many things don't touch us as strongly as in the first time.Of course, the game has many shortcomings, wierd moments and awkward turns of the plot. Especially I didn't like the lack of exploring type of gameplay. I liked to have such moments in the previous seasons, when you can stop for a minute, walk around, talk to different people, have some time to feel the atmosphere and think about what's happening right now in the story. But this season feels more like a movie, rushing through the story and dialogs, giving you no time to stop and think.But it is still the same old Walking Dead story with it's lovely dark atmosphere. I got to like new protagonist, Javi, very much. He's is a fresh and quite developed character. Clementine is cool as always. It's wonderful to see her again. The story is more like a big side line, rather than continuation of Clementine's story. But I'm very glad that ""Clementine's story will continue"". Hope to see them both next season :)I hope that Telltale will work really hard to make the next season great, as in the old days. This one I'd rate 7/10. It's not great, but good."
76561198149419622,Recommended,536220,32094507,Posted: 31 May,all,Kane,"I really enjoyed Season 3.  It lost a little in the middle...  but in the end it picked up,  and you get many different endings depending on your choices."
76561198234571292,Recommended,536220,28515279,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Senate,"Played through the the avaliable episodes twice already. Loved it each time. To quote Negan ""Today was a productive damn day!"""
,Recommended,536220,28514081,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Chip,"Other than Michone I actually really enjoyed the 1st 2 episodes of the season so far <3 Pretty interesting story so far, and they actually gave us real choices that actually do matter flippin +rep Telltale Keep up the good work <3"
,Recommended,536220,28514232,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Lerat,"The first 2 episodes are so good,didnt enjoy such a story in a long time,cant wait for the rest of the game."
76561198155531512,Recommended,536220,28515897,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hehe_HAWK,For now A M A Z I N G
,Recommended,536220,28515190,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dugi,"Great so far, the new character is surprisingly good!Looking forward to next episodes!"
,Recommended,536220,28518782,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,HJ757,Love the first 2 episodes so far i'm glad to see Telltale continue Clementines story.
,Recommended,536220,28528114,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Turnweezel,i cried
76561198088622784,Recommended,536220,32078259,Posted: 30 May,all,Hawkguy,"This game was awesome! It was rich in story telling, but if they make the episodes a bit longer, it would be perfect. Thank you telltale for this awesome game!"
76561198153682871,Recommended,536220,30829046,Posted: 30 March,all,Cocolino Sensation,"Great game! Thank you, Telltale!Episode 3 was a dissapointment and the game was a little too short, but overall it was a great experience8.5/10Too bad there will be another 3 years or so until S4 as ""Clementine's story will continue""..."
,Recommended,536220,28518308,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Diokaza,"Good thing:-Clementine is back-Control feel more responsive than season 1 and season 2-Improvement In Graphic engine/ More Texture Detail ETC- no performence issues with my GTX 1060- Voice casting is alwasy good-Main character  is actually interesting.... oh wait every character in this season  is interesting-Good backstory startBad things :-Kenny died-Head SPINNIG GLITCH/BUGSEP 1:  9.7/10EP 2: 9.1/10EP 3: 10/10 - you got to bust badger's headEP 4: 9/10-Clem got periodEP 5:10/10-  i can't stop crying , help mePlus: I hate waiting , pls do release the ep every weeks"
,Recommended,536220,28494806,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Scorpion [offline for a year],"Episode 5 proved that the choices really did matter, Bravo telltale !"
,Recommended,536220,28494810,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Walker,So this season was not as good as the other seasons. This season really showed that the choices you made in Season 2 don't affect your gameplay in this season besides the flashbacks of Clem and whoever you were with at the end of S2. I've experienced a few bugs in my gameplay. The episodes were just too short for my liking. If the episodes were longer then the  rating wouldn't be as bad.8/10
,Recommended,536220,30784674,Posted: 27 March,all,Tempest_Mist,"After playing the whole season it wasn't to bad, I get the reason behind itClem will need a place to live with AJ, that's what I got from this.Javi is a cool char & I liked playing as him, but his brother is really messed up - this is Javi's story so the game tries to make the player feel Javi is being the bad guy. At the end of episode 5 I was told I was adversary, like really?Considering the flash backs from before the apocalypse David has always been the A  hole.Again the chat options are never what they appear to be either. Lots of action QTE's made this a fast paced storyline & having Clem helped a lot just knowing I know the way she reacts to situations. My advise play this like you never knew Clem and have to grow to trust her, that's what I did and it worked well. Roll on season 4 :)"
76561198012445977,Recommended,536220,31512693,Posted: 2 May,all,Clouds,"SPOILERSThank you. I said if Kate was dead you would get so much hate, but you still managed to get her back. Good job.You guys are so goddamn lucky. Oh yeah also, please make another one."
,Not Recommended,536220,28826434,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Xx_ZombieSlayer_xX,...
76561198103515540,Not Recommended,536220,29263097,Posted: 14 January,all,FriendlyRaider,Most half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game on steam.
,Not Recommended,536220,28655656,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Milde,"This game is but an echo of what the previous ones were, I literally felt nothing for every character but Clem, and maybe Javi, hopefully they wont ♥♥♥♥ up this new story with Clem that's coming up but from what i've seen of Telltale's recent exploits I wouldn't be surprised if they ♥♥♥♥ed that up too."
,Not Recommended,536220,28495380,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FunkyHotDog,"Now that its over, this season was a horrible disappointment. Nothing like the 2 previous seasons. This series should have ended a long time ago."
,Recommended,536220,28531372,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jov,EDIT:Episodes feel shorter unlike the previous 2 seasons. The love story between Javi and Kate is really uncomfortable and not to mention that Ava and David died just like that not to mention Kenny's death when you decide to import the save from Season 2. It's like a snap and they're all dead just like that.Although Javi's character grew on me specially on the last episode between him and David.I gues the final struggle of Clementine will be on the next Season and I hope they deliver good story on that one.
,Not Recommended,536220,29215322,Posted: 12 January,all,camie,weak ending and weak story overall. I had high hopes despite all the negative ratings but the ending fell a bit flat. The entire story feels like a filler for the 4th season. I hope the next one is better
,Not Recommended,536220,28580115,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,mr. brightside,"My final review of TNF for the curious reader. Without a doubt, this is the most lacking and begging season of Telltale's The Walking Dead series. When I first learned that we were not going to be returning as Clementine, this naturally sparked concern and controversy. I was rather upset by the move, even though eventually, Javi grew onto me. I like to divide my reviews between gameplay and story, since these are what make a game. Graphics are always nice, but in my opinion, they are just cosmetic, not really essential to a quality game.The gameplay lacked much variety that we saw in previous installments. Little exploration, and very often, what exploration we had almost always was completely pointless. In episode 5, for example, when you are getting ready to cross the highway that the crashed chopper has split, as they give you control over Javi's movements, you have only two things you can do (at least from what I saw) which was to look at the crashed helicopter, or engage the next scene. That's it. What's the point of having a free-roam moment with that? The only free-roam period that made any difference was in episode 1 after returning to Prescott after Kate's gunshot wound. If you pick up the water in that free-roam time, you get the chance to give it to Kate later on the way to Richmond. But even that's not saying a whole lot. Otherwise, the game is for the most part an interactive TV show where you press either Q or E and sometimes the movement keys or mouse key to shoot a target here and there while you choose what Javi says or how he responds to certain situations. Not really much else going on. We were also told that this season featured two playable protagonists, Javi and Clementine, which was really a lie. You play as Clem only one time in each episode (except for five, there is NO Clementine playing in episode five), but only for about two-minute flashbacks that are completely irrelevant. The flashbacks are meant to tell us what happened to Clem in the three-year period from S2 to TNF. I get that. But nothing you do in the flashbacks seem to matter at all, so why even have us play as Clem? That's why I consider this a lie, I do not consider the flashback moments with Clem as actual, legit playing as a protagonist.Story-wise, I return to the fact that we don't play Clementine in this one. My feelings and thoughts on this decision by Telltale went to and fro for some time, and I have eventually come to the conclusion that having a new protagonist for this season wasn't a terrible idea, but why then have Clementine in it at all? Obviously it's not the smartest move to take the main protagonist (a beloved one, mind you) out of the spotlight. It's really just dumb to then have her in the story anyways. It would have been fine if we were suddenly thrust into the shoes of a random dude we had never known before if our previous protagonist whom we grew fond of over the last few years was not even part of the season. But she is, and now is forced into a sideline, supportive role, and Telltale expects an authentic, new experience from a new person's perspective? Obviously most people are going to do what they can for Clem. I'll admit that I early on became concerned that Telltale was going to off Clementine in this season somehow (heck, maybe they were in the original story!), but continually became convinced they were not that stupid. The ending of this season clearly suggests Clementine is the central character of this series, and she's not going anywhere anytime soon.Nevertheless, I feel like by the end of this whole thing, I would have almost preferred what Telltale originally had written for this season than what we got. This was not the mother of all horrible endings, not even close. But what with all the teaser footage we saw before the season began (Clementine with Javi who bore TNF insignia on his neck while the two moved through some suburban streets) and the season description indicated that while Clementine was not the main protagonist, she was at least central to the story. This never seemed to happen at all. I thought we were going to have at least one episode where Clementine and Javi in a situation where they only had each other to rely on. I was actually more interested to see where that was going to go than what we actually got.Although I grew to eventually like most of the cast of characters, like Gabe, Conrad and Kate, I grew annoyed with many of them. Tripp had to be the biggest drama queen in the history of the series. He's the biggest guy in the series, yet seems to think he's in a soap opera. Eleanor kind of just became irrelevant as the series went on, and David went from unlikable, to likable, right back to unlikable in the end. By the end, I really didn't care for him anymore; plot holes or issues were not ever resolved, and I still don't understand why Clementine was part of this whole season at all other than to try and keep the fans happy to some degree. Ultimately, that just made the fans more angry.So I am not recommending you buy this; you're better off seeing a youtube commentary of it. Weak story, plot holes, regressive gameplay elements, and just a ton of things that don't make any real sense, chief among them of course is why in the world Clementine is in this season. All she really served was as bait to keep the original fans interested."
,Not Recommended,536220,28514727,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,"Changing my review from positive, after playing the whole thing it's just off. Nothing wrong with the new main characters per se. However, the later episodes just feel like they're going all action without any of the reminisant moments we loved from the prior two games. The ending wasn't satisfactory, it felt like they wanted to keep Clementine and Javier as completely different entities in their own stories in the end. So much so it feels Clementine was just there so people would buy it, she didn't have any significance. Overall, what a disappointment."
76561198171146322,Recommended,536220,29309947,Posted: 16 January,all,Steve_Taro,"Eventually the game comes to the end of full version, and it is pretty good game. A lot of folks might complain how the storyline doesn't connect well, but I believe they will have astrouding story behind this episode. Nice game by the way I have fun with the choice that they offer."
76561198276215662,Recommended,536220,28741460,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lukemorelikepuke,"I...uh...want to appologize for giving this game so much crap. The first 2 episodes were pretty bad but that ending saved it. Towards the end of episode 5, Gabe and Javier grew on me. I didn't like their characters at first but episode 5 made me appreciate Javier's bond with his brother and Gabe growing up.I hated Gabe after he told Tripp I killed Conrad but I think, after episode 5, we needed it. We needed to see the bad and the good from Gabe growing up. Also if you tried to save Ava and Tripp lives, he's a great ♥♥♥♥ing sport about it and it's all good basically.I would HIGHLY recommend this game and that ending...THAT ENDING THO! ;-;YOUR CHOICES ACTUALLY MATTER! Even the subtle ones. They determine if people die or not which is friggin cool. I never complained about the fact that this didn't really exist in the past two games but the fact that they actually pulled it off is pretty cool. (Clem's new haircut looks really cool and I can't wait to control Clementine in season 4. Hopefuly it will be a longer game tho :-P)Also HYPE 4 SEASON 4! I was so afraid this would be the last telltale twd game but it was confirmed that there will be a season 4 and you actually play as Clem again! Now i'm not as mad about controlling Javi and not Clem lmao. And if you are one of those people that played the first two episodes or so and hated it. Give it a chance, I wasn't so sure at first but this game has earned a special spot in my heart and I would happily play it again. :-)btw the replayability is INSANE WITH ALL THOSE ENDINGS as well as the fact that how you treat characters affects the endings. In season 2 you could just replay the last chapter of episode 5 and play through all the different endings in about an hour while in this game you haven to replay through the whole entire game and make completely different decisions in order to get different endings which is amazing.I would definitely give this game a 9/10. A good A-. It started off bad but it got REALLY good towards the end, the replayability is incredible andthe endings maek me want to cri ;-;so please, PLEASE buy this game. This game does not deserve all the crap it got and I hope it gets the ratings it deserves soon.My Clem is a free spirit...MY CLEM! The fact that they added this in the results just shows how amazing this game is"
,Recommended,536220,28498077,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,k i r k,"To be honest the game wasn't bad. I feel like a lot of people are just high off of the previous two seasons. There is a reason why this was not called ""Season 3""; I find it more akin to Michonne than to S1 and S2.I genuinely liked Episode 5 a lot, and it felt like it wrapped up this mini season; but I do feel that it seems to have been wrapped up very fast, leaving a lot of ends untied, and a lot of questions left unanswered.I very much liked the relationship overview at the end of this game; a feature the others didn't, It genuinely made me want to replay the game to see how my choices might affect the outcome.This game isn't as good as S1 or S2, but its not bad. I think everyone is just being over dramatic, and I am sure Telltale has learned and will improve on the series in the future."
,Recommended,536220,28769281,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TrveDjentleman,"This game far exceeded my expectations, considering some of the reviews it's gotten. It's easily on par with the previous seasons, and has done nothing but reaffirm that Telltale's TWD is my favorite game series of all time. Just buy it.Edit: I really liked the family dynamics, and genuinely cared for Havi and his family. The ending was a bit of a cliffhanger though..."
76561198043629417,Not Recommended,536220,32116019,Posted: 1 June,all,FurryPolice,"I dont usually write reviews but to share my experience:I always hate comments like ""it is not the old story."" ""its something new"" those are just bad reviews but i saw multiple reviews saying they lost their safe-files after a new episode came out. i didnt experience this bug until the final chapter got released.I wont spoil anything so all i can say is that there are 2 Characters in my ending that i didnt decide to save, 1 Character hates me for a decision i didnt choose, i rather took the other option to help him but the game decided to turn it around. And even the plot developement isnt consistent anymore. Basically all decisions i made until end of chapter 4 were the same but in Chapter 5 now i have 4-5 different plot-changing decissions.I feel♥♥♥♥♥♥that my story how i wanted it to end didnt go through and im unwilling to play it for a 2nd time while being serious about my decisions.All in all the Story is fine, and refreshing but the game Devs screwed something up severel times now for the release of every Chapter."
,Not Recommended,536220,29548026,Posted: 28 January,all,bR_okeN,"Ok, before i wrote a review promoting the game, but now the game is fully out I'd like to say what i think about it now - this game was good! Was it worth the money? NO. It's a decent game I cannot deny that but the walking dead season 1+2 was soooo much better, this game compared to those games is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't believe what they did to the walking dead series but... they took a deep step into a massive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME BUY THE WALKING DEAD SEASON 1+2!!!!"
76561198038195098,Not Recommended,536220,28490702,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Wolfcunt,I waited so long for this game. Once I got it I had to wait half a year to complete it.A miniscule 8 hours of mediocre story with a lackluster ending and zero replayability released over 6 months just isn't worth it.
76561198016665311,Not Recommended,536220,32139983,Posted: 2 June,all,Lucy,"Well I waited until episode 5 for a review.Season one was the first game to make me cry. Season two felt like it had some really meaningful choices.This season... a huge letdown. Bordering on boring to be honest.I never bonded with Javi, I never wanted to play Javi and never really truely felt like I cared about any of his choices or anything that happened to him.For some of the dialogue choices, the option provided did not reflect what the character then said, which I found very frustrating. I often found myself shouting ""Noooo I didn't mean that"" to the screen!!And buggy...Ava survived and Tripp died in my version of episode 4, but then Tripp randomly walked past in the helicopter scene!!To sum up -Not enough Clem and a very weak story.Even Melissa's Clem voiceover didn't sound like she was enjoying it at all.And it was SO short, far less hours and far less exploration.Please do better for season 4 Telltale. Give Melissa more free rein - she knows Clem better than anyone!"
76561197982711888,Not Recommended,536220,32142303,Posted: 2 June,all,Denton,"It’s incomplete, story is a bit weak, main character ok but most of the other characters you kind of don't care about, plus like a lot of people are commenting, The characters are arguing about insignificant things half of the time.there are some good bits but few and far between."
76561198072026241,Not Recommended,536220,29295668,Posted: 16 January,all,Cyral Drive,Meh
76561198307482746,Recommended,536220,30072143,Posted: 20 February,all,Dyssoma,"The Walking Dead: A New FrontierBefore I start, Im on the fence about recommending it and not recommended it, I dont have a clear answerAfter Finishing this game in about 20 hours i couldnt help but feel a little disapointedNow dont get me wrong it was a good season 3 but thats only if you have completed season 1 and 2  This game doesnt give you the ""feels"" like season 1 and  2 did that is what i think disapointed me the mostHopfully the next season will be better7/10"
,Not Recommended,536220,29287339,Posted: 15 January,all,tsj.sv,Não recomendo.
76561197970755187,Recommended,536220,32212278,Posted: 5 June,all,MGarceau,"As of a continuation of the titular series, A New Frontier takes its new characters to...The New Frontier. Along the mission to survive, the band of survivors, led by new main character, Javi, crosses paths with Clementine, the previous seasons protagonist; as their stories now weave together and apart, the series redelivers many of its stories, tropes, and character dynamics, but doing it now for the third time, the series is suffering from fatigue. As a whole, the game suffers from predictability, anticipatory outcomes, and story conveniences that feel hackneyed, just to move to the next scene or conveniently explain a lame circumstance.While it's not a bad game, it just happens to be unfocused and lacks character dynamics with layers of intrigue and suspence its predecessors enjoyed; this, partly due to not-the-greatest writing and partly due to not-that-interesting a story to tell,Here's hope its successor, Season 4, is a little better."
76561198043357516,Recommended,536220,32213133,Posted: 5 June,all,Mitch1812,"I wasn't sure about this game coming in, after reading a lot of the reviews I had my worries.  But after grabbing the game when it came on sale after the 5th episode came out, I don't regret my purchase.  The story really drives home the point that family is the most important thing of all.Some things I was not a fan of, however, was during some of the middle episodes, the pacing seemed to fast and I feel like more time could have been spent developing your relationship with the other characters.I can say that the episode 5 made up for some of the lackluster previous episodes and I was happy with my conclusion but will most likely do one more playthrough and tweak a few decisions for a hopefully better outcome.Ultimately, this game serves as a good way to introduce a new character and his relationships while also furthering Clementines plotline.For the 25% off price of $19, or even $25 if you can spare it, I'd recommend this game to any Telltale game fan."
,Recommended,536220,32384488,Posted: 13 June,all,Suzy,get to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of onichan 10/10
76561198178600505,Recommended,536220,32377108,Posted: 12 June,all,Pan_Rozum,"Enjoyable season, but has problems. Javi is a really good character, but I feel like the scenarios are just not as interesting as the other seasons. It's also just weird to not get more Clementine content. It is really interesting to see Clementine through someone else's eyes though; a had a different reaction to meeting her than I thought I would.As usually, there are weird technical problems, though nowhere near as bad as what I used to have on past seasons' PS3 versions. It crashed on me twice, and there were a few graphical hiccups, but nothing too bad overall."
,Recommended,536220,28496961,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Spart-Spart,i have enjoyed the game but that ending screwed me up with the Clementines story will continue... like dude i cant wait that long. but it still a great game i suggest playing season 1 and 2 first so you understand the storylines.
76561198042115811,Not Recommended,536220,30349155,Posted: 5 March,all,Taardvark,"The first two episodes are very weak, some have liked them but the writing was pretty bad. Episode 3 on however the game picks up with choices truly mattering. One character in particular can die multiple times but survive the whole season. While it was a good experience as a whole I couldn't get over the plot holes and overall stupidity that drags the story down and essentially sabotages the whole season.I wish there was a ""meh"" raiting.I give this a ""meh"" out of 10."
76561198046831962,Not Recommended,536220,32399210,Posted: 13 June,all,nawdrum,"Unfortunately this is going to be compared to the first two series, which were excellent. This however, is not. Each episode is roughly half as long as those in previous seasons, and in terms of storytelling are a shell of what came before. Very disappointed. I hope the story continues, but Telltale need to rediscover what brought them to the dance in the first place."
76561198317143763,Recommended,536220,32405576,Posted: 14 June,all,crystalvioletw,"It wasn't terrible, but... maybe wait for a sale?Not playing as Clementine is SUPER disappointing. As a result, it took some time for Javier to grow on me. I stopped playing for a while before coming back once all of the episodes were out. He's an alright guy, and even looks like guys I would date IRL, but is generally... pretty generic. Some characters, on the other hand, I absolutely could NOT stand. At. All. I felt like while some of my choices mattered, I was forced into others, and that was irritating.I don't want a forced love triangle during the zombie apocalypse! Also, if the developers really felt that was necessary, they would have made a more likeable/responsible/heroic/not trashy person. And not have it be kind of incestuous. I would have been happy with Gabe and Clem skipping off into the sunset together at the end.It's definitely shorter, and I even replayed episodes and paused for long periods (like, falling asleep). There's also a lot less action than season 1&2... I was able to eat while playing. Aside from a few bugs with loading and graphics, the graphics were actually great. If you haven't played the previous Dead games, or you don't care all that much for Clementine (you monster) I'd say go for this one."
,Not Recommended,536220,32394105,Posted: 13 June,all,SherabTod,"first i have to say: this is not a horrible or even bad game. The story is decent, graphicly its good designed and it can make you feel a multitude of feelings, as a teltale game should.But looking at it as the 3. part of this series, it is a massive disapointment. Far too often your choises literaly have no effect, exept for 2 lines of dialogue. The story feels forced on the player and just artificial.to give an example: (minor spoiler) throuout the story the players sister in law developes a crush on the player, since her husband is absent. it doesnt matter if you reject her and make your disinterest in her clear as day, or completly embrace her and share her feelings, it has no impact.And this goes on for  for most characters and storylines, most notably in season 4 and 5.Will you start a shooting or try diplomacy? i doesnt matter, because the fighting will start either way and you will be blamed."
76561198273948724,Recommended,536220,29186207,Posted: 11 January,all,Drjamesdawson350,Season 3 was really good but what a sad ennding :(
,Recommended,536220,28529745,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ScrubLEL,"Hey, Vsauce. Michael here. This is Earth as seen from Saturn. That is us right there. And if you look closely, ok, see this little protuberance? That's the Moon. This image was taken by the Cassini spacecraft on July 19th, 2013 at 21:27 Coordinated Universal Time. The thing is, NASA gave the public advanced warning of when it would be taken, which means that this image of Earth was the first ever taken from space that some people on Earth were actually posing for.Our planet looks so small, insignificant, fragile. I recently attended the premiere of Sky 1's upcoming ""You, Me and the Apocalypse"" with some cool YouTubers and it got me thinking. In the show, the characters find out that they're only 34 days left before a comet smashes into Earth that's likely to end humanity. They all react in different interesting ways, but what would I do if I found out that there were only 34 days of human history left? Ok, my first priority would be to get back to America to be with my family. But after that? I don't really have a bucket list. Except that is exactly what I would want to spend my last few weeks doing. Making a list to put in a bucket that I would then send far out into space away from Earth's impending vaporization."
,Recommended,536220,33052723,Posted: 30 June,all,jinkol,"As someone who has played season 1 and 2, I have to say I really enjoyed this season, and I really don't understand the hate..."
,Not Recommended,536220,28507285,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Muh_Dick,"Glitcy mess, poor writing. Season 1 was amazing, season 2 was good, this is garbage.*SPOILER ALERT*I got Tripp killed only to see him again in episode 5 for 2 seconds walking alongside me. NICE ONE TELLTALE"
76561198028847349,Recommended,536220,29302700,Posted: 16 January,all,Cool Zlata,"95% of negative reviews tells you about game lenght, 7 hours to compare to last 14-16 hours. Guess what? last games had walking and another interacting where was basicly no point which added lots of hours to the game, but since we are human we have to blame something right?good game as first and second.Rather play than blame"
76561198057500156,Not Recommended,536220,28860746,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,the hat,"This season is disappointing.- Bad writing. The story is very bland and doesn't do anything fresh.- Bad dialog. Your dialog options don't even accuratly reflect what your character is going to say.- Bad choices. Not a single choice felt thought provoking or difficult.- Bad characters. The characters are simple, unlikable, and unvaried.- Short episodes. Each episode is usually around one hour fifteen minutes.- Clem as a side character. The only good character but she doesn't do anything in this game.- Bad flashbacks for Clem. Having such a big part of her story complety fly by in 10 minutes does not do her or the characters in her flashbacks justice.- The engine could be good if they knew how to use it properly. Same with the lighting engine, it looks weird on the models and gives them a shine so they look like dolls.- Below average animation. The facial animation is alright, they don't get very full of expression. But the zombies in the distances look horrible. They have very low frames and have a weird smear effect. It might be to save space but it sticks out really bad.- What ever happened to ""always keep moving"" we spend three of the five episodes in the same area. In season one you are always moving towards Savannah. In season two you are always moving towards Wellington. In this one you aren't really going towards anything.- Choices really don't matter that much. Which is bad because people play these games so they can feel like their choices make a difference to the characters and the world around them.I really can't recommend this game, I can only hope that Telltale takes their time with the fourth season and gives us a satisfying end to Clems story."
,Recommended,536220,33691201,Posted: 21 July,all,Captain Jaaaaaaack Sparrow.,"Amazing Storyline, Intense gameplay, Making your own choices and the game gets emotional at some parts in the game.Would recommend to anyone interested in drama-filled games such as The Walking Dead: A New Frontier."
,Not Recommended,536220,33691787,Posted: 21 July,all,Sampsonay,Please bring back being able to pick certain scenes to replay from the main menu. Even though this game is a lot shorter than the past two seasons (which isn't a good thing)... Restarting an entire episode for a small moment isn't amusing me.Also tf happened to Clementine's hair...
76561198034843366,Recommended,536220,33680797,Posted: 20 July,all,nieksnut,"+ Good amount of unpleasant ""choices"" to be made, all of which please some and displease others+ Nice balance of calmness and panic- Advertisements for other Telltale games and comics. Shut up and let me stay in the vibe of the game!"
76561198119717405,Not Recommended,536220,28855056,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,I'm Actually Just A Crayon,This game wasnt nearly as good as the previous installments. At first I enjoyed it... but no character is likeable and once again your decisions do not matter in the end.
,Recommended,536220,28775395,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Redd,"This game has hit quite a bit of hate, graphic issues, bugs thatstillhaven't been fixed , poor writing in areas, SHORT episodes, and WAY to long release dates(bought the game in December, last episode came out on May 30th). But if I'm completely honest this was still a good season, not as season 1 or 2 but still good. If you have not played those games then play them before buying this, because one of the protagonists has started from season 1 and you wont have a connection to that character if you dont. If you have played those games I suggest playing this, it focus's on Javi's story which intertwines with Clem's. Javi and his family are interesting characters, many people just look past that becuase they want Clem, Clem and more Clem. And of course Clem is in the game and in certain parts is playable. Again this is still a good season, and will certainly hit you in the feels just like the others, though I can say the ending is a different one, one that you wouldn't expect from a game in this series."
76561197999224698,Recommended,536220,33722085,Posted: 22 July,all,gvorris,Superb storytelling again!
,Recommended,536220,29372286,Posted: 20 January,all,Lokim23,"As a streamer and gamer, I wanted to experience the full ""game"" experience before reviewing. But after sitting on it here is what I think so far. Is it worth the full value? No. Get it on a steam sale if and when you can. The first 2 chapters thus far are DRAMATICALLY shorter then any past chapters in the other 2 games. You could almost fit both chapters into 1 full chapter in the other games. And its more like a movie type for this game, versus actually having choices. You pretty much just sit back and wait for things to play out. While occassionally tapping a button which pretty much the choices feel shallow. And with almost ZERO carry over from the prior games. You could pretty much pick the ""..."" option in the other games, and it would have ZERO influence on this games choices. You want clem? You can have cinematic flashbacks and thats it. As of right now, this games a complete let down. And I cannot recommend to anyone who wants to enjoy the game like the others. Perhaps the future chapters when they come out will change that perspective and I'll be updating my 'review' both here and via my streaming when it does.Edit: so I had completed the entire game and the only redeeming quality was at the end. The last chapter really brought it home. I'd say pick it up on a sale or something, not really worth the full price in its current state. And hopefully the next season I far better, because its the last."
,Recommended,536220,34540454,Posted: 27 August,all,xTzharkz,"Walking Dead: A New Frontier is a really good story tell game. Strongly recommend to start from the first game that was made - will be more enjoyable, not nessesary tho.Basically it like watching a movie in which you will be the one who'll influence which way things going to happen. There are not that much action in gameplay just few mouse clicks, arrows or press Q or E moments. What makes the game a bit stressful are the decisions which have time limit so you got to think fast. I myself chose many times wrong things for my character to say or do - just because I panic. But that is what makes it fun.But yeah. Great game -awesome story -graphically looks great, love the art style.Easy achievements for 100% game - just have to finish those 5 episodes.xTzharkz [Eric]."
,Recommended,536220,34533210,Posted: 27 August,all,Mia,The best Telltale game i have ever played...The story is strong...Only hate the cheap graphics... but the atmosphere was sood that graphics didnt matter..They also didnt overdid the Intense gore and violence..it was just pervectly placed...This time a much better graphics thankgod....
76561198182480073,Recommended,536220,30707455,Posted: 24 March,all,popopke,Not bad at all.
,Recommended,536220,34510538,Posted: 26 August,all,Alpr,"I liked this game WAY more than the other two seasons. While you control Clem very little in the game, It's much darker as I was very surprised at some of the stuff that happens in the game. A character I HATED at the start who *can* die at the end, I actually felt sorry for. That's good storytelling.I didn't play this one immedaitely due to reviews saying it was bad. I was expecting it to be terrible going in (I even stopped playing when it froze opening cutscene for like a week). The game does have more notiable bugs than the last two, such as during almost all cutscenes, Javi's character modal would glitch out.Overall, I was surprised at how great it was. Looking forward to the last ( :( ) and final season where you play clem again."
76561198019049069,Recommended,536220,34432233,Posted: 23 August,all,HEATHENRABBIT,"Hey, it's Clementine if $he goes the game die$. The writing in this $equel wasn't great, but it had its own story to tell. And who actually remembers the adrenaline rushes and emotion of the first game, and the difficult choices of the second, besides everyone. Obviously the choices of the player are limited, it's a $toryline. This is an adequate filler game, slightly better than Michone'$. I look forward to the next one. Don't ru$h it though."
,Recommended,536220,33595388,Posted: 16 July,all,flixsflixs,10/10best season yet
,Recommended,536220,30093469,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
,Recommended,536220,33145029,Posted: 2 July,all,OhNoItsATornahdo,the brawl of the walking dead series; the game no one likes because it isnt melee
76561197978624503,Recommended,536220,34414272,Posted: 22 August,all,-=[TsjuunTze]=-,It may be a bit less then the first two Walking Dead games. But its is worth every cent.The good:- As always with Telltale: The story!- Overall feel- Characters.The less good (not saying bad!)- Choises seem to matter less then thet did in the first two games.-Kenny dies!- Some small glitches
,Recommended,536220,34414148,Posted: 22 August,all,ThePatrioticIdiot,what a amazing game a story so rich and pure its so involving and makes you feel for your characters
,Not Recommended,536220,32138219,Posted: 2 June,all,exertuz,"This game is a perfect example of how not to handle a sequel.It tries to do most of what the previous games did, but does it MUCH worse than ever before (both in terms of gameplay and story). This game continues the unfortunate tradition of choices not mattering, and this time in the biggest way yet. Even when the choices actually 'matter' a bit, they didn't matter to me because the characters are flat and poorly written, and I didn't care what would happen to them. By the fifth episode I was just making random choices because thats how little I cared. There's an emotional disconnect running rampant throughout the whole game because of how weak the characters are. The actual plot of the game is bland, predictable and uninteresting.This game is also a huge 'f*ck you' to fans of the series. The final choices of season 2 are rendered completely useless here. No matter what you chose, Clementine will be in the same situation this season. The only impact the final choices made werehalf-a$$ed 5 minute flashbacks where they try to tie up last seasons plot and connect it to this one. Except this is done so poorly that it serves as nothing but a huge slap to the face to anyone who played season 2, especially to ones that chose to go with either Jane or Kenny. Jane's conclusion is a tad more fitting, but Kenny's end is so f*cking laughable that it makes me wanna scream. Kenny, one of the most important characters in this series, is killed off in a random car accident. I really hope I don't have to explain why this is utterly ridiculous. You might remember that they did this same thing last season, with Omid and Christa, but even though that wasn't handled well by any means, its absolutely nothing compared to this. Even as someone who ended up at Wellington last season, I was still dissapointed by how lazily Telltale tied that up this season.Clementine is largely dissapointing throughout this season. There's not much to her other than being a ""badass"", which I don't much care for, If I'm honest. It feels forced this season, as opposed to Season 2 where the badass moments for the most part felt very natural and earned, as there's more to Clem's character than just being badass. There were other things they tried to do with her this season, some emotional scenes and what not but like most of what this game has to offer it felt forced and cringy. She doesn't really impact the plot in any meaningful way, which oddly enough I kinda prefer. If you're gonna include her as a big character this season, have her serve as little purpose as possible I guess.There's not much to say about Javier. He's likable if not a little bland but I care as little about his family as I do any of the other characters this season (which is very little), and that's a problem since his whole story centers around his family. The rest of the cast isn't even worth mentioning, honestly.I don't know how Telltale allowed this to happen. They've been on a huge decline in quality lately with everything past Game of Thrones being pretty garbage with the exception of Batman, but I thought (or at least hoped) it wouldn't bleed into their good series', but I was wrong. Its an unbelievably massive drop in quality from Season 2 and I'm really worried for Telltale's future now. If The Wolf Among Us 2 and the next season of TWD end up being anything close to this bad, I can officially say that I have lost faith in Telltale completely and will not be buying more of their games.Tl;DR: This is a mediocre game, an awful sequel, and a huge slap to the face to fans. I'm losing faith in Telltale.That's really all I want to say. I could say a lot more, but I'm not gonna bother since there are already loads of people that have covered what I would say much better than I ever could.  So, thanks for sticking with me to the end of this little review/rant of mine, I hope you got something out of it or at least enjoyed reading it."
76561197988456609,Recommended,536220,33975910,Posted: 2 August,all,GreySoul,"This is what brothers a tale of 2 sons wishes it was...a real story about family and brothers in particular with consequence based on your decisions that never feels cheap and petty but rather a continuation of their troubled past exacerbated by their current situation...essential like every other tell take game... I own all of the ones I don't have on steam on cell phone aside form the minecraft one and this continues the trend of being a great story with minimal gameplay. My only gripe is it is not a sequel to the wolf amongst us which I am still waiting for....well that and the fact that I did right by my brothr the whole game did not make a single advance on his hot wife despite the game insinuating his death and by the end  he still turned on me like a jealous 16 year old girl having an irrational tantrum over her boyfriend  the captain of the football team sleeping with her best friend who just got her♥♥♥♥♥♥..That aside I look forward to how my shaping of clementine will affect her in the next story It will be interesting if we can turn her into a wholesome survivor or a crazed killer like Kenny ended up being by the end My hope is when they decide to end her story we get a flash forward of Clementine in a half poncho hoodie hybrid and silver hair looking like Ana form Overwatch with a hook for a hand and a sniper rifle swooping in saving some young girl with a ""come with me if you want to live"" she deserves a long life in this series and she is my favorite heroine in gaming bar none. I have watched her from childhood alone in a tree house to her first awkward period...I swear to all that is holy they better do right by my girl...no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Game of Thrones tear jerking♥♥♥♥♥♥sequences or that on the chin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...she outlives Rick, and Daryle or riot.....8 out of 10P.S. My only regret is not gunning down that stupid asian doctor that betrayed me her logic was so rediculous and she had no remorse she needed to get dead....theres always next season..."
,Recommended,536220,34151615,Posted: 10 August,all,Clementine,There is a secret where you can Model Swap Characters it's called the ttarch.exe
,Not Recommended,536220,34183373,Posted: 11 August,all,AvidChronos,"Honestly, skip this one. If you're a die hard fan you will probably like it, but otherwise, expect to pay the same price for half the story. Oh and no cliff hangers."
76561198005920534,Recommended,536220,34185823,Posted: 12 August,all,ghostly909,"A game of choice,the choice being do you like Telltale games or not(I have a number of Telltale games),and like all there games,there are good parts and bad.Reading other reviews before buying help if you know nothing of TWD series,as a fan i found i agree with both positive and negative(constructive) and can relate to both,and yes i will buy the next series of TWD when it returns.Hopefully developers too look at reviews,so they can fix bugs(cut scenes where a dead caracter is now walking with you and it ain't a ghost),or create a better game that impresses all."
76561197969421529,Recommended,536220,34178514,Posted: 11 August,all,Twistcap,"Really good story, I liked it better than season 2.I little short though, you don't have that many choices that forges the story.Still an amazing experience and story."
76561198140813038,Recommended,536220,32107445,Posted: 1 June,all,Oggod,"A Great start with a good level of quality similar to previous Telltale games but it falls flat as the episodes continue, not to mention the fact that the episodes are way too short making the game beatable in around 6-7 hours.I still recommend it because of its cheap price and connection to Season 1 and 2 but Telltale needs to step up its game thats all I can say"
,Not Recommended,536220,34176502,Posted: 11 August,all,SEEKER,"This game does not save my progress. I contacted Telltale support, and they told me that my save files need to be in C: directory documents, not E:. This didn't resolve the issue. Telltale support ignored the ticket."
,Recommended,536220,28502474,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Finnick`,"So far, the story is interesting and I like it.But my only concern is how clementine doesn't really appear often as she should.We were left with a cliffhanger from season 3, and it cleared some of it up.But I do think we should be allowed to play Clementine in the same timeline of being with Javier.I just think, it would be more Dynamic ya'know?It's a great game, and I'm really enjoying it so far.But the episodes also seem WAY to short.I comepleted the first episode in an hour, compared to season 1 where it could take me atleast 1-3 hours to finish an episode(because it was quite slow)But Season 3 seems to try get the story quick and done with.There isn't much development with character unless you count clementine becoming more self aware instead of being with larger groups.The story of the game just feels rushed to me.Not saying I don't enjoy the pacing, I was so pumped for this game nontheless, and I'm excited to try out other story paths.There may be more things to come in the next few episodes that blow my points off the board, but I do feel like the story is transitioning from one thing to another in almost an instant.also clementine is ♥♥♥♥ing badassespecially Jesus, did yall see dat ♥♥♥♥ing wall jump and kick to the face of that walker?that was gold"
76561198096391394,Not Recommended,536220,28495590,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Livvy,"Well, this went downhill very fast. I guess Telltale Games tried to kinda bait the old fans back to the series with the first two episodes, cause the ones following are just plain bad. Season 1 was a masterpiece, Season 2 was great, but this is just a mess.The Characters are just being stupid, the gameplay is slimmed down to simply pushing a button once every ten minutes und selecting choices that don't even matter. I think I was in this only 1 1/2 h long episode only able to walk around freely twice for a total of <10 minutes. What happened to the good, old The Walking Dead Games? Where you were just exploring the Drug store and picking up food to cheer up your allies? Can't see anthing like that here at all.I couldn't care less about any of the characters anymore, expect Clementine and AJ, and even her storyline they ♥♥♥♥ off more and more. Now they try to push as hard as they can this random teenage dude (can't even remember his name, as I can't remember any of the characters names at all, cause I just couldn't care less) as a boyfriend onto her, which is so totally unnecessary and not important to her storyline at all.After the third Episode already being bad and hard to plow through, the forth I nearly quit midway and after the ending I don't even know if I even want to start playing the last one (Can't even say how much I hate this ""woman dies for mans pain"" trope and they're doing it AGAIN). It feels like they just randomly kill off characters for ""shock"" and nothing else. It's getting old and it's not shocking anymore, it's just annoying.You were once good, Telltale, but I guess I just gotta stick with Dotnot now, cause they do the job much better.3/10"
76561198119413677,Not Recommended,536220,28881065,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Connor,"OVERALL REVIEW - 5/10Right now I cannot recommend this game.Remember season 2? Those decisions you had to make like,killing Kenny to save Jane or letting Kenny kill Jane to save Kenny.Yeah that doesn't impact a single♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N G thing. Like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Telltale. Does it require to much brainpower to come up with a story that comes along with those choices?Within the 1st 45 minutes both characters that were determinant in the season 2 finale die in a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ripoff way. Kenny gets paralyzed in a car wreck and screams at walkers to chew him up while you run off with AJ. Also, Jane ends up ♥♥♥♥ing hanging herself (what?!) because she was pregnant Oh, and remember Wellington? You F.UCKING guessed it, it got ♥♥♥♥ing raided by some c.unts and ended up killing that girl Edith who lets you into Wellington in S2. so basically you are alone no matter f.ucking what.It's like Telltale just completely forgot about season 2, and when they remembered it they just threw some dogshit ""flashback"" into your game to explain why they can't give you a story based on your decisions.That little saying they have at the beginning of every episode that is like,""This game is based on your decisions, yadda yadda. Your decisions shape the story.""Well F.UCKING forget that. It's horse s.hit. You make a decision and in the next episode or in 10 minutes it doesn't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ For example,Season 1 you save Ben from crawford. Too bad, he is going to die anyway!I might recommend this game if the story of season 3 is good enough, or when I can actually play as Clementine.UPDATE: I also want to add that these episodes are shorter than 1 f.u.cking episode in S1, S2 & The Walking Dead: Michonne. Like holy sh.it. Telltale is really f.ucking up. & The only reason I have 10 hours is because I left my computer on while on the main menu of this game.UPDATE: Episode 3 Was okay. I am now changing my review for the game. The episode was still short but had a somewhat good story. Sadly you don't play as Clementine in that episode. 7/10UPDATE: Episode 4 was very good. The whole episode kept me interested and got some amazing flashbacks for Clementine. The ending was a suspenseful cliffhanger. Many losses this episode. Sadly, you don't play as Clementine in the episode... AGAIN. 8/10UPDATE: Episode 5 was a complete letdown. I've never been more dissapointed in MY LIFE. Spoilers ahead, Clementine's story about A.J is never enclosed. Javier can become the leader of Richmond for some reason, and David dies. It was such a predictable episode. I really want my money back right now, this whole season was pointless. They should have put their effort into a actual SEASON 3 not A New Frontier. 1/10 - Garbage."
,Not Recommended,536220,31367616,Posted: 25 April,all,Rowdy Ryan,"One of my favorite game series story wise, but unfortunately I have stopped playing and can't recommend since i've had weird graphical errors for almost 25% of the gameplay. There is no real story choice, you can do really anything and get the same anwer, I also hate when you choose an option and the voice is saying something completely different from what your option was. Sometimes it means the same thing sometimes you're sitting there like wtf..."
76561198070124052,Not Recommended,536220,32072350,Posted: 30 May,all,clef,"Let down, don't purchase. Maybe just watch it on youtube to see the story."
,Recommended,536220,30800624,Posted: 28 March,all,palcówsówka,"Tough one. Started really bad, I mean it's really only 4 episodes, ep1 and ep2 launched together to cover up the fact that each of them could be done in 45 min. That's the main problem of season 3. I played episodes 1-3, at launch of 4 game stopped reading my save file and couldn't even import decisions from s2 (therefore from s1 either). That got me really angry. I had to play entire season 3 again, checking everything and talking to everyone, taking my time big way. I hit 10 h mark in the end, not good enough for me. Maybe it's just my perception but S1 and S2 were at least 10h long on single playthrough. This one is 6-7 h top (Tales from the Borderlands took my 15 h....)Technically it's the best TT game so far, graphics are high level (for this kind of game and possibilities of game's engine), and animations mimics are really good, voice acting is at it's best.But game lacks something in the core. First of all, for the first half (eps 1-3) the game is VERY linear. I played as a good guy and as a complete ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the outcomes were completely the same, the only difference was one npc living (and the he got killed off anyway). In eps4-5 however, I see potential for story branching but I only played that part once. What I really miss, is the feeling of overwhelming despair and survival. Most of the game consists of kinda awkward and fake ""stand-offs"" between characters, they are very angry, we see them threaten each other, yet politely standing in circle talking line after line. What really annoyed (or more like got me 'huh?') was the fact that I made bad and annoying choices on purpose yet somehow got semi-happy ending.I liked new characters, Javi and Kate especially, I didn't like Clem becoming NPC (apart from brief flashbacks), I didn't like Gabe, he was such an annoying brat (kinda his role here though). Clementine is Clem, you love her unconditionally. Speaking of her, you may think they move her into the background in the franchise story. It's not entirely true, It's really all about Clem in the end, you will see in the end. I really liked what they did in the other apart from standard “you and x% of other players chose this and that” but I’m not going to spoiler it. There were few shocking unexpected moments.Telltale’s flagship franchise is holding strong but is in desperate need of some fresh air for season 4.TL,DR:6,5/10 it's not bad, just.... meh.Note:My first original review was negative due to technical problems."
76561198030224481,Recommended,536220,35052988,Posted: 18 September,all,Kreus,In spite of some storytelling flaws I loved every second of this game
,Recommended,536220,35053976,Posted: 18 September,all,Dozenbeer,"Amazing story and directing. A tense story that has much more variety this time.Pros:+ amazing story+ the directing is fantastic, truely a cinematic experience+ your choices matter much more this time+ my choices from the first 2 seasons were implemented and recognizable+ the new characters are interesting and real, no superheroes or perfect human beings+ the choices are very hard as usual+ loved that every episode has the Walking Dead title screen, making it like a TV show+ the music is fantastic+ even if your choices didnt matter, its a damn good movie on itself+ the ending of the game is so good, the music, the scenery, its awesome+ it shows you how your story was crafted in the end, with a lot of timelines that could have been differentCons:- I encountered a couple of graphical glitches, like a backpack glitching out or random black bars, after all these years and experience with these games, you would think Telltale would learn, these are bugs that I encountered in other TTGames as well- the story isnt perfect, meaning that some choices can lead to scratching your head, like (mild spoiler ahead):Clementine joined a group and they show a flashback, where you can play as her and decline the groups invitation.....even though she ends up joining them anyway, which makes little senseI really enjoyed playing this Season. Its rare to find a game where you will think about the characters or the story outside of the game and this Season surely did this to me. Loved it and cant wait for another Season."
76561198103933964,Recommended,536220,35039800,Posted: 17 September,all,WindMageMaster,"Very underrated and unfairly bashed season in my opinion. Obviously, it doesn't hold much a candle to Season 1, but with that being said, I think most people sort of miss the point of this season. It's a GOOD THING that Clementine wasn't the main protagonist in this game. Had it been another Season 2 setup where we see and act from her perspective, it could've very well overdone and worn out her character. Instead, she plays a role both similar and different to that of Season 1. She's a sponge- taking in and obsorbing all YOUR character's actions and decisions, just as she did with Lee. She's just an entirely different and much older person now, hence- Javi/the player, has a much different interaction with her than they did with Lee. But by the end of the season, you'll notice she's changed and grown having been around Javi and his family compared to when you first meet her at the start of Season 3.People seem to forget that Season 1 was about Lee. Much of the game is interacting with other characters in the group, including Clem, but also outside of Clem. It's very similar here, just different circumstances and relation to her. Plus, we're getting a Clem focused final season, so I honestly don't see what the fuss is about. This approach felt fresh and much needed.The atmosphere also felt fresh and I thought the characters were interesting- BUT, most of them weren't fleshed out enough. We needed more time to get to know them and interact with them in hubs. Episode 1 & 2 had good hubs. Episode 4 had okay hubs. But the lack of hubs in Episode 3 and 5 really hurt the game. Especially episode 3, which could've benefited the characters greatly if there had been a few fleshed out hubs where we can approach and converse with all of them. It also sucks that most of the character archetypes are ones we've seen before, so while I find them interesting in flavor and personality-wise, we've seen these sort of characer archs before.Episode length is also too short, as many have pointed out.Choices, despite what people say, actually matter a bit more in this season than previous ones. Well, some of them. Conrad is a great example, but also choices from previous Seasons heavily affect Clem and her dialogue and decisions in Episode 5, and in turn, affect the ending you get. Sadly, what overshadows those, are choices like the Tripp/Ava thing that don't matter. Or the horrible S2 ending flashbacks (although, I went off alone in S2- so I managed to avoid those).I have other things I can nitpick, but overall, it's a worthy Walking Dead Season. Doesn't deserve the hate it gets, though I  more or less agree with critiques about it."
76561198016775375,Recommended,536220,35094508,Posted: 20 September,all,TheBigJambowski,"This is an excellent game despite many of the mostly unwarranted negative reviews it has recieved. While the criticisms lodged are very much vindicated, I feel it's unfair to judge the game so harshly when it includes everything we expect from a Telltale title.In short, A New Frontier is a quality experience, but players of the previous two seasons won't find much in the way of consequence for their decisions up to this point (save for a bonus character evaluation during the credits, which just might be a factor in the next season - who knows). On the other hand, this is a perfect jumping on point for anyone who hasn't played TWD or indeed a Telltale title in the past.Those who do, however, will be missing out on Clementine's development up until this point. We feel like we've been raising this girl since the apocalypse left her an orphan, and not appreciating this during your game time will make you a horrible, horrible person."
76561198031875543,Recommended,536220,32069914,Posted: 30 May,all,Poliban,"I think this is still a good game, unfortunately The Walking Dead series as been getting worse by the season, the only person I really cared about was Clem, Jesus was awesome but not enough screen play for me to really care, but talking about Clem there is good news, aparently you get to play her on season 4, so lets hope they do a game better than the second one, as I believe they can't do better than the first one"
76561197997214088,Recommended,536220,35141800,Posted: 22 September,all,blackShawarma,"Like previous games, some of the choices will have your heart pounding and anxiety levels rising. Most of the characters are engaging and believeable. The story is top-notch and entertaining. It's cool that you can import your saves/choices from all the way back in season 1- really makes it feel like you're part of a pretty epic multi-year tale. I would have liked there to have been some puzzles though - a set or two with something to figure out adventure game-style using inventory items. But that's not really what these games are - they're interactive stories where the decision making and characters are the puzzles. Great game, highly recommend."
76561197970281436,Recommended,536220,35032088,Posted: 17 September,all,feedyourtv,This is my favorite of the 3. Vastly improved story and graphics. Still not perfect but I'm ready for the next one.
76561198093206985,Recommended,536220,35022207,Posted: 17 September,all,PlyingFiddle260,"Great story, cant wait for unfortenally last season but epic final with Clem"
76561198020536919,Recommended,536220,35037272,Posted: 17 September,all,Shansharpe,"Much better this time around. Story lines are tight, characters are well written and choices are numerous. It is more involved than TWD original. Harder and fast paced when the time comes for you to do your part. Pretty good!"
,Recommended,536220,35080615,Posted: 20 September,all,Stelios,Very good
76561198025531773,Recommended,536220,35057302,Posted: 18 September,all,DreamWarriors,"I am not going to give this a negative review. It is quality and has it's moments. Just realize it is not as good as the first two in the series. It lacks the heart of the (especially the first) the others. It feels more action oriented. You feel less in control--- it doesn't matter what you do really. But it DID scratch that itch. I hope Telltale rights the ship in the next installment, if there is one. Slow it down. Add weight to the situation. Throw in some existential crisis. Blah blah blah.Btw, I tried to be Ghandi like with ""David"". But when the last episode started I said to the screen, ""David, brother, I have been trying to find a reason NOT to kill you since episode 1, and you have been non stop spitting in my face. This isn't going to end well."" Basically, the writers never gave you a reason to be nice to David besides, uhhhhh- he's your brother. Not good enough."
,Recommended,536220,28956301,Posted: 2 January,all,Internalized Oppression,At this point the only good walking dead titles are the ones that have nothing to do with the comics
,Recommended,536220,35158005,Posted: 23 September,all,Ma1kaa,"only worth it for clem, rest of the story is boring"
76561198423847769,Recommended,536220,35167696,Posted: 23 September,all,7SaneOceans,"Fun!Overall:This game is a bit different than the first two - it's a bit lighter, I think. More action, fewer emotional gut-punches (which are great and I like, and there are definitely some in here, just not as many as the other games).Pros:I had a great time playing it, and to me it's more replayable than the others. This is perhaps because it feel lighter to me. At least as light as anything related to TWD can get. I wasn't sure about Javi at first (he followed Clem as protagonist after all), but in the end I was squarely in his corner. I enjoyed playing him and seeing how Clem was growing up (she's awesome).Cons:My main issue was that the romance with Kate was a bit forced on Javi. They felt more like bros to me, so I had him turn her down. I also with they had done more with the hint at the end with Jesus. But these aren't major concerns.I look forward to replaying it and trying different options."
,Not Recommended,536220,30053211,Posted: 20 February,all,froppy,"Fans that played and are fans of the first two games, I recommend you stay away from  this. Clem's objectives have basically gone no where. This game has disappointing deaths all around for the most part. This whole game seems like filler.-7/10"
