user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,536660,34720764,Posted: 3 September,all,Pr0wn,"This game is your typical survival/base building game with the twist that you are a pioneer in a partly failed mission to build a colony ready to receive people on a mars-type planet.After a short intro where you have to get to the habitat, where the basic structures are placed, you need to accomplish certain assignments to progress, building infrastructure and doing exploration runs to mine resources. The first phase is a time-race as you need to build set of structures in order to survive (O2, water, food), and after the base development phase begins.While in EA, i do not recommend the game at this stage for mainly gameplay reasons.On the positive/- The game is playable and no bugs have been encountered so far.- Content is adequate for a release in Early Access. Several vehicles, buildings, and upgrades are present.- While the graphics are not astonishing the overall aspect of the terrain is what you could expert from a martian type planet surface, apart from the obviously shaped bridges and tunnels that allows you to pass through mountain ranges.On the negative side:- No pointers are given which makes the first attemps difficult. Pressing needs such as oxygen and water should be better managed in the first phases.- This game is also ergonomically deficient, inventory management is prehistorical (manual transfer of items and a ridiculously low capacity of storage for every container), individual interfaces are neat but it remains tedious to juggle between all of them- Controls are horrible, in particular the vehicles where 90% of the time is spent. Between the inability to reverse when needed, getting stuck in certain places, and the really capricious excavator arm which has the shortest reach possible, this renders the exploration and mining experience frustrating, which is the core of the game.As a conclusion i do not recommend the game at this stage but the content is promising and if some major works are done on the gameplay aspects (this should really be sorted out before making any new content) then this game can be a good one."
76561198127799431,Not Recommended,536660,35092659,Posted: 20 September,all,Mork.us,"BIG NASTY BUGS in JCB Pioneer: Mars -I love the idea of this game,  BUT--....some things I noted. (click on this story for full review and game details). - It is NOT Worth 25 Dollars  It is far from a finished product.  Dev's release patch's that are broken!  Bottom line up front... Don't buy this!   Patches seem to make the game worse in many aspects death storms now?.  No updates to things that important. No suit upgrades or fixes. At the current rate of fixes Im thinking this  game might be a ready product in about a year.----------If I could get a refund I would !I built EVERYTHING, Not easy to do... All structures.. But it's pretty hard to find gear or collectors? that's all that's needed to use for solid power? Once I found it and install it, I find out it erodes very fast and the fuel cant be used in Generator as yet? (27-Sept-2017) I made a bunch of wind generators but never seems to be enough to power all buildings like DORM and Bio Lab and Or Cantina with rest. A refinery takes less power? but those take more? I cant enter them? I can't get water or food without finding Plastic bottles or purification pills, serious?!! This needs a rework. I post on your forums but no response. People need to know this before they spend money. -That said this game is still fun and still squeeky new.1. You have multiple Memory leaks in game. Game runs slower and slower with time until it crashes. -seems to happen more during the upgrade process-3d printer issues?2. You recently added a top layer of sand / dust to game which hides holes people get stuck in.3. ---Fatal error-- Happens a lot. a bit less with graphics turned way down.4. You cant make water containers with natural elements? Again you must find Plastic Bottles or purification pills to make water / food - And if you make one why cant it be reused to refill with water? Can we make Purification pills or plastics* for making water containers. ? Something.. anything please.5 No end game content. Can't bring colonists in no matter what you do EVER.  Dead end.6. No official guide available?7. Official Web site is weak and it's Forum is broken or non responsive.https://community.gamesco.net/viewforum.php?f=3(Steam is OK however)8. Being able to Move buildings around or disconnect wires would be very nice.9. Being able to save or load games would be nice.(Update a way has been found to save game in Steam,  Its a bit of a process but I listed how in forum.)10. I made a space suit.. researched it all the way to max. **Picked a few choice upgrades and skipped many. I can't buy another suit? I can't get back to the earlier ones after upgrade last one.** No path I can see to Max Corrosion (15)  max i can see is 10 meaning no path to enter cave safely so far with boxes left unavailible.   **I upgraded equipment to max on suits but its not enough to enter the cave. IM STUCK on that too.. no new suit is offered.. and I cant change choices!!**  Dead end.11. One level only - Hard Core. Others are listed but they don't work.12. I added a few spaces to vehicle inventory and drop in a rare item i find only to find it go POOF. Not on ground and not in my inventory and not in Vehicle ... ARRRGG.  (Note recent patch seems to have fixes that.)  Loot or inventors drops where you log or go LD at.13. BOOM! - My advance refinery 2 just blew up! and patence with JCB Mars.Ok i was on a longer run but this is rediculious. I was repairing all buildings as i do every dam time I get back which BTW is just plain tedious.  I was in the process of building my last building and repairing my structures which were about 50% health BTW. And it blows up leaving litterally next to nothing.  >_<I think my next step is  put it on the back burner and not recommend this to anyone for now until more bugs get fixed.  So far the devs seem receptive. Points to be concerned about..No manual. No instructions. No easy save or load option. Constant errors. invisable rocks. hidden holes. lost experiance. Lost items. Dying without reason. Restart from scratch many times. The game has great potential but its far from a finished product that said it is still fun to play.I paid for this game.   I gave it more than a fair shot.  I hope the bugs get corrected.AGAIN-  I found out you can actually make a backup / save through steam it works a bit more difficult to do but worth the time to do, I left instructions on how to do it on disscussion forum.(UPDATE)  5 October 2017  The Dev team does take comments into account and are working to improve game 2 patches in one month.   Since my post they have Fixed the solid fuel generator.  Reduce corrosion rate.  Made a save / load game button -which is bugged.   Made a way to make water using natural resources. No perma food process as yet.so some nice improvements but a long way to go.  Also latest patch has cause death dust storms that are unavoidable..  When you die you better have made a backup save because it all disappears and you start over.   I would think they would at least run this on a test server.Hope it gets fixed but a lot of people are running away from this.- This is an early realease game so bear that in mind.BOOM. GL all.http://prntscr.com/gnnmbm"
76561198089118704,Recommended,536660,34824652,Posted: 8 September,all,HippyTazr,"Starting to love it more every time I play, just got a huge update, and i'm pumped to see what the devs have fixed.  For now ill say this tho, If you love to Mine stuff, explore a huge map, fix problems, not be bugged by other players or mutant aliens, and build/craft using mined and found resources... You will love this game, yeah it needs work and takes some getting the hang of, but refer to the community blog and continue on as i have and the game doesn't disappoint..."
76561197995321987,Recommended,536660,34724914,Posted: 3 September,all,KO,"Really enjoying the game. It starts out rough, but if you are patient and learn the ropes, it is very fun. I like the style of the buildings and vehicles. I like the ease of getting resources without the grind. Definitely a diamond in the rough. I see it as a game with a lot of potential."
,Recommended,536660,34819354,Posted: 8 September,all,Bledig,"Not a bad game.Pretty difficult the first time to understand how to dodge a lvl 7 meteor shower/lvl 3 radioactive/geyser.Some bugs but only my fault (messing with the save file) but only one problem last time i died. The menu became unusable.Good game, great potential."
,Not Recommended,536660,35354211,Posted: 30 September,all,Funky,"Ok I understand this is an early access game however if your going to release an update on a Friday and not be around to address bugs created by this update does pisses me off. I am now unable to repair my vehicles on top of DRAGGING Ore into boxes now makes them disappear. Yes that’s correct you Drag crap you can’t simply hold down shift and quick move anything. I would say the Landscapes should also be totally redone graphically they are crapy compared to most, everywhere you travel you’ll  see jagged lines in all the rocks very poorly made and the lava caves are terrible. To top if off they have these red lines that appear to show you when meteors  are about to hit how realistic is that? It takes the immersiveness out of the game completely. Only thing they got right are the Vehicles which you can’t use now.  Osiris New Dawn blows this game out of the water even when it was first released. I would have to compare these two games due to how many major similarities they are. I would not buy this game until another year I wish I could get my money back."
76561198020359057,Recommended,536660,34822237,Posted: 8 September,all,delphon,"For being early  in its life this is a promising title.  Still needs work on tutorial and features but in early access I look more for the overall design, interface, story, and level of engagement.  At this point I feel this game has the potential to be a very populer title for this genre."
76561198047533528,Not Recommended,536660,34681884,Posted: 2 September,all,AdamvR,"A game with a serious identity crisis.It starts steep and has heaps of bugs.  But that's just being in Early Access, and there is proof they are being quickly addressed by the devs. So no need to hang up on them.The bigger problem is the uncertain genre of the game, which will most likely take a PVP MMO direction.Right now, the game is unfinished, with lots of content missing, and as such tries to appeal to explorers and builders. While their cash is welcome, they will likely get disappointed soon, as the planned direction is:""Frontier Gameplay - related to rival corporation narrative with a gameplay involving shooting""The game has started off with a plan to be an MMO. Great investment in stunning scenery and realistic machinery (designed by actual JCB engineers) that are extremely fun to drive around in the environment. Really.The team has probably ran out of money, or for any other reason had to do an earlier start, resulting in cutting corners and releasing whatever they had ready. The bugs are fine, as they are being corrected.The bigger problem is that due to such repurposing the concept has gotten lost, and the genre became extremely fuzzy and inconsistent.A game with an identity crisis.So how well is the promise ""a hardcore blend of survival and construction gameplay"" met?""Survival"" ?Taking place on Mars, and trying to be more or less realistic there are no zombies, cannibals, dinos or other mythical monsters to survive against. The only realistic challenge here is exposure to the environment. Since that probably did not seem to be interesting enough for gameplay, it has been spiced up with some meteor showers, acid clouds, geysers, tornados, glaciers and radioactive sites filling up the majority of the space that is not prohibitively difficult to drive on. Practically turning the game into a 3D ""super mario"" where you need to dodge the various obstacles the team could come up with and throw you at. (Or discover and learn the ""long-cut"" getting to the resources driving around in relative safety.)Main aspects of survival (O2, food and water) are easily covered after the first few missions, and stop being interesting.Other more realistic aspects of the Martian environment are missed out (temperature, radiation, seasonal weather and daylight changes).We do not really know much about our avatar, and his/her physical state of ""survival"", skills, resilience or anything like that.There is no growing threat that you should build your armor, base and defenses against, something to keep you challenged.Unless of course, you add rival companies, who will start to kill you in your quest ripping The Red Planet off of its resources.(Why else would we go there, really?)""Adventure"" ?There is a lot of exploration to do.The map is made up of a mix and match of real Martian geographies stitched together, which is actually pretty much fun to drive around in the cool vehicles (a couple upgrades are advised though).Driving in the canyons, flats, bumps, craters, edges and cliffs while trying to discover more and more resource ponds is fun. Not hundreds of hours fun, but a couple dozen for sure.""Construction"" ?You can build your base made of pre-designed buildings, which can be upgraded and specialized. You can refine the minerals you mine and sell them to cover your expansion.The purpose of this expansion, however is unknown at this point. There are no potential directions to take, no broad set of buildings that you can build. You cannot choose your preference what you want to build or your strategy how to get there. Instead: you are constantly being bombarded with ""missions"" - which are practically just the game telling you what to build next. And these missions seem to be the primary way to get advancement (financially and in XP). The only _choice_ you can make is in what order you build the buildings the game is telling you to build. Well, such level of handholding may pleasure some players, but not all. Not me for sure. Of course, later it might be more open: to build the buildings that help you better in a PVP combat, but that seems quite far away yet, and is a very different direction from the current ""builder/explorer"" shape.""Role Playing"" ?Your player seems to be gaining XP, and get level-ups.There is however complete mystery about what that means, how that impacts your gameplay (if at all) and what you can do about it.No choices, no skills to select, no specialization, no unlocking of new possibilities. Nada.Maybe something interesting comes here later on, but most likely related to the shooting aspect. That's just a guess though.""Simulation""?Well, driving around the JCB machines custom-designed for this game in the beautifully crafted map is fun. Really fun.""Management""?The game at this point seems to be about discovering resource pools, using the minerals to build up your base, refine them and sell the surplus to (partially) fund your endeavours.At this point you have to do all this manually: Drive out, dodge the obstacles, discover the resources, mine them, transport back, and move them between your backpack, your vehicle, storage, refineries and 3D printers.That means a lot of taxiing and packing the resources from A to B. This actually takes up 80% of the gameplay.There seem to be plans to add workers later on, who might hopefully do some of this grinding for you, but how that's done is unclear.I am especially wondering how workers will drive around with the resources dodging the ""super mario"" style obstacles scattered between the resource ponds and your base. What paths will they be taking and how their driving skills' results (the damage to or destruction of the vehicles) is going to be managed.I do not really think the current design of the game supports this ""management"" type of direction too much.All in all, I think a lot of work has gone into the game, great design and working engine (apart from the bugs that you also need to count with at this point).As a simulation/exploration game it is already quite fun. But I'm not sure if that's enough.In the future, it might become a great PVP MMO, if you are into that. Right now there is no content supporting that direction.At the moment it seems more like being a building/exploring game, but with limitations to content, too much handholding, and lots of grinding and silly obstacle-dodging in gameplay. And, if the direction changes, it might be disappointing for current players.A beautiful and promising game, but with a serious identity crisis."
,Recommended,536660,34728463,Posted: 3 September,all,Deaf3279,"I love any game based on mars colony like this one... take on mars... and few other games So I would recommend but be aware, there's plenty buggy in this game for example. I step out my rover only one... It just *proof* diapper. Now I have to start game all over again :/"
76561198131229739,Recommended,536660,34818720,Posted: 8 September,all,=AGP=Front1erm4n,"Difficult to get into but quite fun once you get the hand of it.Less hard on the simulation aspect than e.g. Take On Mars but still demanding in other ways.Progression is maybe a bit slow but if you remember where to get the resources you need and how to ""read"" the terrain to get there your limiting factor will be how far you want to go and how much time you have.Devs already stated that the game will receive Multiplayer and Coop gameplay. I can imagine that this game could be entertaining for a small group of friends trying to build a colony together.Depending on the further development and the engagement of the devs, which are already quite active in the discussions, I would at the moment recommend this game."
76561198117564303,Not Recommended,536660,34913274,Posted: 12 September,all,jmall2021,"Keep in mind this is EA and this game literally just came out.But my sessions are not loading any JCB vehicles or buildings/habitats.Getting around totally on foot is not very enjoyable!Until this issue is fixed, I will not be playing anymore. Afterwards, I will update my reviews as we go along.Cannot recommend at it's current state. I hear the devs are great though. Can't wait to see what the future holds for this title.- J Major."
,Not Recommended,536660,35142272,Posted: 22 September,all,Sanman622,"I love the idea and I can see real promise. However, right now it's extremely slow game play and pretty unblanaced. I know I will be back once more updates come out to balance the game a bit and add more content. I would buy the game to help support the developers but don't expect to spend hours doing much other then driving around trying to find ways around mountain ranges looking for little pockets of ore that sit on the surface.The digging mechanics are a clunky as welll; again; it's alpha and it can only get better. I will totally change my rating to a buy once some of these bugs / issues are sorted out. The first big one, if I die I want to be able to go back to my last save with my stuff."
76561198011657297,Recommended,536660,34867263,Posted: 10 September,all,Scorpion,"Played it littlebit, and like it so fare..Just wish there was other difficulty level then the most hard unlocked...Guess normal difficulty open soon?"
76561198009023515,Not Recommended,536660,35099951,Posted: 21 September,all,jason_tift,"piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ can't save, your rover gets stuck all the time, if you die you lose your work.  Biggest reason not to buy this game, you build a o2 machine, a water machine, you go looking for 1 ore to build the warehouse, you die, when you come back to life, your vehicle is in garage without the ore extractor (but it saves somehow i was told) Your o2 machine and water machine is gone....but about 10% of the ore it took is in crates around the base.The last review i wrote got me attacked by people who clearly are paid by jcb to make anyone posting bad reviews appear stupid.as a gamer of 22 years, and someone who's beta tested 40 games in 5 years. I would suggest 2 things to jcb. 1. It does not take much coding to make sure your BUILT BUILDINGS STAY after death if it's not perma death that shoulda been done even before early release. 2. If your gonna refund anything from the buildings you decided i had to keep rebuilding, 10% is not enough to make the game enjoyable, more like 70%. Spending 6 hours replaying 3 quests and never getting past the 3rd due to death and your stupid setup, is more then enough for me to have gotten a refund. Now your fan boys attacking me for a honest review has turned me off from ANY game your a part of."
76561198291660804,Recommended,536660,34819477,Posted: 8 September,all,-CML-Borismcgee,I like what this game could be and while I do reccomend the game I would also reccommend being paitent and allow for bugs as this is an early access.
76561198122114508,Not Recommended,536660,34865981,Posted: 10 September,all,Singthegrief,dont buy this. the fact they made its alpha only hardcore one life mode makes no since seeing as u dont explain the game well when you start i died around 5 times before i found out on my own how to get more air. but it took 2 hours to even get to this point. which im sure was the plan.
,Recommended,536660,34704602,Posted: 3 September,all,Razors Edge,Just a fantastic game.  The start is a bit rough but once you get the habitate online the fun really begins.  If your a sim builder / management junkie this is the game for you!!
,Not Recommended,536660,34732018,Posted: 4 September,all,Lociee,"Recent patch fixed the game not being able to launch, nice to see it got fixed fast.Haven't gotten enough playtime with it to give a full list of pros and cons but it feels very early still, so if you do not like playing early unpolished games *do not* buy it.Not much to go on,the game doesn't launch at all.Might change recommendation once it actually launches.EDIT: Yeah, this review is not a so much a complaint as it is just my freedom to not recommend a game that I found to not launch *at all*. I can't imagine getting a game to launch is a big task seeing as I have seen even absolute terrible Early Access titles pull this off."
76561197993444834,Not Recommended,536660,34673581,Posted: 1 September,all,Monk3y,"Wtf,are you Gyus kidding me?- does not read System GFX Settings, starts with 1280*768- cant open Controls to edit- after Dying you respawn somewhere and cant move- continuing your Game does not work, you freeze in Place- only Hardcore Mode is available- the Sound is aweful, was better on my Amiga 500- whats the Screen Shaking it makes me dizzy ffscan you please make it at least playable?"
76561198332412160,Recommended,536660,34997960,Posted: 16 September,all,2ltpowellb,"The gameplay its self is fine however, I am getting alot of fatal errors causing the game to crash."
76561198174732027,Not Recommended,536660,34892177,Posted: 11 September,all,kampbyll,"i luv this game but needs a lot more work done, it saves but only after curtain things are done, need a save point or some other save, also no way to collect RSS without the JBC machine , need a way to collect without that machine , i would like to explore the other game modes other than hard , there are a lot of bugs and things that need fixed at this point, maybe to early to be writing a review but people should know what there getting before they buy this , you are very limited to what you can do, the game is in progress i hope anyway , this will be a great game when finished as of now its not that great, im edgar to see what happens in the future with this game but optomistic it will all get done"
