user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,536930,29977945,Posted: 16 February,all,Highwind,"This is going to be a long review. If you only want to know if it's worth or not: it IS. Alternatively, you can scroll down and read the ""conclusion"" section.This review comes from a long time Final Fantasy player and fan, but I'll be as impartial as I can now.Story:Mobius Final Fantasy involves the story of the prophecy of the Warrior of The Light in the fight against the Chaos.Older Final Fantasy players will recognize Garland.The concept it's not much original, but the events that happen within the story deserves a note: they're pretty connected and the dialogues are very good as well.It's also important to progress in story to unlock more single player areas and challenges, which give awesome rewards.Gameplay:So far, there are 3 Classes (Jobs in the game) - Warrior, Mage and Ranger - and there are 4 roles: Attacker, Breaker, Defender and Healer. Attackers can be either Warriors or Mages and they are the source of raw damage. Enemies have an orange bar below their HP bar, which is their Break gauge. While they have it, they'll take less damage (both from skills and basic attacks), and when this bar drops to 0, they enter in the ""break"" state, which makes them be stunned for (usually) 4~5 turns, taking more damage from all sources and this is where the Breaker role enters in, usually coming from Warriors and mainly Rangers jobs. Defenders (usually Warriors) are the tanks, absorbing most of the damage from enemies and sometimes even taunting them. Healers (Mages) are the ones buffing and healing the entire party and even soaking up some damage if necessary.You start with 3 avaliable jobs: Onion Knight (Warrior), Apprentice Mage (Mage) and Neophyte Ranger (Ranger) and they evolve, unlocking another jobs. Not only that, but we may find other jobs from older Final Fantasy games, like: Thief, Dragoon, Red Mage and so on.The battles are turn-based like Final Fantasy VII, VIII and IX for example. There is no Mana Bar, you use the skills through orbs you generate. (like some puzzle games mechanics nowadays) It is worth mentioning that you'll generate only orbs that your Job uses - Every job uses 3 different elements of the 7 avaliable: Fire, Water, Wind, Earth, Light, Dark and Life.There is also the Ultimate, which is exactly like the Limit in Final Fantasy VII and VIII and Trance in IX: An unique and supreme skill. Every Job has a different Ultimate and the bar fills when you hit and take damage.Your avaliable skills will be determined by your cards, which you can acquire from monsters (weaker versions) or bought from Ability Shop with Ability Tickets, which is mostly composed of known figures to Final Fantasy players like Ifrit, Shiva, Moggle, etc. You can get up to 4 cards which will determine your skills. They also gain level and exp just like you and give you different attributes (HP, Magic, etc) when leveling and they are also separated/classified by class afinity: (Warrior/Mage/Ranger)You will spend stamina for each fight (they recover when you level up) and you are unable to fight when you are out of stamina. But you can still join Multiplayer parties if you want some recovery, you only spend stamina in Multiplayer if you create a party, not if you join them. (you recover 1 stamina every 5 minutes both in Single and Multiplayer, they have individual stamina bars.)Graphics:The graphics are great, 4k/60 FPS and the character details are literally 10/10, specially if you are a Final Fantasy fan.The only thing is that sometimes the landscapes are too much in second place because your character is pretty much always zoomed that the landscapes are either are not noticed or feels repetitive, but they also look very good.Sound:The sound can get repetitive because of the ""Map music"" which is kind of a short loop, but the battle songs are amazing.Most of them are fast-paced (usually rock songs that feel fresh and adds an exciting atmosphere) and you can still recognize some small things, like the cursor moving, that's the same sound from the oldest Final Fantasy games and the traditional victory theme, of course.Conclusion:At first I thought it was a pay-to-win game, because of Stamina and Magicite, (Cash currency) but I was completely wrong. Not only the game gives you lots of Elixirs, (recover stamina) it also gives you magicite per day.The turn based battles gives a nostalgia feel while maintaining the modern graphics and interfaces and it's a fun game to play not only single but multiplayer as well.Story: 6/10 - A bit generic for Final Fantasy standards but above average for Online games.Gameplay: 9/10 - Lacks a friendlist and Mana would be better than orbs: Even though this is fun, it depends on luck sometimes.Graphics: 9/10 - Only drawback is the background, that sometimes needed to be highlighted more.Sound: 8/10 - Pretty good battle songs, but it can get boring if you are spending much time on maps deciding what to do, as the map songs are mostly loops.Final score: 8/10"
76561198027339629,Not Recommended,536930,30130808,Posted: 23 February,all,Novellae,"I started playing this MOBILE game back in August 2016. It is a fun game. But eventually, after you have played a fair amount, you start to realize just how ****ed up the microtransactions are. If you want any of the limited time summons (which are often the best cards at release) you will have to shell out LOADS of money. Example and the reason I quit: When Titus (a limited edition class card) was released, it was required to buy 12000 magicite (cash currency) to unlock him. That is over $70 worth of currency. For a mobile game. For a single card. For comparison, FF15 had just come out. FF15 (a game that developers put YEARS of labor into) cost $60. I haven't even kept up since.TLDR: Enjoy the game. It is good. But don't expect to hit any of the leaderboards or high level multiplayer without spending tons of money.OH. It also is a grind. A fun one. But by grind I mean MONTHS of grinding."
,Recommended,536930,29771916,Posted: 7 February,all,tweetmeordiebro,"Despite seeing the 'not reccomended' reviews on this page, I didn't have any problems with the app. However because it's a mobile app desgined originally for the mobile devices, take this into consideration:- Just like any other game, like Brave Frontier, Unison League, or Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius, it has a stamina function, which limits how much you can play. When you get deeper into the story ,or when it's challenging, you will lose a lot of stamina, which then you can only get it back by not playing the game, or using Elixirs. (You can't do a marathon on this game without Elixirs or $$$)- It's free, but there's in-app purchasing in the game, like Clash of Clans (though Mobius Final Fantasy isn't a Pay 2 Win game)-TAKES LONG TO LOAD if this is your first time playing the game! Like all of the apps I play, it needs to download its resources and assets, and depending on your computer, it'll take 15 minutes to as long as possible. It might even ask you to be closer to your wifi, which isn't possible unless you are using a laptop.-The tutorial is long. When you want to go somewhere else during the tutorial, you can't click anywhere else be doing what you want, instead, you have to do what the game tells you to do.It's around 1 hour to complete the tutorial which is the only reason I hate it.Other than that, I had no problems playing the game. I take games pretty lightly so I can't really criticize that hard. I don't pay too much attention to the graphics (they're just enlarged and has more pixels, but it's for a phone-like device, not a computer so expect some low quality at times) So far, I'm enjoying the game and I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,536930,29837804,Posted: 10 February,all,Space Putin,"""It's pretty good""Allow me, in my limited technical terms, to explain.It's a free port of a mobile game to the PC. One of your standard gachapon-style card-ability-based games. Fuse cards, get cards, use cards, etc.But it's done in a way that TECHNICALLY you don't need to spend any irl money AT ALL. Really the only microtransaction that you could really get a bonus from is magicite and you get get that naturally over time as you play the game.The graphics appear to have been updated for the PC port. Everyone's done via the mouse, and some of the terms from the app to the PC have stuck around (like 'sliding your finger' to next page).Overall, battles are quick, fun to watch, have a lot of good effects and don't require a big graphics requirement to play at good frames.EDIT: It apparently runs in 60 FPS.Overall, it's a great time-spender and IF YOU HAD/HAVE THE GAME ON YOUR PHONE you can transfer your data over to the PC with no issues.Would recommend."
,Recommended,536930,29770170,Posted: 7 February,all,RTMPro,"Recommended if you've played the Mobile APP first.Easy & fun game.  Now on PC, the graphics are pretty damn nice vs. the mobile app.  Enjoyable short 1-5min battles all card based.If you're expecting anything like previous classic FF games, think of this game like one of the many mini-games built into those classic games.Lots of fun to be had...FOR FREE!http://youtu.be/-4mI9dxb778"
76561198216554017,Recommended,536930,29906302,Posted: 13 February,all,gamerwarrior101,"One of the best FREE 2 play games out right nowGood+Gameplay is like a wonderful blend of the FF8 card system and Lighting Returns job system put together+The combat has very fluid animations and looks better than many full priced games+There is a Hard Mode which actually provides challenging combat similar to the old PS2 era of FF games+Graphics are very good for a Free 2 play game, it is pretty close to FF13 in that department+Story does enough to keep the player engaged and there is dialogue for every location you visit+Great Soundtrack with some classic and new tunes+Not Pay 2 Win, but there is a stamina system put in place that costs players points for every battle. However, the stamina bar refreshes and increases every time you level up and it also restores itself while not in combat. You can find an elixir on just about every map which will completely restore the stamina bar. With just the 10 elixirs I got from starting the game, I was able to complete at least 60 hrs of its content.+The Special Timed Events such as the FF7 remake location are awesome to see and play+The Card Rental system is a nice touch that lets you play with a chosen card from another player's deck+Co-op Boss Fights and a variety of the other stages to play not related to the main story lineBad-English female voice dialogue sounds really off, eventually I had to switch to the Japanese voice-Could use more diverse common enemies but for a free 2 play game this isn't a big dealMy Wish list of Improvements-No Helmet Option-Change Color of Armor-More Co-op battlesTips for new players+Spend the free 1,000 magicite on the 11 elixir deal just to stockpile up or save for the gift box+Use summon tickets to get the job class you want then buy the 4 star cards+Login every day you can during the special events for great rewards (I got 70 million gil right now from just the login)+You can use the fast forward & auto option to save time on easy fights+Hard mode gives more exp and dropsLast thing, this is my first steam review but for this game it was well worth the time to write it up. Enjoy the game . . ."
,Recommended,536930,29769193,Posted: 7 February,all,SickHammer,"once u start your journey, Blank... you won't stop!+ addictive gameplay (autoplay included)+ great graphics and animations+ a cliche' story that works very well with the game and it really shines upon it+ customization and variety of cards, pets and spells+ music is great like always- VO's are weird/bad- this port deserved a bit more technical attention[!] this is your crystal from the s#!ttYne$$ of App Stores![!] 95% Free To Play"
,Recommended,536930,29816286,Posted: 9 February,all,Tallcat,"Not as bad as I was expecting. Combat is simple, but has just enough depth to not be boring. The deck building mechanics are decent once you understand how it works. Fun little game to play when you're multitasking."
,Not Recommended,536930,30048435,Posted: 19 February,all,Mr. Matt,"Free-to-Wait GameI went into the game, knowing absolutely nothing about it, except that it was free-to-play with in-game real money purchases. Of course, knowing that is a ""hint"" that the game will be awful since such games are almost always deliberately designed to be just barely entertaining enough to get people with certain addiction tendencies to stick with them and spend real money on them. One might say ""The game is free! You pay $60 for a normal 'AAA' game so appreciate this free one and if you spend a few dollars, it was worth it!"" Well, that's a fine point, except that I can't just spend $60 and get a great experience in a game like this. You couldliterallyspend thousands of dollars in this game and still not have everything.The next argument, of course, is when people claim that you just have to be patient and you can get those things for free that normally cost real money. That's true! However, it would take an impractical length of time to acquire these things. Final fantasy games often largely involve grinding and they take quite a while to complete. Naturally, Mobius Final Fantasy has made the process take even longer to progress your character and inventory, because if it wasn't a pain in the rear, you wouldn't be tempted to spend money to avoid that horrendous wait. Although grinding sometimes bores me, I have to admit that it can sometimes be enjoyable in FF games. In Mobius, however, it just gets old.Here's why. Enemiesrandomlydrop a card. You need multiple cards to combine to make the cards better, and the four cards you ""equip"" determine your stats and they gain XP and level up while you play. Want better stats and better overall XP gains? Fight the same enemies over and over, even longer than in a normal FF game, until you have enough cards to unlock everything on the cards you need, then move along. In my opinion, FF games have enough grinding. Adding more grinding is not at all what's needed. There are various non-enemy cards you need to get either as rare random drops, or by using the in-game currency that can take 20 days to a month to get enough of to be ""worth it,"" just to raise the level caps of the cards, etc.Long story short, the game is designed to be decent enough to try to hook people in, but deliberately designed to suck hard if you don't spend real money in it, and simply spending $60 as if you were buying a new game won't get you as much fairly acquired content as buying a $60 game usually will, nor is it permanent like a $60 game, because if you ever wanted to play a new playthrough of Mobius from scratch, hypothetically, you'd either have to pay the same $60 all over again, or suffer the agonizing free-to-play intentional too-long grind. When the words ""free to play"" disgust someone more than a $59.99 price tag for a ""full"" game in an era when the $59.99 typically is missing various items of paid DLC to be ""complete,"" that means there is something very, very wrong with ""free to play,"" and I have largely explained most of that problem.GraphicsThis game actually looks pretty darn good. You would think it would be awful-looking, since it was originally a mobile game, but it looks nice. That said, Final Fantasy XIII is graphically and artistically superior in terms of simply appearance alone, and though I haven't played Final Fantasy XV, the videos I've seen of his look outrageously superior to Mobius, of course. No complaints in this department, whatsoever.""Story""You load the game, get some pretentious, nonsense dialog from a disembodied voice, meet a guy whose armor practically screams ""obvious villain,"" get no explanation of how you got there or why without enough ""intriguing mystery"" hints and world-building to make me want to know more, and you're quickly informed that they think you're the ""warrior of light"" Final Fantasy VI is where storylines and character depth really picked up in terms of depth and creativity. It's also the first numbered FF gamewithouta ""warrior of light."" That plot point wasn't good the first five times, and it's not good now. The few times FF games prior to FFVI had good plot points was when the plot points had nothing to do with the ""warrior of light""/crystals directly. Instead of leaving that tired, uninteresting plot point in the past, they're digging its rotting corpse up to stink up another FF game.In regard to the characters, the voice-acting was alright, and I preferred the voice performer for Mog, the moogle, better than the voice performer of Mog from FFXIII-2, but unfortunately, the moogle is the main person your hero talks to, and moogles capable of speaking the common tongue aren't known for great conversation. To make matters worse, all dialog is voice-acting for a couple of hours, then it stops and you have text boxes. It was pretty jarring, and text boxes made up most dialog I encountered for the last half of Chapter 1 of the game. No characters interested me, nothing interesting happened, the world didn't interest me, and I was just without reason to go on in terms of story and such.Combat MechanicsI don't really have anything too snarky or biting to say here. The combat is actually fairly solid. You attack enemies and different element spheres fill a bar at the top. The cards you equip from enemies give you different Final Fantasy spells, each attuned to a different element, and if you get enough spheres of the element you need, you can use that spell. Elemental weaknesses of enemies are readily apparent, and you can also use the same elemental spheres as a tough enemy's element to up your resistance to that element. The combat is turn-based, with you taking three (or more with haste) actions before being attacked by the enemy, trying to break down a defensive barrier on tougher opponents, before finishing off their true health bar fast.It works pretty well and I actually liked the combat. That said, the free to play aspects of the game will often prevent you from getting quality cards to have spells that actually hurt enemies, and no amount of grinding will improve your spells anywhere near as much as getting cards from buying them in the store with real money or using the drip-fed 'summons' to get more cards from the store. What also detracts from the flow of combat, is ""stamina."" It's a resource that you use up to fight each battle, and once it's gone, you either use an item from the real-money store (or the drip feed of such items), or you wait 5 minutes for a point of stamina to return...and it takes 5 stamina per battle in the early chapter 2 map. So it would take 25 minutes between battles, and battles last typically less than 5 each.ConclusionIn short, this game is visually nice, awkwardly lacks voice-acting after having it for a quite a good bit of time, has poor dialog, lacks an interesting world and interesting events, and despite having a decent combat system, the free to play elements of this game mar that system and prevent the game from being enjoyable, since free to play games are intentionally made to annoy the player enough to cough up what the publisher hopes will be thousands of dollars each. Avoid the game unless you cannot afford other games and do not have other games...and even then, you could still find better free games. =/"
,Recommended,536930,29773003,Posted: 7 February,all,Irish Shaman,"So currently at around 25 hours since downloading.I've read of people having crashes and server problems, but I downloaded it as soon as it was available and have not had any trouble downloading, installing the patch (took around 30 minutes) and could play the game straight away.I've not had any downtime since and I've had it running nearly constantly while working alongside it. ***This is a semi-long review of all aspects to date, so please strap in***--------------------------------------This is my first time playing this game, never played the mobile version of the game but noticed it on my Queue two days ago. Downloaded it straight away and started it instantly.Intro: Nice intro movie and cinematics. While the tutorial is a bit lengthy if you haven't played before and wish to read all the text to get aquainted with the gameplay it does a great job of explaining everything.If you want to read everything as a brand new player, it could take up to around 30 minutes.----------Graphics, Animations, Music and Sound Effects: Extremely impressed. For a mobile port played full-screen on my main monitor it looks fantastic. The animations during battles greatly exceed the cinematic animations. The spell effects are very nice as well. Music and Sound Effects are spot on. The voice acting is good in general, but your little Moogle buddy has a kinda cringe-funny voice!, but thats expected for a FF title.----------Gameplay: Really like the battle system. It's very simple obviously as it was a mobile title.Battles are able to be played Manually or set to Auto if you wish. I prefer playing Manually though to make the most of my available moves.Most battles are typically fast with the early longest being a max of around 5 minutes, however some can take a little bit longer if you spend time planning out moves against bosses.The elemental system is pretty easy with there only being 3 different systems: Fire-Water, Earth-Wind and Light-Dark, with a Support element orb (Pink) for healing and other support cards.Most of your battles should be simple enough or moderate if you use the correct attack methods, but if you don't you might have a bit of a rough time.You shouldn't need a Phoenix Down unless you go into an overmatched battle unprepared with a bad setup, come up against a difficult final wave or boss, or just play really sloppy.There are a ton of all different types of Cards available to collect which determine your Attack and Support Spells, all upgradable by Battling and ""Fusing"" with similar cards. Cards require Gil to be Fused, however Gil is in no way difficult to aquire.There is a Stamina gauge which depletes a tiny amount every battle you initiate, however, it refills quickly and as you get a bunch of Elixers early in the game, it shouldn't be a problem. As long as you don't continually lose Stamina by losing battles you should be fine.I've played for hours at a time straight without having to restore my Stamina and even now I still have 11 Elixers, picking up 3 during my casual playing times and exploring the different map sections.You really do not have to refill your Stamina at all for a good few areas if you are playing consistantly like I decidded to do. I think I was on around 6 hours straight (with breaks!) before I had to use a single Elixer, which overfills your Stamina bar. It really is a fair system.If you use up your entire bar then have to go Offline or Away for a few hours, then it refills extremely fast and you can blow through another full section with ease.----------Story: Very simplistic so far. Basic guardian of the light story at the minute.Not difficult to follow whatsoever.There are also limited time events it seems and currently (08/02/17) there is a FFVII Remake event set in Midgar and the Mako reactors available with the free promotional item, Masamune. Seems pretty nifty so far.----------Is it P2W?: There are real world purchases for items, but so far I haven't needed to even go near them and from others I've talked to who have played the mobile version, you don't really need them. As you progress through the first two chapters, as long as you don't waste them, you should be swimming in Phoenix Downs, Elixers and Ethers as well as Gil thanks to Daily Rewards for logging in and currently there is a 10million players promo that, if you manage to get it, will net you a heafty 10m Gil, which is just... insane.----------Overall I think its a pretty solid game, especially for a mobile port."
,Recommended,536930,29777512,Posted: 8 February,all,ᎡᏌᏕᎻȠĒᎡÐ,"The only mobile game that I have felt was worth my time.Shockingly more than holds it's own graphically on PC, this is the only F2P title i've sunk some time into. The most attractive thing is that it does not require money for anything serious and lets you completely earn everything though gameplay or time. It can be grindy, but there is a lot of content to play thorough because you start geting serious about your character.The bigger downside is the learning curve and things the game does not explain, such as job summons with summon cards are so important early on (as I found after heavily investing in the starter job) and many other things.All in all a quite impressive title for mobiles and very welcome on the PC when you get home."
,Recommended,536930,29767130,Posted: 7 February,all,Dante da Demon Killah,"To address the elephant in the room immediately: yes, this is a port of a phone game. It was designed as a phone game, it mainly exists as a phone game, and the gameplay is very similar to most phone RPGs but with a tad more depth to the gameplay and stats. What's most refreshing is the fact that you can go through the entire game and reach high ranks without spending a dime. I've got about 300 hours into this game on my phone, and I haven't spent a cent on magicite or cards. Put in the time and you'll do fine.It won't blow you away, and it won't replace mainline Final Fantasy game experiences, but if you're the type of person that's ok with playing games like Granblue Fantasy on your PC, then this is a must-have."
,Recommended,536930,29769680,Posted: 7 February,all,[ReAp]Veronica Vamps🦇,Although I am not done with the Game itself I thought I make a pre-review.I saw that there is alot of negative reviews and I honestly dont understand why. The Game itself is a great Mobile Port brought to PC. I personally have never played this Game nor heard of it before. But I must say that I really enjoy it.I am a huge Finsl Fantasy XIII Fan and I must say that this Game and its Characters remind me a little bit of it.The Gameplay itself mainly is all about strategy-wise turn based fighting. You get 3 Decks (a little bit similiar to Lightning Returns) and lots of cards that you can enhance and upgrade to fight fiends with.Although this Game is mainly just fighting it does have a Story to it which I am really interested in. Unlike other Final Fantasies the Story in this Game is not as deeply and feels on some bits a little bit rough around the edges. It is still interesting tho and I can't wait to see how it all ends!You can also unlock new Roles by upgrading your current ones and get new abilities not only via fightning but also via buying it in the ingame shop (either way you pay real money or you play to get it)At first it may not look like it but it is indeed a little bit of Freeroaming as in you can choose which way you would like to go.As always the FF Games including this one had a great detailed tutorial that gives you a good start into the Game.Since this Game is free to play I saw that there are ingame App Purchases however In my so far 6 Hours of almost non-stop gameplay I havent had to pay 1 cent to get anywhere in the World. It seems so far as it is not pay to win. Meaning you can get everything by simply playing the Game.The World itself seems huge meaning that even after 6 Hours you won't be done with it which is a huge bonus point as most Tripple A Games are only 10 Hours long.So Far I can recommend this Game to anybody that loves Final Fantasy Games and for anybody that wants to get into Final Fantasy Games mainly as this one is made a bit easier for newer generations.I believe if people would give this Game a Fair Chance (2 hours or more) there would be alot more positive then negative reviews overall.
,Recommended,536930,29791544,Posted: 8 February,all,Arbiter Libera,"Frankly I didn't exactly expect to play another Final Fantasy game, let alone one focused on fan service, after having so recently played through Final Fantasy 13 and Theatrhythm yet here I find myself playing MOBIUS. For starters, I did not play the original mobile version so PC port is my only experience with the product itself. Has the patient survived the operation? Let's find out.Given the nature of these mobile games built around short bursts of gameplay, but ones that are practically infinitely replayable, some aspects I will only be able to touch briefly upon considering they require significant time investment overall to make headway. Story is one such element and admittedly MOBIUS actually has one where you assume the role of one of the identical Blanks – outsiders who find themselves in the realm of Palamecia, suffering everyone's favorite ailment amnesia – and under general instructions of a disembodied voice called Vox you try to sort things out. Along the way your named character acquires couple of guides, whether you like them or not, like Mog who serves as your window for this unfamiliar world. They are also fervent believers in the Prophecy which states that one of the Blanks will become the Warrior of Light and defeat forces of Chaos. You just might be the guy...With that out of the way and with couple of hours of gameplay under my belt I can with some certainty state that I've seen most of what the game has to offer in terms of mechanics.As expected, tapping/dragging will be your primary method of control as you navigate menus clearly built for mobile input, but expanded and generally much more usable with monitor real estate. Which is good because as much as this is a turn-based RPG it's also a card game and you need the space to minimize scrolling as much as you can. Character progression operates on the basis that your character, canonically named Wol, has a Job determining his weapon, unlockable skills and what Elements he can use. Most defining aspect of your combat repertoire is the fact that you have only four slots for cards aka your magical attacks, plus an additional one for a temporary “rented card”. Each card requires specific amount of appropriate Elements you generate with regular attacks.Those are still just the basics of a simple game suffering under the weight of overly layered systems rooted in microtransactions, but I'll get around to that. For example, new Jobs are unlocked either as the final unlockable skill or acquired through cards themselves... which can be found or bought, either for real money, various resource tickets or Magicite you generate passively over a long period of time and then having to redeem before you can use, effectively reinforcing you to play the game daily. This also goes hand-in-hand with another system that will either make or break the game for you – limited stamina. If you've played other mobile games or less scrupulous MMORPGs you're familiar with what that is. In case you're not stamina is a limited resource that regenerates over time and limits how many things you can do. Want to access move across the map's nodes and access that particular mission? That's going to cost you five stamina points, and you'll be moving a lot if you plan to treat MOBIUS like a typical JRPG and play in long sessions not giving stamina the chance to regenerate.With the amount of sheer layered systems the game has on display here; ranging from card stats, Fusion system, Skillseed which depends on the cards equipped and affects what Elements you'll get after normal attacks, purchasable cards in their myriad of forms, etc it's very plain to see it was made primarily with monetization in mind. While this is a huge detriment it doesn't really affect someone who would only play this game casually like I have and probably will for a while. Magicite redemption quantities are low so you'll be tempted to reach for the wallet or log in regularly. So many systems also amount to general headache of going through cards, checking for duplicates and sorting the situation out with Fusion on regular intervals. Thankfully, some of this can be automated if toggled under options, but this constant need to tinker is never ending. It's also probably half the appeal if you're into that, honestly.Having said all that you may rightly be wondering how can I recommend this game?It's more a case of lack of “Middle of the Road"" recommendation than anything else. Like I mentioned in the opening this is one of those “Hey, I recognize that!” kind of games that draws from the entirety of the Final Fantasy as a franchise. Be it from designs and art used for cards or recognizable terminology used for Jobs, MOBIUS has something for fans purely from that angle alone even if you'll ignore everything else that comprises it. I would also be lying to deny the game looks stunning and was probably a marvel to behold on mobile. Admittedly probably because, in large part, you're not really moving your character as much as you're setting your next destination and character does the animation of getting there, but it's all in the menus. As usual Square Enix's financial backing is on display with production values extending even to game's stellar soundtrack. Combat theme changing depending on your basic Job was a nice touch, just to bring up one example.So finally, what's the verdict? Like I mentioned previously – there's a good chance you will hate this game purely on principle if you cannot tolerate the business model. If you're someone like me who's maybe going to play for an hour a day, or even less, this may not be a problem at all. Use that thought more than anything else I've said as your main guiding light.And hey, it's free. No obligations or strings attached if you don't like it."
,Recommended,536930,29914122,Posted: 13 February,all,Elfezen,"Another masterpiece in the Final Fantasy series, its basically a Final Fantasy that you can play when you are away from home or when you dont play any of the other Final Fantasy titles. The story is very good and the gameplay is similar with the FFXIII series. I wish there was a way to buy it or a DLC of it and unlock it permantely in our Steam Libraries because as a Free to Play it dissapears when you uninstall it."
76561198050361517,Recommended,536930,29736539,Posted: 5 February,all,ToxicWolfClaw,"Its a great game on mobile, everything is ""possible"" to get ( other then legendary jobs ) through normal gameplay if your willing to put the time and effort in. As a player seince release i highly recommend giving this game a go even on Mobile.The events they run are rather rewarding most of the time with plenty of chances and ways to get summon only cards for free to players, The story is not bad either its in depth and abit tear jerking at times aswell.in short: great game, try it out!"
,Recommended,536930,29754930,Posted: 6 February,all,Aliton,"This is great game and port from Mobile! I am glad to able play on my PC instead play on Mobile!  Don't make those for mobile. Please keep up Square-enix for your great job to bring PC community.If you are fan of Final Fantasy series. then you are right place to come. If you are new to this game, you gotta learn and patience ....Enjoy! Kupo!"
76561197991844777,Recommended,536930,29739256,Posted: 6 February,all,daawitqox,98% f2p except paywalled legendary jobs (75$ ea)+ permafresh content = always some time limited events (sweet rewards)+ beautiful audiovisual design (awarded)- complicated GUI need rework (fe. manual fusions)- teleporting on maps = pointless loadings
,Recommended,536930,29916629,Posted: 14 February,all,Sideo,"You have to have played the mobile app for a good amount of time to enjoy this to it's fullest, the story is great, the build possibilities are only limited to your willingness to experiment.The only con is the english voices, the only two english voices that are good are Vox and Garlands, everyone else? Garbage, switch to the Japanese voices for the best story value.Speaking of the story it's interesting, it's like it holds a standard of Final Fantasy story telling, I love the story as much as I hate it. This Prophecy that's the center of the game? Yeah you're not blindly following it, you might be the warrior of light, you may not be. You're a Blank and all blanks follow the rules but Wol seems confused as hell about them.This game is linear yes but the point is it's only linear if you just move on like it says, you can go back to any area, get all the optional stuff and never see it again, but that means you went back to clear everything. It's a Mobile mmo the story is only one part of it, FFXIV does the same thing, the charm is in the story and side content.Combat is simple, can be put on auto yes but you get the most out of it doing it yourself, i only auto because i want the story to progress instead of being halted by my need to preform super cool combos.Overall, you will love the story...but for the love of god don't play with english voices."
,Recommended,536930,29800888,Posted: 9 February,all,Unco Papa Bird,"So wow, I played this from the moment I opened it to the moment I closed it a total of 9 hours. I plan to play more! This game is excellent for a mobile port. All in all I'll give it an easy 8/10.Now, to adress some common F2P concerns.__________________________________First, is it pay to win? I wouldn't think so. From the veterans I've talked to it seems that most of the cash shop items are not necessary to progress through or even play the game. It seems like more of a pay to speed up than pay to win. You can upgrade to 3 star cards and evolve the base jobs just fine.Second, is it time gated? Yes. There is an energy system in place. You will not spend hours and hours grinding away. In the first few levels you are leveling up quick enough to refill your energy pool, but at around lvl 10 it starts to fall off. This isn't necessarily an issue for me because I just play this on my second monitor while I watch netflix or play another game.__________________________________Addressing things to do in the game__________________________________So you want to know what there is to do? Picture this as an lite-incremental game. You evolve your cards or ""abilities"" over time to increase your power.  There are lots of zones to progress through in the story. You evolve your job or class over time by collecting ""seeds"" which are the currency. They are based on the card elements. Each job has a total of 3 abilty elements they can use in their set up.There are trials and special challenges. There seem to be story events as well, as one is currently happening with Cloud Strife.Let's touch on combat really quickly. There are two ways you can fight, one being manually and the other automatic. Auto-ing will let you designate the AI to play the game for you. So far it seems rather smart and doesn't waste too many actions as well as saves your ultimate for ""breaks"". Most of this is explained in the in game tutorial. I won't get super into it, but I thought you should know that this is how the combat is broken up into.__________________________________________I guess that concludes my short review, I havent explored fully but I thought I would leave my opinion as I see a lot of negative reviews and the game doesn't deserve it. It's fairly fun for what it is and if you are a fan of Final Fantasy it might be worth your time checking out."
,Recommended,536930,29801098,Posted: 9 February,all,roronoa[GR],"This is actually a very addictive and fun casual game. Its obvious that its made for mobile gaming but the PC version is actually very good. Controls absolutely fine (although it could be better, its based on the touch controls input) and the game looks really good and clean on high resolutions.Stamina system, tickets and loads of items to collect are all there. You mostly click on nodes and do battles.It surprised me that it actually have a story that is kinda worth following, usually mobile games stories are just... there to exist.. This one might keep you interested.The turn based combat, which is the focus of the game, as this is what you will do most of the time, is nothing special but you can customise skills and it involves some strategy. You can also auto battle and speed the battle to make farming easier.At its core is a gacha game, meaning you will ""roll"" tickets for drawing random abillity cards and jobs (a.k.a classes), like a lottery ormore like the ""gacha machines"" (the ones you put coins and you get like a ball with an item inside).The good news is you dont really need to spent money, most of the stuff (if not all) are obtainable for free but it will be really hard to get what you really want because its luck based. So you probably never get everything but you can play for free or pay and get more tries to ""draw"" the good stuff.Its nothing spectacular or never seen before but if you like this kind of games and you like (or not) FF give it a try."
,Recommended,536930,29746584,Posted: 6 February,all,Moravuscz,"The mobile version is great. I played the JP version on Steam as well and I'm very much looking forward to when the global version reaches the glory of the JP one.I can also confirm that the graphics are indeed even better on the PC version.Good bye, battery drain, you won't be missed."
,Recommended,536930,30043391,Posted: 19 February,all,MagWizz,"Great game that I got addicted quite easily mostly due to cards system in the game.Story is pretty interesting, gameplay is simple, but there is variety of systems that adds a lot of depth to the game.Mobile port is really good and visuals are quite impresive for such a port.Just keep in mind that this is FREE TO PLAY game after all, so game in some ways ""encourages"" to spend to money for ""convenience"", but never FORCES the player to pay for any of it."
,Recommended,536930,29873680,Posted: 12 February,all,Velvet,I like to dress my Wol up in stripper attire with his pimp cane...Girls need fanservice too.10/10
,Recommended,536930,29795207,Posted: 8 February,all,Astriadi,Played almost 30 hrs then realized I was on Korean server.Decided to start it over.Thank you for this long tutorial.
76561197988065454,Recommended,536930,29977982,Posted: 16 February,all,DasDatMatTr,"Gotta say this is by far the best F2P Mobile game i had ever played.Why?The ++ Graphic, animation is pretty good for F2P Mobile game+ Story is OK if you are into FF kinda story telling..+ Gameplay is decent. It's balance between the player that have time to play and not.+ This game progress faster than any mobile game I had ever play without paying. Dev give you a lot of things you just have to stop abit and think how to push pass that barrier. (Sometimes its just stop auto - and use ultimate)+ The In-game currency, which in this game is Magicite are given for free you just have to collect it.+ The Subscription package is 3,000 Magicite but you harvest around 4.3k Magicite. so keep the changes.+ The amount of grinding is totally fine for me for this game.+ The only real hard wall is GROWSTARS which can be mitigate by other way, There is many way to get strong while you wait for those stupid stars.The -- IF your country has a weak currency .The magicite will FEEL more expensive for you.- augmenting a card from 3stars -> 4stars . you nid GROWSTARS which can't be farm..only login reward and subscription box OR buy it with 1500 magicite..and you need 2. thats's 3k magicite(Which mean if there is no special event you likely will augments 1 card to 4 stars/month)- There is kind of VIP system(the system where you can only charge real money to get) It's not neccesary though. If you aren't really high level player.- limited-content..yeahh..not sure those missed card gonna come back.ConclusionIt's Pretty Decent mobile game .pay to progress but if you wait it isn't long. And for pay user there is decent content to pay for to enhance gaming experience."
76561198059809988,Recommended,536930,29774955,Posted: 7 February,all,Kane's Foal,"I've played this game for far more than 2 hours on the mobile app, so my gameplay hours are probably around 20 or so hours with the mobile and desktop version combined.While this version is still plagued with a view technical issues, the main reason to play the desktop version is the improved graphics.The game itself is typical of any mobile platform app. Microtransactions will give you a leg up to speed your advancement or give you a boost. Although this game is more forgiving on the wallet. Every month or few weeks a new event comes out which gives free gifts worth a lot of magicites (the in-game currency).The graphics are very good looking considering it originated from a mobile app. The voiced dialogues are extremely cheesy at times, and I always prefer not to listen to them. (|There's a fast-forward option for cutscenes in case you don't want to listen either).The combat is very simplistic, and revolves entirely around the strength of your equipment, job, and deck level. If you like tactical/ puzzle RPG's, this is not what this game is at all. There is little to no strategy involved in combat, aside from the barebones rock-paper-scissor system that predominates these games. If you're okay with using bruteforce (with the occasional heals) during combat, then you probably won't mind.My main gripe about this game is that the best job cards (legendary jobs) are inaccessible to free players. You must shell out a ridiculous $75 PER legendary job to get one. Otherwise, everything is very much accessible, although you have to grind for it, or be lucky and have it as a special login bonus.7/10 Not a bad game, and the graphics are stunning. However, the minimal combat depth is a turn off, but I don't mind it considering that the simplistic design isn't chaotic."
,Recommended,536930,29817929,Posted: 9 February,all,Kaigow,Have been really enjoying this.Started play on my Android and was able to connect easily between the two.Now when the battery needs charging I just switch to pc.Graphics of course are much better here.
,Recommended,536930,29843086,Posted: 11 February,all,Kidd,"""The prophecy said....""Final Fantasy Mobius is a free too play action game that is turn based. The mechanics of the game work simialr to brave frontier. Haven't played brave frontier? Well don't worry, jumping into this game is quite simple.The game has a energy bar that fills over time, when you have used all your energy you have to wait before you can move your character to the next area. You collect cards in the game which are your attacks. The cards follow a simple elemental damage flow. You can unlock more cards from defeating enemies or summoning using ""summon tickets"". These tickets are given out frequently as playing the game, or during the events.An eye capturing feature that this game is the ""job system"", you cant have a final fantasy game without jobs right? well we got you covered here as there are over 15 jobs in the game!The game does offer micro-transactions. Some people may not be a fan of that model. But the game can be played without spending 1 cent at all. Everything can be earnt in game.At the time of writing this i have 4.9 hrs on record playing on steam but i have been playing this on my mobile for awhile now. Having the game also on your mobile phone you can easily take off from where you left on PC.The story follows a hero who just wakes up not knowing who he is. He finds out that been summoned to this unknown world called Palamecia. The other warriors that are summoned to this unknown land around him are refered to as ""blanks"". Every blank wants to be: The Warrior Of light. The warrior of light must fulfill a prophecy in Palamecia that one of the Blanks is a ""Warrior of Light"" who will free the world from its darkness.[Your adventure takes place from there as the story uncovers.Pros:-Stunning graphics|-Fun action system that is easy to pick up|-Job system|-Wide range of cards that feature many Final Fantasy games|-Constent support of events ( as writing this we have a Final Fantasy 7 remake cross over event)|-Multiplayer mode|-can see visual changes to your hero ( example: when equiping a new weapon, new echo or job change)|________________________________________________________________________________Cons:-Magicite can be a pretty pricey ( cash shop money)|-Legend jobs are way over pricedKidd rating:8/10I am really enjoying this game and as a free to play game, why not give it a go? what do you have to lose?If you are a fan of the Final Fantasy world you will really appreciate this game. As i said before, this game does not require you to spend any money at all so you can still enjoy this game 100% allt he way."
76561198073750327,Recommended,536930,29780887,Posted: 8 February,all,Dregon,"Welcome to Palamecia, Blank, you are now one of us, in search of our destiny to become the Warrior of Light!If you havent played the mobile app of mobius before, the pc version is a great way to get into the game with its crisp and gorgeous graphics.Good:-HD graphics-Smooth gameplay-Interesting character development-EchoBad:-Most likely you will be on auto and tabbing anyway so you wont be able to enjoy the improved graphics... O_o"
76561197991804922,Recommended,536930,29882816,Posted: 12 February,all,MoonlitDNC,"I enjoy the combat/story/multiplayer and have logged 14.4 hours since I started on the morning 3 days ago. I cleared Chapter 1, have completed enough multiplayer to net myself some sweet rewards, and just started on Mako Reactor 2. My 1st Soldier job is about to clear its 4th Skill Panel.I have yet to spend a single penny on this game. And my deck has maxed 4* Raiden & Cloud/Touch, and maxed 3* Barrier and Hades - I'm mowing through stuff on Hard Difficulty and ~at no point have I felt held back~ or as if I cannot have a healthy play session because I'm not paying.From my perspective, this is exactly the kind of F2P game I'd love to see more often. It's all about making sure you have a good understanding of how everything works & so long as you plan & use the resources you're given efficiently, you shouldn't be seeing a paywall - at least not up through the point I've played. Continuing at my current pace, I cant imagine there'd be one later either.I have a potato laptop with Win7 x64, an i5 CPU, 8GBs of RAM, and an Intel HD 3000 gfx chip - the game plays perfect at 720p, looks shiny, and I've not had a single issue or crash.As for the story itself, it REALLY reminds me of Dissidia's, so much so that I'd not be shocked if someone told me this was a Dissidia prequel of sorts.  The world is dark & mysterious, and I cant wait to see where it goes next~!  The Moogle's English voice is one of the most crisp & amazing ""cutesy voices"" I've probably ever had the pleasure of hearing.  Dat sexy narrator (Vox) is awesome too~ <3{3/18/17 EDIT:}  Just cleared chapter 2 and am still going strong.  The story has only gotten more intense, and I'm still making steady progress through the Infinite Reactor event area.  Still not a penny spent yet!  I'm sitting on 4,700 Magicite & am waiting to get another 30-day set for 3k.{8/03/17 EDIT:}  Just cleared chapter 4 and will likely start chapter 5 soon, very excited!  All of the event areas have been great, and I've been clearing and getting 100% done on everything without issue - it's all still a pleasant challenge though.  I have all 20 of the ""original"" jobs, multiple maxed skillpanel sets & 5* ability cards, and I HAVE ~NOT~ SPENT A SINGLE $0.01USD!!!!  My Devout healer is lvl 240+ and managed to clear Tier 4 Ifrit+Ultima without dying easily, so now I have a maxed 5* Ultima Sicarius too.  On top of this, Square just lightened up on some of the ""cash shop"" systems and F2P people like me can get even MORE stuff ~freeeee~.  That combined with all of the giveaways in August & the pile of free stuff all of us are getting, there's not been a better time to start playing!  I wish more F2P RPGs were as good as this one~!"
,Recommended,536930,29769928,Posted: 7 February,all,Hikumi,"Disclaimer: I've never played the mobile version because I could not afford it.As a game ported from mobile, it has decent graphics. Sure, you'll definitely notice some pixels and aliasing here and there if you look hard enough, but if you're doing that, why do you even bother reading this review at the first place?With that said, I heard that the data is transferable between the mobile version and this PC version, but I never had the opportunity to test it out.I would recommend it if you're looking for a story-driven Final Fantasy installment like the majority of the series. Alas, it was not what I expected it to be: some sort of MMORPG, mainly because it lacks certain character customization options such as the gender of your avatar."
,Recommended,536930,29917463,Posted: 14 February,all,Caillend,"Awesome game and with the possibility to also have it on the phone, with the same savegame.It's hard getting used to all the systems, especially when you find out that the starting jobs are trash and the Summoned ones are way better overall.After that, it is pretty nice and fun to play on the side. If your stamina is empty for single player, just go play multiplayer and have fun until you have enough single player stamina again."
,Recommended,536930,29976543,Posted: 16 February,all,Zero G,"Steam sale of a free game.Joking aside, this game has both simple and complex parts to it, which works out in an odd way. The story is pretty linear, but the path you take in terms of what class you use or skills adds a surprising amount of depth to it all. The game itself is a port from the mobile version, which the game will reward you some items in return for linking the account with the mobile version.On the mention of mobile, this game takes the formula of stamina to limit how you play. This means that you can only play for a set amount of time before you run out of stamina. Once that happens, you have to wait for several hours for your stamina to recover or you have to use Elixers to recover it. You have to buy Elixers from the ingame store. Sound more like a mobile game, yet?There are several aspects to the game that require the use of money, like your card (what determins your stats and abilities) limit, easier Magicite collecting and other things. There's a list that I wont go over, but know that you can buy most of the items in game with ingame currency. The downside to this is that you only get 100 of this currency (the previously mentioned Magicite) every 17 hours, and with items costing 1000 or more Magicite, this game is further trying to entice you to put money into it, one way or another.At this point, it might sound like I'm trying to sway people away from this game, but that is not the case. It's a good game, no doubt about that, but those who wish to play it have to know that there are a lot of microtransactions and the game will try to (not-so-subtly) nudge them your way through limitations."
,Recommended,536930,29864651,Posted: 11 February,all,CelestOrion,"Glad to have the PC release of the game! I started the game off on mobile when it was first released, but seeing as how I had a chump phone, I really couldn't enjoy what the game had to offer graphically, or at a consistent framerate, for that matter. The game runs phenominally well with my rig, and you really don't have to invest any money in the game to enjoy it!"
76561198083144004,Recommended,536930,30036881,Posted: 19 February,all,Tritega,"Enjoying the game, love the jobs you can get and get better by farming mobs! A better tutorial is a must if I may say so.The game also lets you play with others to defeat bosses like: Ifrit, Shiva and even more!I do think we need to be able to get more magicite daily as you can get 100 per day and 1200 magicite is like 20 bucks if you buy it with real money.Also we should be able to get more summoning cards as they really get the community pumped to keep going.8,5/10 for this game :)"
,Recommended,536930,29830249,Posted: 10 February,all,Woody Bobo,"""Another F2P moble port to steam? God damn whens this s*** gonna end?"" you may be asking yourself (atleast that was my initiall thought). I have never played a game like this, on any platform and I gotta say, Im actually pretty surprised by how much Im enjoying it. Its not perfect, its a straight rip from mobile on the ui side of things, but it's fun and looks good. Not p2w at all from what Ive seen so far. Yeah theres a timed ""stamina gauge"" that if depleted you have to wait to fill back up, but Ive yet to experienced this. Everytime you lvl it fills back up and if it does drop, the game hands out a specific item like candy for you to use and fill back up (which im stock piling bc ive yet to have to use one). Still got the MP to tap into but overall not a bad experience so far. Looking forward to digging deeper into the game."
,Recommended,536930,29818071,Posted: 9 February,all,Roundabout,I clicked AUTO and 2x SPEED buttons and now the game is playing by itself while I watch Youtube.10/10 I wish more RPGs were like this.PS: whats a kupo
76561198310078569,Recommended,536930,29855915,Posted: 11 February,all,Thot Patrol Officer DIO,"I've played this game on my phone until I no longer had storage for an update it required, and now that I saw it on Steam when I was browsing for a game, and I immediately took it.When I played on the phone, it looked choppy, it was slow, and it was quite difficult to do a couple of things. Now that I can play it on my PC, it has much better graphics, it runs great (coming from a guy with an office desktop), and you can see more and do more.The one thing that I've found that needs changing is proper keyboard controls, because as it stands now, the game still acts like you're playing on a mobile device, and it makes it difficult to type things, such as your social features in the game.Either way, I'd probably rate this a 9.4/10, and I'd reccomend it to anyone who has an interest in RPG's. You don't even need knowledge of Final Fantasy to play this.Yeah, forgot to mention that I found a bug that if you open the game in DirectXL, download a small chunk of it, close, reopen, and finish downloading, all the audio suddenly stops working, and yes, I have checked my settings in-game."
,Recommended,536930,29851653,Posted: 11 February,all,Oreas27,A great game to play casually. The deck building mechanics are interesting and the battles are decent. If you play make sure to see the guides on steam here for issues like connecting or wrong server. They should help. :)
,Recommended,536930,29770310,Posted: 7 February,all,SPINAL133,"This game is pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥on mobile. Turn based with limited actions before its the enemies turn. A really cool story to keep you interested as well and this FF7 Remake event is even cooler. I was hoping to be able to play it here on steam since the mobile version takes up sooo much space and drains the battery pretty fast.Just sucks with all the issues people are having with it here on steam myself included. I can't ven play the game on steam right now.My computer won't even download the game it just pops up with ""AN ERROR HAS OCCURED WHILE INSTALLING MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY (missing file privileges)All in all the game is definetly worth it just give square enix some time to help out everyone with the downloading issues.EDIT:: My computer stops it because it finds a virus called:Win/HerzRank this week: Nº 85Websites affected: 15Users affected: 1,000,000 - 5,000,000Affected Operating Systems: All Windows OSWin/Herz SummaryWin/Herz is a malicious software that once it is executed has the capability of replicating itself and infect other files and programs. These type of malware, called Viruses, can steal hard disk space and memory that slows down or completely halts your PC. It can also corrupt or delete data, erase your hard drive, steal personal information, hijack your screen and spam your contacts to spread itself to other users. Usually, a Virus is received as an attachment on an email or instant message."
76561198062036208,Recommended,536930,29752615,Posted: 6 February,all,Slappyjigg,"The game itself is very addicting, visually phenominal in style and overall executed well.  I've played for a year on iOS and have spent somewhere around $150 because I thought the content the developers were making and the game itself were worth spending it on. Recommended.As for the global steam version, it's unfortunate that an issue affecting all but korean players is preventing so many more people from enjoying the game. When this get's fixed, again, highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,536930,29787070,Posted: 8 February,all,Halosheep,"This game is great, the combat is interesting and the graphics are actually pretty great for a mobile port. The card system keeps things interesting and the multiplayer aspect is pretty standard for a mobile game. The problem lies in the Stamina system. If you don't mind sitting down and completing only a few missions here and there then it's no problem, but sitting around for a few hours is just not going to happen (except for the first few days of play, because stamina stacks when you level up). I would certainly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys Final Fantasy games, but I can't give it a recommendation because it uses the awful mobile-style Stamina system."
76561198166404262,Recommended,536930,29794000,Posted: 8 February,all,Thrasher7170,"To everyone saying that the game is unplayable because of window size, it can be changed in the Windows Config menu under the ETC tab. After figuring that out, this became a much more enjoyable port. I've played this game a lot on mobile, so having it on my laptop is useful for when I can be on it, but not on my phone."
,Recommended,536930,29744084,Posted: 6 February,all,[RQL] wmax,>start the game>a new version is available. Please update your game.>no steam updates>thinking.jpg>reinstall>a new version is available. Please update your game.>verify Integrity>a new version is available. Please update your game.>??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
76561198045575281,Recommended,536930,29891786,Posted: 12 February,all,Caledon,"This is a really fun game. I've been playing it on my tablet for many months now since its English release and I haven't spent any money on it at all, even though I've wanted to.If you enjoy a casual grind with occasional strategy required, lots of upgradable jobs and weapons, frequent content additions, cute girls and constant tongue in cheek in-house Final Fantasy plotline jokes, then you seriously have nothing to lose from downloading this game."
76561198090401736,Recommended,536930,30036964,Posted: 19 February,all,UNLIMITED POWER !!!,"Unlike other wannabee mobile role playing games out there who are nothing but cashgrabs, this game offers a balanced and long playtime with unrivaled gameplay mechanics. A must have for your mobile and a game I wouldn't mind having on PC as well."
,Recommended,536930,30042333,Posted: 19 February,all,Pea,"Thank god this port is well made. You can share your save from and with other devices, there's controller/keyboard support, it runs well and they bothered to optimize it here and there. Definitely a good free to play game where you're not obligated to purchase items with real life money."
,Recommended,536930,29910298,Posted: 13 February,all,Jody.B.Kills.You,"Took a break from the mobile version for a while and came back when Mobius was released on Steam.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is amazing. This is the ONLY way to experience Mobius.I get better frames on the PC, so I use Steam In-Home Streaming to get full HD on my devices that would NEVER accomplish this.I also get to play on the TV in the bedroom thanks to a Black Friday special (Cambio Windows Tablet from Wal-Mart)Did I say this game looks amazing on PC?Oh, and I got the SOLDIER 1st Class job on my first banner pull of the entire game, along with like 30 Elixirs saved up. I am set for a while.10/10 would smash again."
,Recommended,536930,29898376,Posted: 13 February,all,Royce,BEST FF SERIES WHICH IS FREE TO PLAY AND WELL PORTED FROM MOBILE VERSION!!!
,Recommended,536930,29752544,Posted: 6 February,all,ZeroLegion,FF mobile on Steam and yeah... play it and close the 3D display to save battery for PC !!! OFC
,Recommended,536930,29894978,Posted: 13 February,all,Ainz:[nZk],best porting android ever.
,Recommended,536930,29762203,Posted: 7 February,all,Crozota,"At first I was worried because of the mixed overall review on this game, I check some of the negative reviews, most of them are about server crash, or maybe not compatible. Well thank god, I tried it, and it works completely fine. All I can say is..... 100%! Graphics are absolutely amazing, great storylines, lots of mission to complete. FF lovers should definitely play it. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
76561198054213451,Recommended,536930,29818792,Posted: 10 February,all,Velhark,"Decent mobile game made all shiny and sparkly with a PC port.Gameplay: Is turn-based and card-based, with each card requiring a significant amount of time to improve it. The grinding is minimal in the early stages, but really starts to feel MMO-ish when you get to about Chapter 3. I hope the developers will not make this an exponential increase, or at the very least, make the grind entertaining.Entertainment: The gameplay is a fun mix of nice visuals, an assortment of familiar Final Fantasy foes and a simple combat system. However, a weak story and the repetition of this simplicity really brings down the overall enjoyability. I personally only play it for an hour or so before I get bored and do something else. It is a casual game through and through, something I come to expect from most mobile games.Cost: The game is free to play, as long as you don't mind missing out on Legend Job Cards (which you'll probably only get if you have nostalgia over a certain Final Fantasy character). If you do want these, they get pretty expensive (The Tidus one costs a purchase of more than $100 NZD worth of magicite to unlock).They're pretty good (not great, just good) with free hand-outs though, as long as you tune in on their events.I'll keep recommending it till the grinding reaches ridiculous MMO proportions, then I'm out."
,Recommended,536930,29972584,Posted: 16 February,all,Ermine,The only flaw this game has is that when the servers die no one will be able to play it anymore. Enjoy it while you can.
,Recommended,536930,29776910,Posted: 7 February,all,Hanaka Carotte,"I love it !! Runs at 60fps even with a low-end pc.Now, if only I can play as a girl :x"
,Recommended,536930,29840963,Posted: 10 February,all,pillowyay,"I played the Android version a few months ago and transferred my save file over using the one-time password. Game synced up perfectly with the data on my phone. I love that this game is now on Steam since I can enjoy the graphics on a larger screen.However, I ran into some problems with launching the game. It was running quite well the first time around; I played for about an hour or so. Then when I tried to open the game the next morning, all I got was a black screen and the Steam overlay getting stuck in the corner, didn't even reach the Square Enix logo. This is not the same issue as the ""logging into Korean server"" problem; the game cannot launch on my PC. (might be fixed? See below*)It is unfortunate that this issue has prevented me from enjoying the game in full HD on PC, but I would still recommend the game for anyone on mobile. Around level 15, the combat has just enough tactical elements to keep you thinking while not requiring a long grind to progress. I understand that this is a new release on Steam and hopefully the devs will be able to stabilise the PC version; the one hour I did manage to play was really good (granted it's still easier to navigate the menu using fingers and a phone). Keep up the good work Square Enix.*Edit: I tweaked a few settings on my antivirus (Norton 360) and it seems it was blocking a file named ""Troj.8.Gen"" associated with the Mobius FF data files. Even unblocking that file didn't work; game still got stuck at the black screen. Only when I temporarily disabled the antivirus was I able to launch the game and continue playing. Perhaps the whole thing was Norton being annoying as usual, though I did manage to enter when running it for the first time."
,Recommended,536930,30045201,Posted: 19 February,all,TheCyclingNut,"I will be honest I am loving this game so far, yes it is a port of a mobile game, yes it is what is often a scourge on gaming the dreaded free to play model.  I am about 30+ hrs in and am still amazed with this game, yes it is GRINDY it a JRPG for godsake so of course it is grindy. Being that RPG/JRPG's are what I play I have no issue with the back tracking and grind at times.While this maybe a port of a Mobile game it does not even remotly look like it, it supports full HD upto 4K they claim,I do not know this for fact. As I do not have a 4K monitor to test how it perfoms, but in 1080P looks amazing. While the game has Full Controller support I do not recommend that be your choice, given there is swipe elements to the game. Using the mouse and just holding down the left-button and drag is far more intuitive then using a controller will ever be.I have yet to spend a single dime of real world money to advance the game, so it maybe F2P but so far it is not P2W. I do not have the most powerfull of a PC but even I get a solid 60FPS which is to be expected IMHO of a game of this type."
,Recommended,536930,29917057,Posted: 14 February,all,Bloodytampon,best ffgame i have played in a long time
,Recommended,536930,29975799,Posted: 16 February,all,Lucky,"It's Final Fantasy! What's not to like?Pros: Just like any Final Fantasy game, the story line is exciting and keeps your attention. The graphics are beautiful! The game is free to play (unless you choose to purchase in game items). You always get free gifts to help you along in the game. The recent addition of this game to Steam is a huge plus because it allows you to play on a desktop or laptop instead of your mobile device. I love how Mobius incorporates tidbits of all Final Fantasy games into the game.Cons: Gameplay can become a bit tedious at times, especially when you have completed all areas and are waiting for new content. Summon tickets used to Summon cards are hard to come by unless you purchase a lot of magicite and buy them in game.Overall: If you are a Final Fantasy fan, you will love this game. I definately recommend it!"
76561198080846115,Recommended,536930,29978279,Posted: 16 February,all,CoalMiner,able to play in midgar with clould strife 10/10
,Recommended,536930,30068028,Posted: 20 February,all,Tikalone,"I've never played mobile version and as a fan of final fantasy games I had to try it. I was very skeptical of mobius. It is a mobile port after all and generally I didn't have high hopes for it. Boy was I wrong. The game is great. First of from technical perspective graphic could easily pass as average on pc(considering its mobile port), sound and voice acting is pretty good and interface is well designed(although you'll need some time to get the hang of it).The first hour of game is actually pretty average but don't be fooled. Although the story starts pretty generic it actually gets really interesting and I found myself wanting to find out more about this world. Gameplay similarly to story starts pretty weak but the further you progress there's more depth to it. While at the beginning you can just use auto combat the more you progress the more you'll have to pay attention to you build(which is based on card system) and enemies you face.As a free game there's always potential for it to be pay to win. In case of mobius its 90% free. I didn't even notice stamina  system until chapter 2. Also pretty much all things you can obtain without spending money(although you'll have to grind for some things towards the end game).Overall you should definitely try mobius final fantasy. It does start weak but it just keeps getting better and better the further you progress. If I had to put number on mobius it would be 7/10.Also depending on when you play there is always great events. Currently its crossover between mobius and final fantasy 7 and it is great."
76561198027538368,Recommended,536930,29777196,Posted: 8 February,all,Gal (Redmatters),"Great game and completely free!Spending money isn't necessary at all, and you can still play through everything and be super strong!"
,Recommended,536930,29837440,Posted: 10 February,all,Kodyd194,"MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY, well I would say its pretty neat, and its cool to have a free to play Final Fantasy game here on Steam even if it is a mobile port. Its simple and I would recommend Final Fantasy fans try it out. I feel like it will probably be more niche than most Final Fantasy games, but that's not necessarily a bad thing."
76561198088811940,Recommended,536930,29974929,Posted: 16 February,all,SΛΧSΟΛ,Amazing!
,Recommended,536930,29810827,Posted: 9 February,all,Yukki,Technically The Best Free-to-play Final Fantasy game to have10/10 - would get rekt fighting ifrit again
,Recommended,536930,30049936,Posted: 19 February,all,Progus,"I've played it around 40 hours in a week, it's a solid Final Fantasy game with close to FF13 graphics. It feels rewarding enough giving you plenty of summon tickets for free. Mostly everything is obtainable grinding and being lucky, I managed to grab Soldier 1st class after 4 Greater ability summons, a legend job for free!Story of the game is typical FF kind of story but it's not bad, voice acting is not impressive but there's few good ones in it.I would recommend to play it as a side game and just give it a try, it might feel repetitive but it's still fun game to waste some time, either playing auto-mode or manual for harder battles.Giving it a 8/10, a good mobile game that feels strong enough as a PC game."
,Recommended,536930,29755781,Posted: 6 February,all,FatesAssassinGX,Mobius is already a great game for mobile and now a great game for PC :D ive played a ton of it already and now i play it on 60 FPS HD Graphics it looks sooo good. ill spend waaay more time on PC Version then mobile to be completely honest :Doh and am i the warrior of light? am i the chosen one??http://i.imgur.com/UdLjlx1.jpg
,Recommended,536930,29922759,Posted: 14 February,all,miztiq,been playing on mobile for MONTHS and FINALLY ITS ON STEAM (PC) SUPERB GRAPHIC ..gameplay however are GACHA based. still... enjoyable and beatable even if you are F2P player!
,Recommended,536930,29756160,Posted: 6 February,all,Xencosti[OTG],"I love this game on mobile and now on PC too. =) The PC version has enhanced music, visuals, spell effects, etc. The game is grindy but it is also fun. You can group up with other players via friends list, player code, or use an LFG style system for fast grouping. The game is easy early on but gets more challenging as you progress. You can also link your account between mobile and PC. New updates are on the way as well as a 2nd character.Just try it. Really. You won't regret giving it a go."
76561198067493972,Recommended,536930,29926808,Posted: 14 February,all,DoktorHamster,"I got hooked on this game, on my mobile. It was flashy, and fun, and a good time killer(With sufficient Elixirs, for which I always seem to have an overabundence).It was also a battery ♥♥♥♥♥.That's what console grade graphics will do to your phone, unfortunately.The P.C. app does not lose much of the charm, though the mouse vs. touch screen controls do get a touch more sluggish(Which pisses me off because speed bonuses), but, contrary to expectations, the game gathers a fair amount of visual clarity.There are many things, for which, I love about this game. The NPC dialogue(Notably Echo) are on the top of my list. I enjoy the fact that the game both has a storyline, and openly makes fun of it's plot holes. The combat style isn't ""typically"" Final Fantasy, but once you start unlocking some of the extra game content(Active Job change/Light & Dark cards), the game starts with a really sharp difficulty curve.There are honestly only 2 things I hate about this game;-Stamina(NEED MORE ELIXIRS)-Magicite(And by extension, in game purchases)These aren't especially ""Game breaking"" to me, however, and I find the game overall enjoyable, with the caveat note that you don't ""Need"" to use the in game purchases, and the events usually overload you with Elixirs, so my downfalls to this game are entirely avoidable.If I would make just one major critique of the P.C. app, versus the Mobile App, it would be only that the game feels like it wasn't designed to scale to a screen this size(Particularly wide-screen laptops)."
76561198008865564,Recommended,536930,29757400,Posted: 7 February,all,Anax,Great game to play in the background and for as much as i have been playing it (since launch on mobile) i have never encountered a paywall. everything in the game can be done free. including the challenges they release.
76561198157600447,Recommended,536930,30031597,Posted: 19 February,all,glsabre,"This game is amazing! very exciting and the multiplayer is fun. The story is well written and funny sometimes. It is not your run of the mill computer game because it is compatible with the phone app so you can play on your computer and on your phone with the same profile which is great for mobility and it looks amazing on iphone 6 which I use it on! The steam version even supports a controller which is great even though I haven't tried it yet I have been playing on my phone for a while and this makes it a little easier than tapping the screen to some extent. This game is interesting because it incorporates a collectible card game with a somewhat turn based rpg where you create a ""deck"" of abilities and the are your skills that you can level up and you equip weapons that you can upgrade as well to better customize and enhance your play style. There is no chat function but in multiplayer you communicate using stamps which allow players to communicate in a more friendly anti-social manner lol...."
76561198076838506,Recommended,536930,29896018,Posted: 13 February,all,Duskyer,Played for 4 hours straight. Only reason I'm stopping is because it's past 2:00 AM. After you get the hang of it you will be addicted.
76561197993271658,Recommended,536930,29992689,Posted: 17 February,all,Metatime,"A remake of FF1, the gameplay is pretty good but it does carry some of the mobile gameplay that the game is ported from. The graphics are pretty amazing and definitely a AAA quality game. There is stamina but the game gives a good amount of stamina potions so you can play for a while before running out."
76561198081801686,Recommended,536930,29771180,Posted: 7 February,all,IronEres,"WARNING!!! There's a fatigue/stamina system, but it gradually recovers over time. Recovery Elixirs can be earned and found ingame or bought, too. Sometimes events hand them like free candy.Transferred save data from Apple phone to Steam without problems. Looks absolutely beautiful. Plus, I don't have to slide my gigantic fingers across a small♥♥♥♥♥screen anymore.After chapter 1, I'm already looking forward to the rest of the ongoing story. Unless you're playing multiplayer/co-op, you'll be fighting as a one man army most of the time. You start out with a few class options, but can eventually branch out to the well known Final Fantasy jobs. More will be released along with future content.Future jobs released can even be based on iconic Final Fantasy heroes; ranging from Cloud to even Lightning and more.Not only are there many options, but every job has their own role in multiplayer.Overall, it's more exciting than single player. You should be prepared for party members who don't know or refuse to perform their role. As a Defender, it's frustrating when a healer refuses to help, despite everyone except for the enemy being near death.There are many other things I could describe, but it'd be ruining the surprises at this point. Mobius Final Fantasy is worth a try, and certainly lives up to the Final Fantasy name."
,Recommended,536930,30036775,Posted: 19 February,all,Lee3rd,"if you open game 4 times, u will have two or more different id and can't choose what id u wanna play. too bad"
76561198038331485,Recommended,536930,30039875,Posted: 19 February,all,Kaoui,"Quality gacha game, looks beautiful, a pretty good story and very F2P friendly."
76561198071001221,Recommended,536930,30044895,Posted: 19 February,all,The Joker,I installed the game today and I really recomend giving it a try. It's really fun. The only reason I stopped playing it was because I ran out of stamina.
,Recommended,536930,30021688,Posted: 18 February,all,Coda Ken,"One of my favorite final fantasy games, alongside FF7, FFT, and FFT0! Kind of crazy considering it's a f2p mobile game, but the story is really great/pleasant to follow along, and the idea of being the warrior of light alongside an endless supply of other warriors of light is highly appealing."
,Recommended,536930,29935950,Posted: 14 February,all,LԱИѦГ ҬЄѦГՏ,8/10 Needs more chocobos and waifus...
,Recommended,536930,29795569,Posted: 8 February,all,SkyboundFox907,"Updating old review because the game is now fixed.This is a fantastic game with a great story and awesome gameplay. On mobile, the graphics were already good, but the PC port heavily improves on those already good graphics and makes them look better. THe game runs so much smoother on my PC then my HTC and Samsung, plus I can play it in 4K here on PC. This is the same game on mobile except you get 4K and 60fps on PC.Pros-Not a pay 2 win, even beginners can play without spending a single buck, and for veterans you'll probably be increasing the difficulty setting-Great Soundtrack-Great Graphics-Good battle system-Awesome events. Currently there's a FF VII remake event.-You get so many free items that it's kinda hard to run out. I use a few elixers(fully restores stamina) a week and still have 65 right now.-Echo existsCons-Voice acting could be better-More enemies needed, sometimes you feel like you're doing the same level over and over even though you're not.Overall, 9.5/10 would recommend to everyone."
76561198006816432,Recommended,536930,29776496,Posted: 7 February,all,sajmon04,Warning: Very addictive.10/10
76561197973993969,Recommended,536930,29796218,Posted: 8 February,all,dlmhrl,"I highly recommend this game... As a mobile game. This is a stamina based game and not really geared for sit down constant PC use. I am actually pretty surprised it made it to PC. I have logged in and spent all my stamina every day multiple times via the mobile version and not spent a dime. I enjoy the game. I will most likely not play the PC version, but if it is the only way you can access it then I believe it would be entertaining. The elements and card-like abilities make it an interesting, somewhat strategical game. It can be pretty overwhelming at first and I believe they could explain a few concepts better. I can tackle all of the new content and they often have events or give out bonuses for some helpful stuff.There are plenty of different jobs to keep people interested, but since I have not spent any money on the game I don't really have the ability to max out more than a few if I desire. I have only used 2, with the skillseed panels fully unlocked and cards fully upgraded on one, but not the other. I stopped paying attention to the story after a few chapters. Mostly it is just kill monsters to grind blindly, but there are some ""quests"" thrown in so you have to do stuff in a specific order or collect certain items. There is an auto battle function to help the grind. If I had to manually attend to every battle I would not play the game nearly as much. While the new content is entertaining, it would be painful for me to sit and grind all the skill seeds I need to upgrade everything without the auto battle. At the same time I feel this causes a distance in the game as I'm not really DOING anything except initiating combat.Overall I like the game and would recommend the mobile version unless you can only play on pc, and then I would recommend playing the pc version. Also a couple tips of something I found useful. If you are just starting out I recommend using your first summon tickets to grab a 4 star card summon and building a job around that. The 4 star cards are insanely powerful. I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend saving up Magicite for a Mobius Gift Box to buy once per month instead of just spending it. It takes quite a while (you get 100 per 16 hours and it takes 3000 to get a box) but the bonuses are absolutely worth it. 3000 magicite is 6 summon tickets. In the gift box you ALWAYS get 6 summon tickets, 20 ability tickets, and a plethora of other rare/incredibly useful goodies. Not to mention it gives a 50% boost in skillseeds for the entire month. After the initial purchase you get some small gifts which are nice for starting out every few days for the month."
76561198082256618,Recommended,536930,29780032,Posted: 8 February,all,ＡＤＡＭＡＮＴＩＮＥ,oh♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is on the list
,Recommended,536930,29900314,Posted: 13 February,all,mrhan3z,"A Final Fantasy series that allows you to play on Mobile device and PC, what else you could've ask for.I would recommend everyone to enjoy the story and the gameplay."
76561198127901793,Recommended,536930,29931044,Posted: 14 February,all,Ai,I don't mind the story but welp.. those card characters brings back good ol'memries .. kind of a letdown you can't edit your character face nor gender .. so evryones all the same
76561198065483618,Recommended,536930,29973823,Posted: 16 February,all,k.mitch.gh,I spent about 5 hours on this game after it downloaded the special events have reawakened my love for final fantasy games so i am buying several here on steam. The game takes a bit of getting used to but once you figure things out even the starting jobs rock.
76561198066704744,Recommended,536930,29882458,Posted: 12 February,all,jeffery.1993,Would be better if there was no stamina but still a very fun game
76561198186839159,Recommended,536930,29896194,Posted: 13 February,all,Hare+Guu!,"It's not really a card game. The cards are just a way of collecting skills. They are only cards in name. You can literally call them anything else, and they would work the same.It's more of a hack and slash, the only button is your left mouse button. You click until rng gifts you with enough orbs to use your skills. Getting top score is nothing but timing so you use the opposing element on mini/boss kills.All in all, it's a fun game. It's simple.Warning: Don't use the x6 ff7 summon. It blows. If you really want ff7 cards, use the x5, at least you get 4* with it. I even got the Cloud class card with it. Summon tickets dropped a lot in the beginning, but during chapter 2, your only real source outside of buying it is daily logins."
,Recommended,536930,29897269,Posted: 13 February,all,Blythe90,"Great mobile game, okay-ish steam game.You can play the entire story without paying a dime, but getting top end cards to max will either take you months or some money. You can get ""good enough"" cards to plow through all of the content easily with all of the events that happen.It's pretty good for just the single player though, if you want to avoid min/maxing in any capacity."
76561198002465679,Recommended,536930,29931667,Posted: 14 February,all,Elite_Nomad,"I've never tried this game on my phone and thought is was boring. But after playing this game on my PC, This game is pretty fun and addicting."
,Recommended,536930,29916952,Posted: 14 February,all,C0LK3,Thumbs Up
76561198069841813,Recommended,536930,29978737,Posted: 16 February,all,G4M3RWOLF™,I haven't spent money in the game at all and have pretty good cards and the FFVII Remake Job Class: Soldier 1st Class
76561198327585903,Recommended,536930,29981914,Posted: 17 February,all,nekitamomejal,it's fun but kinda lacks the walking cause all you do is fight and you never actualy control your guy so 7/10 and when you get a  bit further your gonna die alot if your a first time final fantasy player like me but still recommended
,Recommended,536930,29775836,Posted: 7 February,all,hassanyawar,I have actually played this game a lot on mobile! But since its been ported to PC now I feel like to start over again. The following points sums it up for me:Pros:Higher resolution than mobileWide screen60 FPSInteresting plotIts Final Fantasy game afterall!!Cons:The game update pattern follows mobile's version so after installing the game I had to update it right after intalling itUI hasn't been properly updated for PC. You can still see the text like 'Tap to Start'.So all I can say is that if you enjoyed Mobius on mobile then there is no reason that you shouldn't play on PC. For those who never played it on mobile before they need to keep in mind before comparing it to other Final Fantasies that the gameplay and structure of the game was designed for mobile in freemium model.
,Recommended,536930,29773796,Posted: 7 February,all,Jay Spinz,"If you like ""mobile style"" games this game is for you.Made by a great team, amazing visuals, ever expanding content, and alot of unique systems in place really made to make you enjoy the game on an entirely different level.I've been playing this game since release every day(1 year and a half as of today(02/07/2016) and this game is just getting better and better. While much feels ""repetitive"", there's multiple ways to mix things up and just become overall more efficient.The customization in this game is great, loads of abilities and jobs to choose from all bringing their uniqueness to the table in amazing ways. This also helps in multiplayer!(Yes, multiplayer!) Play with your friends, maximize your characters, and take advantage of strategies to increase your effectiveness, farm time etc. As you progress you also unlock active job change during battle, meaning you can switch jobs on the fly which just adds even more to the customization.While people cry alot about certain jobs being behind a paywall(a pretty hefty one at that), don't let it discourage you as those jobs aren't extremely OP anyway. They are for nostalgia and ""bragging"" rights. It's all about your abilities, your elements, and a little bit of manipulative RNG(orbs). The recent FF7 event is adding Cloud as a permanent legendary job to the game, so now everyone can get a legendary job with a little bit of RNG luck. Try yours out!While those paywalls are abit annoying, this game is still one of the most friendly f2p games out there and there are magicite(real money currency) sales, you get free 100 magicite a day, a ton of items as you complete content to allow you free job and ability draws and you have full access to all abilities in the game(minus event and early access cards) from the ability shop with no RNG at all! So you can customize your character how you see fit without relying on pulling some magic ability that will work with your class.I can go on and on as I have maybe over 1000+ hours in this game, but you have to try it for yourself. It isn't a game made for everyone, but if you like character improvement, min-maxing,great visuals, alot of customization, and competing in PvE rankings, this game will suit you just fine.As a side note, you can play this game on both your mobile and on steam, linked together, so you can make progress at any time! Not to mention this port works flawlessy.tl;dr: Just try it, if you're here it's because it got your interest. I'm telling you now it won't let go. I'm proof."
76561198038901918,Recommended,536930,29977574,Posted: 16 February,all,Schaffanator,"Haven't been able to play this for more then 1 area at a time as the game keeps crashing. seems like a fun concept, I like the graphics quality, and the storyline (so far anyways) is engaging.  Overall I would reccomend, if you can play it.  hopefully its just a compatability issue with my computer."
,Recommended,536930,29863042,Posted: 11 February,all,Dark | csgobig.com,Enjoyed the game and always fun to come back too
,Recommended,536930,29779802,Posted: 8 February,all,GuitarJorge24 (Typhlosion),"Unusual but interesting turn based combat system. Many cards to collect and level up! There's also several player jobs/classes to choose from, each with it's own unlockable skill system. So far it doesn't feel like the game forces you to spend money. I'm enjoying the story and the voice acting in English is actually good. The story features a saucy fairy girl and a cute Moogle as your companions who liven up your journey. Like always, Final Fantasy music is GREAT!"
76561198193227553,Recommended,536930,29811487,Posted: 9 February,all,DNICE,"FF Mobius is for every gamer (casual and strategy based alike).  If you choose to ride out the game and enjoy the smooth and very attractive fight graphics, you need only hit the ""Auto"" button to let the AI do all the work.  However, if you are looking to challenge yourself and figure out the best buffs to utilze offensive and defensive, this game hits the spot.Stamina is an issue approximately 6 to 7 hours into the game, as you level up less frequently (thereby, leaving you without enough Stamina to enter a battle).  As such, you must wait for it to replenish.  The aforementioned does not bother me personally (it offers me time to break away from the game and play any of my much neglected library of games).  This game is not a ""pay to play""; however, it is a ""pay to speed up progress"".The game is linear (as you just click on icons to travel to on a world map); however, it is beautifully rendered.  The battle system is sweet and gratifying.Final Fantasy fans will very much enjoy the game.  The first world I went to after the first part of the story line was Midgar!  You gotta love it."
,Recommended,536930,29971724,Posted: 16 February,all,仮面ライダー  Wizard,Enjoyable 10/10
,Recommended,536930,30100202,Posted: 22 February,all,Diathadevil,Bless their souls for offering the original Japanese VAs if you dislike the English ones. And it's only less than 100MB to download it !Also anti-hero Garland is voiced by Zenzou from Gintama. And MC is voiced by Sunakawa from Ore Monogatari.
,Recommended,536930,29865926,Posted: 11 February,all,Venku,"I lost the pre order bonus changing from Android to iOS. Now that I'm knowing what the hell to do, I'm able at least to 'make it interesting'. There are multiple ways of trying to offer promos, and it's clearly promos. However: It's entertaining to say the least. I'm also happy Square Enix finally fixed the rate of the gacha pulls.Now if they can fix the obvious bots ranking on high scores...and if I can learn to suck less or draw some Light oriented jobs...8/10"
76561198067825928,Recommended,536930,29795273,Posted: 8 February,all,=FF=SpecialKid9999,"The game is dank af, with great visuals, an awesome card-based battle system, lots of customization options, a riveting story, BUT COMMA...1) There certainly is a limited amount of Summon Tickets in Global, as supposed to the original Japanese version. Expect to run into The Dreaded Paywall of Chaos as you try to Gacha (Card Draw) bullcrap your way into getting RNG to give you the job you want. Currently, Global is on Chapter 4, and I don't even have the required Light/Dark jobs to get through :(2) The story is partially hidden behind the Battle Towers. The OPTIONAL BATTLE TOWERS have IMPORTANT PLOT ELEMENTS that should not be TIME LIMITED. This is my only legitimate complaint towards the game (besides Gacha BS), and if you want to know the story or who the heck Meia is in the JP version, watch the Battle Tower cutscenes on Youtube....But other than that, it's a pretty good timewaster :,)"
,Recommended,536930,29759100,Posted: 7 February,all,Nihilism Enthusiast,"When it comes to these Free to Play mobage, you know exactly what the gameplay and structure is gonna be, because they are largely the same game. Question is, does it fit your taste? The setting (world on brink of destruction, existential soul searching of the populace), art direction (FF XIII 3D graphics), what exactly are you collecting for the core gameplay (cards which grant various FF themed abilities with great art and lots of reference style callbacks to main games), the atmosphere, music (same composers as XIII trilogy and then some).This is the mobage that suits me greatly, played it since release on mobile in the west and switching to this nice 60 FPS version is a boon.If you are looking for a nice looking and AMAZING sounding time vampire, this is definitely worth a shot.Also JP voice acting option because Square is based as heck when it comes to this. So thank you!Seriously the soundtrack is awesome."
,Recommended,536930,30084238,Posted: 21 February,all,TRON,"DISCLAIMER: I have never played the mobile version of this game.This is the best mobile game port I have ever played.  If you ever played Brave Frontier on mobile, much of the fusion system used in this game is very similar.  Decks are created by putting together combinations of cards that represent spells/abilities you have at your disposal in battle. The developers do a great job of providing you with enough resources and oppurtunities to make formidable decks that can easily progress through the game without ever spending real money.Speaking of real money. everything that is for sale is EXTREMELEY overpriced. That said, I have never needed to spend any real money and have over the course of playing for a week or so made 4 different, very strong decks that I have been able to progress through the content.  I can't speak to the ""high-lvl"" content, but as many areas as they provide for you to farm fusion/augment resources and the login bonuses and summon tickets, I never see myself needing to pay any real money. It is simply a luxury and timesaver for those who have the disposable income.  The ""legendary: jobs cost an exorbitant amount (75 bucks!?) and I have no idea what boons they could possibly provide for that price.The game is fun, although if you are looking for an action-RPG this is NOT that.  Much of the skill and theory involved is in making decks for certain areas and situations.  Like Brave Frontier, there is an AUTO battle setting that you will find yourself using often as fighting low-lvl enemies can become tedious when grinding.  If you are new to the game , however, watching the AI auto battle for you can give you some insight into strategy and when to use abilities, but they arent human and certainly arent perfect.The graphics actually look great in 4k and setting up my battles and watching them unfold in beautiful HD is my favorite part of the game.  The soundtrack is limited, but what is there will be familiar to FF fans.  Voice acting is so-so, great in spots, terrible in others.  The story so far is pretty good, and MUCH more developed than I expected from a mobile port.I haven't experienced a single bug or game crash, and if you keep in mind that it was ported from mobile touch-screen the menus will be no problem to navigate for you with a mouse.The resource systems and currencies in the game can be a little overwhelming for new players, but after playing for a while you will quickly become at home.  What seemed daunting at first will become the complexity and depth that makes the game enjoyable.Its free, its a great FF installment, and you can play the same account from pc and mobile. Highly reccommended."
76561198058027547,Recommended,536930,29849971,Posted: 11 February,all,Minum Baygon,this game sux...
,Recommended,536930,29934548,Posted: 14 February,all,Koby287,"This is game is pretty good and addicting, it may be mobile port, but it obvious plays better on your computers then on your phones. Its fun an addicting for meThis game isn't truly P2W if you have the time to participate in the limited timed events, which help level you up faster then playing the main story, and these give you  a higher chance at getting  better job cards and a changce to earn magicite through daily login and the other limited timed events. I did a summon  today and got the dragoon class which is the strongest job class I have now and my main. You should probably start playing now due to the 1st Anniversary event, and get spoiled by the free daily card summons and login rewards!!"
,Recommended,536930,29930401,Posted: 14 February,all,シンク(Sync) ~空狼,"It's fun and deep when you wanna get involved in battle rankings.Though it's really hard to ""catch up"" if you started late.  Here's hoping they help bridge that gap somehow with newer players soon."
,Recommended,536930,29966006,Posted: 16 February,all,[SUN] Dust038,"Mobius Final FantasyMy Friend Code: 2106-e5ba-2046  (Feel Free to Add me)This is a Square Enix Mobile Game turned PC point and click adventure! And it’s a good thing!Learning Curve: I would say to play the game itself is very easy in terms of card based battle systems. For those not ardently familiar with previous SE Final Fantasy Titles I highly suggest doing a full read through of all the weapons/cards/jobs to better familiarize yourself with.Initial tie into the Final Fantasy Universe: It is a Final Fantasy Game at heart. Any Diehard fan of the Series will be delighted to see familiar sights and sounds associated with the FF we have loved since 1987. And most recently with the FFVII Remake Update, there is a Limited time Midgar Region where you basically replay the beginning of FFVII alongside Cloud and AVALANCHE. Save the Planet.Warrior of Light: For you diehards that’s all I have to say and you get the gist of what’s probably happening. But for those of you jumping into your First Final Fantasy Game, the Warrior of Light is the Main Protagonist in many mainstream FF games, which is your character.Premium Currency: So the In game Currencies consist of Magicite which you gain over time, I think 100 every 18 hours approximately. Gil (Which is standard fare for most FF Games) basically gold pieces for you RPG fans. And Ability Tickets which are used to buy extra cards for your Deck.Gil is used to purchase Ethers which restores your Ultimate Meter.Quick Note on the Magicite System (a.k.a. the weird not really pay to win currency but beneficial). Magicite is used to buy Premium Items in the Store like Cards to increase Card Rarity, Openers which unlock Skill Panels, and Convenience Items like Warp shards that let you auto complete a single zone.Game MechanicsThere are a fair number of these so bear with me, it’s going to get a little wordy. Each Mechanic builds on another one so I’ll try to explain them in some sort of order.Card Elements: There are 7 Card Elements now due to the recent February 2017 addition of Light and Dark. They join with Earth, Fire, Wind, Water and dare I say it Captain Planet; Heart... Anyways each card is assigned an Element which requires a small number of Elemental Orbs of that type to activate in battle. Orbs are gained by attacking the enemy with your Basic Attack.Elemental Orbs: At any given time you can have 12 orbs at your disposal. Besides being used to Activate Cards, you can also use them to Increase your Elemental Defense temporarily against the Element you Use (Use Water orbs you gain Water Resistance).  Heart Restores your HP instead of increasing your Defense. This Mechanic is absolutely necessary at all levels of Play.Card Abilities:  Each card has an Ability that is activated when you use the card. These abilitis can vary from Single Target to Area Wide Attacks, Buffs to you, or Debuffs to the Enemy, and even change the color of the Orbs you have available.Card Job Type: Each card has a Symbol in the bottom right that denotes what Job Type it is aligned with. Warrior (Single Sword), Rangers (Double Daggers), Mages (Staff), Support (Person Icon), and Materal (Tree Icon). You receive combat bonuses if your Job Type matches the Card Type. As an Example if you are a Shogun which is a Warrior Type, and you put the Cloud FFVII Remake Card (Warrior) in your deck it receives major Attack bonuses.Card Rarity: Each card has a Rarity of 1 – 5 Stars. Rarity determines Ability Damage, the Ability itself and its Level Cap (higher level = more power) Upgrading a card’s Rarity requires special upgrade cards that are obtained via the storyline and daily events.  Magicite can also be used to buy them.Card Extra Skills: Each card has a few unlockable Extra skills that do cool things like generate Orbs, extra damage during Break sequences, and the classic Final Fantasy mechanic of Removing the Damage Cap of 9999.  These are unlocked over time as you use the cards, and also during Fusion when specific cards are used.Job System: There is a nice pool of jobs to choose from. Classic Melee options like Thief, Knight, Ranger (Melee in this game).  Classic Magic users like the Mage which comes in many flavors (White, Black, Red). There are also some classes from other FF titles like the Scholar and Dragoon.  Samurai is my Favorite! Each Job is aligned with 4 of the 7 Elements, one always being Heart. What this means is that the class can only create orbs of those 4 elements. So putting a card into your deck of a color you cannot produce is effectively Useless. There are a couple exceptions like Heart cards that change all your orbs to a different type that you cannot produce but I do not personally recommend this.Magicite and the Job System: One of the things you can do with Magicite is buy Job Cards at Random from all the Jobs you do not have unlocked. Personally there is no Best Overall Job.  It all depends on your playstyle and you’re going to encounter Enemies that you can’t Overpower quickly because you cannot make the Opposing elemental Orbs to Counter.Job Progression: Each job has a progression card that can be filled out with Elemental Orbs you gain after battle, or Openers from the Magicite Store. Boxes on this card can unlock new Weapons, Innate Resistances, HP, Starting Orbs, and Other Perks that you carry with you into Battle when using that Job Card. This is one of the Game Mechanics that purchasing Magicite can tip in your favor, you can totally out level some Enemies but since the game is PvE I see no real problem than this being a Quality of Life Enhancement.Job Level: Job Level determines your HP, Attack Power, and Magic Power. This is determined by the combined Level of your 4 Elemental Cards in your Deck. Since you can swap out any of these cards at any given time, your level changes all the time.Card Deck: Your deck consists of your Job Card, Your Weapon, and 4 Elemental Cards.   You also receive a 5th Elemental card from one of the people you are Following (Friends list).Your Weapon: Weapons are unlocked by progressing Job Progression Cards, Standard RPG Fare here, Swords, Longspears, Staffs, Daggers, you name it.  Each weapon has some Perk attached to it like +2% Ultimate Gauge Charge. Weapons can have Multiple Perks but only 1 can be in effect at any given time. Some Jobs can use weapons from other Jobs like the Shogun can use Swords(Natively) and Longspears from Dragoon.Echo: She is your sidekick. She adds mainly game banter, and bestows minor buffs to you in battle, like Haste and Regen.Very Important Note: Now that FF Mobius is on Steam and Mobile with the Ability to Sync your Game Data between the Two platforms, it takes your Achievements from Google Play and Syncs them with the Steam Client. So you’ll see a Lot of Profiles with 10 or maybe all the achievements all Unlocked at the Same Time.  Do not be alarmed, these are not Cheaters. It is just how the Achievement System is Syncing our Data cross Platform.  This Sync ONLY happens when you open the FF Mobius Client on the PC. I myself unlocked 12 of them when I ran the game the first time on Steam.Overall Impressions: With the Mobile Game Community still pumping out games at a mile a minute, FF Mobius is a breath of fresh air that takes mobile gaming to a complexity that is hard to find in a mobile game. I’m looking at you Fire Emblem: Fail Heroes.    Final Fantasy Forever!As Always Watch Gameplay Videos before Purchasing Magicite. The game itself is Free."
76561198143761790,Recommended,536930,29944565,Posted: 15 February,all,LeoXblader,"Not bad for a free game, yes it is a pay to win but thats to be expected from a ""free"" game, that aside its got good graphics, good storytelling and humour.Good game to waste time on, can get repetitive but its a free game what did you expect, if anything its really good FREE game.to those wondering why i keeping pointing out that is free is because i see people complaingin about it being pay to win and juding the game harshly for being a port, everything thats ive seen that people complain about is about stuff youd usually find in these online free games, and if you still think its bad then just have a look at the many games on facebook that are like this and youl most likely notice that not only theres tons of them that are basically a copy and paste but this is much more higher quality than any free online RPGs youl find on facebook"
76561198143390685,Recommended,536930,29760470,Posted: 7 February,all,pianogrinder,"Just an update to all those fools ranting about no fullscreen. Yes you CAN play in fullscreen. Go to ETC, Windows config, resolution, and toggle FULLSCREEN all the way at the bottom. Happy? Now stop complaining. What an amazing game. Somehow I made it through all the disasters that befell the launch, so it seems things are running normal for me, servers and all. And yes it's all in English.Now for an honest review. The game is tap based since it's a mobile port. Moving from area to area by skipping along a map. This game has a lot to it and I'm still trying to wrap my head around how to build decks, summons, skillseeds and more. Leave it to Square-Enix to make things complicated lol :).This will certainly be one of my most visited games since I've always liked the FF series. Can't wait to play more. It took me 3 hrs to download in-app but was well worth it in the end.For those who gave it a bad review based on all the technical problems, oh well, that's life.The moral of this story is good things come to those who are patient and can wait.Awesome game so far.RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,536930,30093878,Posted: 21 February,all,BetterBryan,I have been playing since launchh in NA. The game offers a great model for F2P. Definitely worth your time!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuxE0MKqspA
76561198085009498,Recommended,536930,29910213,Posted: 13 February,all,CLaiRe,"i had a lot play of final fantasy games.. but this game also is not easy.. you need to be patient player.. ahhaha-nice graphics, nice gameplay and also the party in multiplayer decks.-fusion cards-summon cards/abilities-jobsand more... but 1 think that is to hard which is you spend of money of this play, but it's ok is fun and somethimes bored.. ehehheit's better it should be a pvp multiplayer decks becoz its very challenging and to know more about this game!!!r0ck n roll 2 da world!!lastly need more cyrstals and magnicite!!!thanks!!!"
76561198283089883,Recommended,536930,29974229,Posted: 16 February,all,Kirito,>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,536930,29781920,Posted: 8 February,all,Xeroeth,"Played the mobile version and I must say, this is a quite good port. Playing on gamepad is much more troublesome, as this game was crteated with touch controls in mind, so best choice is mouse+keyb. Storyline is good, with mediocre graphics and excellent sound."
,Recommended,536930,29772187,Posted: 7 February,all,Hyperiotic,"Despite being transferred from a mobile game to pc, it is stilll quite fun. It's decently challenging, interesting, and overall, an amazing game."
,Recommended,536930,29793638,Posted: 8 February,all,MahNiggah,Battery life saver :D
,Recommended,536930,29792771,Posted: 8 February,all,sasa-chan,"play the potato version on phone, my eyes can't hold itplay it on PC, instant ""glorius PC masterace 60FPS"" thingone of best game ported to PC by Square enix, if you like a semi idle game while doing something else this game is for you. Also expect a sad story from SE, so yeah prepare for a feels trip. i've warn y"
76561198299307767,Recommended,536930,29746640,Posted: 6 February,all,johannernest,can't play it yet but I still love this game XD
76561198146551239,Recommended,536930,29776274,Posted: 7 February,all,Hiseke ヒセケ,"Huge fan of Final Fantasy and SQUARE ENIX's works.Just giving a thumbs up to this game because I was happy it was ported to PC. My phone couldn't handle playing this game anymore and because of that I was pretty upset. However, when I heard from the ""Final Fantasy Portal App"" they released a PC port, I was excited to give it another go because I really wanted to continue playing this game especially with friends.By the way, when I mean with friends, there is an included multiplayer function of gathering allies to basically fight a massive boss.Keep up the good work SQUARE ENIX."
,Recommended,536930,29802403,Posted: 9 February,all,Ei,"Finally the PC version of Mobius Final Fantasy Global version is out.With a better graphic and 60 fps, playing in pc should become more enjoyable than on mobile.The game itself is very nice, awesome graphic, nice story, player friendly events, and most important is that this game doesn't pay to win at all. All we is just enjoying the game and grind like any other ccg rpg game.Totally reccomended for those already playing on mobile or even a new player (like me because i lost my account).Don't worry about getting behind, it's not that hard to catch up with the updates for new players, and the guides here on steam community are nice and helping."
,Recommended,536930,29763584,Posted: 7 February,all,deathcloud,"At 2k resolution, the graphic is good and more detail than mobile version.The gameplay is very smooth, no lag or stuttering like mobile version.Overall, I'm impressed by the graphic and gameplay.One more important thing, share save data from mobile version works well and we can continue our progress from mobile version."
,Recommended,536930,29817347,Posted: 9 February,all,Dark Knight,I am not big Final Fantasy fanbut only played FF7 and FFX i likedbut this game is from mobile game but its a fun game
,Recommended,536930,29751405,Posted: 6 February,all,Monkeyman,"Ultimately this is a ported mobile game, as all mobile platform rpgs have demonstrated there will be paid features in the game, but the game is not necessirily pay to win! Premium items are a luxury and the game at it's core is everything a fun final fantasy game requires! Add to this the ability to now cross freely from this 4K resolution back onto it's mobile platform under the same account and you have hours of fun at your fingertips, both at home and on the go!The following is a short review of the steam edition of the game and what you can expect from joining millions of other players in the Mobius Universe! (most of the millions are playing the japan version however):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck7EbGpWnE4"
,Recommended,536930,29857351,Posted: 11 February,all,CVmaniac,Love it so far. First heard about it on my iPad.
76561198035351401,Recommended,536930,29746390,Posted: 6 February,all,melsubayai,"I've been waiting for the Steam release for so long <3 Finally can give my phone some rest, hahaha"
,Recommended,536930,29763894,Posted: 7 February,all,Aurjay,"It's a fun mobile game.  Not something that's gonna blow your minds on the PC, but it's a decent Free-to-play mobile app game that doesn't make you feel the need to pay crazy amount of money for over priced item mall transactions.  In fact, if you are one of those who strictly takes advantage of free-to-play games and dont spend a dime on the game to support it, you could easily do so in this one.  (Still think that anyone who plays free-to-play games a lot and never supports it are absolute scum and what has been ruining the quality of games for years now. But that's besides the point)"
,Recommended,536930,29753807,Posted: 6 February,all,D.MAIDEN,"Guys the update message problem is now over for me ,All I did was uninstalled the GAME ,then removed it from my Account ,[Account Details > Game Product Keys]& Again installed it, ."
,Recommended,536930,30011460,Posted: 18 February,all,Rio_G,"I've been playing this game on iOS for almost a year, and still enjoy playing it. It's the only F2P game I've ever played that doesn't become unplayable if you don't buy in game currency. The story is actually decent too. I get a little excited when new episodes are released .  So far it's going heavy on the ""main character identity crisis"" thing. I like it.Important to know  -   it's episodic. Every few months they add another chunk of the story, and beating each raises your ability's max level and sometimes other stuffThe currency-Magicite- is only obtainable from purchase or your ""distiller"" Basically you have a bar that charges from 0-100 Magicite over 16hours and you collect from it. It won't fill any further than 100 though. Probably a ploy to get consistent logins.As for the port from mobile to PC, I've had no issues. linking save data is super easy. It also sends some pretty awesome rewards for linking to steam. Recommended."
76561198100981453,Recommended,536930,30048725,Posted: 19 February,all,Kadulikan,"Before playing this game, please bear in mind that it is a mobile game ported to PC. There are no performance issues or stuttering from what I've seen so far, but the mechanics are that of a mobile game (to the dismay of many reviewers, it seems). That being said, this is a good game. It's simple, fun, and it looks beautiful, despite being a mobile to PC port. I've only played about 2 hours so far, so I can't say much for the story, but the voice acting is good, and all in all I'm enjoying this game (kupo)."
76561198069344649,Recommended,536930,29824416,Posted: 10 February,all,God In Training,"MY CRAPPY♥♥♥♥♥LAPTOP PLAYS THIS THING IN 60 FPS AND HIGH, AFTER A LONG WAIT PORTING ANDROID TO PC, ITS BEEEEAAAUUUTIFUUULLLLLLLLLL, GOLLY, IVE PLAYED IT SINCE IT CAME FIRST ON MOBILE, A LITTLE TIPS,IF YOU JUST STARTED PLAYING THIS GAME, ONLY PULL ONE HIGH STAR CARD, AND ONLY PULL ONE JOB, HOPEFULLY IT MATCHES THE CARD YOU JUST PULLED, IF NOT, BUY IT IN ABILITY SECTION. THE ADDITIONAL SKILLS FROM THE CARD ARE GOING TO BE LEARNED RANDOMLY THROUGHOUT YOUR ADVENTURE, SO DONT FRET FOR NOT HAVING ADDITIONAL SKILLS, ITS NOT YET LEARNED.AND LASTLY, JUST KEEP GOING AND GOING THIS GAME IS PRETTY GENEROUS WITH SUMMON TICKETS, OBTAINABLE IN ALL REGION IF YOU JUST KEEP PLAYING, AND DONT FORGET TO COLLECT 3000 MAGICITES TO BUY MOBIUS GIFT BOX, DONT WASTE YOU MAGICITES ON BUYING THINGS AT SHOP, ITS NOOOOOOTTTT WORTH IT.HAVE A GREAT ADVENTURE IN PALAMECIA"
,Recommended,536930,29866310,Posted: 11 February,all,Akatsuki-chan,"nice game , love it#ThumbsUp"
,Recommended,536930,29768767,Posted: 7 February,all,Luna,It's like the phone version but better
,Recommended,536930,30185514,Posted: 25 February,all,Sean The Challenger,"I would totally recommend,this game really is emotional, fun, addicting, and time wasting all at the same time. All the other free final fantasy games have the same style as this one. But this one is different for its 3D environment instead of a digital. It also has a cool battle system where you always attack first, Unlike the other final fantasy games that have the back attack or ambush attacks randomly. You basically have a pre-emptive strike all the time which makes the game easier and more strategie thinking. Some people, (the other reviews) think that its a waste of time or of its gameplay. And thats the reason why tutorials are important, if you dont bother to listen to them, then your gonna get upset, your gameplay experience will be♥♥♥♥♥♥ and youll be mad about the game. To make more sense of why i recommend this game, the story is really something. Remember final fantasy 1, well, have you ever wondered how it all started, this game will go through on how final fantasy all started. And, you can visit other places instead of the story, like final fantasy 7 or even final fantasy 10, talk about visiting your childhood heroes. In conclusion, this game has a fantastic story, good gameplay, and has good graphics. And if your willing to play a game like this that takes time to beat and listen to its well-developed story, then play this game to feel like your part of this game and its stroy. :3"
,Recommended,536930,29746752,Posted: 6 February,all,I Am Skeleton Dizi?,"So I've been playing the mobile version for a while, and been meaning to put an opinion somehwere on the internet for it.I'm gonna open with some left handed praise here: It's clearly the first time Square Enix put any kind of effort into a mobile title. All the Bravest was insulting and Record Keeper, while a solid title, was just an excuse to get the nostalgia going again. Brave Exodus or whatever was literally a Brave Frontier reskin, 0/10.But Mobius is another thing. It's an affectionate, cynical self parody of FF1, It takes a look at why ""The Prophecy"" isn't a good excuse, and the reprocussions of people taking it too seriously. The writing, I personally find, is pretty great. Lots of good jokes, espescially during the Battle Tower events. It's slightly grindy, but not massively so, and the gameplay is simple to learn and pick up. On top of that, the graphics (some recycled from recent titles like 14 and 13) are pretty great on mobile, and on PC, you don't have to worry about your battery life, so you can enjoy the game at its prettiest.My main criticisms are the sales model. Yes, you can enjoy the game completely for free. You have equal chance of getting every job, special card, event boon as paying players. But the charge is fairly ridiculous. A new job class costs 3000 Magicite (the in game currency) which translates to something like $20. Worse are the ""legendary jobs"" which are exlusive unless you drop $75 which is quite frankly bananas. Given that Summon Tickets are a limited resource, you're eiher going to get lucky or wind up settling like I did. Fortunately, Red Mage is a baller♥♥♥♥♥job, so it worked out. Sadly while the story is pretty good, the actual gameplay does get fairly repetitive. New skills liven things up but it's pretty standard old fashioned turn based combat. Not a bad thing per se, but not something you can do for a long time, personally.Over all, I give it an 8/10 for a mobile title. Which on PC translates to like, 7/10. Is breddy gud, you have literally nothing to lose for trying it."
,Not Recommended,536930,29879581,Posted: 12 February,all,Nezgros,Grinding simulator 2017
76561198040468471,Not Recommended,536930,29879896,Posted: 12 February,all,sgargoyle,"Well It is Beutiful spectacular. feels like a real rpg. But after you play for 2 hours you notice that they really dont want you to play the game. Extreamly limiting stamina on a extreamly grind based game. levels of areas scale for most parts then go all endgame with no warining. jobs provide little differrence to skill set and only add reasons for multipls of similar cards to match atributes.In order to upgrade a decent card lets say a 3star you going to have to spend about 9-10 elixers standing in one location for hours to days hoping to get the card but most times your going to get nothing.Not having upgraded cards means your stuck underpowerd vrs the game as the game scales all enemies to your level.  Your upgrades to the cards are your actual upgrades, level has really no meaning.with this kind of implimentation for progression in just stats and abuilities alone having a stamina limit is well TERRABLE MECHANICS.I did want to get into the stoy but how can i do that if i have to take 2 days to complete a Chapter, becasue  5 missions and thats it your done for stamina . unless your buying Elixers constantly.If the only change i made to this game was the stamina i could continue to like the game and even buy packages but with that as your base line of GREED you only show you dont want  people to enjoy the game.I have played and beaten every final fantisy title i have allways enjoyed the stories in them its what i play them for. but this will never be one of them and will probly be my last final fantisy greed kills another franchise that would have had people throwing money at it just for the name alone."
,Recommended,536930,29736720,Posted: 5 February,all,Tashigi,"Been playing this on Mobile for months and the JP version on Steam.It's a great game, though the NA version (Which this version is based on) has had it's drawbacks (Paywalls for certain Legendaries) according to the publisher, they're aiming to fix that going forwards.P.S Save your crystals early on. Same with your Tomes. You'll need them to unlock more crystals later on via Terrace.You need a lot of crystals OR a lot of Magicite to unlock all 8 panels of each class you choose to level.Also, draw a premium job as quickly as possible. Don't waste your resources on base jobs. They're nowhere near as good as premium jobs.Lastly, switching on Hard Mode while in Terrace will yield you far more crystals. Recommend you do it with an 6th panel class or higher."
76561198036967675,Not Recommended,536930,29756270,Posted: 6 February,all,Lala,75 Dollars For an in game item (Legendary class) ?? *Youre joking right Meh... Even without that this game just feels like an auto attack simulator spells doesnt have any good effects they just coat your weapon with the element and thats it... They used all the graphics for clothes and textures but totally forgot about the spells doesnt feel like a final fantasy at all : / Guess ill stick to ffbe after all
,Recommended,536930,29736467,Posted: 5 February,all,Deminionus,"[Server Maintenance]Due to the server maintenance concerning the update of the game, MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY will be unavailable in the following time.Work Period:10 p.m. on February 5 - 5 a.m. on February 6 PST (UTC-8)Notice:・End time of 5 a.m. PST (UTC-8) is expected time, and is subject to change.・It is necessary to update the App and download the additional data after the maintenance finishes.・After this update, the information page of ""February Calendar"" will be released along with other information about the upcoming new contents.・We are preparing all information pages to be released after this update in French and German as well.Thank you for your understanding.So STFU!"
76561198006399381,Not Recommended,536930,30152309,Posted: 24 February,all,Yami,"This game is a huge cash-grabbing piece of ****.That's the TLDR version of this review, and the only one I'm going to bother posting.Every 2 months they come up with an ""event"" where you have to spend HUNDREDS (some have spent this much and still got sh*t) of dollars for a few exclusive cards that are RNG based down to point single digit chances of aquiring.Basically everything good is locked behind a paywall or RNG gacha (gamble) systems.Can't classify it as a P2W (pay-to-win) game since it doesn't have a competitive mode, except the monthly Towers where only the people with the best jobs and cards are in top 100.Yes it's a huge cash-grab, the company releasing OP cards earlier than they should be released just for the sake of getting your money. Despicable. Just sad I wasted so much money on this piece of sh*t until I saw the ""light"".I'm happy it made it to Steam, so I can leave a negative review for it. I've played muuuch much more on the phone version.STAY AWAY FROM IT!"
,Recommended,536930,29737216,Posted: 6 February,all,<✲*◥*23*◤*✲>,Lets ignore the maintenance rantingi've play the game on the phone and it's funThe game itself revolve around the universe of W.O.L (warrior of light) which you knew from FF1 with a bit of twist in this one ( Mobius FF )The story is awesomeGameplay are simple ( element mechanics )Save your Magicite for class pullso spend this time checking out the reddit while waiting for the maintenance to end :DEditPermanently remove game from steam support and reinstall~ finally update prob gone and can play :D
76561198125093485,Recommended,536930,29738819,Posted: 6 February,all,D_Phantom,"how to update the game?it says that ""The game have the new version please update the game""But i don't know how to update this gama"
,Recommended,536930,29972161,Posted: 16 February,all,Giant Dad,You like Jazz?
76561198106676844,Recommended,536930,29772805,Posted: 7 February,all,jenglish1999,Very very good game.  A lot to it and very detailed.  Definitely need to get rid of the whole stamina concept.
,Recommended,536930,29818765,Posted: 10 February,all,mIm@$ !99,nice
,Recommended,536930,29776333,Posted: 7 February,all,TheBookBoy,Beautiful export from japan and the makers of Square Enix. This game is addicting. I have never played a game so much. And Unlike other mobile ports that have made it to PC. Once you play this on PC you will not want to play it on your phone. It's just so beautifully rendered and plays so well on PC.
76561198003745660,Recommended,536930,29821513,Posted: 10 February,all,Pendejo,Look at my hours thats how good this game is.
,Recommended,536930,29864273,Posted: 11 February,all,Junk,Not bad not good.
,Recommended,536930,29951124,Posted: 15 February,all,Narcissistic Cannibal,"For a free to play game that was originally for mobile, this game is great. the energy system doesnt screw you like most mobile games and its got a full story with fun to play mechanics. Definitely worth a try if you like final fantasy and are in need of a time killer."
,Recommended,536930,30009344,Posted: 18 February,all,MotherofDragons,Still better then FF 13
,Recommended,536930,29805979,Posted: 9 February,all,Naso,"Loved the game when it was a mobile app, and love it even more now that I don't have to murder my battery by playing it on the PC. It's pretty cool that you don't have to do anything and still play on the mobile because your save is online.The story in the game is pretty neat, in a way it takes into account that there are milions of players in the game(blanks), and it tries to prop your player up as the best. The voice acting is great, I loved listening to them.The mechanics are really fun and easy to get into, you can play the game without knowing much, but if you really want to get into it there are a lot of more complex things to learn, and that's always fun.At some point in the game, after you spend many many hours, you're going to have to ""grind"" some kinds, but it's really not that bad. Esepcially when they just increased a lot of the multiplyers for loot and other things.The multiplayer is also pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥ you group up as a team of 4 and fight some of the iconic FF summons, and you get there cards to use evetually.Overall, great graphics, music, lore."
,Recommended,536930,29746789,Posted: 6 February,all,Starflowers,"Having played this on mobile, I can say for certain it's a very good game, very crisp and beautiful on visuals and bless everything that they included the original japanese audio because the dub is cheesy as heck.That said, I can't play it on Steam because when I launch it, it says an update is available and there is no option to update, because the game ""Stops working"" right after. Pity, I was looking forward to playing it on the pc at last.EDIT: It doesn't accept my one-time password from iOS, even though I've been entering it correctly each time. What a waste."
76561198033613614,Recommended,536930,29758768,Posted: 7 February,all,Xazha,"Thank god I don't have to use an emulator anymore when I want to play on PC. This steam port works very well in terms of FPS. Besides the higher quality resolution, escaping the battery drain for phones, and the landscape view (which is worth it imo), the port doesn't really offer any other quality of life changes. Most of the negative reviews I see are there because of the horrible launch where you can't even log into the game but they churned out all the major problems for me within 2 days so I'm not all that grumpy about it. After all I could still play it on my phone just fine.I don't see this port pulling in more players but hey it's worth a shot. There is multiplayer and a lot of story nodes to hit up. As with any gacha system you can play this game without spending money if you plan and save accordingly. There's a great discord server for all your needs and a jp website to look up future cards and classes. I think that alone might get people to OCD on the game.The game has an option for jp voices. Use it.Also don't let the pay wall comments scare you. The Tidus event was a screw up 75$ job that was available but going forward with Cloud's event the jobs will be available with a gacha draw."
76561198185100035,Recommended,536930,30035952,Posted: 19 February,all,Last King,"for the first time idk how to play this,but in the mean time this game is so ejoyable and i find myself hard to stopverygood representing the franchise"
,Recommended,536930,29785619,Posted: 8 February,all,joe_mad,been playing this for 6+ months on mobile. and i play this game only for echo.
,Recommended,536930,29739122,Posted: 6 February,all,Helmwill726,Because some are stupid to dislike due to being impatient
,Recommended,536930,29750473,Posted: 6 February,all,Zero (ゼロ),"This game is better then i expected, great music and graphics, the story is getting better with each passing moment. Something that looks great on big screens rather then mobile phones. All the people that complain about fullscren options, its there and use Direct X while you're at it. People crying about the maintenence shouldn't be posting negative reviews, other issues are valid for posting a negatvie review though."
76561198071066451,Not Recommended,536930,30103957,Posted: 22 February,all,PerfectDestiny,"I love Final Fantasy games.I love auto-run games for when I'm doing my homework, or chasing after my 1 year old.The fact that there is a FINAL FANTASY AUTO RUN GAME is AMAZING! and I was truly happy....until the thing kept deleting my game play.I posted it in the bugs and technical problems, but no response from the game people themselves notifying me that it's a known issue. I've put 7.4 hours into this game only to have lost my game progress 3 times. The last time I was in the Reactor 2 area. Now I'm back to the first floor of the temple.It breaks my heart to have something that would fit perfectly into my gaming time and not be able to enjoy it."
,Recommended,536930,29784318,Posted: 8 February,all,-ゴースト-™,ff the best!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,536930,29795243,Posted: 8 February,all,Baery,"The only feature I don't like is that if you play the game for 4 hours, it will force quit you."
,Recommended,536930,29796573,Posted: 8 February,all,♛Minatozaki Sanaツ,"5/5Cool soundtrucks and gameplay, I like the story =)"
76561198295972686,Recommended,536930,29793291,Posted: 8 February,all,Light up the fire in me,"Desktop version is much nicer than the mobile one, but still good job."
,Recommended,536930,29977638,Posted: 16 February,all,Saurians,just installed it the game sounds amazing i already know ima like this game.
,Recommended,536930,29795088,Posted: 8 February,all,FallenAege,I started this game the day after it released on steam - it's okay.Edit: Most of my play time is waiting on stamina.
76561198052086101,Not Recommended,536930,30128772,Posted: 23 February,all,Dozell,"After spending 73 hours in game I think I have more or less experienced about all this game has to offer at the moment. Mobius is a generic snail paced mobile game set in a Final Fantasy mixed world where you play as one Warrior of Light among many would be warriors of light. It is full of references to final fantasy 1 and borrows monster models from final fantasy 7-14. The various cards you collect for battle are also references to characters and items from about every final fantasy game. If you are a fan of Final Fantasy, like I am, you should try it out since it is free, otherwise avoid.Now about my experience in game, I pulled Soldier 1st Class with my first opening and spent most of my time grinding through the story and events for upgrade components to max my job. By the time I had finished all missions in the game, plus the chaos field, I had unlocked all the exclusive branch 1 and 2 cards for the ff7 remake and had just gotten my knights of the round to level 5 max. For some reason, I kept playing even though I found the story pretty boring/ uninspiring and the action really dull. My guess is I kept at the game hoping for there to be a turning point that would draw me in... instead I found frustration at the lack of content and sudden difficulty spikes. Basiclly after I had my class maxed, and the story ""beat,"" maxing my knights of the round was the only thing keeping me playing. I hunted for the upgrade components and burned phoenix down after phoenix down fighting Gilgamesh (just for him to not drop his light upgrade material.) After my knights was maxed I decided ""you know what, it feels bad that I've sunk +70 hours into this game without buying anything. I don't really mind spending $18 for a mobius box. After all, I've been playing this free game for such a long time I might as well 'buy' it."" So, looking at the mobius box as a subscription option similar to ff 11 or 14 I purchased 1 box just to see what all I could do with the extra materials... When I logged in today I was greeted with a ""New Game/ Share save"" message... I never set my account to a 1 time password/ share folder... Rip 73 hours and $18. I considered letting the ""reset"" slide and attempted to pull the broken Aerith with rerolls, but... The game is in endless buffer/ connect mode after the 1st battle."
76561198057257055,Recommended,536930,29987417,Posted: 17 February,all,|DreamShock|,At start felt♥♥♥♥♥♥ but gradually got addictive to it. A good RPG mixed with card blend action genre captivates the gamer to sit and play all day long.
76561198039220642,Recommended,536930,29753866,Posted: 6 February,all,Artinaaz,"If you have downloaded the game, but a blue window appears saying that you have to update the game, do the following:1. In Steam, click on your user name in the upper-right corner2. Click Account Details3. Click View licenses and product key activations4. Click Remove next to MOBIUS Final Fantasy5. Relaunch the gameAfter that, just install the game (136mb) and click on play, which you will then define some login and gameplay settings, and finally have a 4GB game update.source:https://forum.psnprofiles.com/topic/45281-updated-steam-mobius-final-fantasy/"
76561198054940209,Recommended,536930,29754046,Posted: 6 February,all,Skyztamer,"I'm going to be completely reasonable here; and I will make the controversy clear.This game is absolutely fantastic.Yes, as other reviews here have pointed out, the international version of this game had a shady buisness practice that of holding legendary jobs hostage behind a paywall as an added bonus for whaling.*Crucial detaill that other (mostly negative) reviews have left out. The legendary jobs in the past did not necessarily cost $75 worth of magecite. As long as you had that amount purchased during the events, you would get the job in your mailbox as a bonus gift and would still have the $75 worth of magecite to spend however you'd like to your heart's content (again, so its absolutely clear now, because you did not have to spend magecite to get the jobs because it was a limted time bonus). Now, back to the review.As far as performance goes, playing on my gaming laptop at the highest resolution and consitent 60fps makes this game an absolute joy to look at. I've played Mobius on three other devices beforehand and the difference between each one is like day and night (most recently, my Nvidia Shield tablet. Steady 30-40 frames at 1920x1080p).About gameplay, Its farely the same as on mobile if you're using mouse and keyboard; but less intuitve. I haven't tried Mobius with a controller yet, but I'm sure it works alright.Day 1 issues. I haven't had any. I guess I was lucky for some reason because I got in several times (playing in burst) today just fine. No complaints from me about server issues from me. Game works just fine.Why is it fantastic?Well, the trick to liking this game as with most of Final Fantasy games and rpgs in general, you just have to ""get it,"" I'm not going to explain in detail how everything works in the game because the info is in the game itself to look over and study as much as you want. Understanding what you're doing with stuff like break power and magic% is how the game becomes fun when put into practice. Mobius's battle system is my second favorite in the series, only topped by FFX's."
,Recommended,536930,29793580,Posted: 8 February,all,x2Madda,"I like this game.It is very Final Fantasy in presentation, the usual high standard we have come to expect really. It reminds me of Phantasy Star Online 2 ES (another mobile game) and is in a similar style but with better load times and overall better quality.The game is free to play but uses the stamina system, I feel I have to point that out here before you read any further. The game is fun in short bursts which is mostly how its meant to be played but buying stamina gets very expensive so if you are the type to try and grind a game out, know this in advance.It does, surprisingly have a story that progresses too. Normally these free games are just shallow milking machines but here our hero is one of many. Infact the world is littered with heroes just like us referred to as blanks.We can choose to save the world or pursue some other desire (not really) and we meet other blanks along the way who have done just that. It all sounds a bit kingdom hearts like which unfortunately means we also get annoying side characters too but there is no point in me discussing the story because it is there to be enjoyed and since the game is free there is no reason not to jump right in and play.I really have nothing negative to say about the game except one thing, it is very systems heavy. You can fuse cards and enhance cards to increase skillstone drop rates and you can use tickets to unlock skills and max out cards and summon more cards and its just a whole mess of systems upon systems. You will eventually figure enough out to get through the game so I recommend you play the tutorial and if you forget anything or get stuck, to just google it as you go. Honestly don't study up before playing the game as it will just turn you off.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
76561198030239288,Recommended,536930,29792788,Posted: 8 February,all,xvxJonnyxvx,Great Story and cool events
76561198037639802,Recommended,536930,29793871,Posted: 8 February,all,SePh WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS,i wish the others FF after ff10 had this battle system
,Recommended,536930,29791998,Posted: 8 February,all,Kanra,"A good port from mobile to PC, way better graphics on PC then mobile and it runs smoothly. Having a bigger screen to play on is also great."
76561198300096876,Recommended,536930,29792890,Posted: 8 February,all,smoseman1970,"Incredible game. So many layers to explore and upgrade. You must be a fan of grinding if you want to progress without paying, but the combat is so fun the grinding is actually enjoyable. Many different jobs you can upgrade, and SE keeps adding new content to keep things interesting.Highly recommended. Blows the doors off all other mobile games, and most non-free games."
76561198114205770,Recommended,536930,29847749,Posted: 11 February,all,Cezar`ul,This really is free to play.
76561198144553100,Recommended,536930,29899996,Posted: 13 February,all,rdan23,Great Story and Gameplay
76561198150372476,Recommended,536930,29866406,Posted: 11 February,all,shkreli.paul,Amazing transition from iOS to PC. Beautiful fun and actually free to play.
76561198031735686,Recommended,536930,29972711,Posted: 16 February,all,uosdwiS r jewoH,"this game has hooks, if you like the loop and love FF music get it"
,Recommended,536930,29916613,Posted: 14 February,all,DannyDesario,"Cool concept for a mobile game, but I'm not a fan of card systems."
76561197996743060,Recommended,536930,29856274,Posted: 11 February,all,AsceticG,Acceptable performance on my budget Windows 10 2-in-1 Tablet.
,Recommended,536930,29873761,Posted: 12 February,all,innodd,"Pro's :- Amazing graphics, just like every FF games- Unique gameplay, it's kinda confusing at first but once you get the hang of it, it's actually really fun- Decent port, I can run it 60 fps even with my crappy pc- Collab events with other FF games, every event give you a lot of useful new cards and itemsCon's- Extremely dragging quests, ""Oh you want to get this key ? You have to go to the nearby village, help the villagers, defeat monsters, collect boss drops, fetch me a drink, deliver this letter... and that's it.By the way, did I mention you need 4 keys to proceed ? What, of course I don't have the other keys. Speak to the guy located miles from here, he might have more pointless things to do before you get the other key""- Stamina system, just like most online or mobile game, you use stamina everytime you do battle and it'll recover within a period of time- Repetitive multiplayer battle, party system with only 4 bosses battle and no exploration. Really SE ? you can do better than thatIn conclusion, I probably only recommend this game to FF fans because there's also tons of references from every previous FF games, even the first game"
,Recommended,536930,29769897,Posted: 7 February,all,Black Cat,"Exact same as the mobile version, except upgraded graphics. As a result of the pc release, players have the ability to share data between the steam version and your mobile platform, so you can play it anywhere you go. The game is standard final fantasy with stamina costs for missions, etc. If you like the final fantasy system, you will prob like this, if you dont... well don't bother downloading it."
76561198006483351,Recommended,536930,29744246,Posted: 6 February,all,Ueuelr Star8urst,"Played the mobile version since release, this was the best mobile game I've seen. If you like (J)RPGs or Final Fantasy games or both this is a must. If you like an fun game to kill some time and relax with, try it it's free.Speaking of free the whole game if free and I have enjoyed everything without paying a cent. I would like to buy some stuff but even the montly boost box can be bough with currency you get in the game for free.But I support SE with buying other Final Fantasy stuff.For the rich enthusiasts there are legendary jobs you can buy but they are only cosmetic stuff, the normal jobs you get in-game are just as strong.Another great feature is the frequent updates, just check the montly calendar to get an idea. The story is already in the 4th chapter and there are lots of side areas and challanges.MUST BUY ... except is FREE!"
,Recommended,536930,29761834,Posted: 7 February,all,peachflavored,"After some fiddling with the game (it wasn't accepting the One Time Password) I got it to work (removing it from Steam Account and then manually deleting the remains from the local disc Steam folder). The game it's pretty much the same as on mobile (I usually play it on iPad Mini 2) but better technically with increased resolution, 60fps, faster loading times between rounds and overall a smoother experience. I'd recommend this version over the mobile one for longer sessions since this game is especially generous with stamina."
,Recommended,536930,29773449,Posted: 7 February,all,Yukari Oken,ii love the game but i cant seem to progress past primordia it keeps pointing arrows at different things like profile when theres nothing to do in there the event page which i cant do deck which i cant do anything im getting ♥♥♥♥ing annoyed can some one please help
,Recommended,536930,29750336,Posted: 6 February,all,tristanphoenix,great game just waitin till maintenance is over then its all worth the wait :D
,Recommended,536930,29739696,Posted: 6 February,all,Jojo,"Finally a game where there isn't a knife against your throat forcing you to pay to make progress.Ahem this game is definitly holding up to it's title:-F2P and P2W players work together in Multiplayer thus making battles go faster.-P2W players are the one strapped with cash all loaded out with supreme cards/legendary jobs, while F2P on the other hand cannot obtain the supreme card/legend job without wasting time to reroll a new account, but can still make progress and play Multiplayer normally with a decent card deck.-While the game may be grindy, you can use Cheat Engine to speed up the grinding process so it's not that bad compared to World of tanks blitz where you're forced to pay to speed up grinding.-Good campaign, sound track, UI and animation.-You can trade accounts with others if they have something you want. you can link account to another device/PC via code so ur steam account stuff stays just the progress is traded so it's safe.-Helpful community with mature people willing to help, go to World of tanks forums to learn what being Toxic means.-Can be played on low end PCs, im playing on Intel 3000 HD laptop from 2014 and it runs at 60 FPS and max graphics.-Ping is very stable doesn't matter how crap ur network is.-You start with 3 trash starter jobs and if you want to get the proper jobs it costs $20= 6 summon tickets. but you can just play the game and get summon tickets by doing campaign and events so F2P has lots of freedom/flexibility here :).-Mobius gift box cost $20=3,000 magicite (ingame currency) but you get 100 magicite a day and 100 from Multiplayer so 15 days is enough for 2 gift boxes. inside the box is 6 summon tickets for new job and lots of great progression items and $20 is just a huge bargain considering the items inside total up to $75.No cons for this game really as you get cross collaboration events from FF7,8,9,10,11,12 etc and so on from SE games.Best game you will ever play~~"
76561198064158274,Recommended,536930,29759554,Posted: 7 February,all,chiteki kachi,why can't i link my account in mobile version with pc version?is it a difference version? and it can't link to each other
,Recommended,536930,29757101,Posted: 7 February,all,KAT SA36,To counter the unbased negative reviews
76561198076524893,Recommended,536930,29840668,Posted: 10 February,all,St3aming Dragon,"One of the best F2p Game can play on the phone(my recommend is to play it on phone as there are better games on PC) great story, has monstesrs from the main stream Final Fantasy games."
,Recommended,536930,29742145,Posted: 6 February,all,Ivorii,"In short:-Very good port-Free to Play-Beautiful graphics-Great soundtrack-Fun combat systemUpdating as the maintenance issues have been resolved! As someone who's been playing the Movile version since it's release in the EU, I am really excited to be able to play this on my PC as well now, saving me straining my eyes! Being able to share the save between my phone and my laptop is ideal and very easy!Even on my old iPhone5S, it runs ridiculously smoothly, and not a shocker, it's fantastically smooth and utterly beautiful on my delicious ASUS laptop. WOL (warrior of light) will stun, amaze and amuse you with his funny quips, references to other FF series games and, most of all, the outrageous gear wardrobe. Those who have played Final Fantasy Type Zero may recognise WOL's voice, since it is the same VA as Machina.There are classes old-FF-series-hands will be familiar with as well as some new additions to keep things interesting. Graphically, for a mobile game that has been ported over, it is beautiful - absolutely gorgeous. The FR is pretty consistent and I haven't experienced a single hitch.The music, in typical FF fashion, is wonderful; sometimes it's entirely original and other times it's fresh reworks of old series classics - I honestly enjoy it all. The soundtrack is pretty awesome.The story is still very much developing and despite being a little short at the moment it has been great for me to pick up and put down as and when, and the special events have been genuinely entertaining. The challenges are challenging enough once you reach the highest level that even the most min-maxed player will eventually find their glass-ceiling, and that keeps the challenge alive.In terms of combat mechanics, at first I found the system a little odd having never used anything like it, but after about 30minutes it was natural and I actually find it very intuitive overall. The card abilities are a nice way to keep things fresh and give you new things to try out, as well as the unlock system making it worth your whilst the find the hidden potential of the ability cards.The PVP arena is a neat idea, and for the most part I enjoy it, although sometimes connectivity issues with yourselves or other users can create slight hiccups in execution. The abilities and items available from the PVP arena are pretty neat but in no means OP.Speaking of OP, there are Legendary Classes hidden behind paywalls, such as the Ace Striker, but honestly, it's completely unnecessary to spend money in this game to 'git gud', it's more about investing time. Sure, giving SE a wad of your cash will possibly speed things up, but it's completely optional and I haven't needed to in order to have a good time and keep up pretty well with a majority of users I've come into contact with in-game.This game has a very lively and helpful community both on FB and Reddit - there is no shortage of help available to those looking to go deeper.Overall, casual play or full hardcore mode, this game is very flexible, and if you like customiseable combat options, fancy costumes and enjoyable soundtracks, this is definitely worth having a go. IT'S FREE! So why not?! :)"
,Recommended,536930,29791405,Posted: 8 February,all,xargon,Pretty funny casual game !
,Recommended,536930,29790616,Posted: 8 February,all,@VictoriaPolice,Pretty good.
76561198286700659,Recommended,536930,29738649,Posted: 6 February,all,Crimsonskye,Aside from the current legend jobs hidden behind a paywall. Everything is good. You can go a long way by staying f2p. Let's just hope SE doesn't  ♥♥♥♥ up with its decisions in the future again.
,Recommended,536930,29780863,Posted: 8 February,all,soda3x,this is pretty fun
,Recommended,536930,29781378,Posted: 8 February,all,Damien Ramirez,"Fun simple gameplay, looks great"
,Recommended,536930,29810874,Posted: 9 February,all,Warwan,Its really not that bad. it you're bored and want something new to play.Pros-Interesting story-Auto play if you want to smoke bowls-i love smoking bowls.-Love final fantasy-Free final fantasy-The combat is all right-micros arent throw into your face as much as normal free to play games.- I like the fairy girl.-Card system combat is interesting-Cosmetics within the game seem to be decent-Also nice to see a lot of old characters. Even if you cant play as them. they can be used in your decksCons-Its a free to play game. They all have problems.-The way the have you install is a little dumb for a pc title. this isnt a phone-Sounds within game dont seem to have a way to be turned down in game-auto combat is more rewarding then manual combat.-would love to see more swords and outfits but that is most likely coming either wayIn the end i recommend you try this game for your self instead of letting a bad review decide for you
,Recommended,536930,29777015,Posted: 7 February,all,Grimiest Ochinchin,If you hate energy system stay out from this games.
76561198109814485,Recommended,536930,29737331,Posted: 6 February,all,papyrusse,matenance c'est pas grave quand ont joue a un bon jeux comme lui :D
76561198191467062,Recommended,536930,30226282,Posted: 27 February,all,⎛⎝Enzo⎠⎞,"Short ReviewReally addicting. Story is not fisnished yet and Japan servers are ahead of the global servers by many months. But Global is surprisngly fun even though there iisnt as much content as JP server. So far i played for over 2 weeks and have over 50 hours. If you like final fantasy, I highly reccomend giving this game a try.The Class Jobs: So far there are Warrior's, Rangers, Magicians. 6 per job class and each class is polished and give exciting new gameplay per class. Trying to max out the character is difficult but when you max them out... It feels so good.Im a free to play user and you can beat the game with the cards they give you from the ability shop. But there are exclusive cards that come out that is about 1% drop rate. I reccomend trying to pull for them since most are OP but if not, it wont be the worst thing because you are able to use other peoples cards as 'rentals' during battle. So if you really want a card but dont pull it, you can use a friends.Hope this review helped you"
,Recommended,536930,29764593,Posted: 7 February,all,❈𝒜𝓁𝒾𝓈𝒽𝒶❈,-Fun game with great visuals and amazing soundtracks-Great artstyle with excellent character designs-- Wol is sooo hot >///<-The story is actually pretty good and interesting-It's free!!!I just love this game. I can't get enough of it (~^.^)~❤
,Recommended,536930,29771852,Posted: 7 February,all,FrozenLover,if you skip this game.you're missing an amazing story and terrific soundtrack.edit: I got months of playtime on my phone.
,Recommended,536930,29775960,Posted: 7 February,all,(Strai),"★★★☆☆Click your way through lite-story dungeons, customize your combat style with cards, levelup and unlock new jobs.+ Moogle and Fairy+ FF theme and tie-ins+ Rewarding progression+ Free2play, no harassment to spend money+ Decent graphics, considering its a mobile game+- Flashy but samey combat animations+- Backtracking through already redundant battles in dungeons+- Deep but pointless combat mechanics, as the game auto-plays- Bad english voices- Re-used enemies/bosses- No character customization- Clothing only change based on class- Equipment is only a class specific weapon- Cards are a poor replacement for a party system"
,Recommended,536930,29779698,Posted: 8 February,all,Commissar Vodka,A must play for old final fantasy fans.The re-imagined storyline of Final Fantasy one is amazing! :D
76561198080497956,Not Recommended,536930,29753590,Posted: 6 February,all,LaNoir,"Like most of the mobile games currently out there, this game is f2p but p2w.It is completely possible to play through the story and special maps without investing any cent. But when it comes to competition, in this case the Battle Tower events, the gap between f2p-players and p2w-players gets enormous.I don't have problems with paying for f2p-games if I enjoy them, but the money-management is pretty bad (like in most f2p-games, sadly). Everything is pretty expensive, and after some time they started to bring out special job classes that feature characters from the game which you only get as bonus if you spend 75 bucks. Wow, I could buy 2 new games from that money.The newest invention of Square are the Surpreme Cards, some really rare cards that can only be summoned by chance, which is increeeedibly low. I also roamed the Reddit from Möbius and found some posts of people that spend over 500 bucks and didn't get it. The card itself is pretty powerful and can onehit a lvl 1/2 Sicarius Bestia (Multiplayer Boss).If you just want to experience the story (which isn't really special, sadly), I wish you good luck in this game. If you search for competition - I hope you got a rich sugardaddy.Another problem that occured, to be fair only once: there are no server admins for different countries, so it took over 10 hours until they fixed a server-down because - well, they were sleeping. No compensation, too.To close this case with something positive: it is indeed the prettiest mobile game I've seen so fOH, FIRE EMBLEM HEROES IS OUT!"
,Recommended,536930,29747509,Posted: 6 February,all,Sucy Q,"Linked my mobile account so I can play on PC, says it'll close the game so it can restart everything.It can't even close the application, it crashes it instead.10/10 best PC port of 2017, would play again.For reals though, as a background to this review I've been playing this game since it's global launch on mobile and that was months ago. Mobius Final Fantasy is Square Enix's adaptation of the 3D type rpg into a mobile game type genre. This is (as far as I know) their first attempt at making a port of one of their several mobiles games. As such, this review will be talking about the mobile game as I've played it extensively and have much more experience in that as I do in the port.Lets start with some pros and cons,Pros:Gameplay: One thing I'll definitely praise about the game is that it does a great job bringing together it's RPG elements into an easy to understand condensed version, while still keeping a lot of the complexity a deep rpg normally has. You can certainly play this game casually and get tons of mileage out of it, it's true charm comes out when you get more and more into it and you began to delve into the various ways you have of leveling your cards, effects, etc. This is a game that is simple to understand, yet has something for all RPG fans alike.Multiplayer: Unlike most, if not all other Final Fantasy mobile games, this one has a geniune multiplayer function in the game. Naturally there is the generic ""leaderboard"" multiplayer in the single player options, however there is also a multiplayer PvE element where you team up with other players to take down a big boss in order to get rewards. The system is actually pretty well done as you can get several rewards that you can use in single player and the ""sticker communication"" has various options that you can use to convey your plans to your allies.The Business Model: The Business Model is one of the best parts about this game, especially in the early parts of the game, you can virtually play this game as long as you want and you won't run out of energy; same goes for multiplayer as energy is only used to get extra rewards. Getting materials to upgrade your cards is as well very F2P friendly as there are many avenues one can take to getting what they need to upgrade, such as events, farming, and purchasing through the ability shop which only takes in game currency. The game also regularly gives out summoning tickets which you can use to buy much rarer stuff from the shops. While yes, you can certainly pay money to get ahead, f2p players are not at a disadvantage by any stretch of the imagination.NeutralMusic: Much of the music is ripped from various Final Fantasy games, as a result it's very hit or missConsThe Business Model: The business model is one of the worst parts about this game, (see what I did there), prior to the introduction of ""legend jobs"", this section would not have existed, the model was very fair and inviting to new players. However, with the introduction of ""legend jobs"" the model has become a mess. These jobs are essentially extremely powerful versions of normal jobs and often include characters from other Final Fantasy games that you can be such as, Tidus from FFX, and Cloud from FFVII.You may think, that sounds pretty good! Well that's what we thought too until we learned it costs $75 dollars to get one of these jobs. YES I AM NOT JOKING. 75$ to get a limited time job that is super powerful, not only is this P2W, it's even wh0ring out the P2W players with such a steep price! Square Enix as of my writing this has shown no signs of changing this either despite the rampant complaining the mobile community has given them on their various social media, hopefully with the Steam community backing us up, a change will come but just take my word for it when I say, these jobs are absolutely BS.Reptitiveness: As most other mobile games, there comes a point in Mobius where the game just becomes a boring grind farming for materials, especially when you've completed all the story missions. Mobius unfortunately does nothing to alieviate this as many of the events are just the same crap you've done before but with a different prize at the end.In conclusion, Mobius Final Fantasy is a very fun game at it's core, but with very crippling flaws holding it back. It's a shame though because through some simple changes this game can easily be a fantastic game for both F2P and Paying players alike. Despite the rampant P2W options in the game, I will still recommend this game because it has still kept me coming back despite all the BS Square Enix has thrown our way. This game is not for everybody, but for the people who want to give it a shot, it has a lot to offer for what it is.Thank you for reading."
,Not Recommended,536930,30104567,Posted: 22 February,all,Otomaru,"The combat is nice. Visuals are nice. Progression is nice.Storry is ok.Don't like the card system.You'll hit a paywall eventually where you need to pay to play - Ridiculous stamina system. For example now i'm lvl 27, i have 56 stamina, one battle takes less than 5 minutes and can cost 10 +/- 5. It regenerates one stamina in 5 minutes. To fill stamina instantly you need item that costs abou 1 USD.My conclusion - Might work for smarthpones, terrrible value for a pc game."
,Recommended,536930,29736704,Posted: 5 February,all,Kiyo,Best game 10/10. But we can't accualy play right now. Maistance for like 7 hours.Info here (korean):http://cafe.naver.com/mobiusff.cafe?iframe_url=/ArticleList.nhn%3Fsearch.clubid=28632877%26search.menuid=1%26search.boardtype=L
76561197970278571,Not Recommended,536930,30133240,Posted: 23 February,all,Sigma,"This is a mobile game come to PC. As most of you know, this means the gameplay is repetative and there isn't really all that much to do. This is worth noting for the issue described below.The reason I do not recommend playing this isn't because it's a mobile game, but because it's an unethical cash-grab. As I understand it, this version, the English version, has higher in-game currency costs for real life money, as well as it being more difficult to obtain in-game currency on the whole. This of course means that the English speaking customers are pushed harder to buy in-game currency and at a higher price.To give you an idea of how bad this is, I spent 5 days restarting Mobius 100+ times in an effort to obtain the 'supreme' card Aerith. The beginning of the game gives one time in-game currency making this method of restarting easy to do for a desired result. A 3,000 magicite card draw gives the highest chance of this rare card. The game store sells 12,500 magicite for approximately 75$ US. If my math holds correct, at 100+ draws, had I actually spent money buying magicite to obtain this card, it would have cost me in excess of 1,800$ US to obtain it.The card in question is also a limited time card, so the potential 300,000+ magicite required to obtain this card could not possibly be gained without real money or at least a brand new account (assuming you don't have an old one with progress already).Jobs have also been released in this game requiring the purchase of 12,500 magicite to obtain (75$ US) and as it stands, more supreme cards will be released. The upside to the job cards is that at least you would be guaranteed what you wanted to obtain for a specified amount.Clearly, it's up to you to decide if this is acceptable or not. If you still wish to play this game, play the Japanese version if at all possible. If you play the English version, you can expect (after all one-time rewards are obtained) to gain approximately 7,000 magicite a month if you log in every single day and also do multiplayer. And no, you can't trade cards or currency."
76561198170611361,Recommended,536930,29745464,Posted: 6 February,all,Axelfan7,"Played it on my phone and couldn't put it down. The battle system is nice and the story is interesting. Chaos is at it again!Anyway, so glad it came to steam beacuse of the space it took up on my phone. Not only is the space no longer a problem for me, but no more lagging.For those who want to transfer their data, just download it on your mobile go to etc and it should say something about a temporary password. Open the game on here and type in the password the game gives you. :)"
76561198120961049,Not Recommended,536930,29767089,Posted: 7 February,all,Syron Elsman,"Downloaded this just because i was curious since i never played it on mobile but quite frankly its not something i would enjoy in my pc...Its just the battle part of an Final Fantasy game.. quite basic and needs some strategy to win the battles but thats thats it rly.. no depth, just a time waster."
76561198025651876,Not Recommended,536930,30096867,Posted: 22 February,all,Captain Davidius,"Can't play for more than a few minutes because it only accepts mouse input unless it wants you to type something. I know it's a mobile port, but some gamepad support would be nice."
,Not Recommended,536930,30127115,Posted: 23 February,all,dewbertb,"Being a Final Fantasy-esque game, I thought this would be fun... but no! The game has spent my time playing it by walking me through tutorial after tutorial and constantly holding my hand. And the voice acting is atrocious!! Disappointing -- glad I didn't have to pay for his boring mess!"
,Recommended,536930,29741049,Posted: 6 February,all,supersentai,ALREADY INSTALLED THE UPDATE. WHEN LAUNCHED GAME IT SAID 'A NEW VER OF THE GAME IS AVAILABLE. PLS  UPDATE THE GAME'. ........................................NEED HALPPPPPP  !!!  :(
76432912567125327,Recommended,536930,29773541,Posted: 7 February,all,GartinMarrix LͫOͤRͫDͤ,what is life.
,Recommended,536930,30128591,Posted: 23 February,all,lostfighter,very good lil game to pass the time bye. your able to get into it very quickly and u dont even need to spend a peny ofc if you want to then thats your choice but it does not force you to :). it has pvp side to it which is good fun and works very well for me on the pc
,Recommended,536930,29890984,Posted: 12 February,all,Killer Queen,Kupo!
,Recommended,536930,29737422,Posted: 6 February,all,KDB,This is a beautiful addition to the FF universe!Its even more playable on PC!
,Recommended,536930,29781983,Posted: 8 February,all,Hello I,A Masterpiece ported from mobile version.
,Recommended,536930,30064021,Posted: 20 February,all,kanwarjot66,A great game for final fantasy fans.
,Recommended,536930,29823025,Posted: 10 February,all,jordan,Addictive as f*ck
,Recommended,536930,29961938,Posted: 16 February,all,DIVALOID,"Alright, it didnt seem very interesting at first but gave it a try cause I love Final Fantasy.Couple days later Im on it non-stop, I need more hours on this and less for work lmao. Don't bother joining in on the game cause there's going to be more rivals for the ranking and the rewards! (J.K. Give this amazing game a run)"
76561198199493043,Recommended,536930,30006064,Posted: 18 February,all,HaTTriKK-iwnl,best story game ever all time
,Recommended,536930,30139091,Posted: 24 February,all,Just fucked my PC,It's an F2P gacha game and auto-battle works too well for you to bother thinking about making battle decisions yourself. But it looks amazingly pretty - managing to skirt 1080/60 most times on Intel integrated graphics while looking like FF13 on cutie pills. I'd recommend giving it a look if you're a Final Fantasy fan as it looks like a definite treat.But please stop questioning my name. I jolly well entered it. I'd appreciate not being questioned if it's my name. We get that you can call the player's name anytime in dialogue with a well placed expression. Now stop whipping it out in public.
,Recommended,536930,29784667,Posted: 8 February,all,Ryunatsu.wc0,i cant link my account to pc steamversion....WHY??key in the one time issue password and not{LINK REMOVED}working....ei??!!=.=
76561198118386341,Recommended,536930,29809957,Posted: 9 February,all,Treix,"The game is fun , it reminds me of Heroes of Camelot on the phone just PC and final fantasy + amazing graphics.People say this game is repetitive but I'm pretty sure it is not , since on boss fights you gotta choose which skills to use. As far as i know you have a total of 3 moves before you get hit so spamming clicks would be a waste of moves , thats why people playing like idiots think its repetitive because they dont know how to choose a certain enemy and when to use which skill. I recommend it , its a strategy , fantasy , and card kind of game which goes together great. I recommend!!"
,Recommended,536930,29809726,Posted: 9 February,all,SOL,Great Mobile Port!Great Final Fantasy!10/10
76561197985756651,Recommended,536930,29736843,Posted: 5 February,all,Noir,"Nice game play and story. been playing on my phone ever since they lunach this game , can't wait to see what the graphic look like when running on my 4k monitor .Be warn global MFF is diff from Jap sever the gatcha rate is lower to get the legendary Job hereOtherwise overall is a fun and good game to play ."
76561198255358269,Recommended,536930,30228113,Posted: 27 February,all,sepovic.mijo,10/10
,Recommended,536930,29759007,Posted: 7 February,all,Apoy,hmmm nice game
,Recommended,536930,29883306,Posted: 12 February,all,BOmbardi3r,Amazing game.
,Recommended,536930,29873228,Posted: 12 February,all,King Bob,"amazing, unique, exellent graphics."
76561198002028615,Recommended,536930,29806246,Posted: 9 February,all,Waddles with Wolves,"This is one of the better mobile games I have played. The graphics are beautiful and the combat and card system I find to be pretty fun, although getting cards as powerful as you need to be with the 9999+ damage limit break is a painful grind, which is the only way to get cards to be really useful. For the people saying this is P2W.... how? There are no PVP elements and with patience you can easily get everything aside from the special classes. Also with this release, take into consideration that the skillseed limit has hugely increased making grinding classes incredibly easy (comparatively speaking). With the stamina system you have to forgive it because this is a mobile game at heart, but right now I am sitting on more elixirs than I have the patience to use, so while at the beginning you may run out, you'll find these potions are amazingly easy to get and last longer than your patience to play at any given time.Overall a great and unique mobile game as far as I can tell. The Steam version needs some bugs fixed but other than that, if for just mobile, I would recommend!"
,Recommended,536930,29761432,Posted: 7 February,all,Kaitsu,"Rough launch, but after the errors were fixed, I was able to port my mobile save over, and now I'm more likely to play it more often."
76561198070557259,Recommended,536930,30117468,Posted: 23 February,all,βαϫξϝΘθϯ,One-of-a-kind Kupo!
,Recommended,536930,29794403,Posted: 8 February,all,G E N E R A L(Suppot Main),its so nc.
,Recommended,536930,29877530,Posted: 12 February,all,Metadons,Please no stamina!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198210500225,Recommended,536930,29959218,Posted: 16 February,all,Nikos,Fanstasic!!
76561197995762092,Recommended,536930,29737553,Posted: 6 February,all,jgheld,This is am amazing mobile game and I have no doubts it will be awesome on PC as well.  I can't wait until maintenance is finished to be able to play it!
,Recommended,536930,29922149,Posted: 14 February,all,NERDRA9E,FF7 Remake <3
76561198265286372,Recommended,536930,29821614,Posted: 10 February,all,Betsi,"A simple game, that gives to pass the time"
,Recommended,536930,29821584,Posted: 10 February,all,jbjorgensen85,so far this is an awesome game!
76561198090639171,Not Recommended,536930,30068350,Posted: 20 February,all,Cookies Need Love,"The tutorial of 15minute took me all exitment and fun that I thought I would have to play the game. Too many stuff to remember for a game that has very little action. Felt like I was playing click simulator.What killed me definetly was the ""auto-battle"". Literally can press the button to let it automaticly do battle instead of me...They tried to make a multyplayer RPG with no elements of RPG or multyplayer."
76561198041490619,Recommended,536930,29765454,Posted: 7 February,all,fiurion,"Amazing android port. Some people may and will problaly hate it understandly since pc has diferent standards from mobile market but the people that enjoy the mobile version of it will certainly enjoy it for what it is in pc, be it from the improved visuals to the little diferences here or there.Since i have it and ocasionaly enjoy it in my tablet...*guives it a plus*"
,Recommended,536930,29765608,Posted: 7 February,all,Dead End Kyo,"Since I never played the mobile version of this game, I always assumed it was a hack and slash but instead a click and point action adventure game, but that's not to say that it's a bad game.Surprisingly quite addictive with a system you'd come to expect from a mobile game (microtransactions, cards, fusing items etc).Despite the game's terrible start yesterday, there's really no reason not to give this game a go since it is free to play and just remember that microtransactions are OPTIONAL, there's no one holding your family hostage into buying them."
,Recommended,536930,29758585,Posted: 7 February,all,☁⊰Stormblood,It's a great game; no pay to play walls and the graphics is amazing and it doesn't overheat your gpu. You can also link it with your mobile so you don't miss out on events.
,Recommended,536930,29867362,Posted: 12 February,all,やまだ,im so glad that they did this on steam now i can play at 4k with no lag.
,Recommended,536930,29758571,Posted: 7 February,all,schairiney,I'm glad for the desktop version made available globally so I don't have to be worried about using up too much mobile data anymore.
76561198184010189,Recommended,536930,29757715,Posted: 7 February,all,xXx,"i can't log in using shared save account after several tried of issued one time password. Please fix this problem, thanks."
,Not Recommended,536930,30133995,Posted: 23 February,all,✪ KancIL N0thing,download is slow 😑
,Recommended,536930,29848421,Posted: 11 February,all,kk,its fine
,Not Recommended,536930,30178889,Posted: 25 February,all,Wiguan,Not fun.Repititive game play mechanic.
76561198283767041,Recommended,536930,30105808,Posted: 22 February,all,Pot_Man,THE SCREEN IS MUCH SMALLLLl!!! AND I CANT PLAY IN FULL SCREEN FOR UKNOWN REASON!!!!!!!!!THIS IS BROKEN!
76561198296500320,Recommended,536930,30084989,Posted: 21 February,all,Akuel27,"GG (Good Game)I like this game very much, i wasting time for this game, I enjoy play it, Be Better Fre Game Play"
,Recommended,536930,30159526,Posted: 24 February,all,Zen,"A fun time killer and a completely mobile Final Fantasy game that is free to play. It has a simple yet also deep battle system that allows you to customize a deck to suit your playstyle or the best ways to defeat your enemies. I'm surprised at how much depth of quality the developers had decided to put into the game being it on a mobile platform.The story is mildly interesting and sometimes the game does get repetitive after having to go through tons of maps and defeating mobs each time you want to progress through it but you can feel how much you're progressing after grinding a couple of maps and it does give you that Final Fantasy feel that you know your character/jobs that you're leveling up does feel stronger as time passes and especially when you get to know the game better and how all the mechanics work. The only qualms I have toward this game is the fact that it feels like an endless grind in the maps that they've designed but I suppose the auto-battling system helps in this.It is a typical mobile game that you log into with daily rewards and a stamina system but if you're a Final Fantasy fan, you'll probably enjoy it for what it is, especially since it's a mobile game that you can play on the go and able to switch between the two platforms on Steam and on your mobile device."
76561198189234973,Recommended,536930,29760432,Posted: 7 February,all,bausti9,"Can't play game because it says one of the files is a virus, so my antivirus program won't let that file be installed"
76561198202007675,Recommended,536930,30005902,Posted: 18 February,all,Mark,can yu guys fix my game caz i cant enter wtf !!
76561198071815174,Recommended,536930,29748990,Posted: 6 February,all,MightyDuck91,"Hopefully its fixed soon, stop rating the game based on if its working, and wait for the gameplay."
,Recommended,536930,29814301,Posted: 9 February,all,mbah,Not too bad. Very fun (:
,Recommended,536930,29756123,Posted: 6 February,all,[BWC] MechWarriorZero,"would have like a character creator, wanted to have my character as a female"
,Recommended,536930,29959784,Posted: 16 February,all,Rzonda,"Better than i expected!,my friend told me that its from a mobile phone,but the graphics looks pretty nice (would be better if there's an improvement on the graphics)and its FREE,8/10"
,Recommended,536930,29813937,Posted: 9 February,all,Space-Cat! Panda,"I just want to chime in on the reviews, As far as the game goes for pc, all I can do is say that for me it runs at a flawless 60fps at 1080 with no crashes or anything, I wish the builk of the game were downloaded through steam but I'll live. Love the game in landscape mode and when I need to kill my stamina and I'm at my comp, or have my surface near by, it's better than my phone battery. Did I mention that the opengl one runs flawlessly on my surface 3 (not pro)? 'Anyways, I've played the game since release on the phone. Until christmas I never spent a dime on the game and consistently finish battle towers in the top 500. for the Giglamesh event I finished with 453. So pay to win? no. The only reason I have put any money down  on it was because I got a google play gift card and don't do anything else on my phone at all so figured why not,That said, this game never fails to give me my final fantasy fix. I love it. I'm the type of person that doesn't mind killing stamina whenever I have it, farming what I need to level up. I don't mind waiting to get the items I need to level cards either.So I guess this wasn't really a review of the game, just a chime in to express that the game isn't p2w. Can you pay to move faster? Sure, but I don't really see how that matters. Just be smart about the cards you level and you're able to compete with the fattest whales.A couple things people may not tell you that you absolutely need to know if you are starting the game fresh,1.Don't spend any magicite until you have the 3k for the mobius gift box. ALWAYS prioritize the gift box every moneth, If I suggest that once you buy a gift box, you don't spend magicite on anything until after you have 3k for the next month,2. Grow stars come twice a month, One for the login bonus if you get in every day, and one in the mobius gift box. It takes 2 grow stars to level a card and you can buy them for 1500 magicite a piece (DON'T DROP BELOW 3k FOR THE GIFT BOX THOUGH!)3. If you feel like you don't get enough, can't compete, and that the only way through is with cash, njust be patient. Mobius is MORE than fair with their events and giveaways. You'll get what you need, just focus on getting those jobs leveled up while you wait.I'm sure there's more advice and I'll update this if I can think of anything else mandatory. And people have said all this more than enough anyways.Game isn't p2w people, give it time.DON'T READ THIS IF YOU AREN'T OK WITH BEING SEMI-SHADY!-------------------I just learned this myself and wish I had known sooner,.If you are a f2p player, have some extra device you can make a new account on,You get 20 magicite, 5 times a day (total 100 a day) for helping a first clear on a multiplayer battle. So have the new character create a 1 star MP battle, join on your main account and when the fight starts, bail on the new account so that the new account doesn't ever actually beat the fight, Just finish the fight on your main account and get 20 magicite. Do this 5 times a day and that's like 3k a month extra magicite. I guess people say this is mandatory as a f2p, but I've done fine without (though I'm doing better now!).Aleterantively, do searches for 1 star boss fights in MP and join matches where people are doing this if you can't create your own extra account,You are also a comlete tool if you don't let other people join you for the magicite when you are doing this, Don't make it private, help everyone else out when you can."
,Recommended,536930,29789323,Posted: 8 February,all,Tasty Tuna For Fortuna,"Fast Forward Fantasy, autoplay edition."
76561198044909380,Recommended,536930,29885862,Posted: 12 February,all,bs Killjoy,"for a mobile game..first impression is : Is this realy a mobile game?~It`s a game that needs to be played,it gives you many things to explore,hunt,story,battle~A nice story that keep u make...gosh i wanna know more xD,nice characters with a funny support named Echo a fairy with nice personality...ur gonna like her ""humor"".Nice battles,cant be bored one moment,cuz it cant occur,to much do to in a short time.So,this game is perfect for Final Fantasy Fans,ur gonna enjoy it."
,Recommended,536930,29959926,Posted: 16 February,all,So many retard in SE SERVER,"As a fan of FF series , im good with all game that from square enix.This game might be limited for open world , because everything was made like this as a card game with 3D char action.I would prefer game like open world online , like FFXIV and FFXV.but square enix online game only mobius are free to play.  If square enix can build a free system online game like open world i would gladly donate in game items in the game like not pay to win , but PAY TO DISCOVER THE WORLD OF FANTASY!.RATE MY COMMENT THANKS !  8.5/10"
76561198042952757,Recommended,536930,29913661,Posted: 13 February,all,Xaikara,"Easy to get into for beginners, with some added depth that'll allow you to freely decide what you really want out of your character build. Outside of that, players who wish to play without spending a penny should have absolutely 0 issue clearing any content in the game. However there are microtransactions and with that means players who put money in will most likely get more out of it.While the game itself is solid and I love it, there are times where I wish the dev team actually spoke out to the players more about their ideas. It seems if there's enough outrage they'll change things on a whim while also keeping everything very secretive. (which I believe would actually cause less frustration from players, if they were more open.)At the time of this post, there seems to be a pretty big community split with barely any middle ground and I'm going to again say this is on the dev team. Previously some of the jobs were available behind a paywall with no other option. Now they (at random) decided to make the current one rng in the gacha. It's as if they don't know how to appeal to people who want to spend money and people who don't.While that seems like a pretty big issue, the game is ever evolving and if you're a fan of the franchise or just want an rpg to play in your spare time, this may be what you're looking for."
,Recommended,536930,29774828,Posted: 7 February,all,Yushir0,"I don't know why this game has mixed review, I guess the new generation enjoys more of the openworld realtime gameplay rather than the linear/semi-linear turn-based system. If you are reminiscint of the good ole' FF turn-based system, then this is the game for you, card-based stats/abilities mechanics is solid which make this game highly addicting and fun. Story is cliched, typical of the FF series but still enjoyable, you can switch to English/Japanese voice overs and choose whichever you prefer."
,Recommended,536930,29753257,Posted: 6 February,all,Leo,Im still waiting to play the game. It keep on ask me to update the game.WTH!!!!
,Recommended,536930,29815217,Posted: 9 February,all,Ryoto,"What the hell is Mobius Final Fantasy? Some inferior mobile touch-based FF? Ok, I will just ignore it.Thats what I thought when I had seen these first look videos popup in my youtube feed.Few days later, I noticed it on steam... and it was for free... so I just tried, and hell I was wrong.After playing for 4 hours, I realized that its actually pretty good game, which shouldnt be ignored as just some another ""touch"" game.This is like the only ""touch"" game Im willing to play.Thank you SE for this free Final Fantasy game.The only thing I didnt like about this game, was tutorial. There is just so many things to be explained, but after you get behind it, its much better. And dont hesitate to try FFVII Remake collaboration, cause its really well done."
,Recommended,536930,29815734,Posted: 9 February,all,WanitakuNgambek,"Best gaym ever ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)At least, SQUARE ENIX never let me down of their games. The grapichs, the gameplay, the stories, the sound, and the music.They had that element to make me ""feels"" good again.Well, I'm not playing a lot of their new game like the new FF because my PC doesn't meet the minimal spec requirements.I wish I could played their game and support them by buying the games but I don't have money to upgrade my PC XD (enough talking bout that b*tch)So the Positive respons about this game:- The grapichs are stunning and awesome!- The stories never make you bored! Unless you're too lazy to read- The gameplay is more fun, also you'll never getting bored playing this all of the time.- The animation and skill are good so far.- Leveling? Its easy man.. like you doing one dungeon for one level, and you get bonuses EXP multiplier when you leveled up everytime.- Has many great jobs and all of them is awesome- Good cards battle- FREE TO PLAY DUDENegative respons:- So far I don't have negative respons and no bug/glitches.I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,536930,30224179,Posted: 27 February,all,RhendyWP,nice game
,Recommended,536930,29854585,Posted: 11 February,all,TheZombieNinja,played it from day one of moblie and still play it
,Recommended,536930,29912744,Posted: 13 February,all,Red,"I always enjoy a good o'l FF game but this game came with a trojan.gen.8 with it. Not fun, it also fails to start after the first run.WTF...can i get a fix?"
76561198317160740,Recommended,536930,29785611,Posted: 8 February,all,rbgranados,Greatest mobile game of final fantasy now even better on pc. I really don't know why people don't see that!
,Recommended,536930,29751324,Posted: 6 February,all,TehBoss69,"Great game, recommend."
,Recommended,536930,29821020,Posted: 10 February,all,Gopher,"Great game but with one down side.Keeps well with the FF genre, battles are a slightly simplified FF fighting system adapted for screen bashing on a mobile but still enjoyable with some tactics involved. Characters and story are a lot thinner than a FF title but kind of expected for a mobile game port.But the mobile format is what hinders this game on the PC. I managed a good 36 hours of gameplay with the items given to a new player but then I hit the progress pay-wall.  Battles cost stamina and when you eventually run out, it's a waiting game to refresh, level-up or the cash store for a top-up, it's not a huge hinderance but can put a halt on gameplay on occasions.If you're a FF fan and just want something to play in short burst combat or on the go then all is fine. If you're looking for a longer gaming time & deeper story then best turn to the regular FF titles.Overall, despite the limitations of the mobile platform format/layout, it's an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,536930,30004140,Posted: 18 February,all,gapyk,"Już 7 godzin?! Kiedy, co , jak xDDDGra strasznie wciąga"
76561198071310217,Recommended,536930,29801043,Posted: 9 February,all,Кytes,I had a lot of scepticism but turns out this is actually a good FF spinoff.
,Recommended,536930,29874783,Posted: 12 February,all,daynexi,"Started playing this on Android and then moved to iOS. Now playing same character on PC. Good cross-platform support; progress is saved across all platforms.As for the game itself,F2P FF?I have yet to spend anything on microtransactions for it. Square-Enix does a good job with giving away daily bonuses and promotions, and because of that you're not likely to need to spend anything unless you want to. I have 35 elixirs I accumulated over time, which basically gives unlimited stamina. I can keep playing this game as much as I want.Premium currency (magicite) is drip fed (on an 18h timer) to the player, up to a max of 100 when it's full. If you want to be 100% F2P, you can... it will just take longer to unlock jobs, etc.Also, for some reason the most recent promo keeps giving me 10m gil every day. O_oGameplayStrategic, turn-based battle. Elements play a key role in both the special attacks you can use during a turn and the elemental resistance buff you can give yourself. You have to decide which will benefit you the most, given the situation. Do you absorb the element to give yourself resistance, or use the element orbs for your special attacks? These special attacks are known as ""cards"" which you gain from enemies or get from the card shop.To be clear, this is not a card (vs card) battle game; the battles are rendered in 3D and the cards are just the special abilities you've chosen. (Sort of like a command list from classic Final Fantasy.) Card deck is organized before battle.Enemies have a stamina meter which can be broken. This is signified by ""BREAK"" on the screen when the meter is depleted. Targeting elemental weakness during BREAK can give you a significant advantage during battle.The game can be a bit repetitive, so it's best played in short bursts. Multiple battles against similar looking enemies and some enemy models are straight from FFXIV (Treant, Adamantoise, and Golem).Fortunately,there is an Auto-Battle feature and Fast Forward, so if you're short on time or just want to skip repetitive ""trash mob battles"" you can use those features.Multiplayer is decent. It's very turn-based. You enter commands, lock them in, wait for others to do the same, and then the turn against the summon (Ifrit, etc.) starts.StoryThe story is... eehh. It's split into different parts and there are a lot of ""trash mob battles"" between it. Some of the cutscenes are entertaining, and the voice acting is decent. Something major happens in Chapter 2 though and hit me right in the feels. I hope to see the story get better as I continue.GraphicsBest looking and smoothest when played on PC.SoundGood music and some classic FF cursor sound is thrown in the mix. Music gets louder when BREAK is triggered, which is a nice touch.VerdictThis game is overall worth a look if you're into Final Fantasy and want a game you can experience on both PC and mobile."
,Recommended,536930,29875965,Posted: 12 February,all,Cypro,"I started playing Mobius on my phone awhile back, I really enjoy SE games in general. This game has great graphics, a humorous story, and is very free-to-play friendly. When it was released on the PC, I was pretty disappointed with the xbox controller setup. The key bindings seem anti-intuitive... but I eventually swallowed my pride and learned to work with it.It is definitely a grinding game!!! There are end of the month tower events where you can semi-compete with other players and test your decks but other than that, your time will be consumed farming skill ups and fodder.If you do try it, give it a couple of days. Everything is a bit overwhelming at first but once you learn the ropes, you'll really enjoy the quest to become the Warrior of Light.When I first started, I couldn't play more than an hour or so each day for the first couple of days... just because I had no clue what was going on. But now it's my go-to RPG and I play whenever I have a chance:)"
76561198247360216,Recommended,536930,30145425,Posted: 24 February,all,mlambrosen,Cool game.
,Recommended,536930,29755438,Posted: 6 February,all,No Pa'in No Ga'in,Most beautiful final fantasy :3
76561198098590091,Recommended,536930,29927833,Posted: 14 February,all,jaschiu07,Good port to PC
,Recommended,536930,29927875,Posted: 14 February,all,Harshh,Cool !
,Recommended,536930,29896502,Posted: 13 February,all,iFong,:fury:
76561198199457107,Recommended,536930,29761340,Posted: 7 February,all,Sarge619,Anyone know how to link this with my Phone save data?
,Recommended,536930,29759319,Posted: 7 February,all,I3rawler,"Rewarding, addicting, fun.Played for hours on a daily basis on mobile and this PC version seems to be even better because of all the quality of life changes (AND 120 FPS Full HD is nice).Great events (and the events are pretty frequent!).New features/whatnot are added to the game too - Job Change was added quite recently.Try it, especially if you like Final Fantasy."
,Recommended,536930,29759437,Posted: 7 February,all,edox,Very good f2p game
,Recommended,536930,29759646,Posted: 7 February,all,Ariito,Most F2P game you'll ever play.
,Recommended,536930,29759710,Posted: 7 February,all,NOXIS,"i've played the mobile version for months now, and so far so good. it's a grindy game but you don't really need to grind unless you want to max your stuff fast. there's stamina system which sucks, but you get free elixir (potion to refill stamina) so much i would sell them id i could (got 91 of them). some of the jobs in the game is paywall (you need to buy magicite at least 12000, which is around $100) to unlock but you don't need them since once you unlocked any job it's good enough. i have around 6 jobs already and all of them are free. even the cards that i have is all free and some of them are lucky draw from event and stuff.but yeah, it is a mobile game, so what do you expect? it's never gonna compete with ff 14 nor 15 but for a mobile game it's one of the best game i played on my phone.for this version tho? i say it has rough start. i can't even connect to my shared account (thank god it's fixed now!). but the graphics is nice, not the most high end graphics, but nice. and it is 60 fps, which is a plus for me, since i played mobile and it's around 30 fps i think. and all the function working fine, smooth and for a bonus, they have controller support. wat. WAT. yep controller support which is wierd but awesome at the same time.if you have played the mobile version, then play this one. it's soooo much better in graphics and fps so the experience is better as well (no moar battery issue yaaay!). if you're new, be warned that this is MOBILE game, not a steam game. think of it as an upgraded emulator solely working to play this game. if you're fine playing MOBILE game, then try it, it's fun and the story is nice, combat is flashy (bit repetitive), and overall a nice way to waste some time. 7/10."
76561198070851583,Recommended,536930,29759816,Posted: 7 February,all,Patch The Fallen,simple but fun great game great art
76561197986964932,Recommended,536930,29759346,Posted: 7 February,all,Bad Alchemy,"***For anyone unable to link your account or stuck with a Korean game***Click on your name in Steam, Account details, Licences and delete MOBIUS. Uninstall Mobius and download again for the Global version of Mobius to correctly Install.Also I play this game all the time on Android and its very entertaining and good. Only legendary jobs require you to pay and they arent needed at all to enjoy the game as there are ton of brilliant jobs available (versions of Mage/Warrior/Rogue with different skills and limit breaks).New content, regions and special events are added all the time to keep you interested. Bear in mind that this is a mobile game so the story isnt uber and the combat is click based, but it looks great and as you level up the story does unfold and the combat becomes more interesting as you get more card skills and jobs."
76561198079168136,Recommended,536930,29837590,Posted: 10 February,all,Moulay`Ghale,permainannya asikkrn ada AUTO gameplayduduk manisupgrade2...beh jadi..mati herony..woke judi kartu..kartu jelek..WOKE TOBAT JUDIrepeat ampe bosen
,Recommended,536930,30234538,Posted: 27 February,all,Svryajaya,"Either you pay with your money, or you pay with your time."
76561198071030204,Recommended,536930,30051181,Posted: 19 February,all,Feuruma,im newbee in this game. and this is my first time playing final fantasy. i enjoy it so far and it has good grapich
,Recommended,536930,29774185,Posted: 7 February,all,TwistedCheshir,i love this game so much i played the mobile version and got to the top 10 in ranking i lplan to do the same again
,Recommended,536930,29753220,Posted: 6 February,all,Coy47,"Editing my review now SE got there♥♥♥♥♥♥together after a messy launch. Game runs really well on PC and even looks better then the mobile version, and I play this game on the gaming SHIELD tablet. I recommend it as a good idle game due to auto battle especially if you have a second screen."
,Recommended,536930,29780303,Posted: 8 February,all,A Meme Reborn,They finally did it:https://youtu.be/47YPs-qwNQU?t=2m29s
76561197991278752,Recommended,536930,29928568,Posted: 14 February,all,Misterbates™,"I'm giving this one a thumbs up. This literally is the only game that I played on mobile and for a long time I wished that this one has a pc version because it drains my battery out. Now that it is available on steam, I can now resume the game. It actually is a decent game with decent story, events just like your regular onling RPG, and best of all it's free. So why hate? You got it for free right? If you don't want it then maybe it is not the game for you."
76561198289270548,Not Recommended,536930,30135711,Posted: 23 February,all,Grey,it's harder to connect using my pc than using my phone and where are the rewards for logging in sing steam?
76561198186844502,Not Recommended,536930,30063753,Posted: 20 February,all,auto981256,"Boring game, no skill required. Mindless clicking/tapping. Don't even waste your time."
76561198048029733,Not Recommended,536930,30241614,Posted: 28 February,all,VoidEntity,"Firstly my actual playtime is 40+ hours as of this review date. I've played this game mostly on mobile before knowing its on Steam too.Now, if you intend to be a dedicated Free to play player, then leave right away and move on. This isn't a game where you can even remotely catch up close to a player who spends THOUSANDS of dollars in this game, not even if you play diligently 20 hours a day. You will NOT ever be able to get those super cards anyway no matter how many thousands of hours you put in this game.If you are the kind of player who likes cards games because you are a passionate collector type, again give this a PASS. By the time I started playing this game a week ago, I learned overtime how many overpowered cards there are in the game and searched how to get them. Turns out I will never be able to get them because those cards were TIME-LIMITED EDITION! And they keep rotating new time-limited cards every month which even if you pay for them, there is no guarantee you'll get them either. For example, the recent Aerite FFVII Remake Supreme Card was high on my list. But the only way to get them is through buying with tickets that cost around USD100 per chance. To make things worse, Aerith supreme card is a LOW DROP RATE CHANCE! There were players on reddit spending USD1000 but yet to get this card.Gameplay and combat is so far just plain and repetitive. Theres no strategy & thinking involved. Loot is 100% in the form of cards. No armor or weapons farming.Overall this game is a blatant cash grab. Unless you just want to go with the story campaign alone and you're not competitive. Save yourself the money and buy another AAA title, you'd have a more enjoyable time than Mobius."
76561198095718454,Recommended,536930,30244784,Posted: 28 February,all,MegaByte,"looks and runs great. pretty straight forward and simple gameplay, yet somewhat addictive. 4 stars!"
,Not Recommended,536930,30021463,Posted: 18 February,all,Xiellify,Lose my account again. I repeat. Again. Not sure if I really want to try once more. Or try getting it back again but only to lose it again. It will only frustrate me and make me hate the game and it was fun. I enjoyed it. But this is such a buzz kill if not addressed properly. Won't recommend playing for this kind of issue.
76561197971861210,Not Recommended,536930,30105847,Posted: 22 February,all,Nudelsuppe,"The gameplay is very basic, monotonous and based on card-enhancements that you have to pay or grind for. Nothing in this game can compensate for this flaw in my opinion, since you will spend most time fighting. The PC port is also basic, you still have to swipe and hold mouseclicks like you would with a smartphone. Even for a mobile game it's bad, I wouldnt bother with it."
,Not Recommended,536930,30183034,Posted: 25 February,all,Artur,"They might as well call it pay2win or RNG Final Fantasy.The first 3 jobs you gain are basically useless, regardless of how long or how much you spend to upgrade them.Of course the game doesn't tell you jack that you're handicapped if you keep investing into them.You are required to use special ""summon cards"" to get a proper job card which doesn't suck.What you get always depends on RNG though.Same applies to regular cards which you use to attack enemies or buff yourself.Upgrading these cards also requires luck and more often than not you fail and waste the time you spent on acquiring the materials.It's always more useful to just use ""ability tickets"" which you either gain from treasure chests, special events or of course through the ingame shop.Basically the game is out to drain you dry.There is absolutely no fun to be had if you realize what kind of a ♥♥♥♥ed up system Square came up with to get to your wallet.So for the love of everything that is holy: Do yourself a favor and just stick to singleplayer Final Fantasies."
,Not Recommended,536930,30069259,Posted: 20 February,all,AlabamaShakySnake,"So much potential here, but so much clutter."
,Not Recommended,536930,29754664,Posted: 6 February,all,GNARK1LL420,"No, if anything stick with the mobile version (not that the game is that great to begin with) since that version is suited for that platform. Just a lazy♥♥♥♥♥port or a game that wasn't that great to begin with."
76561198195987929,Recommended,536930,29780190,Posted: 8 February,all,bojox3m,I saw Cloud available as a jobit requires a lot of in game currency to get a chance of drawing him*spents $400*finally draws Cloudwill spent another $400 or more for Sephiroth next month
76561198272427061,Recommended,536930,30250286,Posted: 28 February,all,Smoke Assasin III,"The game is fun and diversive to the point where I feel like i'm the main character. In some areas the backround could use some updates but other than that, its a 9/10."
,Recommended,536930,30165646,Posted: 25 February,all,okhandsome30,VERY FUN
,Recommended,536930,30209747,Posted: 26 February,all,Smokey,People complain to much.i will add the game has good voice acting and animted story that is well done for a mobile game.so if nothing else you'll enjoy the story.
76561198070262685,Recommended,536930,29740362,Posted: 6 February,all,akirachua007,"GREAT GAME, FOR A FF FANATIC"
76561197983581375,Recommended,536930,29762557,Posted: 7 February,all,Juakin,-Needs Gamepad support/interface.-Needs Spanish texts.
76561198363199771,Recommended,536930,29932324,Posted: 14 February,all,Upil Terbang,nice but boring to play this game
,Recommended,536930,29778587,Posted: 8 February,all,Hikikomori (´Д｀),error_code:1410/10
76561198066969681,Recommended,536930,29773273,Posted: 7 February,all,Mordred,WTF am I doing with my life?
76561198195752421,Recommended,536930,30078094,Posted: 21 February,all,laser ducky,.
,Recommended,536930,29752127,Posted: 6 February,all,Blue Wizard,Quality loading screen simulator 10/10 would loadscreen loop again
,Recommended,536930,29766860,Posted: 7 February,all,Shunko,"Simply a masterpiece.Multiplatform.Good resolution.Cool story.Plenty of content and time-events.Single and multiplayer modes.Extra fun if you're a Final Fantasy fan.Many players complain about japanese servers being better than the global ones, and it's true you do get more items/content in JP and it's true one has to pay a lot for the stuff given in the global but eitherway one can get all the content in-game without having to pay a single penny.In my opinion, no matter what server you're playing, you'll enjoy your game and having tons of hours of fun in either steam and your mobile phone. It's a 10/10 and totally worth playing. Could even say it's actually the best mobile game that there is but i'll leave that to each own to see."
76561198068229620,Not Recommended,536930,29762936,Posted: 7 February,all,Str8,"The game's been out for a full day and I've tried a dozen times throughout to play but I haven't been able to for a single second because of issues so bad it's disallows any gameplay. First the Korean server issue, now a 'shared save' issue that won't allow me to carry over my save data from the mobile version.What a disaster of a launch."
,Recommended,536930,29944122,Posted: 15 February,all,volfide,It's good for my cellphone battery.
,Recommended,536930,29738483,Posted: 6 February,all,Srego,How to update??
76561198034763075,Recommended,536930,29738503,Posted: 6 February,all,Ninepix,"nice game, nice graphics, nice gameplay, nice♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198362815754,Recommended,536930,30226591,Posted: 27 February,all,mramirezzapata.23,Great game and beautiful graphics. Can get a bit boring as game play is quite repetitive but still awesome.
76561198329398575,Not Recommended,536930,29755135,Posted: 6 February,all,BragoVaiX,I love the mobile game however I can't even connect to the server with stable connection. So for anyone who wants to try this game for pc stick to moblile or emulators
76561197997237160,Recommended,536930,29798894,Posted: 9 February,all,Anubis Hope (Art By Saulo),I highly rocomend this game but im starting to have a issue where it wont load in anymore its just a black screen also the steam thing in the bottom left corner just keeps fading in and out over and over again it just dosnt let me in plze help ;-;.
,Recommended,536930,29815057,Posted: 9 February,all,JustZ,drain battery no morethanks
76561198339006462,Recommended,536930,29816995,Posted: 9 February,all,rendhyirawanoswari,this game can't full screen?
,Recommended,536930,29758801,Posted: 7 February,all,ILord-,I am having problems with the resolution of the Game i can't Click the Buttom buttons of the game. cause my taskbar is blocking it. so i cant go on any further in the Tutorial. is there any way to make this Game Full Screen Mode?
,Recommended,536930,29814970,Posted: 9 February,all,おにばく,square enix never failed me..
,Recommended,536930,29814459,Posted: 9 February,all,Ivanero,"It's crazy, but yes: A mobile phone game being better than most AAA+ PC/Console games, more polished, updated content every week, nice support and events, lots of functions and enough complex to deliver hours and hours of gameplay and researching guides or discussing on Discord."
76561198193455137,Not Recommended,536930,30143084,Posted: 24 February,all,zachary,not very good if you vant a game were you just click to attack i recomende it but if you want a good rpg/attack/strategy game don't recomend it
,Not Recommended,536930,30079372,Posted: 21 February,all,Major,I can't even get this game to update .
76561198057949403,Not Recommended,536930,30196270,Posted: 26 February,all,Pokemoc,They don't give items as much as Japanese server and other things new player can't play properly because they don't have any items in the fight.TOO BAD FOR F2P PLAYER
,Recommended,536930,29762211,Posted: 7 February,all,Klank Smash,"This is a port of the iOS/Android mobile game and as such as freemium/gacha style systems in place. That said, all the the main story content is completely beatable without spending any money.The story so far as been good but the actual gameplay is a bit lacking. Battles tend to get repetative quickly and can be lost by pure chance if you are unable to draw enough of the right element in battle.You pick 4 cards from your deck to bring in to battle with you and once you have drawn enough of the proper element you are able to activate that ability. The cards however just hang on the edge of the screen and don't have any unique visual when used beyond the standard one for each element. With such nice graphics I really wish they had come up with some better way to represent the cards you bring along.Being that its a free to play game, if you are a Final Fantasy fan I do recommend giving it a try. It has some great music, nice graphics, and an interesting story."
76561198353654852,Recommended,536930,29874364,Posted: 12 February,all,super demon,i like it but you need more room to play it and plus it says game crashes have the time
76561198145034623,Recommended,536930,29762546,Posted: 7 February,all,Blaze,Nice game
76561198123032441,Recommended,536930,30018223,Posted: 18 February,all,TaeGrado,♥♥♥♥♥♥ con graficas de ffx
,Recommended,536930,29945212,Posted: 15 February,all,Crichton {X}{U}{B},"I've been playing this game since before its Steam launch, for a mobile to PC game, it translated really well and Square actually took their time to bring it over and make sure it actually worked. Which for the most part, it did.Pros:Great graphics for mobile to PCEasy to learn for new peopleBasically getting everything you need over various events, and just playing the game so you don't need to buy anything with money.Mobius Day (goes with the point above I suppose), every 8th, 18th and 28th day is Mobius day where they give you so much stuff you'll be crying with joy.It's fun for the most part, and they have good script writing but they could have picked some better Voice actorsMOOGLES!Really nice card system for skills that you can upgrade in power and ""rarity"" by playing.Cons:Kind of grindy, but it's a mobile game at heartStamina system, but that shouldn't be an issue as you get elixrs out the wazoo if you do the events.Long convoluted maps to traverse when you get to the later chapters, the warp system kind of helps with this but getting to your goal can be frustrating sometimes.Echo, I don't need to expand on this one, annoyingDefaults to window and you need to put in a launch parameter for borderless windowed fullscreenI'd say give it a shot if you like Final Fantasy or want a nice casual game to play that won't force you to pay money.Rig:Windows 10Intel i7 5820kNvidia 107064GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,536930,30056718,Posted: 20 February,all,Robert,"I could be totally wrong, but it seems regardless of whether you install it on a different drive (in my case D), the downloads that happen within the game go to C. In my case, not enough storage to do that."
,Recommended,536930,29855255,Posted: 11 February,all,[FH] Hero Bubble,Best free game on Steam :P
,Recommended,536930,30114574,Posted: 23 February,all,Kenkyo••,very nice game
,Recommended,536930,29750099,Posted: 6 February,all,Magrock,"Thumbs up, just because these impatient people can't wait for a couple of minutes without crying like children"
,Recommended,536930,29943745,Posted: 15 February,all,RikuNoctis,Fun.
,Recommended,536930,29805977,Posted: 9 February,all,Lavender Dee,"It's Mobius FFbut in PC.Nothing more, nothing less."
76561198108044356,Recommended,536930,29958213,Posted: 16 February,all,moner_albream,The game is very beautiful
,Recommended,536930,29786124,Posted: 8 February,all,Reyedog,Pretty fun free game.  What is offered to be bought isn't too terrible also the game isn't required to purchase those things.Give it a go and have some old classic FF fighting fun.
,Not Recommended,536930,29756285,Posted: 6 February,all,Omnidyne-M,Completely unable to transfer mobile phone save fro mandroid to pc keeps saying error password for sharing file is wrong eventho its a fresh and new one I've just requested
,Not Recommended,536930,30158783,Posted: 24 February,all,Diogenes,"Introduction;This review is for the Global version of Mobius only.I still play the game for testing purposes.  Most of my game time up to now, has been spent re-rolling my main account, or playing the Japanese version, until it gets region locked.  If it does, I will abandon the game.The global version is absolute P2W, P2P garbage, mostly because of the flawed Stamina System.Many people say ""hey, but Elixirs and Stamina aren't a problem"", but that is becauase they spend money in the shop buying Elixirs.  If you save your 100 magicite a day, then you will be restricted to about 10 minutes of gameplay every five hours, while you just sit there saving the Magicite up.  It will take at least 11 days to get enough Magicite for one stack of Elixirs.  Otherwise, the game will cost a minimum of £5 per day to maintain, once you have spent your 100 free Magicite on Elixirs.If you mention any of these problems, all that some people do is sit there and tell you that your wrong, even when every tutorial on the net says the same thing about elixirs and stamina recovery, explaining how you are wrong by typing ""git gud"" into the message box, and saying that they have nine hundered and ninety nine elixers, knowing full well that they are going to run out at some point, unless they buy more, constantly.  It doesn't matter what everyone else says, they're all completely wrong.I refuse to support spending that much money on consumables, which are then used just to play the game.  Monthly Sub Only games don't cost £30 a month just to play them...The Japanese version, and it is a completely different game.  It is so much better.  almost EVEYTHING in the JP version is farmable for free.The full conclusion is written at the bottom of the page.Mobile Port:Let me start by saying that this is a mobile port of Global Mobius Final Fantasy, so don't expect anything spectacular.  Yes, it looks good, but then again, it is a mobile port.  What did you expect?Gameplay;If you are expecting classic FF7 type gameplay, you will be dissapointed.  The game plays nothing like later Final Fantasy games, such as Lightning Returns etc.The fun comes from building card decks, of which there are many types available, IF that is, they were easier to get without potentially having to pay for them.If you leave Mobius on automatic and quickstart for the battles, then there isn't any gameplay, period.  It just becomes a game where watch a fight sequence, collect and modify your decks, and then repeatedly test them against the A.I, which you can't do, because you are forever running out of Stamina.Magicite;Magicite is the in game currency, and can cost anywhere between £5 and well over £35, depending on the amount that you purchase.  Magicite cannot be saved up, and will be reset after a while.You can get 100 Magicite free each day, but there are many problems associated with this, since it is impossible to farm more Magicite in the Global version of Mobius.Some problems are highlighted below.Summoner Tickets and  Growstars;Summoner Tickets are used to get both in game abilities and Jobs, which are drawn completely at random.  Very few Summoner Tickets drop in game.  Summoner Tickets are given out as one time only rewards.  Growstars are used to upgrade cards.  Growstars do not drop in game.  Both items have a chance of being given as daily log in rewards.  THE ONLY OTHER WAY TO GET THESE ITEMS is to pay for them in the cash shop.You need at least 2 Growstars to upgrade one card.  This is a problem becaue one Growstar costs approximately 1500 Magicite.  Another 3000 Magicite will allow you to have a single turn of the Summoners Wheel, for several unranked random Ability Cards, with a 'possibility' of getting both random jobs and duplicate cards.There is no way to save enough Magicite up daily for both of these items, as a result, all of a sudden the price has jumped from F2P to nearly £60 for several cards, and two Growstars.For the same price, you can buy several fully developed AAA games.The Deeply Flawed Stamina System.The worst problem by a mile though, is the flawed Stamina System.  Every time you enter a fight, it costs as little as 3 points of Stamina, or more than 50 Stamina Points, in some cases.Stamina recharges at a rate of 1 Stamina Point every 5 MINUTES.  If a fight cost 50 Stamina Points, you would have to wait for over 4 hours to regain all of your Stamina.When stamina runs out, the player is then forced to either log off and wait it out, or to consider buying elixers if you want to continue playing the game, and the 100 free Magicite each day, will only buy 1 Elixer which will last for less than 30 minutes.Players can play multiplayer fights without spending stamina, BUT NO ONE WANTS TO BE THE LEADER BECAUSE OF THE STAMINA COSTS...Innevitably, players end up with a deeply flawed stamina system where they are unable to play either Multiplayer or Solo games because of stamina costs, and the only option left is to spend money on Elixers.As a result, stamina ends up acting as a direct paywall, between the gamer and the game.  If you pay £10 for 11 Elixers per day, that is £310 by the end of the average month just to play the game.Hopefully, players will not become addicted to Mobius Final Fantasy, because some addictions don't even cost £310 a month to maintain!.Disgusting business ethics;This game is perhaps the worst example of both a P2W, and P2P game that I have ever seen.From a social perspective, I think that it is obscene when a business seems to foster addictions between the gamers and this game, and then attempts to extort money out of those gamers who have become addicted.  It is little wonder that people are abusing the game in the form of hacked Magicite.To be brutally honest, with the pricing strategy, especially for basic consumables which prevent you from being able to play the game if you don't have those consumables, I am surprised that this game has been able to get a listing on Steam.Conclusion;IF you are certain that you are going to download Mobius, don't download the Global Version.  It is terrible.  Get the Japanese Version instead.  The Japanese Version is much better than this Global version which is nothing more than a cash grab.I don't see how much fun you can really have in this game anyway to be honest, what with it's P2W and Pay to Play strategy, rediculous stamina system, automated combat system, hackers running rampant, and it's exceptionally overpriced microtransaction store.Global Mobius is not as free as people make out that it is.  It is innevitably going to cost money sooner or later, and by the look of it, big money in the form of having to buy Elixers JUST TO PLAY THE GAME.   It is OK saying ""hey spend a couple of bucks"", but sooner or later, those bucks start adding up into big bucks.If I had to classify this game as anything, it would be to classify it as a shameless attempt at porting a P2W, Pay2Play cashgrab mobile game on to the PC, which then attempts to feed on the addiction of the player base, by putting up a direct paywall in the form of the stamina system which prevents the players progression.With that said, the Japanese version is completely different.  The Japanese version is a very  enjoyable game where everything from Elixers, to cards, to Magicite can be farmed from mobs in game.  It makes no logical sense to discriminate between Japanese Players and Global Players, but Square Enix have done just that.Ultimately it is up to you what you do, but I would strongly recommend not playing Global Mobius.  It will simply either cost too much to maintain upkeep in terms of buying Elixiers, or you won't be able to play the game for long enough without being FORCED to take a five hour rest period while the Stamina System is restored.  5 hours waiting for 30 minutes of game play is rediculous."
,Not Recommended,536930,29772023,Posted: 7 February,all,Asperyules,"A terrible mobile port. At least change the goddamn ""touch, wipe, tap the screen"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you lazy devs.162 mb Steam install is just client, then it'll update to about 3 GBs. It has in-app purchases(quite P2Enjoy), terrible optimization, 30 min long tutorial, extremely simple linear gameplay and an idiotic sky dude who just won't shut up.If you absolutely have nothing else to play, sure it's F2P. Otherwise, there are loooots of better F2P games."
,Not Recommended,536930,29754253,Posted: 6 February,all,Mostly Harmless,"Oh cool a PC port that launches without a settnings menu and defaults to a windowed resolution that doesent fit on my screen.Because seein stuff is not like, critical."
76561197967524117,Not Recommended,536930,29752587,Posted: 6 February,all,darshie76,"Beware; this is a port of the mobile version. The graphic, considering what it does, is borderline mediocre.It is not a free roaming game; although the trailer make it look like it. you are basically playing a port of the game, which is as bad as the mobile version...but on a computer.The version on mobile was OK; take it or leave it, you may like to waste time with games like Mobius FF; that's up to you; but  it is ridiculous to actually sit down in front of a monitor, with the main purpose to play this game.To give you an idea, they didn't even change the labels of the game, asking you to ""tap"" instead than click...if laziness was quantifiable by such clues; you could say that this game would hit the jackpot. The game evolve on ""levels"", which you visit tapping on it; then the battlefield load and you are basically tapping away your battles, exactly like the thousands of games that you see on the App store of your favorite device.Was it too hard to make a simple free roaming game, for the PC version? Was too hard to use a turn based system; which allow you to not have to overhaul the battle system? Instead the outcome is a mediocre port of an already mediocre game.Too bad because I would pay 10-15 bucks for a game like this, if it was in fact a free roaming game; but then why should they have FF online, and charge people for subscriptions? Much better port a phone game on Steam, so you can find someone that would sink some money in it with microtransactions. But the game is not even worth to spend a dime; even less to spend 20-40 bucks for special classes or rare items.In a nutshell; get the game on your device, that's where it belongs; and check out FF 14 Online, if you want a nice free roaming game for your computer, with the lore of Final Fantasy."
,Recommended,536930,29741173,Posted: 6 February,all,yugiyugioh,just no bug and ill recommended five stars
,Not Recommended,536930,29863965,Posted: 11 February,all,Daymare,It stopped working for me on my computer the 2 hours straight I played of it though were really fun. But everytime I've tried to log in now it only leads to a black screen and even the message at the corner of the screen that says you can connect to steam while playing using tab+ctrl started glitching out a bit. If it works on your computer get it but for me something went wrong
,Recommended,536930,29792041,Posted: 8 February,all,Kaas272,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░
,Not Recommended,536930,30080900,Posted: 21 February,all,Pelona,"Click to play, hmm... tap to play?"
76561198145256490,Recommended,536930,29737028,Posted: 6 February,all,PlatypuliciousTJ,"The gall of some people to write these negative reviews because it's ""under maintenance""...Clearly outlined by the developers that it's being ported to PC, and will thus put the game in maintenance because of the other updates coming out with it (which if you actually play the game you would know or perhaps you just refuse to read?). Some people are just inherently stupid.Anyways, it's amazing for a mobile game. You do, however, have to grind a little bit if you want to get anywhere in the game. I highly suggest it for use as a timekiller in the most casual sense, or you can go hardcore at it and try to be the best. Good luck catching up to me though ;)"
76561198085045446,Not Recommended,536930,29756028,Posted: 6 February,all,Hentie Dj,it would be nice to see this game my drivers crash during to download video.
,Recommended,536930,29769825,Posted: 7 February,all,twitch.tv/ra1nyayanami,"Сначала телефоны зависают, самсунги взрываютсяТеперь будут обогреваться дома и плавиться титаны, KJIACC"
,Recommended,536930,29798163,Posted: 9 February,all,KizXii,Connection Error.11/10 would retry to connect again.
,Not Recommended,536930,30176039,Posted: 25 February,all,Murf,Boring
,Recommended,536930,29788601,Posted: 8 February,all,DuenLight,After a bit of work i finally got it to work and i actually like it a lot. everything i love about the phone version and better
,Recommended,536930,30123914,Posted: 23 February,all,ChrisZ CSGOscampot.ru,its beautiful! 10/10
76561198203393812,Recommended,536930,29808228,Posted: 9 February,all,Nara,is good
,Recommended,536930,29786417,Posted: 8 February,all,banan1961,"Pros and cons, INCOMING! WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!+ good graphics+ good cutscenes+ nice story+ interesting voice acting- boring a$$ gameplay- disappointment after you realize that originally it was a mobile game- no exploration (screw that's it's a mobile game)Thanks."
,Not Recommended,536930,29845517,Posted: 11 February,all,GaZo\\,This is the most not user friendly game ever!!!Total garbage avoid at all costs!!!
76561198020690085,Not Recommended,536930,29940491,Posted: 15 February,all,Kritikas,"1 weak was ok to play,game just crash cant play"
76561198199575894,Recommended,536930,29756286,Posted: 6 February,all,MILK.TEA,"i got problem on thisevery time i play it it stop"" too many threads""need help pls"
,Not Recommended,536930,29888986,Posted: 12 February,all,garwryn,.... seriously?! been over a week since they said it's fixed and nope still ain't working ... fantastic ... *slow clap*
,Not Recommended,536930,29879127,Posted: 12 February,all,finnzone101plays,"I don't like it.It is a well built game good graphics,easy to run,and good animations.The issue with it is that it gets boring very fast."
76561198148581457,Recommended,536930,29940041,Posted: 15 February,all,Blood C,NICE
,Recommended,536930,29785922,Posted: 8 February,all,Candy Man(Laxxe),Click Click Click microtransaction Click Click
76561198114888518,Not Recommended,536930,30165631,Posted: 25 February,all,K.Y.L.O.R.E.N,connection error when downloading the game
,Recommended,536930,29756563,Posted: 6 February,all,ChrisIsWellCool,"Mobius Final Fantasy is fun, but boring. Troughout all my in-game time I had auto play on and just watched flashy stuff happen. It's viaually pleasing for those who just kinda want to lay back and watching something cool happen. MFF was, at first, a mobile exclusive Final Fantasy, and it really shows. For what it is, it's cool and it'll give most FF fans something to do for a few hours at most. But I can't imagine many people consistently logging on."
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,536930,29756020,Posted: 6 February,all,Mordeth Kai,"The developer set out to make a core game for the mobile market and only succeeded in showing just how limited mobile devices are. Then the game is plagued by the cancer of free to play, where the game starts to revolve around your wallet in a desperate attempt to milk more money than the game is worth. Lastly is the issue of censorship, the moral elite have once again forced developers into self censorship….First they came for the waifus, and no one cared because waifusThen they came for the husbandos and there was nobody there to defend the husbandos"
,Not Recommended,536930,29771430,Posted: 7 February,all,Chibz 🐾,"I ''played'' the Game for ~25 Mins.I thought ''A free Final Fantasy... Can't be any good'' and I was partwise right.I'm not quite sure why would I play a Game where I can't walk around nor chose my Character in any Way.All I did was fighting (while I didn't even rlly know how that part worked) and opening Treasures.Also, the first Thing you see is: ''Buy this and that''.Idk when SE became so greedy, but it's quite lame.Anyway, a Nono from me.But try out for yourself, it's free."
,Not Recommended,536930,29749505,Posted: 6 February,all,Killua,"The game itself can be enjoyable if you don't expect to have access to everything other players can get.In our version, legendary classes cost 75$ each to obtain during their limited-time event, and you can't even use their premium currency to get them, making that currency practically worthless unless you like wasting money on rng gachas, which you can just farm the ability cards yourself."
,Not Recommended,536930,29764830,Posted: 7 February,all,KevieJS,mobile game and should of stayed there. -
,Not Recommended,536930,29874819,Posted: 12 February,all,Crax,"This game is pretty decent but i simply can't recommend something that i don't find very fun to play.Graphics look good, animations are good but it gets boring really fast."
,Not Recommended,536930,29808485,Posted: 9 February,all,Kelem,As empty as most of the mobile games. It's just not fit to be a PC game.
,Not Recommended,536930,29996857,Posted: 17 February,all,Crulix,"If you got stuck on Korean server and switched. You lost everything with no refunds. Contacting them directly won't solve the issue. If this doesn't apply to you, ignore. However, it shows what your supporting."
76561198166109585,Not Recommended,536930,30017822,Posted: 18 February,all,Burinir,"It was not a game, you just pressed auto and it did everything. you couldnt walk or choose what to do.sorry but that is not a rpg!"
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,536930,30000545,Posted: 17 February,all,FudoAkira,I couldn't tolerate the tutorial. Seems like a game that should have stayed on phones for how poor the K/M interface is.
76561198022381480,Not Recommended,536930,30060990,Posted: 20 February,all,Darkwarrior,Boring and repetitive
76561198053167360,Not Recommended,536930,29756880,Posted: 6 February,all,Saica-Fox,after uninstalling Cant install now missing file privalges for the game... to bad its unplayable
76561198233438436,Recommended,536930,30130562,Posted: 23 February,all,BuadaM,good
76561198158693570,Not Recommended,536930,30100610,Posted: 22 February,all,Crack kids,got bored insted
76561198174179849,Not Recommended,536930,30014878,Posted: 18 February,all,NorthSideVersace,Great graphical design amzing story but gets boring from just clicking.
76561198175802267,Not Recommended,536930,30103543,Posted: 22 February,all,TinyKay,"this game only entertained me for a whole 5 mins why....its simple it is NOT a rpg like they say it is...there is no real adventure within this game, and no way to change the character from male to female...and well, i am not a fan of the card system either..."
,Not Recommended,536930,30060366,Posted: 20 February,all,Belldandy,There is a bug for me where my mouse keeps moving to the top right of my screen and stays there 10/10
,Recommended,536930,29742805,Posted: 6 February,all,littlewood,STRONGLY RECOMMEND
76561198119668892,Not Recommended,536930,30235040,Posted: 27 February,all,Dark Emperor,"woke up one morning all my saves gone and the hours I spent on this game gone , but its still a fun game"
76561198072264452,Not Recommended,536930,29850741,Posted: 11 February,all,[PDL]Pluggit,"Connection error (number whatever), please find a more stable connection.Over... and over... and over... and over...When I played this on mobile it seemed fun, but won't recommend this if it can't even work."
,Not Recommended,536930,29847516,Posted: 11 February,all,Titan,"+ Combat system is very simple,- or you use auto combat and do nothing at all.+ good Graphics good soundtracs- - - - the cash shop is a bad joke+ there are massages about your playtime every 2 hrs for little breaks- the main char lokks like a warm brother o.o ( no armores aren't like full plates by the Knight Job xD)"
76561198071964887,Recommended,536930,29749826,Posted: 6 February,all,BACON HUNTER,just for 60 fps and 4k support
76561198062056495,Recommended,536930,29801532,Posted: 9 February,all,頑張れ!.,"it's a good game, but lack of update.Please release the update soon"
76561198150243379,Recommended,536930,29784879,Posted: 8 February,all,Akairyuu2,"CAN'T FINISH DOWNLOADING GAME. I DOWNLOADED IT AND IT WASN'T WORKING SO I UNINSTALLED AND TRIED TO REINSTALL BUT GAME WILL NOT FINISH THE DOWNLOAD. PLEASE ANY HELP OR SUGESTIONS TO FIX THIS IF THIS IS JUST ME HAVING THIS ISSUE, OR PLEASE LOOK INTO THIS ISSUE IF OTHERS ARE HAVING THE SAME PROBLEM."
76561198105525012,Recommended,536930,29776803,Posted: 7 February,all,Hands-olo ®,i don´t have sound at all !!!any way i love ff games
76561198271229404,Recommended,536930,29955275,Posted: 15 February,all,_DzY_,"Best Game!just got 1 problem, some times in multiplayer mode i cant use Phoenix Down, i hope the developers would notice it! but all in all its a great game."
76561198007613233,Recommended,536930,29955012,Posted: 15 February,all,Maettsy,"great game, have played this on my phone for the last several monthscheck reddit"
,Not Recommended,536930,29775872,Posted: 7 February,all,アイス Daemon 凸(¬‿¬)凸,seems like a tablet port too pc with new textures..follows ff combati owuld passhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/39210/just get 14.. your better off.. unlesss youir potatoe.. needs.. too be replaced then just get a moblie
76561198285147823,Recommended,536930,29765571,Posted: 7 February,all,Blood Raven,can't get the game to run saying its missing some file plz fix
76561198029347722,Recommended,536930,29754278,Posted: 6 February,all,Spite,YAY!
76561197991206366,Recommended,536930,29883458,Posted: 12 February,all,Xxamiss,"FF 15, when?"
,Not Recommended,536930,29915723,Posted: 13 February,all,Phallic Baldwin,this is a 100% linear barely interactive shitpile that plays itself. widest possible berth.
76561198037737336,Not Recommended,536930,29772887,Posted: 7 February,all,Stodanko,This game would be a lot better if they removed that Facebook stamina crap from it. no i dont want to wait a day then only play for about 40 minutes only to wait another day to play
,Recommended,536930,29759158,Posted: 7 February,all,Monterossa,"It feels like a true Final Fantasy game. Very stylish world and art direction. The soundtracks are awesome, and sound like Final Fantasy music.The turn-based battle can be fast paced depend on how you play it.Motomu Toriyama nailed it again. He always make good Final Fantasy games that feel like a real FF game."
76561198052294203,Not Recommended,536930,30018049,Posted: 18 February,all,Limington,Not a fan of this type of game as said before very boring being pull around like a puppet. Games should be easy to understand and let the player get on to the action from the start why teach hard mechanics at the begining of a game of game. I found information to be overloading and I quickly loss interest.
76561198256567804,Not Recommended,536930,30076283,Posted: 21 February,all,Driftarin,"this was very poorly made, graphics are perfect though."
,Recommended,536930,29740500,Posted: 6 February,all,DeNightmare161,thumbing up this game just to counter impatient babies who smash the dislike button
,Not Recommended,536930,29750167,Posted: 6 February,all,BD_Fire,"After repeated attempts to do the in-game download, I finally got the chance to play... The UI still feels like it's ment to be played with a touchscreen. Playing with the mouse was bad and using a controller was even worse.Deleted... 0/10"
,Recommended,536930,29736495,Posted: 5 February,all,RemixSurf,At least its a free final fantasy game plus it could be worse than a port of an app
76561198102256165,Not Recommended,536930,30048707,Posted: 19 February,all,war_pillow,so i love final fantasy games so it hurts me to say this but its like a 3d clicker game.
,Recommended,536930,29967476,Posted: 16 February,all,copywelll,Awsome game :)
76561198046999367,Not Recommended,536930,29813112,Posted: 9 February,all,Led,this isn't even my final fantasy.
,Not Recommended,536930,29849667,Posted: 11 February,all,Kuryu,bad port...i cant sync my mobile save data to steam version
,Not Recommended,536930,29796415,Posted: 8 February,all,Wrecks,"Paywall?  What paywall?Ok, ignoring the hundreds of dollars you'd need to hemorrage for a random chance at getting a legend job card...And the equivelant money you'd need to spend regular to contend in the upper tiers of tower...Fine, fine, I'll talk about something else.Let's talk about the horrendous voice acting that sounds like it was done by a bunch of high school students.  Or the♥♥♥♥♥♥tier story, or the princess who is essentially a bored teen who learned all she needed about life from a young adult fiction book...Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ anything that isn't an actual character model looks like garbage...I'll stick to playing this on my phone, that way I can hide from how bad it looks, and just do a couple missions here and there while I take a♥♥♥♥♥♥that has more definition than this game.Don't waste your time, money, SSD write cycles, on this terribad port.... why is it prompting me to skip cutscenes to save battery?  And everything still says ""Tap to start""... they didn't even make a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt to convert anything for their cash grab.The Squaresoft side of SquareEnix has become a miserable load of crap.  Too bad they are holding Enix back from making another awesome Dragon Quest game."
76561198068923107,Recommended,536930,29764020,Posted: 7 February,all,davidwillbedunn,AVG is picking up a Win32/Herz.A virus with one of the files. Can anyone confirm that it's actually safe?
,Not Recommended,536930,29795716,Posted: 8 February,all,Techman Gaming Network,"The lazyness in this port is staggering.  They literally left in things like the message that states you can click to turn off the display to save battery power, while it downloads the rest of the game.   Really?  This is a PC port of a mobile game, the key world being ""port"".  No one is looking to save battery power while they play this game.  Also, as other people have already stated, this game uses the typical ""Free to play"" mobile stamina system, which heavily restricts how much you can play this game in one day.  This is a typical BS Pay to Win mobile game, in it's original mobile form, now running on your PC.  Stay far, far away from this crap."
76561197973052125,Not Recommended,536930,30002301,Posted: 17 February,all,Lord Dyran,"It's fairly pretty, but it feels like a mobile game."
76561198273005496,Not Recommended,536930,29980689,Posted: 17 February,all,Zero,Not open world. Just point and click fighting with storyline. Main option screen feels like your on a social network / store page instead of normal FF UI's.
,Not Recommended,536930,29804639,Posted: 9 February,all,Saltychip,Pros:* Looks nice* decent time killerCons:*Boring*RepetitiveSeems like something you play while waiting for an appointment/ in the bathroom/ or on a train/airplane type waiting.
76561198111237464,Not Recommended,536930,29873035,Posted: 12 February,all,SayCheeSe,mobile game to pc...erm..
,Not Recommended,536930,29814400,Posted: 9 February,all,itsNinjaToast,"Its so good, it will make you sleepyNow, i love this game but, dont get me wrong, but i feel like this is a straight up copy of both Final Fantasy Dissidia and Final Fantasy Crisis Core, i mean, notice the fanfare when you win a match, its the same used on Dissidia, even certain game mechanics.The menu and letter format are the same used on Crisis Core, the combat (ignoring the fact he cant move AKA non-active combat) seems similar too, but somehow still lovable.The main character's voice is like Justin Bieber's songs,TERRIBLE, but somehow kinda fits, i dunno how to explain that without insulting a person i have no quarrels with, and the game throws useless tutorials but forgets the most important of them all, how to return to a certain area, without having to fight your way through enemies again, also known as Teleport, it just tells you you can TP, simple right!?This game in my opinion is god awfull, butif you ask me why i play it, even to the point of add it on my favorites, i can only tell you that, just like GOD, people work mysterious ways, maybe that FF7 episode in-game called my attention, seeying that im a fan-boy of FF7.And talk about FF7, some of the scenes you encounter on Midgar Episode in-game, are to be spoilers of the remake.All and all, terrible game, yet it glues you to the screen for some weird reason."
76561198096808194,Not Recommended,536930,29757636,Posted: 7 February,all,⋠Ĝ๏ą✞⋡'ƦэŁĨq.,"Had to jump through numerous hoops to get the game working. It now works only if i disable AVG.The mandatory game update takes hours, probably cause im downloading it from an Asian server.One of the worst steam releases ever and a disgrace to the Final Fantasy franchise.Already an hour in and haven't played 1 second.EDIT : Now that i completed the tutorial i can safely say that the story is bland, the protagonist is bland and the gameplay is bland.I guess its okay for a mobile game, but if you are expecting an actual final fantasy game then u will be dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,536930,29766130,Posted: 7 February,all,wolVenom,"Doesn't download the game through steam but instead downloads the large majority in app, which was also broken for over a day. Also the game starts without giving you a chance to go to opions first.Basicly you'll probably get tired of this game before getting to the gameplay."
76561198045547441,Not Recommended,536930,29988325,Posted: 17 February,all,Tschakah,PC vs App Comparison:Clearlynot recommended as a pc gamecause it is most likely a bad emulation of the global version app!In fact i had more trouble getting this to run with windows than the app on my android-sp. The controls are touch = click so its not really intuitive for pc users and you can´t zoom maps with a mouse like you can with multitouch in the app. (missing scrollzoom)The graphics are surely improved but on the pc market there are so many games with much more deep content to really waste your time here especially if you can download the app and have a better handling on your phone.Also one of the biggest problems is that this pc release didn´t reroll events so that you missed opportunities to get event cards and a bunch of materials if you start the series with the pc version!Game rating:Pro:- Final Fantasy Franchise- Good Soundtrack- 2 Difficulty Modes- Regulary and well timed Events (cause game state is behind japanese version - might change)Cons:- Gatcha (getting random cards in exchange for ingame currency)The game is pure singleplayer most of the time and the difficulty is not hard. Thats why its not necessary to have all the best cards in this game. Anyway if you want to keep up in tower events (witch is trying to get the highest lvl ranking vs other players) or want to collect all the cards you are kinda forced to buy ingame currency and waste your money in trying to get the newest cards.There are jobs/classes you can just get by spending cash on ingame currency (legendary jobs) or cards you can get earlier by trying your luck in the gatcha and event cards that you can only get by trying your luck while the specific event is going on. All this is made to lure you into spending huge loads of money and nothing else!They clearly missed the point in nowadays business models like offering alternative skins/costumes for cash and just did what asian low budget games do - gatcha gatcha ring money ring - thats disappointing for a game under the square enix brand imhoUndecided (depends on your personal preferences):- Simple combat that you can automate- Story (final fantasy characters vs boring princess -  hero - save the world)- No real PvPI recommend playing the app version if you are convinced by the pro facts and have no problems with the other stuff.
,Not Recommended,536930,29809803,Posted: 9 February,all,MegaGame,"has some good sides, but the grind from mobil f2p games is still there.also the AI seem to be way better at the game then me when I let it autobattle."
76561197960956246,Not Recommended,536930,29795310,Posted: 8 February,all,SUPER Ad Blocker ULTRA,"Unity game engine shows good performance so long as you don't look at anything other than character and monster models, but ultimately lacks execution. The main character will jump and jitter at awkward spots in cutscenes and battles, a staple of Squarenix ""excellence."" The storyline and the free to play model are both to die for, as in they make you want to kill yourself and the combat system simplifies the already-simple Final Fantasy gameplay. No party, no selecting what monster to attack first. And don't forget the horrifically-ugly A Realm Reborn assets.If you want a real Final Fantasy experience go back and play the classics if you haven't already. Otherwise there's plenty of other choices when it comes to RPGs. Yes, even ones you can play on the go."
,Not Recommended,536930,29762568,Posted: 7 February,all,PhantasmKun,"same like mobile so stingy about cristal, must buy cristal for draw? really?or maybe better wait for cristal charge? better I play JP server than international, JP can get cristal at any stage"
76561198305094396,Not Recommended,536930,29820292,Posted: 10 February,all,SnEnKy Kitty,wont startup
,Not Recommended,536930,29756009,Posted: 6 February,all,Aillemac,"Trash port of a trash mobile game. Pay-to-win at it's finest. Good job square-enix. FFXV was terrible and so is this, you people lost touch."
,Not Recommended,536930,29994465,Posted: 17 February,all,arbitr,"Game offered me a  choice of DirectX and OpenGL. Unfortunately, it didn't start in neither environment.03/19/17: After recent update game started on my computer. Started to play, but game was kind of boring. May be will try again some day."
,Not Recommended,536930,29915060,Posted: 13 February,all,HyperDreamer,"The game has FANTASTIC graphics quality. However it is wasted on a clicking game!! Only pointing you ever have to do is click OK or Cancle or adjusting your settings. The Level of graphics is wasted on this game!! Yje only reason you should download it is so you can look at the graphics. I am not a HUGE FF fan, however I do feel this game is an INSULT to the game's franchise. This to me does not feel like a true final fantasy game. Square enix dropped the ball again.(I am very well aware of the FFXIV fiasco.)"
76561198136419597,Not Recommended,536930,29987276,Posted: 17 February,all,"¡¡¡°☛buy ur own wards, idiot!","Most Noteworthy Feature:The graphics is too beautiful that it literally hurt my eyes. Yes, I got eye strain after hours of staring into the gorgeous visuals of this game.Downside:The ""Auto-battle"" is so effective which makes this game boring and the players lazy. If you're looking for a ""traditonal JRPG Final Fantasy"" game, this is not it."
,Recommended,536930,29737861,Posted: 6 February,all,LittleMoss,Download and Play
,Recommended,536930,29777285,Posted: 8 February,all,A i M E R,another cancer with gacha
,Not Recommended,536930,30114245,Posted: 22 February,all,knugles,"Just as boring as the mobile version, don't bother."
76561198133198764,Not Recommended,536930,29910085,Posted: 13 February,all,[CC]funkiller,The internet connection I have won't let me even play this game the time it takes is forever to download not happy uninstalling the game.
,Not Recommended,536930,29881162,Posted: 12 February,all,WGFHJ4FWJ682,Vomitif.
,Not Recommended,536930,29970759,Posted: 16 February,all,アルサイレウーズ,"Was sent to the Korean server thanks to a blunder on Square's part and I can't even transfer my data.I cannot recommend a game that does this to their own players and not give any reimbursement in return.This game otherwise decent, nothing makes it special. It is after all just a PC port of a mobile game.The story is less than intrigueing and seems loose at some points with little to no effort at some parts a given example is the arena. And even though this was ported to the PC the graphics are ok at best, but there was nothing done to make the background and scenery better, it seems as if they just worked on character models and left everything else as is.There are although a few things I like about the game, such as the job system. There are multiple jobs to choose from albeit most of the good ones are available through summons only, though that shouldn't stop you since the first three basic jobs gives you a chance to try the most basic of the current released classes if unlocked. There are also a many amount of cards to collect from as well as weapons to upgrade. The events also seem to keep the game interesting enough to keep on playing and as well as the multiplayer limited as it may be (Only being able to choose a few quests to fight a boss with others)Though the game is absolutely worth a try, I cannot actually recommend it to somebody due to lack of support from Square especially since of the Korean server issue."
,Not Recommended,536930,29916076,Posted: 13 February,all,WTS>Life,Cant connect to serversEverything else good
76561198046180290,Not Recommended,536930,29931030,Posted: 14 February,all,touchofobscurity,Game still won't transfer my save from mobile. :\
,Not Recommended,536930,29749171,Posted: 6 February,all,JinxTheWolfSaber,Terrible honestly. Not multi player at all. You cant choose a character. Auto play the entire thing its like watching a short film that you can just speed through. Would have so much potential if it was open world and you could choose your character.Do us a favor and look to Tera for advice.
76561198136630593,Not Recommended,536930,29792446,Posted: 8 February,all,Sensei Spongebob,This game ruined my other games*Cough* The game is laggy for some reason even though my computer is good and somehow by playing it the other games I have downloaded are messed up *Cough*
76561198101994379,Recommended,536930,29954290,Posted: 15 February,all,Marverick,Very nice
76561198026696406,Not Recommended,536930,29754027,Posted: 6 February,all,Macabre Mage,"Just wanna say - GOOD JOB, Squeenix and Valve.You put out a game that doesn't even START. It doesn't work ON YOUR LAUNCH DAY.Did nobody do any quality checking?"
76561198200241835,Not Recommended,536930,29803817,Posted: 9 February,all,Kayiin,"It's a mobile game, and it feels like one. I presume the target consumer has no more compelling games to play. It's pretty though, for what it is."
,Not Recommended,536930,29972264,Posted: 16 February,all,EmberCult,"Found the game really boring, nothing special at all. Afterall its just a moblie game ported on pc"
76561198241624728,Not Recommended,536930,29851244,Posted: 11 February,all,i wanna die,"I dont like this, as this is a full port of the mobile game as there is no effort put into this game and It doesn't even feel like a PC game at all, they didn't even bother changing the enterance of the game when it says ""Tap to play"" like this shows that they didnt even do anything, they just ported it to PC with no changes, but other than that it is good, The graphics are amazing, the combat is alright, and im not really fond of the story as it feels really repetitive, this is good for like laptop gaming or casual gaming, but I don't reccomend putting most of your time into this game"
,Not Recommended,536930,29958540,Posted: 16 February,all,SynqGamingYT,Graphics are nice but looks like its very limited. I feel like this game belongs (if its not already there) on phones or tablets not on a pc!
76561198176432431,Not Recommended,536930,29772733,Posted: 7 February,all,diggernick,"Particularly boring, and extremely grindy. the gameplay is the generic turn-based attacks with deck building. seen this plenty of times before, its a generic mobile game with a paint coat of Final Fantasy. there's numbers splattered all over the screen and the menus to make you feel like you're making progress, exp, elemental seeds, magicite, et c. Gil is worthless, got 10 million as a starting gift. you could say the real money of the game is Magicite.truly a mobile game, and that's where it should have stayed. really the only thing it has going for it is the Franchise name of Final Fantasy. particularly i do not recommend this game, though i understand some few niche people might enjoy it."
76561197995292116,Not Recommended,536930,29747309,Posted: 6 February,all,Karl,"I've been playing the iPhone version since it was released and have enjoyed it.  Unfortunately this half-baked PC port is unplayable.  When you launch the game, it says an update is available and asks you to update, and then the game crashes.  Have reinstalled it and verified game cache, tried both DX11 and OpenGL, can't be fixed... I'll change this review after the game is repaired."
76561198017473482,Not Recommended,536930,29809028,Posted: 9 February,all,Lorefire,12:00 Installed the game.12:10 Got incredibly bored with the tutorial12:11 Deleted the game14:00 Decided to try the game again14:05 Got bored with tutorial14.10 Can't skip tutorial14:11 Wanted to check out  the menus. Can only click where tutorial wants me to.14:12 Gave it a chance14:15 shop tutorial number 900014:16 got cancer14:18 dieded
,Not Recommended,536930,29795995,Posted: 8 February,all,stevenonce,"We have to download once we download? If I wanted to play the mobile game, I would..."
,Not Recommended,536930,29821582,Posted: 10 February,all,usedtobereal,boring
76561198122313044,Not Recommended,536930,29812963,Posted: 9 February,all,YourNeighborTotoro,-More confused after tutorial than before.-Cluster♥♥♥♥ of mechanics that don't make sense.-Cringe dialogue that used words without actually saying anything to the player.-Confusing user interface that doesn't even fit the screen.-No control outside of monster battles.-Free to play but wasted my time.
76561198044599987,Not Recommended,536930,30062942,Posted: 20 February,all,Armalius,AWESOMEI didn't know that you could play a mobile game on steam !At least the price is well placed.saussage/20 would buy again
76561197999955764,Not Recommended,536930,29906921,Posted: 13 February,all,HunterAnubis,left click sim for at least first 45 mins... if you dont like clicking just set autocombat and return every now and then so you are not stuck in a menubasicly game plays itself
,Not Recommended,536930,29757276,Posted: 7 February,all,Dr. Slut Slutington MD,Yo this game is asz cheeks my guy. Played better games on a damn PSP
,Not Recommended,536930,29768634,Posted: 7 February,all,Stray 嵐狼,"Keep an eye on the news for this game, right now you need to do an annoying work around to be able to use File Sharing aka importing your save from mobile to Steam version, if you are new you can just start new but if you been playing for a while it's annoying especially since SE doesn't seem to care about people having this issue as they haven't even said anything about it or recogonize that it's an issue but they do care about Korean servers not being able to connect to the server and probably not be able to share files"
76561198114866598,Not Recommended,536930,30112657,Posted: 22 February,all,サンディ ックタビアナ,"why this keep crashing all the time, wtf square enix??"
76561198085030171,Not Recommended,536930,29842473,Posted: 11 February,all,kagaru_nguyen,I wish when the game is updating there is a mute option so i can do other stuff while waiting
76561198095369310,Not Recommended,536930,29971689,Posted: 16 February,all,Jozzan,the game wouldn't download. Had a look online and from the looks of it you need to babysit the game so that every time you get the error code 38 you need to click and hold the top boarder for a few seconds. Sorry but this is a silly way to install the game
,Not Recommended,536930,29776695,Posted: 7 February,all,Gnikrutuf,"It's a mobile game; strange combat, to much ugly effects and overkill menus easy to get lost in."
,Not Recommended,536930,29959840,Posted: 16 February,all,Mara,"Just doesn't work, all listed playtime is patching and waiting for it to fail loading.Guess I won't play this then.EDIT: Oh hey, I got in this time. The loading times are absolutely atrocious though. With 20 second portions of gameplay being interrupted by whole minutes of vaguely communicated loading / connecting."
76561198364281403,Not Recommended,536930,29973615,Posted: 16 February,all,DolbyDigital,"It spent over 3 hours updating (even though I'd literally just installed it, so I don't know why) only for me to realise that as I can't play in full screen mode the task bar covers the bottom part of the screen, meaning I can't complete the first task of the tutorial let alone actually play the game."
,Not Recommended,536930,29939991,Posted: 15 February,all,Jão,A masterpiece but: PAY 2 WIN
,Not Recommended,536930,30055135,Posted: 20 February,all,ImflippinDawippin,FINAL ♥♥♥♥ UP™
76561198032354354,Not Recommended,536930,29749457,Posted: 6 February,all,vampiricpulse,"I currently play this on my Android, really enjoy it, and was excited to try it on Steam/full screen. I managed to fix the 'update' problem, but now it won't take the one time password no matter what. I will change my review when that's fixed."
,Recommended,536930,29948427,Posted: 15 February,all,spectralyuke,Good Port 5/7
76561198041808976,Not Recommended,536930,30009426,Posted: 18 February,all,Deadstar,"The game is fun, till you reach chapter 2 and realize that you have to spend money to get the high ranked ability cards and  phoenix downs you need to survive the fights. -.-"
76561198039399209,Not Recommended,536930,29772083,Posted: 7 February,all,Raserei,"Unfortunately, the game is very clunky and wasn't too fun for me. Soda Dungeon came out around the same time as this and I am enjoying Soda Dungeon a lot more.This Final Fantasy game has stamina which ran out after grinding a level for gil. I only had 4 elixirs to refill the stamina so it seemed like if I really wanted to grind a level, I would eventully run out of stamina.Another issue was the way the cash shop worked with the game. You can only get 4 star and 5 star cards by paying money. Any paywall for loot in games is a huge mistake."
,Not Recommended,536930,30017067,Posted: 18 February,all,calvin,So I can click randomly and slash things without the controls ever being explained? Or I can just put it on auto and just click through dialogue windows after fights? No thanks.
,Not Recommended,536930,30030299,Posted: 19 February,all,Xương Rồng Bắc Âu,Boringgggggggggg
76561198043289933,Not Recommended,536930,29760762,Posted: 7 February,all,strmsrter,I'm not sure why it stays in window mode for me but definitly not optimized for a larger screen.
76561198109059383,Recommended,536930,29806488,Posted: 9 February,all,Dorix,"Cool, Cool."
,Not Recommended,536930,29784400,Posted: 8 February,all,Kadon Alastyre,Click to win Card game.#NotReallyAnRPG
,Not Recommended,536930,29871282,Posted: 12 February,all,i love ass,"bad gameplay, android rpg games is better than this ff mobius"
76561198007489765,Not Recommended,536930,29787503,Posted: 8 February,all,Luke,Loved it until the Soldier 1st scam.
76561198022212486,Not Recommended,536930,29858435,Posted: 11 February,all,Elias Mamalakis,"If you love long introductory cutscenes, you'll love this. If you enjoy actually playing, you will not."
76561198178617063,Not Recommended,536930,29838737,Posted: 10 February,all,SamPs2,"garbage mobile game import. horrible controls, it's a chore to play with a mouse and keyboard. and Just like a mobile game it's a time-wasting kind of game vs actully fun game IMO."
,Not Recommended,536930,29766010,Posted: 7 February,all,Robot Vegetable,GAwwwwwdd nope
,Not Recommended,536930,29833379,Posted: 10 February,all,Ryong,"""port""."
76561198091365385,Not Recommended,536930,29828212,Posted: 10 February,all,Kaosu Jikan,"Quit the game and it refuses to open right! Like, it'll show the messages for ""You can access steam with these buttons"" as well as ""Your friends can watch your broadcast at anytime"" but then when they go down, I see a trail of boxes going down the screen too and the screen will stay black. Possibly fix this because I don't like to think I have to constantly uninstall and reinstall just to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥to work."
,Not Recommended,536930,29791067,Posted: 8 February,all,ChaoticIndecision,"Having spent an eh amount of time on this game for mobile I figured ""Eh it's free might as well see if they've changed it for pc"" but it's just the same. You can polish a turd but it's still a turd. Don't get me wrong it's a very polished mobile game, looks pretty and makes you go ""ooooooooh!"" but it's still just a bloody mobile game."
76561198066232946,Not Recommended,536930,29857552,Posted: 11 February,all,Yashua,"I just did 4 X greater summon X 6 abilety and i got only crap maily cause there is 2 new element who make you draw a lot of card you dont need or cant use. New element ruined this game in my opinion, im stoping to play today after my 4Xgreater summun cause this game is bad, i finished the story and it was soso, you wont miss anything if you pass on this gamestamina system like many other game ruin it for me cause you cant play more than 3-4 hours a day or you run out of stamina rly fast and cannot even play :( i wont recommend only cause of that."
,Not Recommended,536930,29755032,Posted: 6 February,all,Sulsulbisul,Too many issues to give the thumbs up
,Not Recommended,536930,29752717,Posted: 6 February,all,CeScO85 ™,MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY™: The Clones War™Garbage
,Not Recommended,536930,29781525,Posted: 8 February,all,Kylie Digital,"Downloading a game within a game. 500 sinsNo option to start the long intro with otherworldly god like voice when downloading the other game? 20 sinsBroken servers at launch and continue to have server issues? Check 50 sins.If you play the mobile version keep playing that, do not play the steam version just No."
76561198087935483,Not Recommended,536930,29776685,Posted: 7 February,all,バルキリー,"This game feels like Phone app game, leas't they could had improve it a bit knowing they put on PC, and not much say better off with good old classic Final Fantasy series."
76561198035095092,Not Recommended,536930,29789422,Posted: 8 February,all,SpartanFerret,horrible mobile port cash grab
,Not Recommended,536930,29835080,Posted: 10 February,all,Thwap,"I expected more from it, overall i got bored with it, without even completing the tutorials"
76561198031400739,Not Recommended,536930,30043326,Posted: 19 February,all,machiavelli1532,"I've been running this game a lot in the background while I watch shows, work on my DnD game, etc. Today, after 2 hours and with a full stamina guage, the game told me take a break. I ignored it, but it forced me to quite. Really? The game can dictate if I get to play it or not? With full stamina? That is a load of crap."
76561197971518374,Not Recommended,536930,29806147,Posted: 9 February,all,Rikku,mobile game with a bad instalation for pc also gets read as having a virus needs alot of fixing
,Not Recommended,536930,29932911,Posted: 14 February,all,Nirvash,"boring, Absolutely boring.Was around 20-30 minutes into the TUTORIAL alone which is just constant -click exactly what I tell you to-and if it wasnt foodspooning enough, They even have an autobattle option, Not autoattack, but autobattle, where you just click it and it will take care of healing, summoning, attacking, changing elements, everything.Save some money and buy FFXIV instead of wasting your time on this ""you get what you pay for"" free game."
,Not Recommended,536930,29932650,Posted: 14 February,all,Th3-Chronikk,"mobile game ported over, sucks"
,Not Recommended,536930,29771915,Posted: 7 February,all,Auto -25,i cant link my current game to this steam version. so♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,536930,29748894,Posted: 6 February,all,DaavPuke,I like my games actually functional. Call me old-fashioned.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IicD_P-mF3w
76561198029524699,Not Recommended,536930,29797613,Posted: 9 February,all,Mighty Maenzel,"SHT IS DESTROYING VIDEOGAMES!Please do not support HORRIBLE games from the fcked up mobile appstore players & steam!The graphics are horrible, the gameplay is repetitive as sht, thats why they even added an auto battle function and the P2W is a HUGE thing, as these games are just designed to milk and cashgrab as much money as possible out of their playerbase.We got quality games, we also love to support the developers of those, but we don't want to be taken for a fool!Please, stay away as far as you can from games like this."
,Not Recommended,536930,29749715,Posted: 6 February,all,Lordalt,the game seems not finished for PC yet-can't update the game-no fullscreen. seriously a pc game with no fullscreen option?-connecting loop after tutorial
76561198055944058,Not Recommended,536930,29928275,Posted: 14 February,all,Bee Junior,Cheap in content
76561198255525938,Not Recommended,536930,29960956,Posted: 16 February,all,Vihtahousu,usuall free to play pay to win.. 2 star enemies wipe me up in seconds. i wonder how those 5star enemies are gonna go down...dont waste ur time if u dont have ton of time to grind not just days but months for those better gards or just buy em with really beastly price.
76561198059119906,Not Recommended,536930,29800142,Posted: 9 February,all,Shovelface1,Another P2W from Square Enix? No surprises here.
,Not Recommended,536930,29927730,Posted: 14 February,all,StarLordMan,Uninstalling now... It's just a mess... The Graphics are mobile I understand... The Loading times are a nightmare. My Playstation 1 legit loads faster... Avoid at all costs.
76561198354213747,Not Recommended,536930,29776145,Posted: 7 February,all,NIIGMA,Bad. Just really really bad pay to win game.
,Not Recommended,536930,29928754,Posted: 14 February,all,Pyhis Pahis,You haven't played any ff games if you think this is good. Made a mistake by downloading it
76561198046347255,Not Recommended,536930,29776053,Posted: 7 February,all,mjy316,DONT install this pos final final fantasy. this is WORST GAME EVER.
,Not Recommended,536930,29767274,Posted: 7 February,all,xgc1986,"tap to startno video configurationbad story, bad gameplayin conclusion, i know that the game is free, but square enix have to pay every user who is brave enough to download this joke. I envy console players because they have not the possibility to play this game,"
,Not Recommended,536930,29791650,Posted: 8 February,all,ShawnHopscotch,"Being a fan of all things Final Fantasy, I want to like this game and recommend it. However, today I  had my Antivirus issue this warning:Filename: assembly-csharp.dllThreat name: Trojan.Gen.8Full Path: c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\mobius final fantasy\mobiusff_data\managed\assembly-csharp.dll________________________________________________________On computers as of2/8/2017 at 6:41:52 PMLast Used2/8/2017 at 6:41:52 PMStartup ItemNoLaunchedNoThreat type: Heuristic Virus. Detection of a threat based on malware heuristics.____________________________assembly-csharp.dll Threat name: Trojan.Gen.8LocateVery Few UsersFewer than 5 users in the Norton Community have used this file.Very NewThis file was released less than 1 week  ago.HighThis file risk is high.____________________________Source: External Media____________________________File ActionsFile: c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\mobius final fantasy\mobiusff_data\managed\ assembly-csharp.dll Blocked____________________________Taking into consideration how the last ""bug"" redirected players to Korea, until this issue is fixed by either SquareEnix or by Steam, I strongly suggest avoiding this game. It is not secure."
,Not Recommended,536930,29746398,Posted: 6 February,all,G3ntle,"You guys didn't plan this release out very well, did you?"
,Not Recommended,536930,29772844,Posted: 7 February,all,Oscar_,Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,536930,29906525,Posted: 13 February,all,Bloofy,Can't make the game full screenConnection error even though l can play any other online game with no problem10/10 would bring a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile app to PC just for some easy money
76561198198208049,Not Recommended,536930,29755997,Posted: 6 February,all,✪鳳凰座ー輝wOw,korean game
76561198161832933,Not Recommended,536930,30063330,Posted: 20 February,all,yohenia1,every class male no female characters / repetitive gameplay/ repetitive monsters / bosses. everything much thesame. this is for male only gameplay.
76561198100390447,Not Recommended,536930,30026802,Posted: 18 February,all,Cerdix,internet issue. I cant connect. :/
,Not Recommended,536930,29948434,Posted: 15 February,all,Cookie,boring af
,Not Recommended,536930,29758693,Posted: 7 February,all,Ichigo Sensei ←~(Ψ▼ｰ▼),No chocobos :(
76561198028262189,Not Recommended,536930,29764045,Posted: 7 February,all,kaworu83,"How to exploit a beloved franchise:Simply take Final Fantasy, mix it with those crappy android card collect game, add a bunch of pay to win, bake for a couple of months and here you have MOBIUS."
76561198053462690,Not Recommended,536930,29860766,Posted: 11 February,all,Darblet,"Launched game, started downloading files. norton pop up showing files located in steam mobius folder as trojan files... no thanks."
76561198044304923,Not Recommended,536930,29961794,Posted: 16 February,all,**JOE708**,0/10   cant play    error code 10   ..... fix your  bugs
,Not Recommended,536930,29747635,Posted: 6 February,all,Lunatitch,"Does not work at all (hasn't since release), keeps asking for an update (there's no way to update it on Steam) and shutting down/crashing.Whilst it wasn't working, I did some more digging and found out it's pretty much pay2win (can't do 'Legendary' without paying substantial amounts).I'd avoid it like the plague.Update: the servers are now ""up"". Good luck using the save from you phone though, that doesn't work :D"
76561197993555482,Not Recommended,536930,29773294,Posted: 7 February,all,Zerohour,Just a mobile game.
,Not Recommended,536930,29752845,Posted: 6 February,all,Yung Daddy,Square what are you doing... come one.
76561198172614019,Not Recommended,536930,29747956,Posted: 6 February,all,Silverbells,A New version is available.Please update your game.
,Not Recommended,536930,30048362,Posted: 19 February,all,SoggyCow ✅,"Uninstalled this♥♥♥♥♥♥before I could play it. Annoying idiot story is being told really loud, with stupid music playing of which I cannot mute while I'm watching youtube or whatever. 3Gb update and whole time they expect me to listen to this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ music for 2 hours. Won't even try this game, totally bad I can tell."
,Not Recommended,536930,29898673,Posted: 13 February,all,ShinyaWong21,"Always need to reinstall, every single time when you play."
76561197967876248,Not Recommended,536930,29774004,Posted: 7 February,all,Alexsrt10,Yea this game is one of thoes games that play themselves and is really only ment to be played while takeing a♥♥♥♥♥♥its boring like most phone games and lazy development so yea thats my two cents
,Not Recommended,536930,29744215,Posted: 6 February,all,llllShaDoWllll,A New version is available.Please update your game.
,Not Recommended,536930,29991955,Posted: 17 February,all,Shnoogz,Too many anime boys with spikey hair...
76561198147424012,Not Recommended,536930,29767789,Posted: 7 February,all,romanar16,nothing but endless battles nothing else thats boring as hell
76561198268639191,Not Recommended,536930,29911967,Posted: 13 February,all,coley420s,♥♥♥♥♥. but then again most ff games are♥♥♥♥♥♥these days with the crappy battle systems..
76561198080280143,Not Recommended,536930,29912708,Posted: 13 February,all,rharwell62,Can't be a female. Incredibly stupid and bad gameplay. Shouldn't have been ported over from mobile.
76561198006846915,Not Recommended,536930,29738564,Posted: 6 February,all,Nowai,"love the game but the most epic fail launch. passwords arnt linking, saying needs update to load even though there is no update such a fail company"
76561198366266824,Recommended,536930,29970625,Posted: 16 February,all,Gocuckurself,░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░ THIS IS BOB▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░ COPY AND PASTE HIM░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░ SO HE CAN TAKE░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░ OVER STEAM░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░ AND THAT WILL TELL VALVE░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░
,Not Recommended,536930,29738998,Posted: 6 February,all,Mortal_Indeed,"我選的是繁體中文,為什麼你給我的是他x的垃圾韓國狗屎文I pick Traditional chinese, why you gave me  fxxking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t koreanese"
,Not Recommended,536930,29767655,Posted: 7 February,all,Kreitox,"I don t understand why you guys  like this . Wow you win by pressing click 100 times ,damn skills.Not strategy ,not gameplay ,nothing is just another garbage clicker with story.P.S. I don t played any final fantasy game and from videos that i saw on youtube the only one that is cool is the online one (final fantasy 14)and 15.EDIT:nope i don t like 14 either (i played the demo)"
76561198146129341,Not Recommended,536930,29768762,Posted: 7 February,all,Infantyzip,"I'm sure this is a great game, I just can not bring myself to enjoy turn-based combat."
76561198055391790,Not Recommended,536930,29741197,Posted: 6 February,all,jimstar4u,so far cant play this as when i try to play it says error 9: cannot connect please use a more stable connection.
,Not Recommended,536930,29739557,Posted: 6 February,all,"✅Wigi Pratama~Buka Jam 09-21WIB""",2 bintang dulu deh kalo work saya tambahin.
,Not Recommended,536930,29738940,Posted: 6 February,all,Larania,"i thumbs down this just to counter positibe reviews, lel"
76561198267512215,Not Recommended,536930,29856486,Posted: 11 February,all,Diety of Dawn,"Stupid f.ucking cancer, anyone who plays this has full right to chug a gallon of bleach. Please remove this from steam or you will want to perform self mutilation all night long, You've been warned."
,Not Recommended,536930,29741122,Posted: 6 February,all,Farmskins.com upgrade.gg,"I hope what ever happened at launch on PC today will teach SE a lesson, because somehow they still managed to ♥♥♥♥ed it up!I don't know guys, it seems to me these japanese people are hard working peoples, but are in fact little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I really don't know how they managed to survive, or how do they sell games successfully, it is phenomenon!SE, I hope you guys learned something todayDO NOT ♥♥♥♥ WITH YOUR FANSDO NOT ♥♥♥♥ WITH PC MASTER RACEGit Gud SE,Git Gud---Edit----alright thank you so much for the feedback guys,do you want to know which part SE ♥♥♥♥ed up?here check this, they don't even know how the steam store works, LMAOhttps://steamdb.info/sub/130935/history/Such pathetic company---Edit 2---Also guys, UFO are real deal, the CIA newly declassified files are all online-viewable now, check them out or check the subreddit belowhttps://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs_Notebook/Can't wait to see skeptics shi-ting themselves"
76561197983609959,Not Recommended,536930,29768371,Posted: 7 February,all,sentient,standard final fantasy autism
,Not Recommended,536930,29771071,Posted: 7 February,all,CauseFactor,"WTF! A f*cking mobile port!? Will not support this, should not support this, don't even bother."
76561198236414404,Not Recommended,536930,30003451,Posted: 18 February,all,PizzaBasement,"This is an app converted to work with a pc. I didnt know at first and so I thought it was just the shitiest fukking game I've ever played in my life. Why the would anyone play this on the PC? A free to play, pay to win piece of crap. Spent 10 minutes. Cancer voice acting. Cheesy fukcball of a storyline. Every characters looks like they want to get fukked in the asss. I mean seriously. Its not even subliminal. Have fun slapping your puussy to this gay hentai trash squeezed out of a 2 year old gorrilas stretched arshole."
,Not Recommended,536930,29736574,Posted: 5 February,all,Chasd81,"Really SquareEnix........ you release a game thats not even playable.... The game is a great game as I have played it on both Apple and Android.... so was looking forward to playing it on PC. But of course since the minute its been released its under maintenance..... and why such a small download for the PC, im not wanting a game that has to stream from an online server, i do get the point of having to be online to play, but it even downloads the data on mobile devices....."
76561198051488432,Not Recommended,536930,29736566,Posted: 5 February,all,Noilid,it took me all of 1 minute to download and I can't even play due to the maintenance REEEEEEEEEEEE
,Not Recommended,536930,29736249,Posted: 5 February,all,Eamon2plz,"Publisher: *launch a major game*Publisher: *immediately perform server maintenance*MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY is currently undergoing maintenance. Please check ""Maintenence Info"" for estimated time of completion and up-to-date information.Me: *clicks link*Me: *loads Japanese language website*Ohhhhkay.....never again. I deserve trading cards just for loading this stinking steamy pile."
76561198090493026,Not Recommended,536930,29807584,Posted: 9 February,all,Jeff.,"Hey...This game is pretty goodddd....Please support Roblox, i have over 2000 hours played on it....im currently number 1 in Tekken 69 so♥♥♥♥♥THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥... Good game still. 69/69 would play again"
76561198117060021,Not Recommended,536930,29736134,Posted: 5 February,all,Stallion,"Damn, I waited, like 5 minutes, for it's release, I download it, open it and then PUM maintenance, crap.Because it's a port of being a mobile game it has a ""Close"" button but when I press it the game crashes XDWhen I finally play it, i will change the review."
,Not Recommended,536930,29769583,Posted: 7 February,all,i✘Soul,Pay to win!
,Recommended,536930,30001500,Posted: 17 February,all,Zellardo,Pretty good!
76561198353281750,Recommended,536930,29997337,Posted: 17 February,all,Adorna,Amaizingly beautiful graphics.  Addictive gameplay.  Great story.
76561198082573715,Recommended,536930,29999159,Posted: 17 February,all,(Semi Pro) Trick2g,really good action game nice fight mac's and good co:op/mmo game nice story line i with i can see more of this
,Recommended,536930,29999879,Posted: 17 February,all,Quote,"This is already a good game on my smartphone, made better by the PC platform. You can even use your save data from the mobile version, and vice versa! My only complaint is that the game still needs to download♥♥♥♥♥♥when you first launch it, but once that's over, every update following won't take long."
,Recommended,536930,30000383,Posted: 17 February,all,the_contactv,"It's a good, chill RPG experience. I'm having a good time with it so far, but I can see where it could get boring after a while."
,Recommended,536930,29997928,Posted: 17 February,all,Major Armstrong,"Ignore most of the negative reviews. This game is actually pretty good but I got some insignificant gripes about it.1st - The story isn't really lacking just the voice acting is pretty bad (not very surprised)2nd - If you are really looking for a specific Job to take in this game, like the Samurai line or Black Mage line, it might take you a while. I didn't know much of the system (and i'm still fairly unfamiliar to it) but in order to unlock more job lines the only way I have seen is to use these summoning tickets that you, more than likely, will get often, but not often enough to grind for a specific class.3rd - Like any other mobile game you have a stamina system. Regardless, this game has showered me in items to give me more stamina, so it's not all too bad."
,Recommended,536930,29998212,Posted: 17 February,all,Greeve,"This game is fun.  I have played it for several months on mobile.  Honestly, SE has put out some garbage games over the past few years, but I would reccommend this game as an interesting take on the mobile RPG.  There is definitely a microtransaction annoyance in this game, but the kicker is you don't need to buy anything if you don't want to, so long as you have patience.SE fans will recognize characters and jobs from SE games past and present.  There is always some kind of special event going on with new cards and areas to fight in.  Anyhow, thats all i have.  See you in game."
76561198255976953,Recommended,536930,29884042,Posted: 12 February,all,RoyalGamer2001,"its a good game, take in a count its free... bit basic for controls as all you need to do is click but if you havent got any money for a game and need somthing to play i would recomend it."
,Recommended,536930,29884555,Posted: 12 February,all,Divineblonde,The only problem with this game is the lack of energy they supply you with.  You are granted elixers as you venture but its easy to use all of them and be left with nothing.  Waiting for energy in any game is horrible and its a dumb concept but if you can get past running out of energy every 5-10min this is a great game.
,Recommended,536930,29895880,Posted: 13 February,all,びま,nicei hope someday they release ffrk on steam too
,Recommended,536930,29889190,Posted: 12 February,all,NWOwhore,cool
,Recommended,536930,29890038,Posted: 12 February,all,artmasterRICH,"I have been playing this game for a while on mobile and while it looks impressive on there, it looks and runs so much better on PC! I'm very glad that I can use my same profile to continue where I left off! For those of you who haven't tried it out, why not? It's free as long as you know how to play patiently.There is a story but it may take while to get through. It is divided into chapters and the chapters haven't even been all released yet. And within each chapter are many repetitive battles. But if you get bored, you can always set it to auto. The game has constant updates so expect new events such as the FFVII Remake Collab event happening now!"
,Recommended,536930,29890706,Posted: 12 February,all,Remb,"If you hate stamina timers, are looking for some kind of intensive, skill-demanding game, and absolutely hate anything that resembles grinding, this game is probably not for you.On the flip side: for a mobile port, there is a massive amount of content. Also it was originally developed for tablets exclusively and has controller support, so I feel like all the 'mobile ports suck rah rah' criticisms aren't valid. The quality of the game is quite high from your typical mobage. Timers be damned, I played for 20 hours before running into any sort of stamina timer problems (and had 30+ free stamina refills at the time).The game mechanics borrow from many different places. Together it's somewhat unique and does have some strategic depth once you figure out what all the colors and symbols mean. The orb system ""draws"" orbs when you normal attack. Abilities require a certain combination of orbs. Various passive effects and the abilities equipped on your job determine what orbs you draw. You can discard undesirable orbs for defensive buffs and influencing the probability of drawing certain orbs. Aside from that, it plays like a turn-based RPG with multiplayer content that unlocks early on in the story.The multiplayer content surprised me. If you played FFXI or very early FFXIV (1.0), it plays a lot like that: Gameplay is slow, but coordinating is extremely highly rewarded, especially when you're attempting the hard content.Yes, western gamers retch at the slightest hints of standard mobile game tactics, but for those who can see past the typical mobage money traps and  want to find a time sink, play this turn based JRPG for free with a couple of the standard mobage bells and whistles, this is a decent game. All content, skills, items, etc. can be acquired completely free-to-play, and the game is relatively generous."
76561198035999635,Recommended,536930,29941950,Posted: 15 February,all,bnsdykt,This happens everytime I close the game. My Norton antivirus reads it as a Trojan and deletes it. Then  the game becomes unstartable. I have to verify files everytime i want to play. Damn good game though!Filename: assembly-csharp.dllThreat name: Trojan.Gen.8Full Path: c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\mobius final fantasy\mobiusff_data\managed\assembly-csharp.dll________________________________________________________On computers as of2/15/2017 at 8:46:47 AMLast Used2/15/2017 at 8:48:48 AMStartup ItemNoLaunchedNoThreat type: Heuristic Virus. Detection of a threat based on malware heuristics.____________________________assembly-csharp.dll Threat name: Trojan.Gen.8LocateFew UsersFewer than 50 users in the Norton Community have used this file.NewThis file was released more than 7 days  ago.HighThis file risk is high.____________________________Source: External MediaSource File:assembly-csharp.dll____________________________File ActionsFile: c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\mobius final fantasy\mobiusff_data\managed\ assembly-csharp.dll Removed____________________________File Thumbprint - SHA:5a3cba477edd78c801926a451b905700428a028e01489eccb6e6759721e0b7adFile Thumbprint - MD5:de8651336970b4238060436b89155330
76561198152387318,Recommended,536930,29927544,Posted: 14 February,all,Vigo,"Great Game when you consider it originally came from Mobile.That said, This game has all the good things we like. I personally prefer that there are many ways to kill all the baddies. There are a bunch of jobs that you can get for free.Once you get into the mechanics of the game and how everything works, its great fun. There is alot to do and people who like to grind for anything will enjoy this.ALso, the soundtrack is awesome."
76561197994113560,Recommended,536930,29777342,Posted: 8 February,all,Zanryu,"Although I haven't played this game on mobile it seems like a very good port (with some minor artifacts).The strongest point of this game is a very engaging battle system. However it seems to lack depth. With ""Guard Breaker"" area effects I can easily steamroll every encounter.Additionally I'm not sure how the FFVII event will affect the progress of the story. I completed the first act and have no trouble whatsoever in the event (which is nice), but when I will come back to the main story, I think that I will steamroll that even further.And while the combat is engaging the lack of depth creates very repetetive fights. Even bosses aren't that much different than normal enemies. There is not much you can adapt to, and your loadout of skills and jobs prevent that.I think it would be much more beneficial for the game if they had adapted the system from 'Lightning Returns: FFXIII' where you can switch jobs mid-fight and thus creating more diverse bosses. (edit: you get Job-Switch in Chapter 4:Prologue)The main reason while I recommend this is still because of the battle system. The graphics and the soundtrack supplement that.The main minus points are the mainstory and the characters, but they can easily be forgotten.Additionally the common monster ability cards don't seem to have much usage aside the beginning as the shop summon cards easily outshine them. But as the shop items can be acquired without paying 1 cent it is fine to some extend.Currently the cashshop is in a good position and as long as that doesn't shift this game can easily be enjoyed as a free-to-play title."
,Recommended,536930,29926081,Posted: 14 February,all,ShimmerCrow,"One of the best mobile games I've played brought over to steam. It's an addicting game with a great story, stamina system like any other mobile game though."
,Recommended,536930,29927447,Posted: 14 February,all,BomarJr,"Shallow, but pretty and entertaining time-waster. Definitely recommended for players of the mobile version, as they cross-save, and for those wanting a taste of FFVII Remake with some themed levels. Above all else, it's free! So nothing to lose. :)"
76561198331419108,Recommended,536930,29849989,Posted: 11 February,all,"I am Ice Coob, I no melt.",10/10 I cried.
,Recommended,536930,29887190,Posted: 12 February,all,BloodLust Lance Cyn,"Story = 5Gameplay = 3.5Audio = 5Balance = 4.8Overall = 4 out of 5Decent Voice acting, new and returning (some remxed) music, good gameplay (but a little tiresome if repetition bothers you), and an overall balanced gameplay not typicaly found in most mobile and ftp games. Toss in a good story with a nice change of pace for main character personality (for FF that is -alot of events show this off well- coughultroscough)  and you get Mobius. Newcomer or long time fan of FF I put this in my list of top recomended franchise games."
76561198358863457,Recommended,536930,29911736,Posted: 13 February,all,alepoz0121,I LOVE this game it's just really fyn
,Recommended,536930,29771326,Posted: 7 February,all,Joshi69,"Same game as Mobile, so if you like the mobile game but don't want to use an emulator to play this game this is a great way to do it.Also a tip for newcomers save your Magicite and buy a mobius box everytime yours run out."
76561198012602188,Recommended,536930,29768206,Posted: 7 February,all,R0ugeninja,"(Played the Mobile version since release, played 3 Hours of the PC version)Not an amazing story, however for a mobile title, it translates well to PC.As far as F2P mechanics go, you will never run our of stamina to play levels, and almost any paywall can be overcome with a bit of grinding.Well worth a try if you want something casual.  And considering the Mobile / PC data share, you can continue your adventure on the go."
,Recommended,536930,29768102,Posted: 7 February,all,kitestar,"yah know i loved it on mobile and i love it even more here since it runs at a better frame-rate then on mobile (at least mine anyway) but for this to be perfect, i would much like to be able to play it fullscreen then windowed so 8.6 out of 10+graphics are optimized for PC+runs at a smooth 60 FPS mayhaps more+dont even hafta pay a single cent (except if you want the premium classes)-both windowed modes hard to look ati played more of this on mobile so i have more playtime under my beltedit: found the fullscreen settings, my bad X3"
76561198036425920,Recommended,536930,29769362,Posted: 7 February,all,Chopsuey03,since it comes to pc ading global chat would be nice so that we can swear each other like gentlemen
76561198067330730,Recommended,536930,29769363,Posted: 7 February,all,KlymaXX,One of the best Final Fantasy games ever... the graphics is awespiring. Loved the game more on this version. Keep it up SE and hoping for more titles in the future :D
,Recommended,536930,29769449,Posted: 7 February,all,Dj =D,"Launch issues have put the overall score into Mixed, but the game is still great. It's expansive, with a giant story and many different things for you to do through the world, even including multiplayer battles and temporary event regions, like a current FF7 crossover. The port is excellent: very high quality, fully rebindable keys, and only a few ""Tap to..."" instructions left in.There are $75 ""micro""transactions for Legendary jobs, but these are nowhere near required and can be ignored entirely. The battle system is also rather simplistic, which could either be good or bad depending on your point of view. The game also isn't fully installed through Steam, requiring you to sit through a 10+ minute install in-game, which is mildly irritating.If you're even slightly interested, give it a go. It's free, there's nothing to lose other than a bit of your time."
76561198056613790,Recommended,536930,29769828,Posted: 7 February,all,Ryth98,"This game has been one I have been playing since it came out last august, I have enjoyed every little story they have put into the game and the dark souls like worldbuilding they have decided to go with here really rewards you for scouring every part of each area to truly complete each chapter. late game the battles can get very strategic in the abilities you use in your battles while adapting to each situation and the multiplayer increases that strategic need when facing a hard boss. the microtransactions can be a little expensive but you missed the time where they made bonus classes cost a full AAA title although they seemed to have fixed that now. I recommend everyone give it a try, you may not like how the game is played or the story as not everyone can enjoy dark souls storytelling but those who can understand it will be very pleased with this free to play game"
,Recommended,536930,29770063,Posted: 7 February,all,Фахми,"not sure why some ppl said the game can't run?using low budget gc GTX950 doesn't give me any problem, smooth run and fps in between 58-60.."
76561198028254789,Recommended,536930,29751191,Posted: 6 February,all,TEXIMEXI,This game is fantastic for the phone and now i get to play it on my computer. To the people who were complaining about connection or something was probably not doing it right. 1st try no problem. Can finally multiask on the computer instead of phone and killing my battery. than you square enix!p.s. The smooth animation and graphics are sexy! ^_^
76561198098132906,Recommended,536930,29751210,Posted: 6 February,all,TankMcDank,Let me just say that this game is fun no doubt about it that's why i decided to give i a thumbs up and recommend people to play this game. Eventhough SE treats GLOBAL players like trash. Only reason i say this is because JP version is just better in so many ways. Alot of people has switched to JP server becuause most of them have felt cheated in Global.♥♥♥♥♥♥even the JP players simpathize for Global players. With that said i still give mobius a thumbs up because well I had fun playing this game and bashing on it because i can't afford a 75$ legendary class is not a good excuse to hate on it. I mean the game already gives you summoning tickets for completing the story plus exploration nodes and they have special events to give you even more. Not only that you can accumulate in game currency (magicite) for free. Theirs also a gift box (mobius gift box) that give you pretty good things. It's the pay wall that just makes me mad and many people but i can't hate this game for that. Its fun and you'll have fun too.Pros+ good graphics for a mobile game (haven't played on pc yet)+ nice gameplay+ combat mechanics is fun and strategic+ bountiful content and updates are frequent+ community is big but not yuuuuge+ multiplayer+ free ingame currency (re fills like the energy bar)Cons- ------------>75$ LEGENDARY JOBS!!!! WTF<--------------------- RNG is not so great- very grindy- expensive items- boring if you have bad stuff ( jobs and ability cards)- JP version is way better to its player base
,Recommended,536930,29756869,Posted: 6 February,all,Leon,Good game
,Recommended,536930,29757321,Posted: 7 February,all,NITRAM3X3,"the file ""Assembly-CSharp.dll"" has been identified as a threat by AVG, is it a real threat or just false alarm?"
,Recommended,536930,29757399,Posted: 7 February,all,Rash,A decent free-to-play RPG with a great OST to boot!
76561198095648251,Recommended,536930,29757490,Posted: 7 February,all,Chris,not bad
76561198074514599,Recommended,536930,29757800,Posted: 7 February,all,tripmachinevirus,"waited the day maintanence for this game to come up. slow start and the menu could use a touch up. Its a a good game for mobile play, a pretty looking game on the pc, but meh in playstyle. Currently though, the game wont open, so there are still port bugs that need work.If it works and you need a durdle game, then yes. If the bugs prove to be unresolved then no, don't get this."
,Recommended,536930,29757826,Posted: 7 February,all,Odinson,"I have been playing this game since it 1st released to mobile in the USA, and overall its not a bad game. Only real big complaint is the fact that you have to spend $75 for these ""Legendary Jobs"" which aren't all that great.This steam release has been a huge blunder from what I have witnessed.When I 1st downloaded it it was not playable due to some server issue, as many others have cried about.But the one that really urks me is the fact that file sharing seems to be broken now. So I can't transfer my save game from my phone to pc (which is the whole reason I downloaded the pc version), so again it is not playable.I really don't want to hate but for a company that has been around as long as square enix this is a joke. Some one there needs to pull their cranium from their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and get this solved."
,Recommended,536930,29757968,Posted: 7 February,all,[STAZ] Rias,"best phone battery saver 10/10, completly worth it!more honestly, a good game, with few bugs but nothing major and breaking.no major problems due to anything else, everything goes according to the plan.last point, and for me the most top tier godly point, i can drink coffee and eat cookies while playing (i know i know everybody don't care :D)"
76561198110689964,Recommended,536930,29758150,Posted: 7 February,all,lancemitchell83,"A really fun active combat system, a variety of different Jobs and specials, loads of Events, a decent story, tons of features constantly being added in, and more than enough scope to run through as a free-to-play user, Mobius is definitely a game that Final Fantasy fans should have a look at.And the Steam version (once all the bugs / install issues are sorted out) looks absolutely stunning."
,Recommended,536930,29754298,Posted: 6 February,all,Cringe,This game was rathr great for an on the go game on the phone. Im sure it will be just as fun on the computer. It's a rather simple system on how to fight and interact with other players wich allows for a bit of fun and in my honest opinion this is a casual game but none the less fun and requires a bit of thought. Its a target select and attack type style battle system which powers are cards that you earn through playing the game and such.  On the phone I don't really remember spending a dime on this game but never ran into a challenge I couldn't complete. Im sure these factors will translate over to the computer to just fine. So far form what I can tell ts just as I remember.A bit of wonky key workings when typing and such on your profile but good none the less its starting off how I remember. It
76561198026162869,Not Recommended,536930,29755795,Posted: 6 February,all,TJT,Doing nothing at all would make more sense than ever playing this.
,Not Recommended,536930,29755932,Posted: 6 February,all,Tatinho,I can't log in... is really anoying. I just keep emulating.
,Recommended,536930,29756199,Posted: 6 February,all,supereldoncloud,"This game is good. It's cool and has great visuals as well. There are honestly no RPGs, MMOs, or FFs similar to Mobius Final Fantasy here. The card implementation is nice. Don't complain about spending money; if you don't have the money, well go make some money and come back. Or enjoy as much F2P as you can. I'm looking at some of these so-called ""reviews"" out there and it is clear that many folks have no basis from which they are coming from. I can only give it a positive review; Mobius Final Fantasy is a creative game with stunningly rich visuals and great gameplay. You with me? Join the fun."
76561198011944993,Recommended,536930,29753742,Posted: 6 February,all,syoxiss,"soo, normally, i don't like mobile games on steam, but ""mobius final fantasy"" is for me, in another level, i wanted this for pc for a long time.the game graphics on mobile are beautifull and it takes its toll on the batery, but i'm getting of topic.this port for pc, comes at 60 fps.4k quality? i dont realy know, but i play it for hours just because of the 60 fps and no battery limitation, also there's a lot to do in game, and the story... the story got me hooked, its funny but intriging at the same time, when a cutscene starts i just lose myself in the image quality.. its like an open world game, but with out actually loading the world itself.if you are having problems starting the game, don't just review the game negative, try to fix it or wait until the problem gets fixed. the community normally help a lot.with maybe some luck, i had no problems and i'm playing the same save from mobile."
,Recommended,536930,29756877,Posted: 6 February,all,surprise motherf*cker,"This game is a mobile game being made into a pc game, if you enjoyed the mobile version there is no way you won't like this. However if you are new you should give this a shot"
,Recommended,536930,29775733,Posted: 7 February,all,BlackFilter,"I am playing this game since the JP version, when global version came out I switch and played the mobile version since its release. If you don't know what this game is, this is ORIGINALLY A MOBILE GAME. Don't expect the old Final Fantasy gameplay where you roam around and meet new NPC with random battle stuff. They only made their mobile version for their mobile players to enjoy the HD graphics on PC (and ofcourse to attract more players to play their MOBILE GAME).As long as you expect it to have the all known mobile game system, then you should be fine dowloading this game. If you are expecting the old Final Fantasy RPG gameplay then go buy their other Final Fantasy Games as this is not what you're looking for."
,Recommended,536930,29778567,Posted: 8 February,all,Reaper,Its just a nice beautiful game ^^ try it you have nothing to lose
76561198002809152,Recommended,536930,29779305,Posted: 8 February,all,hoofster,I loved this game on mobile.To be able to play it lag free at 60fps makes my dong rock hard.
76561197961205116,Recommended,536930,29767609,Posted: 7 February,all,[ExC]Drunken_SAM™,"I am playing this game since the first day on my mobile device and since then, everyday. Its awesome and makes a lot of fun. Try it and you will love it. And definetly, its not pay2win. If you log in everyday, you can make around 150 magnecite each day...you definetly dont need more...summon tickets, growstars and so on will be send to you if you play the events.And dont forget the MP, its awesome....ok, none wants to play a 3Star opponent with a newb but just get better and it makes a lot of fun.I totally recommend this game...but this are just my 2 cent ;))"
76561198003315052,Recommended,536930,29776115,Posted: 7 February,all,Dirk,"really great game in mobile, more so in steam with HD visual. This game is beautiful! I never spent any money on it. Completely Free To Play. Recommended Play for Final Fantasy Fans and newbies."
,Recommended,536930,30062126,Posted: 20 February,all,Dr. Cool Guy,"Very fun and mindless. Paywall is unfortunate, but the game is playable for a good amount of time"
76561197993735524,Recommended,536930,30062581,Posted: 20 February,all,TheRedWisdom,I like this game. It is a cellphone game. The combat system is similar to final fantasy 13. The story is alright. The payment model seems fair. I do not feel pressured to spend money.
,Recommended,536930,30024139,Posted: 18 February,all,ABstract,I enjoy this game...it's better as a smart phone game but seeing as I have a Surface Pro I enjoy it more in 1080 and 60 fps.
,Recommended,536930,30122857,Posted: 23 February,all,Kercondark,"Do you have few minutes to spend between matches in DOTA2 or Paladins?Waiting for friend to join Team Fortres 2 or CS:GO?This maybe a game for you spend few minutes or go all auto on fights while doing something else!Game is simple and don't force you to go for microtransactions to have fun.Card system is grindy but if you play game as it is designed (multiple quick sessions) you will have fun. Game will even remind you that you shouldn't play in long sessions.That said if you don't like Final Fantasy games or you are elitist who must be best I would recomend you to skip this game, there are two mechanics that are created to cash you:First one is stamina, on start you will level quick and do mutiple fights so you will not notice but later you can do 2-3 fights and if you want to play more you will wait or pay.Second mechanic is Card rate systems if you want best thing or your favorite characters you need to play quite a lot or pay for packs.So why I recomend it ? Becouse it is casual game in quite interesting world and potetntialy fun to play if you remember to have laid back time in it you should have fun or something to waste time between other things you do on computer."
76561198045060750,Recommended,536930,30114137,Posted: 22 February,all,siderakist,"When i try to download this game it starts downloading then i get a malware waring for this game and the error :An error occurred while installing MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY (missing file privileges)C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\downloading\536930\mobiusff_Data\Managed\Assembly-CSharp.dllI got it download once but all it did was open up and become black screen with steam notification opening repeatedly.I tried the trouble shooting options offered and they did help any.Also after trying to download it a few times it cuts out the internet to my pc and i have to restart my pc to get internet back, but internet still works on my phones.Thanks in advance."
,Recommended,536930,30082750,Posted: 21 February,all,Mia Ishata,"While this is a Mobile port, and should be treated as such, i am pleasantly surprised how much stuff there is.While there are alot of filler fights to extend the game abit, and requires patience to enjoy it to the fullest, im quite content with the things i have.Also worth mentioning there is no Pay to Win as far as i can see, you can use cash to speed up some things otherwise its not neccesary, the game isnt exactly hard."
,Recommended,536930,30086406,Posted: 21 February,all,smugles,Very fun F2P game everything that you can spend money on is either obtainable with time or simply not needed at all.
,Recommended,536930,29811027,Posted: 9 February,all,Glitchman,"A simplistic, fun, F2P game. Progress can be shared between mobile and PC too!"
76561197980957850,Recommended,536930,29809076,Posted: 9 February,all,CPK,"A very good game, but be warned it comes with ""stamina"" functions which limit how long you can play. I'm currently 20 or so hours in and I still have around 6-7 elixirs to refill the bar but there are some side-areas that require a stupid amount of stamina (50+) for meager rewards.Good-Great graphics- Fun gameplay- Lots of classes- Social aspectsBad- Time limits- Some characters are poorly voiced"
76561198038636602,Recommended,536930,29783533,Posted: 8 February,all,Lonewise,"love letter to final fantasy fans. they constantly do events celebrating different versions of ff. i have a feeling its better on the phone though. i dont wanna meat the guy that thinks using his computer to play phone games is a good idea. also, if you dont have income or a job, this game will be hell. heres a for instance. a new job costs 3000 magicite, you get roughly 145 per day. you would have to wait almost a month to get ONE JOB, or you can pay 10 bucks and get it now :D. this is a cash grab created by one of squares best. they must be really suffering if an autopilot phone game is the lifeboat. and to set the record straight i love square and enix, star ocean. ff4, all that good stuff. im just a little dissapointed that games are largelyy transporting to phones. makes sense, cheaper, easier to make, and a HUGE profit margin. the world is getting dumb. we dont want art or stories anymore we want bright lights, flashy colors, and the ability to spend money to feel superior, or at least thats what the game industry thnks. i have a strong feeling ill be quitting games completely soon. been playing since 3, im 26 now and it seems to me that games are dying. everythings on the phone because it makes so much money and all of the consoles AND their games are failing."
76561198164527166,Recommended,536930,29800271,Posted: 9 February,all,Sleepy,"Its a turn attack based game with androidgraphics,still pretty good and addicting.Plenty of skill cards,new weapons to farm,3 roles(knight,assassin,mage),the combatmechanichs are very interesting and a storyline for those who enjoy other FF games.The tutorial is boring but once you finish it you gonna have a great time."
,Recommended,536930,29800568,Posted: 9 February,all,Schie,"I actually played this alot back on iOS and things have only gotten better. Graphics are pretty good for a mobile port coming to PC, the game is fairly well paced out and doesn't starve you of energy for quite a while. You can pretty much play half way through Chapter 2 in one sitting (3-4 hours) if you really wanted to.PROS-Fluid 60FPS-Mouse works nicely in place of touch controls-Added a few new tutorials to straighten out any confusion-Decent story beats that explores topics like: identity, temptation, defending those you love, blindly following prophecy and loss of everything you hold dear-Fairly good battle mechanics that are simple and easy to useCONS-Animations in battle are perfect, but during cutscenes can get a little jittery-Starts in a Window in your current resolution, ALT+Enter does work to full screen but does not let you change resolution for some time-Some early battles can become a bit difficult / frustrating but are totally doable-RNG can really break the pace of combat, and the player's ability to augment that RNG is limitedOVERALLReally fun for a Final Fantasy mobile game, if you liked Record Keeper but wanted something a little bit more focused on actual narrative and new stories, this is the game for you. If you don't like mobile games, steer clear."
,Recommended,536930,29800872,Posted: 9 February,all,caelumsixsmith,"This is one of those times when we could make use of a neutral option on Stam reviews. ""MOBIUS FINAL FANTASY is not a bad mobile game, but it’s a risk on a platform as broad and demanding as PC.""+ Gorgeous graphics+ Beautiful soundtrack+ Satisfying battle system+ Great optimization- Designed for mobiles- Repetitive- Multiplayer is fun but flawed- Absolutely everything you do can be summarized to fighting waves upon waves of enemies.Full review @MMOEXaminer"
,Recommended,536930,29756733,Posted: 6 February,all,toniwilson,brace yourself for up to 3gb data download for epic graphic!!!
76561198042128952,Recommended,536930,29811543,Posted: 9 February,all,Takemylunch,once you get into a rythem the music syncing with the action makes you just lose hours just going from node to node!
,Recommended,536930,29811579,Posted: 9 February,all,ajasei7,Good.Now I can play Mobius with my phone and notebook.Main device: smartphoneWhen facing the notebook/ away from phone/ want to enjoying the better graphic: play STEAM version.The most important thing to me is I can switch the device seamlesslyKeybind is good (and important) feature.
76561198140333775,Recommended,536930,29812211,Posted: 9 February,all,sumisw48,This is a wonderful game!  It runs so smoothly and is just beautiful to experience.  Love it!
,Recommended,536930,29812315,Posted: 9 February,all,Paleknight,"I was sceptical on playing this due to it being an IOS game. Yet when I did it's not as bad as I thought and is pretty fair on gameplay with the combat and card system for levels, and abilities. Not to mention it does have a nice visual of cutscenes and it's pretty simple turn based combat system. offers skill panel for upgrading your stats for each class and unlocking new ones, cards giving you abilities to use, and a pretty good mulitplayer that gives materials for beating bosses with a party."
,Recommended,536930,29813596,Posted: 9 February,all,zamuel16,"Now that the game is working properly, time to give it an honest review. First, the UI is bad. They did not resize it in any way to make it easier to use. Secondly, the odd split in the UI. I understand why the screen had to be reorganized in such a way. However, that does not help the situation when you combine the tiny UI and the split it has on PC. These are the two major issues I had with the Steam version of this game.Now, let us look at the positives of both the port and the game in general. Simple to understand controls combined with challenging and fair gameplay to produce a fun experience. Artwork and visuals fit in perfectly with the other Final Fantasy games. You never need to pay to get anything (except for certain event Jobs) and the game gives you lots of freedom to play however you want to. The PC version can go up to 4k apparently (my computer can't run it so I couldn't say yes or no). The biggest positive to the PC version is that since it is not on mobile, it doesn't waste your phone's battery power.The game is beautiful to look at. The story is engaging and updating every couple of months. I sincerely advise you to try this game yourself. Just be careful of the glitches and bugs that may affect your ability to start the game or transfer your file from mobile."
,Recommended,536930,29792488,Posted: 8 February,all,*Salt Squad* Skyler,"It's like a free version of Lightning Returns. And I thought that game was pretty good, soooo...."
,Recommended,536930,29792538,Posted: 8 February,all,Rvdd,There's no need for bluestacks now bois
,Recommended,536930,29792934,Posted: 8 February,all,senior poopypants,"i have to say this game is very good but for a kid who isnt event 13 yet i dont realy understand much besides the abilitys, how to fight and the story."
76561197999698030,Recommended,536930,29790437,Posted: 8 February,all,Ashurek69,"Its free.Its fun.It has a surprising mix of strategy and action in classic FF turn mode.You can leave the game on and walk away for 12 hours and its still waiting for you next action.Graphically pretty.VA is ok, and sometimes even funny.I believe everything in game is grindable except the legendary jobs.Regular events with better than average rewards.Payshop like any f2p app, but it certainly isnt required, nor is it pay to win.Great mini game to while away your spare time that you can simply leave running and just play when you have those moments between all the other things we do in our busy schedules.EditI've been working my way through the FFVII remake event, and its wonderful, the music, backgrounds, major nostalgia."
,Recommended,536930,29789642,Posted: 8 February,all,Joshy,"Easy to install and looks beautiful compared against the mobile app. My major complains (besides the mircotransactions) is the UI doesnt look too great, looks like it was barely touched from the mobile verison. My other complain is that it seems like you cant switch target very smoothly, which is no big deal for me.I must say that this game is pretty fun to play to pass time and i really like the card system although you can leave it to SE to make the leveling of the cards it a bit complicated but not too much where its not enjoyable, which i like in a FF game"
76561198256836617,Recommended,536930,29763575,Posted: 7 February,all,hengsdk,"error key in one time password for IOS device,cant use current game data on pc versionpls help"
,Recommended,536930,29773850,Posted: 7 February,all,Cha0tik,This game is beautiful and smooth on PC. It still has the feeling of a mobile game but it looks and runs better than the mobile version. The fact that you can run the PC version and continue the game on mobile is AMAZING. Thanks Square
76561198325393314,Recommended,536930,29864117,Posted: 11 February,all,GnM,<3
,Recommended,536930,29862426,Posted: 11 February,all,TheTentacle,"The main core of the game is its turn-based fighting system with a slight twist.The game explains the mechanics pretty good and there is no need to be a genius to figure things out.But here a few things, before the final verdict:Cons:-The game has a stamina bar for both campaign and multiplayer-The further you go in the campaign the more stamina it will cost to fight-The fights become very repetitive after a while-Difficulty/Enemy level increases rapidly-Getting good skill and job cards may take a while-Job cards are locked behind the gacha machine-The premium currency is way too expensive for the amount they give outPros:-Has a story, cutscenes and voice acting-Whenever you level up, the stamina is not replenished but it's added to your current stamina. Meaning that no stamina gets wasted or lost.-Solo fights can be played at double speed.-In multiplayer, you use stamina to host and you get double the loot from the boss but, you can join without using any stamina. You can also help a player complete the boss for the first time and get 20 Premium currency up to 5 times daily.-You'll get a lot of goods during the campaign or other instances to get skill and job cards-You generate constanly premium currency. 16h 30min for 100.-You can still play this game and get good stuff without any real money-You can and are able to play the whole day if you wantFinal verdict:Personally, I despise stamina-bar games for various, obvious reasons BUT,Mobius Final Fantasy lives up to its name and delivers infinite fun, free of charge.It feels like a mini FF online with very easy mechanics which can be for the casual and even the hardcore players.Most probably, the best freemium (Final Fantasy) game one can ever get.A solid 9/10. (Needs less stamina bars, though.)P.S. If you want to try out this game, you better do it now, since they are celebrating 10mio download and they're giving out event stuff like 10mio gil, Masamune and other good stuff, until the end of the month."
,Recommended,536930,29864267,Posted: 11 February,all,Nathiuz,"In my opinion, your judgement of this game depends on where you're coming from when you decide to play it on steam.---If you played Mobius FF on your tablet/phone first:Mobius' graphics are greatly improved and is generally much more responsive than the tablet version. It's been incredibly easy for me to adapt to the mouse controls of the steam version. I am going to be playing it on steam from now on, except for in a few specific circumstances such as being at work, or traveling.---If you played Mobius FF on Steam first:Mobius FF is not nearly as good as other PC versions of Final Fantasy games. FF Type-Zero and others are much more interesting in terms of depth, storyline, gameplay, and mechanics. If you really enjoyed old Playstation versions of Final Fantasy, you may want to skip this. That said, it's free, so give it a try and decide for yourself. Just keep in mind this was a tablet game first that was moved over to the PC.---All in all:I played Mobius FF on tablet first, so my viewpoint is written with that bias in mind. Because of this, I was both surprised and incredibly excited that Mobious FF came to Steam. However, as far as comparing it strictly to other buy-to-play Final Fantasy titles, I find it to be wanting. Your mileage may vary.All in all, I enjoy it, but I enjoyed it on Tablet first. For a tablet game, it's amazing. For a PC game it's all right. The stamina system is kind of a bummer."
76561198138845421,Recommended,536930,29864440,Posted: 11 February,all,kyotekyle3,fun.
76561198155622952,Recommended,536930,29863360,Posted: 11 February,all,Giee,"This is actually a very addictive and fun casual game. Its obvious that its made for mobile gaming but the PC version is actually very good. Controls absolutely fine and the game looks really good and clean on high resolutions.Overall, battles are quick, fun to watch, have a lot of good effects and don't require a big graphics requirement to play at good frames.It might not be the Final Fantasy you want, but it's a Final Fantasy you should definitely try"
,Recommended,536930,29853814,Posted: 11 February,all,れをる,"very recommended (y)wasting my 1m24s for loading screen and 1hours for ""updating"" :)my internet download speed is 13mbps. and it took 1+hours just for downloading data?u guys must try it out! :D especially for someone who is tired of life"
,Recommended,536930,29851382,Posted: 11 February,all,МИШКА,"Nice, better if we can set resolution, prtrait is most comfrt for me.."
76561197995906942,Recommended,536930,29790304,Posted: 8 February,all,k.zwolinski,I start playing on mobile device but this game is beautiful in FulHD or 4k and Give me more satisfaction then FF15!!
,Recommended,536930,29790507,Posted: 8 February,all,[SiN]Doc Omally(Pylon),for a mobile port...not bad
76561198139823437,Recommended,536930,29791090,Posted: 8 February,all,jiskool98,"You know how some people say ""oh this game is super addictive"" or that games fun as hell!""? Well its true for Mobius. THis game has me hooked with not the combat but the charcters interacting with each other and the cool jobs you can get. So far ive only gotten a few jobs from the card summon shop due to the amount of tickets you can get. You start off with 3 basic jobs that can evolve into the other jobs you see players walking around with. The jobs you can summon are the same with a few exceptions. They cant evolve into new different jobs, instead evolve into better  variations of the said job. The other difference is the stats. While the evolved version of say a dark knight will have different stats compared to the job summon of the same name. Another thing is the elements of the jobs. Evolve jobs have different elements they can use for each evolve. the summoned ones have set elements that cant be changed.Do i reccomend this game? Yes. If you have some spare time and just want to try out a final fantasy. It provides a great entry into the series with the jobs, enemies, moves, and story.P.S if you start playing now, you can try out the FF7 remake collab they are doing. You get to have cloud's abilities and attire if you can unlock his job card. oh and his job card is now a permanent summon so no need to rush in just for him."
76561198131194116,Recommended,536930,29767317,Posted: 7 February,all,Gloomreach Estates,"I haven't had this much fun in a free game in a long while. I'm not a serial Final Fantasy player and have only ever played one entry in the franchise aside from this one.IF you enjoy semi-casual turn-based NPC-bashing, you may like this game. It does seem to be repetitive, and is an obvius port of a mobile game obviously intended for the Asia market.IF you don't like Tinkerbell, you may be thoroughly annoyed by the side-kick.IF you don't like Geralt, you may be thoroughly annoyed by the main character.IF you don't like Garrus Vakarian, you....wait a minute. Garland's voiced by the same actor as Garrus Vakarian.BTW, you can find the North American continent on the in-game globe....The playtime according to steam is innacurate. I let the game run to update while I slept."
,Recommended,536930,29791396,Posted: 8 February,all,Monokurobo,NTAPS JIWA
,Recommended,536930,30159708,Posted: 24 February,all,Nano Dongle,it's ok.
,Recommended,536930,30134767,Posted: 23 February,all,GothKazu,"I mostly play on mobile but up until i played this (originally because ""free game why not"" i hated Final Fantasy. now im thinking of giving the series a chance, starting with the FF7 Remake, all because this is such a well made game. i love how it works, i just wish i'd discovered it sooner so i could get some of those time limited ability cards i missedEdit: Dont play in English dub. i find that every japanese made game has terrible english voic acting.Great game otherwise."
,Recommended,536930,30135214,Posted: 23 February,all,Amduskias,"During the introduction segment of the game, I automatically felt more compelled to save the moogle from his (her?) doom than I did to save Lunafreya from Ardyn, then immediately regretted it upon hearing it actually talk.10/10, still a better love story than FFXV."
76561198007766478,Not Recommended,536930,29740410,Posted: 6 February,all,BlackyRay,"I would love to give any positive feedback. But it makes no sense anymore.The Server Maintenance is over since i mean 12 hours, but the pc versiondoes not work.how could I possibly give a positive review of a game, if it doesn't work.You also dont buy a car, which is not running and review to the factory.I love this car it is so good, it needs no gas and let me do more sports....pls fix this problem, i was looking forward to this version for weeks, and I'm trying to login once per hour the whole day."
,Recommended,536930,29751222,Posted: 6 February,all,Danku [Σ],"Really neat port of the mobile game, finally playable at solid 60 without bruning batteries!I am not really into mobile games and their price models but this game is extremely forgiving (still not close to the japanese version, but getting there) and i managed to get some spicy♥♥♥♥♥♥without spending a dime on it.Music is just... gorgeous, i love it. I can't really say anything else about it but it's great!Graphics, well... for a mobile game they were outrageous, but on pc... don't really expect much compared to other pc games. Some models are taken from FFXIV even.As of gameplay, well, it's more or less a combination of gacha monsters and elemental strategy. Only that monsters are abilities (with passives) and elements are 6, weaknesses spread in pairs instead of being all connected. Not really thriving gameplay but it can clench sometimes when things get difficult.Story wise it's good, i'd say that much, but i feel it's held down by the game itself and how it works, really. Also, please use the japanese voices.Overall this is a solid f2p game, not even the stamina system is a problem (they pump you full of elixirs that restore it from the get go, and also 3 days a month they are twice as effective). Give it a shot!"
76561198063503936,Recommended,536930,29790798,Posted: 8 February,all,♥Charlotte♥,When things work the way they should this is a great timer pass :D
76561198035706089,Recommended,536930,30143106,Posted: 24 February,all,GaryLeeDezernJr,"actually is spite of all these bad reviews the game really isnt that bad, sure, ppl are allows to use mommies credit card to go bankrupt in the end, but those of us that play the game free, all we need is a bit of patience, thats all XD, daily logn, and then at times special log in bonuses, and then we have the free elixers and tickets across all the maps, after all of that each and every fight gives seeds and money, and its not that hard to get card drops, just presistence is all it takes.its a grind sure, but theres also an auto function so again, not really as bad as people are saying.also keep in mind, just because you dish out money doesnt mean you got skill for sh*t! XDso yeah I personally Like it. I think the mobile version was less amusing, tiny screen and if you got fat fingers like myself, its not easly hitting the spell you want. XD"
,Recommended,536930,30142614,Posted: 24 February,all,Scrappy Koko,"Overall great game, i enjoy with difficulty of the game and the loots they provide to us. 10/10P/s: Done with all achievements. ☺"
76561198144213522,Not Recommended,536930,30139490,Posted: 24 February,all,Osama Bin Laden,"This sucks you gonna need to download 3gb within the game and the game doesn't ask you where to put the download files. In my case my C: drive is where this 3gb will be placed (""C drive is 4gb free space"") but the steam and the app is on the D: drive (D drive 189 free space). That sucks Big Time"
76561198015177672,Recommended,536930,30139583,Posted: 24 February,all,Racturne,"A lot of grinding but, great combat, interesting gameplay, awesome animations.. and its free!"
76561198132767198,Recommended,536930,30137459,Posted: 24 February,all,JangIe,Pretttyyy good
76561198083528359,Recommended,536930,30234321,Posted: 27 February,all,huskercash07,One of the better ios games I've played in a while.
,Not Recommended,536930,30218351,Posted: 27 February,all,Sum Ting Wong,"The gameplay and graphics are both ok except one thing THE ♥♥♥♥ING STAMINA,seriously,why limiting the gameplay with a pathetic stamina."
76561198135659329,Not Recommended,536930,30141197,Posted: 24 February,all,BE COOL,Here's a guide on how to beat the game.Step 1: acquire a ok healing card.Step 2: grind.The game need a deeper combate system.
76561198114483055,Recommended,536930,30247969,Posted: 28 February,all,Yung Gaeben,Richer story than most final fantasy games I've played recently
,Recommended,536930,29812336,Posted: 9 February,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"its very fun download it and play with your friends the game has many features like open world so you can do many things with your friends (if you have any friends that is) the gameplay is so incredible you'll be in shock this is true next gen give it a try its maded by enix so it gotta be good rright?,right?,right."
,Recommended,536930,29738933,Posted: 6 February,all,Rageo,This game is goodFast respon GMNice Graphic and epic game playand not pay to win u must farm the seeeeeeed
,Recommended,536930,29754310,Posted: 6 February,all,Nilocmirror,This is a great game. They come out with nnew content regularly and it is always high quality. You can get almost everything in the game with out paying anything. There are legendary jobs one can only get by spending a LOT of cash but the game is blanaced in such a way that they are never needed.
,Recommended,536930,30215852,Posted: 27 February,all,Doctor Weeboo-Waboo,"REVISEDSo, I can now say that I would recommend this game is you want something casual to play that's a good bit different than your normal mobile game. It looks good, actually puts some effort into the story, and the gameplay si earnestly unique and enjoyable. I can give it a solid recommendation overall."
,Not Recommended,536930,29777445,Posted: 8 February,all,Raven Diesel,"Good visuals, addicitve. Was almost free from real-money donate, but developers killed the international build, while japanese build is more softer in terms of pay-to-win. If only this came could be an AAA project — large chunk of potential got wasted.P.S.: Mobius Garland = best Garland: design + Fujiwara Keiji as voice actor."
,Not Recommended,536930,30091185,Posted: 21 February,all,군대감(in military now),such♥♥♥♥♥game tho. Never play it
76561198182861955,Recommended,536930,30009340,Posted: 18 February,all,(NSFW) A$$ucker,There are not that many games out there that are remade in a PC version after they were only mobile. I think this game has great potential and the fact that you can play it on iOS and Android is just awesome.
76561198010968762,Recommended,536930,29910103,Posted: 13 February,all,criscg2,"Ok, got the steam popup announcing this game again. I'm actually able to play the game this time. tried it again, got bored, stopped playing. Casually told my sister about it. Next day she says the game is Great. It's just the starting levels are boring until you can travel. Ok... tried the game again, got some overpowered, augumented summon cards and job classes. I get to see more of the game and the cards. And I have to agree the game does open up afterwards. I am curently playing, took a few screenshots. Ok, fun if you can get past the initial parts.My original review in February...As my game time shows, 106 minutes to download a measly few mb. And then an immediate error code whenever you try to play. Why is this piece of junk even on steam?  I even feel that I deserve a steam refund, and this a free to play game..."
,Not Recommended,536930,29738066,Posted: 6 February,all,K,"I friggin like this game...doesn't require a date, just put on a pretty dress and some lipstick and get screwed by square's beautiful RNGesus for not handing anyone atleast 1 supreme card.  you have to be supremely lucky to get 1.and it's called mobius for a reason. as it is infinite for ""infinite-grind' for nothing."
,Recommended,536930,29835533,Posted: 10 February,all,『　　   』,"would be nice if you can download the whole file from steam instead from the game itself .other than that , it's a great game"
76561198358582377,Recommended,536930,29751770,Posted: 6 February,all,DoCJosL,"Awesome Game! I finally got it installed and i am enjoying playing the game. I didn't play the mobile version so i cannot compare it to that. However, this version is awesome!Tidbit: I couldn't install the game because of my Anti-Virus. So, when i play the game i have to disable the anti-virus otherwise it won't run. I hope SE fixes that. My Anit-virus is AVG. So if anyone else is having trouble and they have the same anti-virus, that might be the reason.Great game!"
