user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,537100,28537470,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ZelosZalis,"Another one of those games that I wish steams' review system had a grey ""neutral"" rating for, because ""It's complicated"" doesn't even begin to discribe how I feel about this release of shuffle. While I am happy to see the day Shuffle is on steam.... god so many issues.This is essentually the Playstation 2 all ages version of shuffle ""On the Stage"" which removed all adult content and added two additional routes (Mayumi and Kareha) as a reason for anyone who owned or played the original to have a reason to buy it.I, like many it seems from what I've read in the other reviews, bought this for those additional routes as its the first time we've had them in offical english (I am specifically a Mayumi fan) and while I am semi satisfied with what I got. This really is a disappointing and inferior game to what we could and should be getting at this point.I am not going to sugarcoat it even as a fan of the series. Shuffle is old, and has a limited appeal to people, yet they are pulling these blundered moves lets examine things:1) The steam version being non-adult.While this isn't a huge surprise, it is a little disappointing in an era where there are ways to provide adult content and not step on people's toes (taking examples of Nekopara, Huniepop, etc) where a one step disconnection from steam allows people to get their adult content and still sell an all ages product which allows neither market to be alienated. It really is getting to a point where there is no acceptable excuse for this and either YumeHeaven or Navel is too lazy to look into these avenues, or does not want to give us the adult content, either one is not something I agree with.2) Giving ""On the Stage"" instead of ""Essence+""The first issue about adult content is annoying but like in the PS2 era from which On the Stage originated, they gave two new routes to compensate it. Essence+ is a shuffle release that came later that also added adult content to said routes. Lets once again not sugar coat things; Shuffle is a game that's 12 years old, Essence+ is 7 years old. Its not a stretch to believe at the very least if they are going to deny people adult content, to atleast give us Essence+'s level of routes and options. So why give us every single mediocre nickel and dime version in between?These companies seem to live in a world where they think people do not research products and are unaware that stuff like Essence+ has existed for many years. Which is frankly insulting if you think we're that stupid, it should have been the definitive release of shuffle cause its likely the only one steam might ever see.3) Weird localization choices.I am not going to go too heavy into this cause its barely a footnote for me, but it has annoyed some people so its worth atleast touching upon. The basic idea of this is the mangagamer script was very well done and established a certain expectation to what things would be called, the YumeHeaven scripts make some completely uneccessary and often bizzare changes. While I can personally survive these changes, its perfectly logical to why some people are very upset.In the end Navel/YumeHeaven you should seriously step up your game because while this sold to people, it seriously was weaksauce and many wont be so eager to jump on the next thing you sell."
,Not Recommended,537100,26961069,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yousagi,"The short of this review is that the Steam release of Shuffle! is plagued by various design issues, and is an inferior version of the game to the original Mangagamer release. If you really enjoy Kareha and Mayumi, it might be worth picking it up. Other than that, there isn't a reason to get this one. Phsyical editions of the original Mangagamer Shuffle are still available on J-list, thankfully, so look to get one of those.If you're looking for a more detailed breakdown, read on.:: About the Steam Release ::This version of Shuffle! is a port and translation of the PS2 All-Ages release called Shuffle! on the stage. The game has 2 new routes compared to the last English version. It's a completely new translation by YumeHaven following Navel terminating their partership with Mangagamer. You can't buy the 18+ edition of Shuffle! anymore. There's not a patch available or anything. This also isn't the best and most complete version of the game: Shuffle! Essence+ has 4 more routes than this version. It's been out for about 7 years now, so people seem a bit annoyed that we're getting this version instead of that one. Although I would've preferred Essence+ to be translated, I'm sure it just wasn't an option. Maybe if the game sells well, we could see Essence+ released stand alone or as a DLC for this game.EDIT:Apparently this version of Shuffle drastically changes the dramatic parts of the original to be more kid friendly. I would wager that it's not because of the western launch they did that though, it's probably just how the game was changed for it's PS2 release. For that reason, I'm going to suggest buying the Mangagamer version instead of the Steam version if possible. You wouldn't just be buying it for the H scenes, you would be buying it for the proper tension and drama.:: Functional Issues ::One of the biggest problems with this game is it's missing features. Functions that you've probably come use to having are just up and missing with this game. The original Shuffle runs in an engine dedicated to Visual Novels, and it definitely shows. You have lots of options, the 'CTRL' key is the default skipping button, you can use your scroll wheel to view the text log, you can change the text speed from a turtle's pace to instant, the transitions are all smooth... Using your noggin, you can probably guess why I'm talking about all the things the original release of Shuffle can do. I mean, the title of this section is ""Functional Issues"", right? Everything I just mentioned is straight up missing in the steam release of Shuffle. Really.You can't skip unread text, and the only way to skip text is through the spacebar button. It's also a toggle, which means there isn't a ""push to skip"" button. If you try to skip to a certain line in text you've already read, you're liable to end up going right past it because you untoggled the skip function too late. No problem, you might say. I'll just return to that line using the text log! Well... You can't. The original Shuffle release doesn't let you rollback the scene either, but this is a completely new version with a completely new engine. Why wasn't this implemented? Want to see the message history using the scroll wheel? Too bad, hope you like hitting the ""H"" key. Also, there isn't a way to hide the text box. Yep, you're stuck with it. Want to see the character art without the dialogue bothering you? The only option is to open the right click menu. Which dims the entire scene and draws a dull looking set of options in front of you, ""Save"", ""Load"", ""Settings"", ""Save and Quit"", and ""Quit"". The last two actually quit to the main menu, despite just being called ""Quit"". Let's talk about the ""Settings"" option though!You only have four options for in game volume control and text speed.Four.As mentioned earlier, none of those four options for the text speed are ""Instant"". Well... That's pretty much it! Thankfully, the settings do allow you to manually turn character voices off and on. Oh, and it also has a kind of worthless resolution mode. At first glace, you might think it's useful. But it's not. All it does is allow you to choose whether you want to have the sky themed border art. If you set the game to one of the 4:3 options, like 800x600, then fullscreen it on a widescreen display, it'll scale properly and just have black borders instead. So, the resolution options do basically nothing unless you want to use it in windowed mode! Which is good, but if that's the case, why can't we just stretch the game window to the size we want? It's not like the border art is real proper art, it's just a texture laid out over the unused portions of the screen.The one good thing I can say about this release is that it has controller support. Definite kudos for that, every Visual Novel release should have controller support. That one good thing does pretty much nothing to cover up the many, many issues this title has though.:: Translation ::This is one of those titles that don't use honorifics for whatever reason. You can hear the characters say them, but they aren't shown in translation. It's jarring. There's no reason to be afraid of honorifics with a game like Shuffle. The vast majority of the playerbase jumping into this title will know what all the honorifics mean. Things like miso soup get mentiioned in the game without a proper explanation, so it's just baffling. The problem is most exemplified in Kareha's route, where Tsubomi calls the main character ""Rin Onii-san"", but the game translates it as ""Handsome"". That's definitely wrong... Even those of us completely unfamiliar with Japanese know that much. ""Big Bro Rin"" doesn't sound natural in English at all, but it wouldn't be an issue to begin with if honorifics were used! It's made even more confusing by the fact that at different points in the game both Kareha and Asa are referred to with ""-Senpai"". For future translations done by YumeHaven, I hope this will change. Other than that, the translation is quite nice. It likes to shy away from Japanese onomatopoeia though. Another good example from Tsubomi is how her ""Kyaa!""s are translated as ""Eeek!""s. Both of these words just feel too different... It's a situation where keeping the original is better. It's not like ""Kyaa!"" means anything, it's just the noise she's making.:: The Two New Routes ::Mayumi and Kareha's routes are nice, but they're short and lack conflict. Mayumi's at least hassomeconflict, but it's nothing like you'd come to expect from the game if you've played the Mangagamer version. Kareha's literally has no conflict. So, if you're looking for drama or an emotional ride, you won't be getting it. I'd suggest buying this one for around $10 on sale if you've played the original Shuffle and liked either Mayumi or Kareha.Myuncomfirmedassumption is that the two new character routes are probably much improved in Essence+. If I do ever get around to playing that version of the game, I'll update this review and point out any differences.:: Conclusion ::If you can buy the Mangagamer version, buy the Mangagamer version. If you play that one and really like Mayumi and Kareha's characters, then good! You've got taste. Feel it out for yourself whether you want to spend the 20 dollars for both of their routes, because that's the only reason to get the steam version as things stand. Best of luck to YumeHaven, and I'm hoping to see more and better releases from them in the future!"
,Not Recommended,537100,26760281,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SayaFag,"I'm not very happy with this release of SHUFFLE!The only reason you should buy this version is to read the Mayumi and Kareha routes if they were a favorite of yours. (Mayumi is mine btw)Now I don't know Steam's full policy on exposure, but I had been hoping that this re-release would be a bit of a best of both worlds. Keeping the PS2 routes and the Essence+ routes while toning them down. Instead of doing that, we get just the PS2 routes and the same riduclously bad censors that the PS2 version had. This game doen't have to be E for everyone you know? The censoring of the girls became too uneeded, almost making the game not make sense. (I.E Primula's wet shirt, Mayumi's collision, Kaede's sewing scene)Though the Essence+ routes weren't great, why were they excluded? If you're trying to make a ultimate release, why not keep all the add-ons? The interface was also tuned down from the original game, making it just volume control basically. I know not everyone has played SHUFFLE! Essence+, but that version exceeds this one inevery single way.tl;dr Find and buy the Mangagamer release of SHUFFLE!, It's a good VN. Here's to hoping somebody translates the Essence+ version, it's superior."
,Not Recommended,537100,31807945,Posted: 17 May,all,Zane_Stoneheart,I wound not recomend this game to anyone as it is an all ages version. There is a lot of content cut out and even a lot of content related the plot of each route.
76561198110848660,Not Recommended,537100,29192788,Posted: 11 January,all,ulttoanova,"It had the potential to be a great game but unfortunately due to content cuts, absurd censorship and several game breaking  bugs it has a lot to improve. I loved what was there but what was missing was to big a part for it to be as good as it should have been. Also several of the tags advertise content completely missing from the game.Edit most of the bugs have been fixed and the other one was due to a wrong setting"
76561198028325917,Not Recommended,537100,26758099,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TamaSaga,"I own the MG version of Shuffle.  Since Mayumi didn't have a route there, I couldn't say no to this one even though I could have waited another few years for Essence to appear.I found out from the Discussions that this is a renamed version of a PS2 game called ""Shuffle: On The Stage.""  This is an all-ages version of the game.  That means that the mature content has been blotted out.  Sometimes in a humorous fashion as scenes where the panty shots are hidden away are done in a way that you end up thinking that the heroine isn't wearing underwear.Then we get to the less humorous aspect of the censorship.  I've just completed Asa's route.  I like the extra scenes.  And the basic idea is the same. But then we find that the dark undertones have been toned down by 90% to make it child friendly. I'll say this right now, they don't use abox cutter.  They use a mysticalnecklacethat sucks magic power?!Even worse, the moments leading up to this scene lack the tension that was in the original.  The character is justfine, you just need to fix asmallproblem.  How small?  Obviously it isn't life threatening if the one in question is up and about the next day.It was originally a serious problem!  They were even hospitalized in the Anime..  The cheery extra scenes hurt more than help in this regard.I was particularly impressed with how the CG is theexact sameas the MG version despite the above changes.  I thought it waslosing magic, why is there blood?.This game is All-Ages, but that means that the most powerful part of the scene has been defanged and you're left wanting as the scene's impact is inconsistent and feels too much like a joke to be taken seriously.I'm afraid to try out the other routes because of this...Gameplay:10 - 20 hours of gameplay depending on reading speed / degree of completion / usage of skip.Traditional visual novel setup where you have 1 common route with choices that branches into different character routes.Unlike Choose-your-own-adventure games, choices do not alter how the common route plays out aside from minor differences to maintain consistency.  This means that you'll end up seeing the same scenes and choices on subsequent playthroughs despite making a completely different first choice on the common route.I should mention that certain choices will reveal hidden scenes where you may be given additional choices.  These hidden scenes are key to unlocking certain heroine routes.  As I said before though, during the common route your choices do not cause the plot to deviate, so when you find a hidden scene, it will return to the common route eventually.The key to finding a route is by picking the right combination of choices.  Thankfully, for those choices where the end result isn't obvious, this novel does provide a clue after each important choice indicating which girl would end up the happiest.  Just gather up as many moments with her as you can.Graphics:This game allows you to set a 1920x1080 resolution, but it's sort of a cop out.  Unlike the title screen, the game itself has the traditional 4:3 aspect ratio of the original.  The rest of the space is filled in with a cloud backdrop on the left and right side of the screen.  Even though you don't get HD CG, I'm okay with this since you can fullscreen without getting distorted sprites on widescreen monitors.  In the MG version, I had to either play windowed or tamper with my graphics card settings to keep the game's 4:3 aspect ratio.This visual novel isn't one of the recent ones, so you'll find that while it is voiced, you won't get the dynamic animation that you would find in NekoPara, Go Go Nippon, or Corona Blossom.Sound:In a recent patch, the music volume has been dialed down so that it doesn't drown out the voices.  The voices still aren't as crisp and clear as I would like though.  I'm not sure if it's because it's a port or the VA's are using a low quality microphone, but it feels like the characters are speaking to you from the other end of the room.Controls:You can use a gamepad to play.  That's nice!  Sorta, you can really only use it to advance and select choices.  But it allows you to sit farther away from the computer while playing.  Maybe even in a reclined pose.A recent patch has greatly improved the playability of the game.  First, the skip key is the [Ctrl] button now.  This may seem weird on the english speaking market, but for those that are familiar with Japanese Light Novels, this is the standard skip key.History can be accessed by scrolling up on your mouse wheel in addition to hitting the ""H"" key.The UI overlay can be hidden with the space key.The config screen of this PS2 port is limited compared to traditional PC VN's. While you do get the standard stuff, a lot of the quality of life options that you would normally get are missing. For instance, there is no option to skip read/unread messages when skipping. And there isn't an option to continue playing voice when mouse clicked to end text layout. Nor is there an option to lay out text instantly at fastest speed.The songs in the sound gallery now loop so you can keep your hands off if you want to hear a song again.  Yay!Language:Japanese Voice.  English text, no honorifics.Translation is okay.  English is fluent and typos are uncommon. I'm tempted to call Nerine's shortened-name, Rina, a typo though.Story:This part is currently incomplete since I am replaying the game. I plan to look for significant differences between this version of the game and the original Shuffle.Most of the changes are generally to fit in the 2 new character routes.  It makes me happy to see Mayumi with more screen time.Some scenes have been expanded and moved around. For instance, observer reactions play a bigger part; it helps with the immersion because now we get glimpses of how the bystanders are reacting.  Some of them are even voiced with choice lines like ""she's like a doll!"".   It's not just the bystanders, the main characters have more moments too.Certain scenes have been removed like that one with the crazy KKKaede fan and its followup.  The ""bodyguards"" are given a brief mention in the text, but without the acting you aren't aware of their true danger...I kinda prefer how the original laid out the routes.In this version of the game, the common route sort of blends into the heroine routes.  While you will unmistakably enter a heroine route, common route events will still occur inside of that route.In the original, this blending didn't happen, once you were on the heroine route the story completely changed.The reason why this even bothers me is because there is an event with Kareha that's basically bugged. This common route event will still happen even when you are on a heroine's route, and if you pick the ""right"" choice, you will find yourself forced out of that heroine's route and into Kareha's.Conclusion:(6/10)- Those that haven't played the game are going to wonder what's so great about it as the serious moments have been turned into bad comedy.- Those that have played the MG version will be disgusted at the 4kids quality, it's-not-blood-it's-ketchup, censoring ruining the message.  For the Mayumi and Kareha fans, still checking the Mayumi and Kareha routes to see if they're worth playing, but I wouldn't buy this to collect it.- With the new patch, in addition to the thoughtfulness of the screen resolution and gamepad input, the game has become comfortable to play."
76561198007850719,Not Recommended,537100,29560442,Posted: 29 January,all,jim866,"Ill start off by saying that i havnt played any of the other versions of this game (so cant comment on them)and that i got this with a random coupon and using steam cash for selling a card from a game I got for free (in short I got it for free) after coming home from the pub, so my expectations weren't that high.This is a multi path branching choice based VN following some pretty standard VN norms of the protagonist being put into a situation where he has a chance at a number of 'good looking gals'.+OK skeleton for the story to hang fromok art for the time of releasegood number of branches-UI is poor (shows this versions console roots)the story has obviously been butchered to fit into 'all ages' and not rewritten with any skill.There are worse VN's out there but I wouldn’t get this unless it was on a 50% (or greater) sale as this is a lazy attempt to try and cash in on the 'cute' market from the publisher. The story has far to many fade to black/white screens and its obvious where huge chunks of the original story has been hacked out just to make it 'all ages' (probably from when in went over to the consoles). There is no skip forward ability which on a multi path vn means you are stuck clicking through long stretches of repeated material. The protagonist is actually more believable than most you’ll find in other VN's and the girls paths are all fairly coherent (if you ignore the gaps in the story) and the supporting characters are good if a little over the top.Its a bit of a shame as I imagine this would have been a very good VN if its 'all ages' conversion had been handled with any skill or tact and if they had but some very basic functionality into the UI"
76561198092712794,Recommended,537100,32748928,Posted: 24 June,all,★♥Kirigirifan57♥★,It's a good visual novel and the anime is good too 8/10.
,Recommended,537100,33391393,Posted: 8 July,all,Ash,"Shuffle! is a charming, quick to medium length traditional visual novel suited for newcomers and veterans of the genre. While i'm no veteran I have played my fair share of the genre and found it to be a very pleasant experience. I would consider myself a quick reader so logging 13 hours in completeing every route and every CG I would say is pretty decent for what I paid. (Bought the game during a sale.) Of course everyone elses mileage may vary because of read speed and/or auto play.As one of the only ways (legally) to get the game now due to the fact Manga Gamer no longer sells the uncensored version on their site it is unfortunate that the version most accessible is not the 'complete' version. However the experience isn't too badly hampered, due to the fact that this is ported from the PS2 version and is pretty polished. And because it's the PS2 version Kareha's and Mayumi's route are also within the game bringing the heroine count to hefty 7, compared to the already healthy 5.And if you are desperate for the adult content for research and compltionist purposes you can find it online pretty easily.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)The game ,although old, still looks very decent. The art has aged very well to other visual novels in my opinion compared to the likes of Clannad.Music wise the tracks are fitting for the mood of the scene and the looping is noticible, but the tracks are good enough to mean that the looping isn't to distracting.Actual route wise getting on a certain girls route isn't particularly hard meaning that for newcomers it's easily accessable and the writing isn't to complex which makes it easy to understand and take in. Furthermore getting a specifc girls route on the first playthough isn't too hard, which is always a plus.The common route is pretty good it introduces the characters pretty well as it provides good characterisation of the heroines and there inner troubles and personalities. It is also pretty humourous to the point of giving a good chuckle which is surprisingly kind of rare for visual novels because while others are humourous you may only smirk.The heroine routes are up and down some routes are really good while some are good. Of course there is a bias on which girls you like more. I found myself liking Nerine's the best, while I have heard people like Primula's the best. So it's all down to personal preference, but all of the routes are all very decent.Inconclusion, Shuffle! is a very good visual novel for those who are looking to start getting into visual novels or those who have read a lot of visual novels and wanting to go back to an older titile. The title has aged very well, due to the good art, music and memorable to story. All the characters a very likable and you will probable pick a best girl before too long. The shorter nature of the visual novel also allows people with less time to enjoy a route relatively quickly. Price per £/$ is'nt the best ,but that's probably what you expect from a visual novel. Getting this on sale is probably the best course of action if you wnt to pick this title up."
76561198006717470,Not Recommended,537100,29598491,Posted: 30 January,all,Dfess,this version of the game is alright. but it isn't mature. don't know why a mature tag is on this game lol. the transitions from one scene to another seems to happen instantaniously so it feels like you acceidently skipped over something when you didn't so you end up reloading just to be sure nothing was skipped. just an annoyance really.i recommend this game to teens and young adults. otherwise just move along.
76561198174053214,Recommended,537100,33068262,Posted: 30 June,all,vicdinnen,"I must admit, at the time of this review I only completed one ending, although I fully intent to go back and play for more endings.This is a fun, light-hearted, goofy visual novel with choices that affect which ending you get.  If you are looking for a serious, thought provoking, feeling-enducing visual novel... this is not that novel (at least from what I got from my experience).  If you are looking for just a fun, comedy-enducing, laid-back visual novel, this fits the bill perfectly.  I won't say anything was extremely good or really stood out, but it was a solid visual novel that produced a good experience.  Mind you, I tend to love this kind of visual novel (goofy, laid-back and just fun), so I may be slightly biased towards it, but it was a good experience.  Also, I have a time of 3.6 hours so far, that was one playthrough, no real pauses, no replays, nothing extra and nothing taken away, one honest playthrough (I'm assuming there's about... 5 endings total, maybe 6 if I'm seeing the achievements right).It's a bit tough to recommend this at full price though, I would wait until a sale for this one (even thought it was a fun and good experience, can't say it was extremely good or anything like that to warrant a full price purchase)."
,Recommended,537100,34543913,Posted: 27 August,all,David GoodEnough,"Ok, so... eh..... The game is far from ""Bad"", its just like the original story and all, but with removed scenes and censored ones... Which is what bothers me, like, way too much to be honest. I know it sounds like I'm a perv or something, but I hate having the censored version of something, it makes me feel like I don't have everything I should be getting. I know, it's weird, but not having the porn part isn't the problem, the problem would be more when they literally censored the bits with panties, which makes it so the text doesn't match the picture anymore! Seriously, I'm at the point where I have the uncensored gallery on the side and look up the pictures to see what they were supposed to be like! It doesn't make the game bad, just annoying to some point. I still recommend this VN, it can be quite funny and the art is pretty, just keep in mind that having the uncensored gallery with you would be a good idea if you want to see everything there is to this VN."
76561198069159152,Recommended,537100,31011363,Posted: 7 April,all,wrb41977,"This game is fun. Fun to play, and really funny. You play as Rin, who is a clueless chick magnet. Literally, two girls transfer into school because he helped them eight years before, and they happen to be the daughters of Kings. One the King of the Gods, the other the King of the Devils. And apparently, he's also being stalked by someone he helped two years prior...It is no wonder every male at the school hates him. (The fact that his parents died about eight or nine years prior and he then went to live with the school idol doesn't help.)I bought this game because I had heard it was a classic and worthwhile one to experience, and it is definitely fun. There apparently might be a more... adult version out there, but it also is supposed to be out-of-print, so..."
76561198017053445,Recommended,537100,30991348,Posted: 6 April,all,Postosuchus,"As is, this Steam version of Shuffle can still be rather easily recommended despite being sourced from a censored variant. One of the main draws of course is the combo of the added Mayumi (a favorite from the anime) and Kareha routes. And indeed, after playing through the surprisingly extensive Mayumi route I'm glad I ignored the naysayers.Shuffle has an endearing quality to it that comes through regardless."
,Recommended,537100,33012097,Posted: 29 June,all,Lagann,"Good visual novel with a number of choices and different routes to go through. However a criticism is that a lot of the scenes seem to be rushed through and leave you expecting at least a few more lines. Overall worth buying though, especially if its on sale."
,Recommended,537100,31663429,Posted: 10 May,all,Lord Sashev,"Hello and welcome to my review of Shuffle! I will guide you through all the good points of the game, the content which you don't receive with this edition, also what is added to this  edition, and is it worth it – if you read the original Visual Novel.The game is like your typical visual novel, in which you go through dialogue with pictures and music (also all the characters except the main one is voiced). You have choices in which you will determine on which Girl Route you will go.The game has many ending and all of them are great. The main reason you will want the game if you played it before, is for Kareha and Mayumi (because they were not there in the original and only on Shuffle! On the Stage for PS2). And I was glad I could play them,because my favourite character is Kareha. The routes are amazing,quite long and enjoying from beginning till end. You will care about the girls and you will want to know their back-story and what happens next.This edition of the game does not include the adult content from the original (meaning the sex scenes) and that's why some scenes skip to the next one like you just pressed forward – but in reality you did not. I think the game is more enjoyable that way,because those scenes were for fan-service and most people could not enjoy the game that much – or for example “i want to see all of those juicy CGI's rather than to read all the thing”. Which is kind of unfortunate because its a great VN and worthy of your time.The only negatives I can say about the game,is the way they translated one of the nicknames of the main girls.I am speaking for Nerine – her nickname is the same as the name of the main character Rin,but they decided to name it Rina, and it sounds awkward and like it does not fit (as you hear the voice actors to refer to her as Rin). And the other one is – at maybe the middle of Kareha route you encounter  someone (I won't spoil) and she refers to Rin as “Rin-onii chan” which is translated to Rin big brother but they decided to translate it to Handsome which was random and  I did not like it, but for some reason they corrected it after a while.Other than that – I say its worth it,because the new routes are amazing they give a good detail and background to those 2 girls which did not have their spotlight in the main game,and its great to see a All ages version which is far superior to the adult version."
,Not Recommended,537100,31889673,Posted: 21 May,all,CB007,"Overall, I can't recommend Shuffle. I haven't seen the anime and I'm not sure how the pacing is in comparison, but this VN is way overloaded with comedy and gags compared to the much less frequent and more interesting moments of drama. There's just not enough substance to make you care about the characters until almost the end of the story. It doesn't help that the surface plot is all about everyone falling overthemselves to be with you, there didn't even really need to be any choices other than pick the girl you want. Top that off with some really cringe uncomfortable moments and this just didn't work for me. The art and music are pretty decent although there are some strange decisions with the interface that makes skipping to reach other branches annoying."
,Recommended,537100,33653208,Posted: 19 July,all,Francis,"If you like a light-hearted rom-com VNs with feelings, I highly recommend Shuffle!As somehow who played the original game years ago, I know exactly what to expect going in.  I know the twists, turns and so forth, I bought this game for the nostalgia factor and the 2 new heroines, and so far I'm really enjoying it.If I have any problems it would be the really abrupt day-to-day transitions that may be jarring for new-comers who know nothing going-in and some kinda incomplete translations wherein the voice plays more what the text say. Because I've completed the original 5 routes and been watching subbed animes for over a decade those aren't too big of a problem for me.If those two issues can be rectified, I'd have no complaint whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,537100,29264206,Posted: 14 January,all,Jambatti,"Well im gonna rewrite my review after finishing the game.How the hell did i get Kareha route, while i was not even paying any attention to her? Looks like route choosing here is just random, without any logic. So i takje back my words about ""good dating sim""."
76561198260205408,Recommended,537100,29618432,Posted: 31 January,all,L.I.D.,"I have played a lot of visuals in my time and this one has to be the best I've ever played the characters stories, the routes it really is a masterpiece."
76561198077791846,Recommended,537100,26961982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,exaccuss,"As someone who has played the Mangagamer version, i was a bit skeptical about playing this. I havent been playing for long, but with the addition of new cg's even in the common route, that was a welcome change. However, i am not fond of the change of names for nerine to rina? What? There is no way to make text appear instantly. The settings page looks very basic like it was put together at the last second. The background music is also way too loud, so had to turn that down to hear the voices properly. I haven't noticed any bugs so far, so i will be updating this review as i progress more in the game. So far i would give it a 6.5/10."
76561198066679370,Recommended,537100,29452509,Posted: 23 January,all,OswalD,"I'm actually impressed, and found the game is addicting. It is not bland at all. The game is better than the anime for sure. However bizarre the story is, it is entertaining, you get choices too, you can pick your own route and woman."
76561198006395100,Recommended,537100,29536665,Posted: 28 January,all,Lavian,"I can't not recommend Shuffle!.It's not physically possible for me.I have no idea if this translation and port are actually good to be perfectly honest.I will say that calling Rin (リン) ""Rina"" is pretty wierd and certainly not a call I would make. I get it (Because Rin (稟) and Rin (リン)), but still, it really should just be ""Rin"". Context and honorifics should handle any potential confusion."
76561198015698875,Recommended,537100,32164516,Posted: 3 June,all,Reaper,"Does the series justice, I only wish it was in english"
76561198028543359,Recommended,537100,28936006,Posted: 2 January,all,Leife,"As someone who doesn't play a lot of this game genre (usually by recommendation), but is an owner of the Playstation 2 version, I was happy to see this port on Steam and experience the game again without hooking up some old hardware.The game's highlight is the stories given to each character as each one is thought out and told very well. It felt each path you chose made you support the couple the whole way. However, the paths are not to difficult to achieve as there are not many choices to make in the game, making gameplay somewhat limited.This game port specifically suffers some translation issues and minor bugs. Players may also notice scenes abruptly cut off or the story being hard transitioned from the removal of adult content of the original game. But the issues may not be noticable to anyone who is introduce to the game for the first time.Overall, Shuffle! is a great game for the type of genre and for its strength: characters and story. It is a game that isn't too suggestive, easy to pick up, and can be introduced to others as a stepping stone to have individuals get into these type of games (as the game did for me)."
76561198085941437,Recommended,537100,30868054,Posted: 31 March,all,sawanoguchi,"BUY the Steam version of Shuffle!Would be sandwiched between Kareha and Tsubomi again. >.<10/10No, really. If you are like most folks on Steam, you have looked at the discussions for Shuffle, and you have seen the mixed review sign. People get all bent out of shape for this VN not being the Essence + version or this not being the old MangaGamer version.Ignore that♥♥♥♥♥♥First of all, I can assure you that this otaku and long-time fan of anything anime has played many, many visual novels. Shuffle is one of the very best. The way the choices made in the game lead to the different waifus is not necessarily logical, but trust me when I say it makes more sense than the sequels (Tick! Tack! and Really? Really?!). The real value here is in the character development and excellent voice acting. The story is actually light-hearted and fun. And the hero is a genuinely likeable guy instead of someone that might not actually deserve a girlfriend.Second of all, since I am a natural-born citizen of the United States, I can say that I am an American. (And unlike a certain ex-president of the United States, there is no question about the authenticity of my birth certificate.) Therefore, I understand this  whole matter of censorship and why people hate it. I have played MORE than my share of eroge downloaded from sites like MangaGamer and J-List. And while I do heartily recommend that people give those sites business, I must say that Shuffle! does not need erotic content to be a VERY good VN. It has unexpected plot twists, great dialogue, and even seperate references to Mephistopheles and the Vestibule of Hell. (Those are from Dante's Inferno...this story is about gods and demons living on Earth, after all...even if the Japanese version of Kami-san is a bit different from the traditional Judeo-Christian version.)Thirdly, the ""On The Stage"" (Steam) version of Shuffle features two VERY good endings to the game: Mayumi and Kareha-sempai. They are worth experiencing. This whole VN is worth experiencing...but since I played the MangaGamer version of this VN over 40 hours, I was quite happy to experience Kareha's and Mayumi's endings.Experience the roller coaster of emotions that is Shuffle! You are in for a treat.Edit: I did actually play the Asa-senpai route. It was great. It kept the spirit of the original VN without the explicit violence of the original version.The Steam version of the VN implied that Rin might have died if Asa didn't take action. I mean, do we really need Rin actively committing suicide for him to appear to be brave?"
76561198142407852,Recommended,537100,28131585,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ye Xiu,"Alright, now I'm sure you see all these bad reviews and are starting to wonder if it is truly worth it.I personally enjoyed this a lot and is currently my favorite VN, however before this game I did not know about any of it's prodeccesors.If you don't mind having no H scenes and want this for the story I wholeheartedly reccomend this.Otherwise I would say wait for something like the winter sale to come around and then you should definitely buy it."
,Recommended,537100,28926739,Posted: 1 January,all,Phoenix Wright,i love this game actually big fan of anime and the story is very touching
76561197983611285,Recommended,537100,28212030,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,IronWarrior,"One of the best VN's that available on Steam and a must play for any fan of VN's.Story, music, art and characters are all well done and the game is fun to play.Game details, screenshot fuction works unlike many other VN's on Steam! Always a big thing for me, there is one or two problems in the game itself, but an update is coming along that will fix that! So nothing to worry about!"
76561198000735387,Recommended,537100,28211708,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ragnawind,"I loved the anime and decided to try this, since it was only $20 compared to the old MangaGamer $40 version. It isn't nearly as bad as many of the 18+ fans claim. It still makes for a great story, even without the AO-rated content. The missing routes are fine, also, considering this was a port of the PS2 version that didn't have the others to begin with. They also aren't really needed, but they can potentially be released later, but that would likely depend on if this version sells enough to warrant it. There do seem to be a few bugs, but that is acceptable, since there aren't that many and they can be patched in the future."
,Recommended,537100,27257205,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ACE,It was about time!!!
,Recommended,537100,27541933,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NotKanye,It's a clasic... I don't think I need to say more....
76561198141940257,Recommended,537100,28231947,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,King Butter,I love this gameHuge fan of the anime You should get it
76561198381381239,Recommended,537100,34505899,Posted: 26 August,all,I Love Bellona,"I honestly did not expect to like this game. I started off playing it as a joke. 30 hours later, I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I have nothing left to do in the Shuffle universe. I absolutely recommend this game if you want a simple, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, romance that doesn't make you cry. Cause you know, not every single dating sim has to make you cry. It can just make you happy."
