user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198069259556,Not Recommended,537990,28559896,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Anonymous,"Please note this review was written for the game at RELEASE DATE and wasn't updated since.The Dev has fixed many (though not all) of the weak points I have listed, so perhaps read some more recent reviews if you are looking to buy.---There seems like no detailed English review yet so here it goes.Music and CG are really great, story is good enough, but those just do not matter that much when it's a side-scroll ACT game having bad (polite way) gameplay to start with.I have played 4 hours to reach chapter 1.3. and here are some facts:1. At release this game has only 1 episode, with 1 playable character, though developers said they will add free DLC later.2. Really bad character control missing a lot of side-scroll ACT basics. 2nd jump only allowed after a normal jump but not after a dash jump. Cannot change direction during a dash jump. Very short invincible time with nearly no knockback after getting hit so you are likely to get hit again. Cannot look down before jumping. Hitbox also feels a lot wierd.3. Boring early game. In the first 3~4 hours you will have no weapon skills, no combo other than normal hits, no equipment slots, high-hp boss fights with repetitive patterns, and all these with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ character control described in ""2"" above. I know many of these will be better in later games but it's already too late when many players got bored and quited.4. Somewhat not user friendly. Fast skip conversation key ""Ctrl"" not in help menu. Some long 4-min music drama that can be summarised in 2 lines but cannot be skipped. Not always have clear objective notes or signs and I was once stuck for 5 mins following a wrong mark on map. Not always have save points right before boss fights.5. Possibly too difficult, for people haven't played much side-scrolling ACT games. No difficulty setting.I really wanted to love the game but somehow end up requesting a refund, and I may not actually get it since I have 4 hours playtime. If that's the case I think I will finish the game anyway, and may adjust comments if they are inappropriate after that."
76561198160868511,Recommended,537990,29661068,Posted: 2 February,all,Strayed Lynx,"An excellent action RPG that places great emphasys on story telling.-The artstyle and visual aspects are top notch,thanks to gorgeous backgrounds,detailed character sprites and beautiful CG that depict the events of the game's story.-The sound department is very good as well,the game's music does a great job at complenting it's lush visuals.-The gameplay is good as well,the character progression customization aspects are very nice and the bossfights are spectacular,thanks to their fantastic visuals and solid mechanicanics.-The characters and their interactions are very well written and will make you feel involved with the game's story and universe."
76561198007324150,Recommended,537990,28563797,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ap3741,"Heroine Anthem Zero is a 2D-sidescrolling ARPG.  I tried hard to like the game and to support TW developers, and its evident they have put in alot of work:- Music is fantastic.- Artwork is aesthetically pleasing.- Plot is interesting loosely based on Norse mythology, with humorous dialogues (I played in traditional chinese, not sure if any humor is lost in translation).  English translation, from the limited amount I've seen, is also well done with no glaring mistakes.However, outside of production values, the core game is unfortunately quite bland and inferior to other competitors in the genre.- Unable to rebind keys.  The default setup is functional but awkward.  Not sure why an ARPG in 2016 would not allow key rebinding.- Unable to change game resolution.- Poor animation.  When your wall jump animation is just the standing character sticking to the wall and looks rediculous when you do it multiple times to scale a wall.- Poor mechanics.  Or lack thereof.  No blocking, rolling or  parrying.  No crouching, or sliding, or anything that you may find in any decent platformer.  No attack combos.  Only 1 special attack for your companion fairy and slots for passives.- No feel/soul.  Your attacks have no weight.  You wave your sword around like a fly swatter.  There is no pause in attack animation or zoom-in to represent weight or impact.  No flashing damage numbers, no boss health bars, nothing. This is basic game design, yet somehow escaped developer's memo.  Combat is made even worse by the terrible sound effects.  Yes the music is fantastic, but the sound effects are terrible.   There are better sound assets found in RPGmaker.- Voice acting in Chinese is very lifeless.  Thankfully you can switch to Japanese.- If you skip a pre-boss cutscene, the boss can hit you before you regain control of the character.Ultimately, I'm going to recommend the game becuase at its price point, what you do get is good music, decent story, sometimes funny dialogue, some fan service (the game is 18+ but mild), and serviceable (albeit uninspired) gameplay.For fans of this genre, I would first take a looke ar Rabi-rabi and Salt & Sanctuary before I consider this title."
76561198024660975,Recommended,537990,32433303,Posted: 15 June,all,DragoonX01,"First off, a general warning, this game is short. If you're looking for something that is going to take more than 10 hours to beat, this is not that game.Herone Anthem Zero isa  beautiful 2D-sidescrolling RPG. The story is wrapped in Norse mythology, so if that's something you enjoy, you'll like this. I'm not going to make long paragraphs for this so instead I'll just list out what I think are it's pros and cons below.Pros:- Beautiful art in both cinematics and in game- Good story- Good music- Good chharacter designs / developmentCons:- ShortHope you pick it up, it's worth a play."
,Recommended,537990,28856107,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,B267X,"If you are look for story and humor, I would recommed it; it's so funny and have great story. However, if you are look for arpg, you may be disappear or become bored at being of story with few attack and moves until yget more items and fighting become bit better as you move on. I am enjoying the story but I kind of wish they could work on fight more. I hope they will realse Heroine Anthem 1&2 in English soon."
,Recommended,537990,30321909,Posted: 4 March,all,Punished Seni,"A great ARPG, with quite an heavy emphasis on the story, whose main features are the music and the artwork, while the gameplay works nicely, but it's nothing that special at this point and certainly has its fair share of flaws (some bosses are complete damage sponges, there are an awful lot of instant death pits).Like previously said, the departments where this game truly shines are with the artwork and the music, something of which it has quite alot of (just the introductory cutscenes alone were enough for my controller to auto-turnoff).While certainly not for some people, if you're into story-driven games then this one is definitely worth the time."
,Recommended,537990,29579272,Posted: 29 January,all,Fianna Snow,"When you play Heroine Anthem, you can taste different elements which a great RPG should own: Awesome music, Beautiful scenery, Well acted voice and good plots. Heroine Anthem tells us a story of sacrifice and an ancient legend of the world tree. I firmly believe that we can see a touching ending of the story."
,Recommended,537990,29331109,Posted: 17 January,all,malach re,"In the first 2 hours there was maybe 10 minutes of gameplay. Strangely I'm ok with that. The world building and character development are top notch. The humor is great and the art is amazing.This game plays almost like a visual novel, with the gameplay serving as short interludes between cut scenes.If you are looking for a story rich experience with lovable characters, this is a great ""game"".If you want more gameplay this may not be the game for you.Some of the jokes and outfits... omg."
76561198049537450,Recommended,537990,29330940,Posted: 17 January,all,nascode,"(At the time this review was written, only ep 1 is available. Dev promises to add more episodes later)Reading other reviews makes me want to write one too, since i think this game deserves better appreciation from its player.When someone played a game and wish to tell his/her friends on how good the game is, usually he/she will focus on good quality on the game first. Sometimes, the great thing is about gameplay, story, graphic, or audio. Game is unique media which can mix all those things! It's hard for games to excel on all of those at once obviously.So, IMO, here are my take on this game sorted from the best:Story: A+Yes, storytelling is the strength of this game, without a doubt.First, the characterization has been done really well. Plot characters show unique trait and emotion. Suddenly, you will care more about them. Plus, voiceover really helps deliver the feel. Majority of NPCS on the village have some defining thing on them, even some of the generic ones gets personal treatment.The world building is interesting. Norse mythology is a popular basis for game story, and yet HAZ can add twists on that myth. We only got 1 village to visit in episode 1, but oh boy, i can *really* feels the environment, the culture, and the people! So many places yet unseen, i hope more cities/civilization appears on the future.There are a LOT of story cutscenes. But, don't worry, dev did their best on those. Albeit for me some are too long, i feel like watching anime instead of a game. Maybe dev can balance it with more gameplay for future episode? Some people may be less patient than me, so i think skip button should always enabled all the time. For players who doesnt like to read, you have been warned.Some of the cutscenes are about lore of the game. HAZ has amazing way to telling lores, even i kept a savepoint just before lore cutscene on tavern so that i can replay it quickly. I suggest dev adding ""movie feature"" for important cutscenes like those, so player can replay those easily.Lastly, there is humor! Love it when weird thing happens (pst.. loves that muscle couple!). Some dialogues are breaking the 4th wall, and those are hillarious.As for Mormo (the faery). She is cute at first, but really got anger management issue. At first half of the game, she feels really annoying. But after second half, i feel she is better balanced as a compainion for protagonits.Well, the game's writers should be proud!Audio: A+The audio team brilliantly deliver pleasant music for HAZ. Insta buy for OST DLC for me!BGM and Voiceover truly helps the story and visual to evoke more emotion. NPCs feel much more alive. Just look at the trailer for sample of the music.For the best experience, i suggest player to switch voiceover into Japanese language. IMO quality of japanese vo is better than china.I think the quality of the audio is on similar scale with bigger budget RPG Games. You will not get dissapointed in this department.Visual: AUpon entering the game, soon you will realize how top notch the quality of visual in HAZ. To truly enjoy the visuals, try to look at the game as a mix of Japanese visual novel and adventure instead of ARPG.Illustrations were drawn wonderfully. And dev is quite generous by showing many illustrations even on episode 1. I hope we can download it somewhere? Free DLC perhaps?Gameplay visual is still good, but can be improved, especially to improve those close up cutscene who still shows jagged 2D art. Environment placing is a bit repetitive for me, so hopefully dev can add more variation.On Animation, 2D skeletal animation makes animation smooth with better game performance than sprite anim. I like how 2D side scrolling genre moves to use this kind of animation technique. However, something can be improved. There are some animations which feel too much like puppety.This game has slightly ecchi parts, and some of the illustrations reminds me of H visual novel game, which i dont fond with. Sure it help to show the ""barbaric"" nature of vikings, but i think it's just there to attract young males. I think HAZE can be delivered without those. It's just my opinion though.Overall, kudos for the artists!Gameplay: B-Exploration mechanic is good. By exploration, i mean the part where you talk with NPCS and moving on village. You can kick on animals and small enemies, which is funny. Dont worry, the animals will respawn.However, the ARPG mechanic (battling and platforming) is decent at best. It is just not the game's main strength. The newest patch and future DLC should make the game better and much more fun to play. For example, on episode 1 we can see some features that is not used yet like mini quest. I think mini quest can improve the balance with cutscenes.I have many suggestion for this part:Maps is quite large so player can easily lost. I suggest adding minimap HUD and ability to peek up/dowm/left/right to minimize ""leap of faith""I think quick move option between map as a service from our furry friend, is easily missable by players, can we improve it?Motivation for grinding is good to keep gameplay oriented player entertained. Buying better equipment is actually one of those, but we can have some more mechanic. Since we dont have player level, how about if we can have weapon level/evolution. Crafting option is another alternative too.Triggered skill like those korean MMO. Well, Mormo should work harder.Monster arena for those blood-thirsty hardcore player. E.g just reuse the boss fight with 2x hp and 2x defense for a chance to get legendary items.PC ""master race"" gamer always looking for game customization like remapping keyboard, remapping joystick, disable effects, change resolution, etc. Those are still missing on the game. The fact that HAZ is made using Unity should help to ease adding more game customization. But the engine actually doesnt make great game, the dev does.SummaryIn summary, i encourage this game for those gamer who can appreciate story. Especially those who love adventure or visual novel genre. Sure you will need to train your game reflexes, likely when platformer jumping and battling bosses. But it's a great start to taste ARPG. On this price, you will get great value buying this game.Great game! Thank you for the developers, i thoroughly enjoying my playtime with HAZ. Waiting for next episodes patiently!"
,Recommended,537990,28645067,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rysta Moryskie,"alright... it's not patch 1.1 yet, but patch 1.0.1.0 is good enough to edit some information.since the developer said ""Action-hungry gamers beware! The core of this game is the storytelling"" so I'm not gonna mess with that anymore because it's thier way to present the game.__________________________________ok. if you don't mind what I'm about to say, there's no reason not to buy this game. otherwise please consider about the review, and I'm not gonna compare this game with odin sphere or muramasa either.__________________________________this game has really beautiful visual and musicbut if you play for the first time, there is no way to speed up or skip the cutscene.the game will tell you the story very.. very.... slow.......  ( I reach the 2nd chapter on the 4th hour )Hell, I means you can go to make a meal for your family then come back and you still able to catch up with the story.I guess the developer are extremely proud with the art and they don't want you to miss it.and you better not miss it because there's no CG gallery mode ( at least not yet... )once you missed, you have to load the save file again to see that event...I'm not gonna lie, it is really beautiful but the slow storytelling cutscene might turn some people off.the length of the cutscene might be... err.. 1 - 3 songs of the mp3 files maybe ?but if you like this kind of stuff then go grab some snack, while watching the cutscene, please spare one of your hand for pressing the button and another hand for...... snack....of course....__________________________________the combat is very standard, only D-pad + 3 buttons( attack / jump / support... So the combat should be easy... right ?  )yep, since patch 1.0.1.0 everything is much better now especially the support attack and the movement thanks to the developer.if you are a new player what you gonna fight is not the enemy, but you gonna fight with yourself because the platforming might need some time to get used to,but don't worry you will be a professional of parkour in no time because bosses in this game will teach you about platforming, and you need to get good about parkour as fast as you can because, over 50% (in mid-game to late-game section) you gonna die from environmental hazard like getting 1 hit kill from spike, getting knocked off the cliff because the flying enemy is blocking your way even worse... leap of faith.... ( you know ? the moment that you jump from the high place and have no idea where you gonna land... )other than that you might die from the F*****G enemy with the modern warfare camouflage technology that will attack you from blind spot, or off-screen attacktalk about the enemy, they don't quite challenge at all ( if you fight with them in safe environment )these enemies will do contact damage to you just by touching, which means most of them will go straight toward to you just for the lovely skinship, or they are there just for blocking your way.you might see alot of the enemies type in this game, but trust me the attack pattern are the same. ( expect for the boss )but the way the developer place the enemies ( in some area ) is pretty smart to be honest... it's like the ambush or death trap that able to drain a massive of your HP instantly when you didn't look carefully ( if you have a problem about seeing color just like my cousin, you might have a hard time fighting the enemies with modern warfare camouflage )about the Boss fight... it's a Side-Scrolling Platform ( using D-pad and 3 buttons ) you only need to remember the boss attack pattern... and that's it, just like the other game...__________________________________they said ""curiosity killed the cat"" but I said ""exploration killed the player""it's always good to find the treasure because you will unlock new weapons from finding the secret (and you really need it to fight with the boss), but a little bit of the mistake might result death in the end, especially when the save point is very far, it might make you think ""should I go into that pit ?"" or ""Hell no... f**k those spike""so... the moment like this will happen a lotRisk your life for the treasure chest and get.... 2 coins....Risk your life for the treasure chest but die on the way outRisk your life for the treasure chest >> get back to the save point >> go to another treasure chest >> repeat__________________________________well... there are a lot to tell about this game but I'm sure another user might already said it.read the review and watch the video on youtube before you buy.but for me... Hell yeah, I like getting skinship from the enemy so I'm down with it.and thumbs up to the developer for listen to the community, they are really work hard for this..."
,Recommended,537990,30749691,Posted: 26 March,all,ranwang777,"graphics and music are stunning good. the second boss is kinda too difficult, but with fun."
76561198028204613,Recommended,537990,28967139,Posted: 2 January,all,Geist,My initial impression is good. Keep in mind I have waited over a decade to play a Heroine Anthem game in English. However this is not the one I expected. The main draw here is the artwork and music. They both stand out immediately. Even on my potato it looks and runs well. The story takes place in a Scandinavian type world. So expect to see lots of Vikings and stuff. You have the choice of Mandarin and Japanese VO. The action while not the ground breaking is adequate. It's no Dragon's Crown or anything. The main character kinda reminds me of Alundra now that I think about it. I see that the developer is steadily updating the game. Hopefully they notice that the interest is there for more Heroine Anthem! Really hoping to see the Mermaid I dreamed about all those years ago.
76561198111315455,Recommended,537990,30830034,Posted: 30 March,all,gkmars,A good small light Action RPG game.   Some dialogues are pretty funny.
,Recommended,537990,28907665,Posted: 1 January,all,Kill Me Please,"Alright this is my first review but here it goes.The art and story are very well done. The characters are well done as well.The game itself is very enjoyable, however...Its short. Short enough to finish in a couple of hours."
76561198083058607,Recommended,537990,31330375,Posted: 23 April,all,[          ],this was a good game i may have spent 6 hours fighting some type of optional boss but it was good but way too short was hoping for a longer gamenow i will list some pros and conspros-very good art work-good voice acting at least for the japanese dub because the original voice acting sucks for some reason-fun at certain parts (my favorite part was mostly at the begining)-lots of jumping puzzles and other puzzles(at like the last part seriously this game is short)-mashing attack button is fun(but is tedious after a long time)-most music is really good-you will get lost in the world around you it is very imersive for me (maybe i just dream of being some type of warrior killing tons and tons of things)-bosses are best part in my opinion(other parts are bland and repetitive)cons-ending really c**k blocked me you know like all that work for a really crap endthe main char dies in a really random moment just as you beat the boss making no sense at all boss wasnt even that challenging at least for me i beat it with the second last of the 4 swords you can buy and with basic armor and there was armor that was like 5 times better in the shop-animation is janky and some bosses are kinda bulls*** with un dodgeable moves-most bosses were too easy maybe it was because i spent 6 hours beating what i asume is a boss your supposed to come back to later on therefore learning all the controls but after that fight i never felt even a tinge of challenge in other bosses really that boss was the best one and makes me think the rest of the game is crap other than the it final boss was good too-as someone who understands both chinese and japanese(can speak with both fluently) the english sub was kinda ok at best-defaults to chinese audio which is bad(highly suggest you put it to japanese)-cutsences are way too long and slow luckly there is a skip-very very short if i sped through i could beat it in under 1.5 hours(also if you skip cutscenes it would probably be an hour if you really really did everything quickly)-some music i find is weird and doesnt sound good but thats just meoverall i would say was worth my 14 canadian dollars and i would play it agian it was a good time(in general at least)here's my rating7.5/10 story(ending was really bad if i excluded that it would be a 9)9.5/10 artwork(was mesmerizing)8/10 gameplay(was pretty enjoyable)9/10 value7/10 voice acting(chinese was terrible 9 for jap only)8.2/10 overall nothing to obsess over
,Recommended,537990,28592041,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rezard,"Anthem zero is a 2D action rpg like muramasa ect, but the comparison stop here. I will say it straight , there's some factor in the gameplay that make this part kinda bad. For exemple the character hitbox is a big rectangle  so in other words it's broken.next the lack of variations for attacks is disapointing  there's only one combo attack.Also the total lack of option (no resolution support ect) (press alt+enter for full screen) is kinda mehNext the difficulty,   regular ennemy are very easy (at least for most). In the other hand boss battle are hard (thanks to the broken hitbox) some attacks are nearly impossible to telegraphs and they require a lot of retry + patern memorisation. Yes this game is hard an getting ourselves in the equation down bellow is a very common factor. Personnaly i love that, but some will hate it.The story is good , not exceptional but pleasant to follow. Characters are fun (well not all but still...) can't tell much here i'm so bad at explaining story stuff.The translation ..well for this part i'm playing with the french translation... so.. but i think the english localization is very solid, since the french translation is very very good , and the jokes are (i think) intact , especialy the one with sexual connotation. I really bet the english translation follow the same rule.The visuals are good , not perfect but good. I have nothing to say about the characters arts i like thems. As for game itself because of the resolution. there's some inegality in some background and foreground textures.The soundtrack is awesome... well not all music but... damn kudo to the tavern music.For me this is a good game , not for is gameplay but for is overall atmosphere. But keep in mind that this game will bring nothing but disapointement If you are excepting to play muramasa X odin sphere V2"
,Recommended,537990,31071885,Posted: 10 April,all,Atma,"Otimos gráficos, realmente lindos. Otimo soundtrack, personagens carismáticos e história interessante, com forte influência nordica. Recomendo. Se possivel, compre com o soundtrack e o artwork, que são incriveis!"
,Recommended,537990,35466019,Posted: 4 October,all,SoulEchelon,"There's thieving neko in this game. Instant 10/10 for me.But fiiiine I'll write a review. Especially since it seems there are a large number of old reviews that condemn the game for old problems it had, which it now currently doesn't. But before I continue....This is NOT a combat-focused game. Yes, there's combat. Tons of it later on. Big gigantic boss things too. But the main focus is the story.This game is not finished. This is only Episode 1, and the next Episode is currently in development.If neither of those sway you away from this game, read on!1. Story- I start out with story for Heroine Anthem Zero because it's really its bread and butter. While there is a hefty amount of combat - especially later on - the main draw to this game should be its story. Immediately, you're flung into a viking-esque world where the protagonist is a rambunctious, foolhardy young lad always itching for adventure. During the course of the game you slowly but surely learn of the world's plight, and how Wanin - the protagonist - isn't the only person with a life, nor is he even the center of this world's narrative. You may control him, see through his eyes and aid him in his adventure, but you learn other important characters are going on their own adventures, while others have already finished, or are currently continuing theirs. This makes the world feel alive, and makes you question constantly what untold adventures are going on while you're undergoing Wanin's.2. Atmosphere- I love it. As stated earlier, the world really feels alive. There are many, many characters in this game that have zero to do with the current narrative, yet are given personalities and connections to other people or places. Throughout the story you can feel how extremely amicable people are to each other, since most characters you meet live in the same close-knit community. You really feel the love, admiration, and in one instance, condemnation. If this particular world wasn't teetering on the edge of doom, I would love to visit it in real life if it were possible.3. Graphics- If you're into hand-drawn worlds filled with color and atmosphere with a huge bucket of anime paint flung onto the canvas, you're in for a treat. It's quite the beautiful game, and I did find myself pausing for a few moments to check out the scenery - especially the backgrounds. There are also a pretty good amount of scrolling portraits that help punctuate certain events in the game. Usually these are pretty fan service-y....not that I mind that of course!4. Gameplay- Okay, so this is the zone of contention for many of the older reviews. I don't know what was all ""broken"" at the time of said reviews, so I'll simply go with what I do know, and my own experience.As stated, this game is heavily reliant on story, so you will find yourself listening or reading conversations almost constantly - especially during the beginning of the game. It's practically a light novel where you run back and forth throughout the main town talking to people. I personally didn't mind this, but if you just want non-stop combat, then this might not be the game for you.When combat DOES kick in, it's initially pretty basic. You gain new abilities either through progressing the story, or by obtaining new weapons. Enemies can sometimes drop an item that makes your basic attack stronger, and can stack up to 3 times. If you get hit by a powerful attack however, you can lose those stacks. Keeping it at 3 stacks is quite important, as you'll do far more damage. This promotes skillful gameplay. You'll always want to look before you leap.You're also given a little fae friend that can do damage and stun enemies in a line before you. In fact, if you've ever played Dust: An Elysian Tail, then she's basically a barebones Fidget.There are a few things I do want to point out, after reading one of the older negative reviews:1. You CAN double jump after a dash.2. You're able to control your movement after a jump. You can even turn on a dime in mid air.3. Invulnerability frames are a thing after being hit. You have about maybe 2-3 seconds worth of it.4. There are 2 difficulties. Standard and Simple.I may add more here if I read more reviews that are contradictory to my more recent playthrough of the game.Sound and Music- There is no english dub for this game. Only Mandarin and Japanese. I chose Japanese myself, and everyone sounded pretty good. Mormolia, your fae friend, is my least favorite voice-wise as she seems to be always screaming since Wanin is constantly annoying her. I got used to it though.Music wise, well there's not alot to be said - which isn't a bad thing. The music in general is very elegant, and fits perfectly with what is happening ingame. It hits every point on the spectrum - from adventure-y determined highs to haunting melodies to happy-go-lucky tungfoolery to tense action. While it's nothing incredible, it's not at all bad either and does the job perfectly.Animation- This could be hit or miss depending on one's opinion. Enemies in general, especially bosses, have pretty awesome animations, while more humanoid characters do tend to look a little off in their movements. It's kind of stilted, yet loose at the same time. This is due to the way the devs animated this game. Each character is made up of body parts that have joints connecting them. This means that the animations between movements aren't actually drawn. They instead move these characters' joints. This saves alot of time of course, and gives the game its own style. But at the same time, it does make movement between characters rather odd.The Negatives1, There needs to be a portrait gallery. For real, there are too many beautifully drawn portraits - both fan service-y and awe-inspiring - that should be easily seen at any time after you've beaten the game. Can't just take pictures either, as these portraits scroll during these scenes, thus a simple Steam snapshot won't do it justice.2. There's an odd glitch that happens after you've reloaded a game. Your ATK is reduced to 0. This is easily fixed by re-equipping your chosen weapon, but it's a bit of an annoyance. I didn't even realize I was glitched out for quite awhile until finally I got fed up with having to smack bats 5 or so times to kill them. I checked my profile and bam - 0 ATK.3. The spider venom. For real, that stuff is a bit too powerful. It reduces your hp to 1 almost instantly, and if you panic-heal yourself, it'll just re-reduce it down to 1 all over again. There's an antivenom item, but you're still more than likely going to need to heal if you get hit regardless. The poison effect should've been gradual and not instant. Luckily, it's easy to dodge.4. The ending is the biggest freakincliffhangerever. Luckily the story will eventually continue, as part 2 of this game is currently in the works.5. It's short. Very short. I beat it in two sittings and even had time to do a bit of money-farming to get ready for what I thought was just another boss battle. Speaking of - the final boss battle. While the fight was interesting and had some challenge, the thing you fought comes kind of out of left field. With a game so heavily reliant on story, there was no real build up to this final boss. It just appears, and Wanin states what it is. Story-wise it was kind of a let down, however the ending certainly threw me through a loop. Was not expecting the aftermath of that battle (though I wasn't surprised at something else that happens. Of course, I won't say what.)OverallI greatly enjoyed this game, and can't wait for Episode 2. However, would I buy this game full price? That...I'm unsure. It's a very short game, and in the end, there are tons of loose ends. I suggest either waiting for a sale, or wait until Episode 2 comes out so you can immediately continue the story after beating Episode 1."
76561198253401190,Recommended,537990,29107847,Posted: 7 January,all,pluto,Having never played a Heroine anthem series before I personally ENJOYED this game. Found it rather short looking forward chapter!
,Recommended,537990,28858578,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GunGuitarist,The music in this game is absolutely wonderful.
76561198032007565,Not Recommended,537990,30695225,Posted: 23 March,all,vasxazard,"This game... It tricks you. It has some endearing characters and fun moments, but it's just way too short. There are about 2 hours if that of repetitive gameplay, and noticibly unincorperated gameplay elements. If you're looking for a short fun romp and can sit through some unskippable cutscenes and character dialogue go for it, but don't get this game for the actual game part. It's short, and sadly not worth the money it currently is priced at. I'd wait for an update that adds more gameplay, because as it is not, it is very unfinished. I give this game a very generous 6/10.In short, only 2 hours of game play... Fun characters and story, not worth the price tag though for an unfinished game."
76561198043263446,Recommended,537990,28552573,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Crazycrackninja,This game is very stunning and beautiful with amazing storytelling
76561197999944131,Recommended,537990,32495435,Posted: 16 June,all,Fishy,Amazing artwork and soundtrackStory pretty goodLacks variety of gameplayOverall: 7.5/10
76561198096844323,Recommended,537990,32598031,Posted: 20 June,all,Zhe Ulrik,pretty good /: Gotta love the soundtrack
76561198100816126,Recommended,537990,29128562,Posted: 8 January,all,Endness_L,"Amazing game, I want to see the rest already.Ive beaten the game once (without and patches).Then I beaten the game twice (with Patches).first time it was hell, but second time through was super easy."
,Not Recommended,537990,28700655,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,10e,"Simple controls as a 2D RPG, and the game designers put some effort into the artistic touches (good Asian-style graphics and cutscene illustrations, background design and soundtrack suits the atmosphere).The story is, however, very slow to unfold and when it does it is conveyed as a little too complicated.. As it is relayed via cutscenes throughout the whole game, I feel like I spend about 1/4 of play time just sitting through cutscenes that aren't even animated, just slideshows of illustrations. The game itself isn't very long at all, and the player never really gets to experience the plot or get into character customization other than a couple of weapon upgrades.Overall disappointing game, even if it is a translated indie, possibly because I paid for it...Looks like a sequel is bound to be released (if they decide to translate and release on Steam) but prob not down to spend money to check it out."
76561198161281607,Recommended,537990,29181424,Posted: 11 January,all,kengcapo,I really like The Concept.unfortunately  Spine Animation is below my Standard.  keep going.
76561198076006145,Recommended,537990,32720977,Posted: 24 June,all,大咸狼湿,""" FREE GAME FOR BUYING CG AND MUSIC ""was about the same for the last two in this serie. which was... 13 years ago ?maybe even better !"
,Not Recommended,537990,28568767,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,THE SCHOOL STARTED!,"Compare to Odin Sphere, Heroine Anthem is far from it.Although this game does have beautiful music and graphic, it has a shameful combat system.The on screen tourial does not contain controller description."
76561198137556609,Not Recommended,537990,32599988,Posted: 20 June,all,James Tatsumi,"There's just not enough of a game here. Too short, too few customizations, too pricey.Don't let the graphics fool you, and skip this one."
76561198211473601,Recommended,537990,30796252,Posted: 28 March,all,zup,NICE GAME
76561198279755731,Not Recommended,537990,28787093,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,zhangchi2007,Only One Charpter........♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198153828960,Not Recommended,537990,29413815,Posted: 21 January,all,ninjaman1234,its way to slow for meIt works great but its not what I went in a acton rpg game
76561198033195024,Not Recommended,537990,28552102,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,NICOTENDO,the character's collision is suck!
