user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198189535383,Recommended,538100,32466795,Posted: 16 June,all,Purpulear the Imp,"As a fan of of survival games of all kinds. Such as Minecraft, Terraria, and Don't Starve. The trailer really caught my attention. The building mechanics work alot like Don't Starve in a way, and even the perspective. And it seems to have taken elements from Terraria as well. However the concept and game itself is really interesting.The idea of being completly snow based really adds alot of charm and orignallity to the game. Tho I do recommend to the devs that they should add a bit more out into the wilderness, like broken down houses or really anything. Its looking pretty dull in some areas.The combat can be a bit confusing a tricky only being able to attack in 4 directions. Making bows pretty usless. I recommend adding the ability to attack diagonally, and add make it have 8 directions to fight from. And maybe for bows add the ability to just have the arrow shoot at where you pointed the mouse, and make the arrows just a tad more expensive to craft?I do really like how you don't loose anything upon death. Otherwise the game would be very hard and mostly unfun. So props :GDEasy:The price is very much worth the game. And im sure will very much will be more after updates."
76561197967741092,Not Recommended,538100,34985804,Posted: 15 September,all,NegaNova,"The trailer made it look like a cute little game, mysterious, soothing...But when I started playing, I realized it was way, wayyyyy too soothing.  And by soothing, I mean slow.  Even while holding down 'run' your guy moves slow AF, and not only that, it takes up energy to run.. so eventually your bar runs out and you have to walk even slower until it charges back up.Another annoying factor, is the slow factor.  Wait, didn't I mention that already?  Well guess what, when you chop down trees, and 3 pieces of wood appear, you have to slowly pick up all 3 pieces of wood individually.  It's not like a fast-click, like in Stardew Valley, no.  This game is crazy slow.The last thing that bothered me, was the lack of evolution of your sprite.  I built wooden armor, a shield, and a sword, but the sword and shield never visually show on your character unless you swing your sword or click the 'defend' button - the wooden armor didn't visually show at all, and that was disappointing.Music also got repetitive.That being said, I think a lot of people seem to like this game, and maybe it's for you!  Just not me."
,Recommended,538100,28857717,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fruittymcnutty,"I Love this game! I fell in love with the music on my first in-game day. There's quests, skills, leveling, farming(items), farming(crops), Boss battles, Crafting, Story, and an entertaining theme to me, at least...The only complaints I had were lack of new content (mostly got fixes), and laggy multiplayer. They're working on it though.Quests: Standard quest setup. Although I do suggest fighting Knighness in the frozen cave, before the Ancient Machine in the metal desert.Leveling: You start out a lowly weakling, but as you defeat larger and tougher enemies you get more exp. You also have to get more exp before you level again. So it pays to scale up your choice of targets if exp seems really slow.Skills:  As you levelup, you will get skill points each time. You can put them into 3 different skill trees (so far...) Melee/Ranged/Magic.Melee consists of blocking, more sword damage, and other sword related skills. Like Dashing through an enemy while hurting it, or stunning an enemy. Wind slash can be cast 3 times before it goes on cooldown if you press the key fast enough.Ranged benefits archers of course. You can set traps to root enemies to a spot so you can line up a shot, or fire a spread of arrows, or charge up an arrow. (I think... I haven't done much ranged fighting yet. This is based off of what I saw in the descriptions) You can't shoot diagonally yet (as far as I know).Magic is about your mana regeneration, and casting spells respective to your character's race. (There's more than just Snowmen in the game ;D) The snowmen have Ice spells, which iirc, will slow an enemy for a bit. They have a frost bolt that you can charge for extra damage, and walk around, albeit slowly whilst charging. You can't turn while doing that either. There's an ice spike spell, it summons 3 spikes of ice further and further away, each one bigger than the last. It can hit multiple times if you're lucky/time it right. Then, there's the ice barrier (my favorite spell so far) It summons 6(?) crystals that circle around you, and do damage to any enemy it comes into contact with. Great for those charging enemies that relentlessly attack you up close. If you can get one off before they hit you, it can hurt them and maybe finish them before they hurt you seriously. You can boost your maximum mana by using Mana Crystals found by destroying the pedestals in the Dark Zone.The Dark Zone:  If you see an area with what looks like Soot, or black ground then you have found the Dark Zone. Beware, as Nightmares (your main antagonists) will spawn there, even during the day! They spawn stronger ones, as well. 3 different types. There's the horned charger that you will meet eventually at night (I like stunning them first). The 2nd one is the slimy/wormy/snake looking one. It slides on the ground, and will leap at you. It's probably the easiest of these 3 to kill. Then there's the round floating one. It will give a low roar, and charge at you. If it hits you, it bounces off a good ways, or if it misses it'll go past you.Now the pedestal is probably your main objective here, unless you're just farming Exp. If you die, don't worry, just keep swinging/using multi hit attacks like wind slash, or ice barrier... (possibly the multishot from Ranged). It WILL eventually die, and drop the mana crystal for you to pick up. It'll reappear near the last spot it was some time later, or it will spawn in another location. I find it spawns in 1 place for 2 times, and then likes to move. If you are getting overwhelmed, and it's daytime, run out of the DZ so that the music starts playing for daylight, and they'll start to fade away. If it's nighttime, they'll still spawn Nightmares like usual, so no rest for the weary.Crafting: So when you first start the game, you'll notice there's nothing in your crafting menu. You have to find crafting recipes, pick them up, and right click them in your inventory. Starting out, I'd gather like 6 twigs to make 2 wooden sticks with, in case one of them breaks so you won't be unarmed. There's lots of pots/barrels/crates inside the town walls. I'd go around and break as many as you can now, since later in the game those objects hardly drop anything. As you use a crafting recipe, it won't drop again, so try and destroy one object at a time and use that recipe then, since duplicates can drop if more than one recipe drops before being used. Recipes will stop dropping in an area if you have gotten most of the ones from that area/recipe category/enemy. If this happens, try killing a few enemies you don't usually fight. You will most likely get new ones. At points, you'll need to move on and scale up your kills to get more and more recipes. Example(you can get wooden recipes from nightmares, and around Snowville. Stone from the ""snowless lands"" aka the deserts to the south, and east. The southern desert doesn't have anything that attacks you on sight normally. So it's good for farming food from the boars! The eastern one has goblins. The mages and armored ones put up a fight! If you can't handle them, try and get some recipes for stone armor/weapons from the deserts, and making those will give you a better chance against these. It goes on like that in the different areas. You should be getting recipes in this order. Wood>Stone>Iron>Tantalum. If you start getting new types of these in an area, best to try and make some armor/weapons of it to handle the tougher enemies there! You can only get Tantalum ore after beating Knighness, so that's why I suggested doing that before the Ancient machine, since it's tougher than the first boss, and the best gear so far. You will need to craft tools with twigs/flint. Twigs will respawn after some time, and you can make a shovel to harvest snow/seeds, and you can replace the seeds in a garden bed to make them regrow faster. After you've harvested a twig/plant, equip your shovel and press E, and you can dig it up, and place it somewhere else. If you use it on a stump of a tree, you'll  just get a piece of wood. Pickaxes are needed for getting stone/iron. You can also use it as another source of ice by mining the ice blocks in the Ice Cave. I haven't done fishing since they updated the interface for it, so I won't go into that, except you need an ice drill to cut a hole in the ice to fish.Farming(crops): If you get some blue grass seeds you can plant them in a garden bed, and it's an early source of cheap replenishing money, granted you have saved an npc. The best source of money from crops are the nut/bolt/screw  bushes, or w/e. They can be spotted by metal on branches in the metal desert, and dug up to be planted in your garden. You can replant marshmallow bushes for early healing.Fires: You can make a fire/campfire/fireplace, and place it down. If it goes out, you can open your inventory, and click on mucus/twigs/wood/oily substances, and hold the cursor over the fire. If there's a + you're doing it right, now click on it, and you'll fuel it. You can put more in it to make it last longer. You also get a health buff of regen when near it. There are other things you can put in a fire, though! You can cook food so that it heals more, but it'll create a different stack, and they can't be used to craft afterwards. You can cook purple swedes, eggs, marshmallows, raw meat, and maybe a few other things. If you cook blue grass, it'll turn into dry herbs(which you can get in the desert), but it's an easy way to get rope if you don't wanna go into the desert! Same principle for fueling a lamp. Get the +/click.Boss Battles: The hardest part of the game, and also the most fun! Amazing music, thrills, deaths, and rewards! You'll eventually die to bosses, but it's possible, albeit rare, to kill them on the first go. It's all about repetition. If your strategy isn't working, pay attention to their moves, and the general order of them. Figure out what you need to do to not get hit. Keep fighting! You'll triumph eventually!"
,Recommended,538100,28264871,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Grass Hatter,"Don't Starve + Trove + Canada = Feel the SnowI think this is an amazing game since I like sandbox and rpg games. This game has potentials and unique crafting system like ""Don't Starve"" or ""Terraria"" where you need certain crafting stations such as an anvil and a furnace to smelt and make iron tools. Time flies when playing this game. I've only played around 10 hours at the time but I guarantee you, this will only grow."
76561198256121922,Recommended,538100,32377993,Posted: 12 June,all,CrazyCasey100,This game is awesome. MANY MANY people compare this to Don't Starve.  And while I love DS and DST this game is WAY different than normal survival games. Its good and hard too explain why. The graphics are so charming and even the enemies are adorable. But I do have a couple complaints.1. DON'T PLAY MULTIPLAYER WITH STEAM! It is very laggy and you loose connection very easily.2. ITS HARD TO AIM! When using magic projectiles or shooting arrows its very hard to aim. You will adgest to the akward aiming but you still can't change direction of your shot.Other than those two small issues this game is wonderful and will fill you with happiness for hours and hours and I can't stress that enough. Buy this game and enjoy it. But if you want it for multiplayer stay FAR! FAR! Away from this game.
76561198062263802,Recommended,538100,32816871,Posted: 26 June,all,Alice™,">Enters game with friend>This is easy>2 hours go by>THIS IS NOT EASY>1 ~ 2 more hours go by>THERE IS A SPRINT BUTTON?I love this game.  All cute and crap but then as it continues you realize it's more ""I'm cute and a murderer"" and it's perfect.  Haven't seen any bugs either even though it's early access.   +50 faith restored in Early Access Games.  12/10."
,Recommended,538100,26066209,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,J0BA.sdmf,"I played 6h Co-op with a friend. We did not even scratch the surface and already are impressed with the quality that is delivered here. So, this is more of a co-op review. I will start singleplayer game regardless.Zero issues with Multiplayer so far.In my opinion it is a very promising early access title and delivers a ton of content. Worth every Cent,Penny,Centavos,Ruble you name it :)Be well prepared, the survival aspect as not to be taken lightly. Running out of potions or arrows or even your weapon could ruin your day. But the game is forgiving so, you do not loose your inventory but rather experience. Which I find good, because we all know that damn death-trap of where you ventured way to far and die over and over just to get some items back.Rpg elements feature 3 ""classes"" Melee, Ranged, Mage which all have 3 abiltes/spells (Don`t expect a POE-style skilltree ;)) and classic character progression.Crafting includes food,potions,tools, weapons, armor, furniture and building parts. (At this point armor is not visible. Maybe it will change.)I got a bit carried away and started building a small farm which was fun but the my buddy discovered stone walls and roofing ... and you can gues where that ended.  The building system is simple and well thought out and fits the game needs.""Feel the snow""has a very ambient feel to it and features brilliant music adding to the overall experience.The questing so far was entertaining and challenging. The parts of the map i have seen so far looked great and interesting. (I wonder, what that dark zone thing is was to anxious to go there xD)Minor issues in my opinion are getting used to the combat system (does not take to long though) EDIT:and a lack of a good source for snow (which is used to craft flasks), but this could be fixed by increasing the drop amount for lager piles of snow. (Assumption alter! I could be wrong)This was adressed in the latest update :)But as is said, it these are minor issues. It would beconvenient(but not necessary) to have a ""craft all"" button or maybe the let the ""minus"" button do the max amount of whatever you want to craft.The game feels solid and I am just amazed by this little gem. (I tip my beanie to the developers. Well done!)Early Access gone right! :) Solid Co-op fun. Oh, and btw the map is huge."
76561198200630185,Recommended,538100,26752576,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dingus,"I have never written a review before... but I feel as though I should give some feedback! This game is very addictive as I have played for almost 4 hours already and i just got it!THINGS THAT SHOULD CHANGE* I personally would love it if hats and other clothing items showed up on your charecter. It would really personalize your character.* There needs to be more color*You should add seasons, where different mobs show up and different plants appear. You could keep snow year long, but have it cover less ground in summer, have leaves along with snow in fall, ect.*Have a character suggest breaking open boxes and vases becuase old ""treasure"" (I dont want to spoil!) could be inside...*You can fight at an angleThank you for reading this and please take this into consideration. Im sure other players will want similar things. My overall rating = 9/10"
76561198031481842,Recommended,538100,27829244,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Swivel,"This game was just what my wife and I were looking for. It's a perfect blend of rpg and survival without being too punishing. The multiplayer mode is well done, because unlike some games all players can read what's being said by an npc if they are both there when the npc is speaking which is a really nice touch imho. This is a cute game with great mechanics and if you love games like ""Don't Starve"" and want a game that is a little more forgiving, I say give this game a try. Only thing that could be improved would be to have some of the game mechanics explained in some way at the beginning of the game,  because a lot of things were not so obvious and kind of made starting out a bit harder than it needed to be imho."
,Recommended,538100,30231270,Posted: 27 February,all,Katables.,"Its a mix between Dont Starve style with a combination of Survival and short quest. Theres tons to explore and lots to learn.The game doesnt hold your hand in the begining. It doesnt tell you what to craft, or how to survive the night. Or even that Breaking boxes and vases might give you a recipe. That everything you need to progress requires a Recipe from killing things.Suggestions for your first time:1) Break vases, Boxes.2) Make a stick, Kill everything that night, lure them into a corner so you're protected. If you cant survive, just close the old mans Door. You're safe there.3) Learn every Recipe you can on ur first night. Hopefully you get a Sword recipe.4) Make urself a little house the next morning, it may take a day or two of gathering wood and recipes.Most of all just try and enjoy the first few nights, stock up, learn recipes. Then continue with the story.Also not explained in game but probably common sense...1) Clicking a pile of wood in ur inventory and dragging it to a fire will cause the Fireplace/campfire to reignite.1.5) Same with food, cooks it.2) Using a hammer on the floor spot where a painting is Placed will cause the painting to remove from the wall.3) Windows and Doors do not need a previous wall to socket into. They're there own item.For $9.00 I'm happy with my purchase and I would recommend it to most of my friends."
,Recommended,538100,26177696,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,(ง︡’-‘︠)ง:,"I already have 9 hours in and I love it so far! I've played probably 2 hours with my boyfriend and he also enjoys it.This game is pretty much just like Don't Starve but it's lighter, a bit easier, and has missions/goals. Though, I can definitly see some improvements in combat style, tedious resource gathering, durability of weapons/tools/etc, and crafting recipes. I'm really looking forward towards the development of this game. And I hope you all come to enjoy it too!Word of advise.. Caution.. Spoiler..I took a gander at the negative reviews and for anyone else who love the game but has a bit problems within:1. Combat is tedious and a learning experience. Blocking/dodging is very important. Luckily, for all the easy monsters such as the slimes and small nightmares, you can literally attack them non-stop without them hitting you. Other wise, everyone else, you may be able to land 1-3 hits before having to block/dash/run backwards.2. Break all the boxes and pots in the settlement for blueprints and other stuff. Fight as many slimes and small nightmares until they stop dropping blueprints.3. After the first couple missions, before you take a shot at the obelisk, this is where you want to start gathering resources and build a house and level up a few times. So far, Melee is probably the easiest. I love doing bow's but I'm too lazy right now to do straight shots. I haven't tried magic yet.4. After scavenging for sticks/grass/marshmellows/weed, use your shovel to dig up the roots and plant the seeds near your home. This will be very useful for gathering resources and a lot safer/quicker.5. If it looks like your weapon/tool is about to break soon but you want to go explore, craft an extra one or two before you go on your advanture. Especially your weapon. This is because durability is a bit unbalanced."
,Not Recommended,538100,28847836,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Darcyblue,so i genuinely enjoyed a chunk of this game. however it needs some major fleshing out before it can be considered playable. im giving this a thumbs down in hopes the 2 guys who did make this game give it a through look at. i played this in multiplayer with my wife.putting up your passive skills on any of the skill trees seems pointless. i put my passive attack damage up as far as i could go (rank 5) and saw that i wasn't really doing much more damage then i normally would. it made no difference on the amount of hits ive done on an enemy. this was tested with both magic skill tree and sword and board. there is also no way to reset my skill points that i was aware of.the candy shop is redundant. once you make a farm. the store becomes quite pointless. which was something i was able to accomplish much sooner then myself unlocking the store.the sell prices seem a bit off. why is a horn valued so much higher then the helmet i made?can we get more of the town unlocked as times goes by? it seems so devoid of life its dismal. especially since you cant build anywhere near the town.sword and board combat is challenging. everything runs away from you. so you have to chase it. neigh impossible to kill that ice king boss with such.do i suck with arrows or do most of these enemy's hit boxes seem small?magic does insane amounts of damage and seems to be the only logical path to choose.i find the portal stone to break often. forcing me to rip it off the ground and place it down again. we also need 2 of them since my wife and myself cant share the same portal. the latter is a minor inconvenience really. we found chaining portals to be effective on getting places.we need a transparency layer of some sort if i go behind my house so i can tell where my back door is.i am slightly saddened  when i built my house around a small island with a moat. i was unable to close it off properly so enemy's where able to spawn inside our place. even though there where walls on every side.  i was trying to make some kind of zen garden thing.
,Recommended,538100,26398848,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ZERO,Addictive. Seriously addictive.Don't Starve+Stardew Valley=Feel the SnowWith much more snow. Fun Fun! Yum Yum!
76561198107568975,Recommended,538100,29602740,Posted: 31 January,all,tinybit92,"This game is a joy to play. Building and crafting mechanics are fun, combat is challenging without being frustrating, the music is fantastic, and the art style is both beautiful and simple. When I checked my journal for a new quest and saw that I had reached  the end of early access content, I was genuinely sad about it. Can't wait to see more from this already wonderful game, and would definitely recommend it if you are at all  intrigued by what you see in the trailer and screenshots."
,Recommended,538100,34832301,Posted: 9 September,all,Soulminimum,"Such a relaxing game, I've never thought a game would be so soothing as this.The music and the atmosphere just makes everything feel great.not to mention the cute idea of playing a snowman, all the sprites in this game look amazing!I simply can't get enough of this game, and I would highly recommend playing it or just simply going on youtube and listening to their background soundtrack.I'm really that in love with the game."
,Recommended,538100,29428173,Posted: 22 January,all,ImiN || NarumI,I have a 'Stardew Valley'I have a 'Don't Starve'Uh! 'Feel the Snow'
76561198000853020,Recommended,538100,28338677,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dasubur,"This game stirs with in me great feelings and leaves me in a good mood playing it, the gameplay is fun and light hearted, the world has that great magical and wonderous feel that makes you want to just spend hours in it, the story is a fun adventure, that makes me excited to see it to the end. I love this game, it is everything magical about video games in one spot and it leaves me with a smile on my fave everytime I play it.The atomsphere is captured so well in the way the games art style meshes together in a way that just makes you want to keep playing just a little bit longer.The story is light hearted and very adventureous and leaves you with a smile on your face, this game shows that even a simple story can be very fun and engaging.a solid 10/10 and I would happily buy this for any body on my friends list, I can not recomend this title enough."
76561198303712917,Recommended,538100,30268911,Posted: 1 March,all,Goblin King,great game very fun but i would love if they added pets so on single player it worldn't be so lonley
,Recommended,538100,29739254,Posted: 6 February,all,Redoz,"Pros: Good house crafting systemSolid combat systemGreat for multiplayerPretty good game progressionLots of stuff to do!cons: it's awkward to turn in combathard to get a grip of the construction system9/10, if you like terraria, starbound, etc.. you will like this game"
,Recommended,538100,34074877,Posted: 6 August,all,C A R L,"Just beat the game not 5 minutes before this, and i must say this has been a wonderful time. Many of the people that dislike the game claim it has too much of a difficulty curve or it's just too hard to start with, and those people need to git gud. Game feels like a crossbreed between Undertale and Don't Starve, and it does it so well. Difficult but not too much so, and my only wishes is in the fully fledged game adding a new skill tree (preist/bard maybe???) and maybe more stable multiplayer. 9/10 worth the price."
76561198053814568,Recommended,538100,32821656,Posted: 26 June,all,SealedTruth,"THIS GAME IS ADORABLE!!!!!Now that that's out of the way, here's what I think. Feel The Snow is an open-world survival game, where you have to keep your health and hunger up, and temperature normal I presume. Haven't gotten that far yet. Survival is extremely easy, as once you figure out the basics it's extremely hard to die unless you are having risky fights. Combat is simple enough, just click/press F and block when needed. Easy enough once you learn the patterns. Of course, bosses are a different matter. There are also certain things you can do to help you in combat, but I won't elaborate too much on that, it ruins the surprise.Crafting is simple yet efficient, as you only take 2 seconds to craft items, be it one or tons. Recipes have to be unlocked by destroying boxes in the village you spawn, and killing monsters. I noticed that each ""tier"" of monsters only drop certain recipes, a nice touch to keep a newbie from getting insane gear from the start. Boxes belong to the lowest tier of 'monsters' btw. However, the only part I don't like is that you require the correct crafting bench to craft certain items, even if you have crafted them before. If your sword breaks in combat miles from home, better hope that you prepared a spare.Building is okay by my standards, you can customise most of the aesthetics like the shape of the roof, bed design, etc. which is great, but certain objects are limited in placing. One example is the flooring, which adheres to a 4x4 square, and let's say you wish to move it 1 square to the left. You will be unable to do that, as moving it left will move it 4 squares instead of 1. Items such as paintings are also unable to be placed on the wall above a crafting bench, despite it being logical. In that sense, building is kind of limited. It works well enough though.Multiplayer support means that you can rope in your snow buddy and get into all sorts of adventures together! Graphics are simple, but adds to the charm of the game. There is a storyline, but there is no time limit so you can leisurely take your time and enjoy the moment. Push towards the story or just simply hang out, your adventure is yours to weave!"
,Recommended,538100,31686504,Posted: 11 May,all,Shibnibblies,"Love this game, but it would be great of they added controller support.It's giving me Stardew Valley and Don't Starve vibes... and also some carpal tunnel because the battle system still needs some work."
,Recommended,538100,28544515,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Aurani,"I played it together with a friend in co-op and we had fun together. It was a little rough in the start before we figured out how to do basic things like properly equipping tools in order to chop wood, mine stone, and lighting fires for warmth, but after we got past the first day it started getting more fun as we unlocked new recipes and gained skills.So far I have only a few things to complain about.Quests are fully shared so that anyone can complete them, while this isn't bad per se, it does lead to awkward situations where one player can solely progress in the story while everyone else are left in the dark about what's going on unless they're right there when the quest is completed, it'd be nice to either require all players to be nearby or better yet, make it so they can still interact with the quest afterwards so they get the full dialogue/progression before it's fully ticked as completed.Seeing as the camera is apparently locked in one direction, it'd be nice if it was possible to see what's directly behind obstacles when you have line of sight, walking blindly behind walls and houses and spamming interact is not very intuitive.My friend and I played for about 2 hours with me hosting, it was pretty smooth at first, I barely had a stable 60 FPS despite it being a simple pixel art game and my friend experienced some minor lag at first. But after the first hour things got progressively slower, my FPS was barely sitting above 50 and my friend was lagging fairly bad, obviously this is something that's already being worked but I still feel I need to make it clear that performance isn't flawless yet.That said, music is nice, I especially like the theme that plays during the evening, I've not experienced any problems with combat, my only gripe is that once you start channeling a magic in a certain direction you're unable to redirect it or otherwise precision aim it.Definitely looking forward to seeing this game completed."
,Recommended,538100,33297786,Posted: 5 July,all,silvennia,"I'll be honest; I got this game because my friend was talking about it and when I read the reviews here I realized it's similar to Don't Starve Together (minus the creepiness). Since I like playing DST with my friends as well, I thought well...why not?So here's my review and protips(bear in mind that since this is still in Early Access I'll be highlighting the current flaws in Cons):Pros:- PORINGS!- Easy to pick up the game controls. I admit it took me awhile to get used to it, but once I did everything was easy to manage. If you are a DST player then it'll be easier for you!- Finding craft recipes can be fun. Instead of giving you all the recipes at one go, you will need to defeat monsters (and nightmares) to get the recipes.- Love the music. It gives off a whimsical feeling while gaming.- Customizable home. Ok so it's not really a 'pro' but I really enjoyed building my own settlement from scratch hahaha- You don't lose EXP when you die. That's a bonus point, especially since I kept dying HAHAHAHAHA.- Exploring is fun! Just make sure you bring enough wood (or stone), twigs and flint along to build a floor and a workbench. This is if you plan to explore really far, especially at aggro places. Equipment breaks off pretty fast so don't forget to check on your equipment's condition from time to time!Cons- Quick slots can be a bit buggy at times. I can't dig/chop/hit sometimes when I first logged in, so I was forced to Quit to Main Menu and restart my game. It's nothing serious, but can be irritating.- Fishing was hard to understand. I kid you not, I had to search for ""how to fish"" because I kept failing lol.- To be an archer you'll need a bow. To use a bow you'll need arrows. You need to craft a lot of arrows.- Inventory space is rather small. Not really a huge gripe, but I wonder if there'll be a backpack crafting option in near future...- If you're playing with friends, it's hard to figure out who's who especially if everyone's playing Willie (or Annie). There's no 'name' highlighting the player, and all you see are green smiley icons on the map. Hopefully this will be changed in future patch notes? :/Protip:- Whack the black obelisk to 'charge' it. Each obelisk will give you different boosts such as speed, health, or firefly (personal lamp!) Just remember that hitting the obelisk will also reduce your weapon's health- Just keep hitting nightmares (even if you'll end up dying) for the first few nights. You'll need the craft recipes to build your basic base.- Fire doesn't stave off nightmares when you're outside, but it'll help you regen health pretty quick (it's the only way you can regenerate health in game) and you can cook raw food ingredients also (cooking them doubles up +hunger points of the food ingredients). You'll need to be inactive to regen health though."
76561198194427342,Recommended,538100,30642545,Posted: 20 March,all,Toad,"This game is awesome, cute and fun. It amazes me that this simple £5.99 indie game can bring me 10x more enjoyment then £60 no mans sky. If you like survial and quests this is for you"
,Recommended,538100,29061740,Posted: 6 January,all,Omg Back Off,"If this game looks even a little appealing to you, get it. The gameplay is far more tantalizing than it looks.Incredibly simple, but offering a great depth of personalization.Casual gameplay is entirely doable with minimal combat, but higher level recipes and ingredients will require decent combat skills. Also, this portion shines incredible well, whether you choose to play in a combat intensive style or not - the house building system is all but perfect so far, lets you build houses and farms very simply.Combat is very rewarding, but difficult to pick up. Not as hard as getting used to Don't Starve combat, but definitely has a high learning curve. If you're good enough, you'll never get hit by an enemy, and that's not too hard to achieve. Skill progression is simple but very rewarding, with future features coming.The last thing I have to say is that I accidentally waited to get this game after the winter sale and paid a full price $8.99 for it - this game has exceeded my expectations by FAR for what I paid. If anything, I hope it helps support the development even more. I have never been more excited to own an early access game - can definitely see this becoming a new ""Don't starve"" or ""stardewvalley"" hype."
76561198111455049,Recommended,538100,26040046,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,PalominoLady,"I saw this game, saw it was multiplayer, and thought, yeah, why not give it a try. I bought a copy for myself, and a copy for my brother. after a little hitch with multiplayer (which the devs are working on!!) we got on the same world, and it was so fun. Im sure this game will give us hours of fun. I would recommend this game to people who are up for a challenge. if you want an easy game, that will do everything for you, this is NOT the game for you.I really enjoy the way the game feels, the art is cute, the music is soothing, and it generally feels like a nice relaxing game....and then the nightmares arrive! they provide a bit of a challange at first, but as you progress they get harder.I love that you can build your own little home out in the wilderness, and that you have to discover crafting recipies, it makes me stop hiding in my shack and actually go out and fight stuff!I really do recommend this game, its great fun, and im sure it will provide both me and my brother with hours more enjoyment!"
76561198297946291,Recommended,538100,35231255,Posted: 26 September,all,Wolendov,"Excited about the upcoming update. Hopefully it will bring a lot of great new content. I'm hoping to see some of the following elements in the future:- A fluid skill tree, allowing you to invest more than 5 points in each skill.- More sandbox features, like customizable characters, more home decorations.- Improved combat system. (The combat system is great, however, as a mage I suffer if I'm battling a creature from the side. It often misses. That's why I always try and place myself above or below the creature. Also, I can only shoot in 4 directions. N, E, S and W. It would be good if I could also shoot NE, SE, SW and NW. It would greatly improve the combat experience. I have the ""Attack in cursor direction"" ON.)- I'm hoping to see a better online experience. Perhaps an official server, perhaps let people run their own public servers using IP addresses. (similar to Minecraft)- More weapons. I'd love a mage staff, there are bows and swords for the archers and warriors but the mage class gets no such privilege. Would love to also see more classes develop.- PvP. Perhaps zones for PvP, perhaps just an option to turn it on/off.So far, this game is loveable and endearing and it FEELS complete to me, regardless of the oodles of room it has for improvement. Its multiplayer gameplay is primitive, if you want to keep a server public indefinitely, you'd have to leave your computer running for just as long. The Toys are a really nice touch and do impact the game for the better. (if you don't know what I mean, I guess you just need inside information to understand. Buy the game and see for yourself.)Its community is small, but you can change that yourself by simply being part of it, be nice and tell your friends if you like the game. Feel free to add me if you want to team up."
76561198253423867,Recommended,538100,31272386,Posted: 21 April,all,Dr.Dog,"This game features super cute animation and a sweet soundtrack. I spent hours creating my house and crafting before I even began the first quest. Controls are a bit buggy, but once you get it figured out, it really is a good game."
,Recommended,538100,32137310,Posted: 2 June,all,Shmf,"When I played this game, I didn't know what to expect. People tell me it's basically Don't Starve with snowmen&women. I disagree. This is a simplistic game which manages to manifest itself into a creative world with much to do. From killing the creatures of the night, to planting candy canes to make health potions, even struggling to find my way out of a dark, spooky cave, this game was an amazing experience for only a few bucks. 10/10 am playing this game when it releases more content again."
,Recommended,538100,30601243,Posted: 18 March,all,Ashilynn2.0,"Cute game, definitely has a grind to it. Little quirks to work around. Overall lotsa laughs and fun to play."
76561198066680175,Recommended,538100,33191640,Posted: 3 July,all,NeonNico,"Multiplayer: My friends and I saw a lot of reviews saying the multiplayer was glitchy or unstable but for us its been working well so far, though we've only played about 5 or so hours together.General: The game is worth the price! Though it might feel a little tedious in the beginning. It's a great game to play if you want something to play but nothing too serious. The story line doesn't force you to continue it immediately so you can take your time to build a home or gather the materials you need. The mobs are cute but fighting them can be difficult. Skill shots are difficult to hit. Exploring is fun but the scenes get a bit repetitive because it feels as though you don't find any special structures for a long time."
,Recommended,538100,28841307,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,✪ Pham,"I loved this game, cute characters, fun gameplay, amazing (but sometimes loud) soundtrack, overall it was a great experience for my friends and we can't wait to see more in the future."
76561198116314879,Recommended,538100,29836865,Posted: 10 February,all,Tkdmike,"All in all, one of the best survival games I've ever played. Strangely enough the feel of the game is incredibly Don't Starve esque with beautiful graphics, reminescent of the acclaimed Stardew Valley. While some criticize its lack of survival creativity, it also gives a familiar feel so that one can enjoy the world around them instead of the mechanics. The real big downside I've seen with this game is its combat mechanics. They're clunky, a bit strange considering they work pretty much in 4 directions, and make melee the only class that is really effective early on, but overall, one of the greatest games I've ever played.Now I'm just waiting for mods10/10 would adorable snowman again."
76561198085587451,Not Recommended,538100,31969274,Posted: 26 May,all,Nesdude,"Seems like an ok game for the price, but I got it for the multiplayer and I keep losing connection/lagging massively when connecting through Steam. However playing with the same friend through Steam in Terraria works perfectly. Other online games working perfectly too. Other people are complaining of the same issue with this game. So fair warning. Don't buy if you only want to do multiplayer."
,Recommended,538100,34602562,Posted: 30 August,all,[LiS] Recoil Rick,"A fun game, with simple graphics, and a wonderful rpg leveling system, fluid combat, and cool enemiesPros:Enemies are a challenge, and each is unique,the building system is really simple,rpg system and item progression system dosent feel cheap, and there is a real sense of acomplishment when leveling upa pretty decent story,Cons:Small community, not many people to play with,(small thing) you respawn on a fraction of your total health, so you have to use up rescources to regenerate your healthNo official servers so connections arnt very good.If you want to help the community grow then join the Non-official discord and play with everyone else:https://discord.gg/AtErn3m"
,Recommended,538100,30480678,Posted: 12 March,all,vividandromeda,"I can't remember how I managed to find this game but I am oh so glad that I did.Short review:The characters are adorable, the graphics are high quality, and the gameplay is extremely fun. I've seen a lot of people complaining about the battle system, and what I've found is that switching up your keybindings definetly helps. The quests are just challenging enough to keep you interested, and there's no rush to get them done. Very cute and fun game. A solid 9/10, leaving room for improvement, as always.Long review:Alright, let's go through some pros and cons, shall we?Pros:- Engaging storyline- Adorable characters- High quality pixel graphics- Excellent multiplayer system (easy LAN setup)- Reasonable price- Challenging quests- Many craftables- Some biome variety- Very large map to explore & build in- Easy to configuire for a Steam controller- Good battle mechanics- Singleplayer worlds and multiplayer worlds are interchangable- Many different creatures- Good farming system- Manages to be relaxing while still being challenging- Good building system- Entertaining for long periods of time; extremely difficult to get bored when there are so many different things to do!Cons:- Only two characters- Very little character customization- Can only attack horizontally and vertically (personally this doesn't bother me, but I've seen so many people mention it that I figured I ought to for those of you who care)- Default keybinding can be hard to use (I found it easier to play on my Steam controller)As you can clearly see, the pros heavily outweigh the cons. This game is truly a hidden gem, and I highly recommend absolutely everyone to play it, and I can't wait to see what else Owlet has in store for us!"
,Recommended,538100,27721398,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,🐙,Is actually a cocaine vs black tar heroin simulator where both have sentience.
76561198035894643,Recommended,538100,30166066,Posted: 25 February,all,Shishia,"Pros:+ Obtaining recipes and crafting new items and equipment is very fun.+ Gathering resources and planting seeds is addictive and so is selling all your crops to the store and becoming rich!+ The construction options for housing are fun to experiment with. Hopefully more types of furniture and wall types will be available in the future.+ Interesting boss battles+ Absolutely adorable!Cons:-Your inventory is tiny. How fast you obtain the recipe for additional storage is entirely up to RNG- Combat can be irritating, especially against magic flinging enemies who have dead on accuracy. More than one ranged attacker = run or die. ...then again you might already be dead. Also, the enemies have the advantage in that they can easily hit you diagonally, and your character is... diagonally challenged. Poor dear.- Quick long distance travel is a slog and, though there are teleporters you can set up, you can only use ONE AT A TIME, making it seem rather pointless to make more than one house.All in all, this game has a lot of potential so far and I'm looking forward to seeing more."
,Recommended,538100,28834073,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,robxgower,"For an Early Access title, it's definitely promising. My only gripes with it are the lack of controller support and the controls, generally. Combat can be finicky and cumbersome but the building/crafting mechanics are fairly spot on."
,Recommended,538100,28498662,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,そのBasedReeses点灯,"Feel The Snow is a great little indie survival game with adorable pixel-art and smooth, diverse gameplay. For an early access title, I was surprised at how much there is to do in the game. I'm about 9 hours into my single-player world and there's still a whole lot to do. Multiplayer is even more fun, but it suffers from a lot of lag issues and the only way I could host without game-breaking lag on my partner's end was to use Hamachi to set up a LAN server, which still had some minor issues with lag but was playable. Overall, it's a great game for a good price, and I look forward to the completed game with even more content!"
76561197974454678,Recommended,538100,26223900,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Farley,"+Amazing Soundtrack+Gorgeous graphics+Has survival aspects, but more casual (less punishing) than Don't Starve+Quests/Storyline+Character progression+Great multiplayer experience-Combat can feel awkward at times - aiming/facing enemies takes getting used toWould most definitely recommend! I've tried getting my girlfriend into survival genre, and this seems to be a big hit! Way more chill, aesthetically pleasing and casual than Don't Starve"
76561198201955275,Recommended,538100,28170413,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dehrinian,"(If you are looking for pros/cons go to the bottom of this review)So I am 10 hours in, of which I did not exect to be so amused for so long; but this game is a pleasant, charming surprise, although I have yet to even try multiplayer and haven't really followed the plot much. I don't have that great of a laptop for gaming but this runs at a smooth 60 fps so don't worry about it being taxing on your computer. The combat is a bit tricky to learn past the simple sword attack (I suggest using the help button on the menu cuz I would have never figured it out if I didn't reat that), but is quite fun after you get the hagn of it. but there is plenty to amuse you aside from combat like hunting/gathering/farming, building houses, and creating new recipes (of which I am still finding new ones). The visuals and soundtrack are charming but I do wish there were more traacks for the soundtrack cuz I loved it for the first 8 hours then they started getting a little old. Overall, I love the game and I cannot wait for the new updates.Pros:charming visuals/soundtracklots and lots o' recipescombat isn't the focus, there is plenty explore and do outside of combat and even the main plot.A good kind of challenging when in combat.You retain all items in inventory when you dieGood, varied gameplay that I am still entertained by and interested in.Honestly this already feels like a full game.Cons:There is not really any penalty for dying aside from having to trek to wherever you were/want for longish periods of time, and dying is pretty easy. So I guess this is a bit of both.The doors/gates can be frustrating especially when running away from enemies.hitboxes for enemies is a little small, but nothing too major that it ruins gameplay.music and some sounds (especially eating sound) is getting oldI wish I could name my character something other than Willie/Annie, but that is just me."
76561198005022940,Recommended,538100,34385389,Posted: 20 August,all,Horang,"The game in general is very simple, however it is a joy to play. The only major downside I would have to note is the combat system. The restriction of only being able to attack in the 4 major cardinal directions (vs enemies that can attack in all directions) seems very clunky. If the combat system is updated to more modern terms (8-16 way attacks) then it might fix some of the clunky feeling being fights."
,Recommended,538100,30775853,Posted: 27 March,all,Banjo Steve,"Great game. Sort of like don't starve together but with skill trees, self-casting magic, and bows. For early access it has a lot of content to play for a few hours. I hope developers become more active in updating it in the future because as of right now an update is pushed out every few months. Still 5/5 though!"
76561198075646086,Recommended,538100,35091454,Posted: 20 September,all,★°•PumpkinPuff•°★,"This game is truly underrated, I can't stress to you how much I love Feel the Snow, it's a cute little pixelated 2D game where you play as a little snowman and try to figure out what happened to your village over night, you learn how to play as you go, similar to Don't Starve. While some may complain it's hard at first, it's a fun challenge personally, if things seem a little too hard, go level up and get some skill points and try again! The questline is fun, the pixel art is nice as well. Hopefully when they do release the whole game they will add trading cards as planned, but also some wallpapers and emoticons.  I can't wait for more content to be released!In short,Pros:- Fun Questline- Nice combat system- Great music- The House options and decorations are cute, hope they add more!- Boss fights are a challenge and actually feel rewarding when you beat themCons- I played a co-op playthrough with my boyfriend and anytime I would use steam overlay, tab out or take a screenshot he said it would lag really bad then go back to normal, but besides that it was fine.- the minigame in the locked cage is a bit too difficult"
,Recommended,538100,28175063,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Smitty,"Feel the SnowIn my first ninety minutes of gameplay, Feel the Snow has taken the survive-and-thrive genre and--along with some apparent influence from (most notably) Don't Starve--injected elements of adventure, questing, story, retro aesthetic, and even some humor. While only in Early Access, this work in progress certainly has more sheen than other games within that stage of development.I realize that some of what I say below might not reflect what happens later in the game. If I find something that contradicts what I say below, I will come back and edit.Where am I at in the game:I just finished the first witch's quest.WHAT IT DOES WELL-BALANCE:There is a very tightly-tuned balance between throwing the player out into the open and guiding the player through the experience. While absolutely no formal instructions are given, the player can piece together a general progression with the people and things (s)he encounters.  I think it reflects the ""holy crap what the heck happened to our village"" feel very well.-VARIETY:With a little exploring, you start to encounter different biomes, places, and mobs that give life to the frozen wasteland. I also anticipate huge variety in the crafting recipes you uncover. At first I started losing interest in crafting because it seemed like same the same old stuff. However, I then found a recipe for this bizarre teleportation rune, and my interest snapped back.-CHOICE:While I imagine the quests are mainly for story, there doesn't seem to be anything stopping you from advancing resource-wise apart from the quests. No impassible town guards, here.-AESTHETIC:The art style and the music complement each other very well. The way the music changes throughout the day reminds me of the trip to Poshley Heights in Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door.WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IMPROVE-CONTROLS:Key mapping is a tad clunky. I tried remapping, but, unfortunately, it didn't do much good.  Pressing E is reasonable for opening doors and such, but maybe in the future I could just click instead?-INTERFACE:It's a little confusing trying to learn how to use what. For example, in order to add gel to a fire, you have to pick it up from your open inventory, but in order to read a recipie, it has to be in your hotbar. Maybe there can be a bit of flexibility in specifically how you use things?-QUESTS:""Gramps, I want to build a house, and you want me to bring you ten logs that I could use to build that house?"" I think incentivizing could be huge here. Maybe gramps has a dope sword that would take you ages to get otherwise. Or maybe he knows about a carpenter who lived in the woods before the disaster that probably has the makings for your own abode in a chest somewhere.IDEAS FOR GOING FROM GOOD TO GREAT-ENVIRONMENT:I feel like one of these days there's gonna be a hole underneath these snow piles I'm digging up, and I'll descend into this dark, dank cavern with my trusty lantern to snatch up goodies and swipe at baddies. Or maybe I'll find an altar that will turn me into a ghostly apparition that can talk to the wandering souls of the village for quests and detect hidden locations with my spoopy spectrevision. There's a lot of space for creative and unique content.-COMBAT:One thing that I feel a lot of games do is pigeonhole players into being melee fighters. What I mean is that usually melee combat is available before ranged and way before magic. I would be happy with so much as an illumination spell that I could get early on.SCORE (If it were released today):4/10Why do I put this score? Some developers make the mistake of releasing without a finished product.SCORE (Early Access):8/10Feel the Snow is a charming and challenging survival title that, though a bit nondistinguishing in relation to other titles in the genre, boasts huge potential, as it has reached this point while still in Early Access. There's a couple of flukes that don't do the core game justice. You can only attack in cardinal directions while enemies can attack diagonally, and sometimes doing simple stuff like closing a door can take a bit too much time. However, the mix of aesthetics, progressive crafting/learning, and adventure/questing make Feel the Snow well worth your time under the assumption that this is just a starting point for the features to come. I am very excited to have the ability to see this game at such an early stage, and I hope that I can watch this game transform into a better, more-developed final product."
,Recommended,538100,34623727,Posted: 30 August,all,TheBoopinator,"Simple, fun, relaxing, cute.Everything about it is just comfy."
76561198005332752,Recommended,538100,30711850,Posted: 24 March,all,Fayth,"One of the most interesting and fun games I've ever played! Reached the end of the early access sadly, but I'll be sure to tag along for whatever the future holds!!"
,Recommended,538100,26037469,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,СЛИВНИК КОЧЕГАР,Great and funny game. It has a pretty artstyle an exciting storyline. The music is also kind of awesome. Liked it so much that even have a desire to help developers with the game. As an early access game it's 9/10.  Thank you guys for such a work. I spent my money on a good thing.
76561198009382816,Recommended,538100,31795428,Posted: 16 May,all,HikaruYouGuys,"Controls are a bit wonky, but other than that a decent survival game with some questing. Cute and fun! I hope they add more content!"
,Recommended,538100,33619124,Posted: 17 July,all,Wishes,"Well, one word to describe this game? Cute!You can do all kinds of things in the game, I even made a list of how I did things (probably only me)1. Spawn in, see an old guy. Poke every button until one makes me talk to him.2. Adventure out too far from home.3. Die on the FIRST night because I didn't make a weapon.4. Respawn! The old man is hilarious.(Upon death) ""Are you sure you don't need my help? I'm still quite young and strong!""5. Didn't look at my health, went outside and died again.6. Try to survive. I do, but then I die while trying to kill a chicken with a stick.7. Take a moment to look at my things, 20 minutes in the game.8. Make a real weapon.9. Learn kiting patterns.10. Die again.11. Take a look at the beautiful world. CHARGE INTO BATTLE!12. Get a bloodlust only sacrifice can vanquish.13. Die on something new.14. Kill the new thing. Die to another new thing.15. Think the enemy is a friend. Realize my mistake.16. Woah, there is a level up and skill selection!17. My inventory is full. Time to build a home in the wilderness.18. Apparently even tiny snowmen get cold.19. After hitting a high level, attempt to do some story missions because I was too lazy to do them before.20. This is as far as I have gotten so far. Really, a fantastic game with a good story. I wonder when the game will be completely finished, and what new amazing things it'll have.My advice to the reader if they buy this game: Watch your clock, in game and in real life. Also, get a stick, it'll help. Trust me.Discovering everything in a fresh start was really fun, and it wasn't really in that order xDI love everything about this game! :3Edit: The multiplayer is lag sensitive."
,Recommended,538100,33553114,Posted: 15 July,all,TFG,"This game is really fun for an early access game!!! It's enjoyable to play with friends and I think it will be an awesome game when it comes out.Things I do have a request for, developers if you see this, are these:-Yes, the story being a little deeper?-More classes and abilities for the characters, and fancying all of that up a little-Also, showing the actual armor on the characters.-Create more different kinds of items, armors, weapons, monsters. They are all awesome! It'd be awesome if there were a little more :)-More on basic character customization? Maybe, maybe not.-In general, maybe just add more things? Like all the things I suggested but like, plants, monsters, animals, etc. This is all just my personal opinion.I can't think of any other ideas I had, but other than that, I think this game is really fun and worth the money."
76561198043059130,Recommended,538100,30093997,Posted: 21 February,all,Radiant Rainbow,"10/10 Don't Starve in Stardew Valley without permadeath with cute snowpeople.  Died twice to the mechanic of ""you keep aiming the way you are swinging,"" but I think that's a feature, not a bug.  Died once to not knowing I couldn't use a weapon while my inventory was open; not sure how I feel about that."
,Recommended,538100,26136623,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Silk,"Edit: to add to the below, what is important about early access is dev reaction to communication and two thumbs up for this. The devs are passionate about responding to feedback and making the game great; I've experienced this first hand.Hello! So - for EA, it's good, but pretty 50/50 on being able to recommend yet (I'll veer on ""up"" since the game has a nice charm to it). If development continues it will be a great game, but the UI does need work, as does the combat. Here are some suggestions.1, Implement right click harvesting - if I have the relevant tool in my bag then right click will gather from a node. Also make a mouseover icon highlght that the resource is gatherable (or grey it out if the tool is missing)1b, And no longer have ""use"" move the player to a node or harvest a node. The game gets confused when you have a resource node near a door or a chest. These two suggestions would make that problem go away as well as presenting a much slicker user experience.2, Make spacebar assignable to a combat ability, and make double tap of WASD ""dash"" in that direction (instead of sapcebar dash)3, Fix the poor grammar in the story (Sorry!), and fix the speech bubbles on the old man staying in place and preventing further reading4, Have a more progressive crafting tree. It is very random to just have recipes randomly drop off monsters. I mean sure, have some that drop, but have other ways. Quests, chests, treasure caches... maybe have them drop when gathering, e.g. a stone sword recipe from gathering stone.5, Make the lantern work permanently - it isn't easy to craft.6, Food bar should drop much more slowly when player is idle.7, I coudln't work out how to re-light fires?8, Have ""stood near a fire"" regen player hp9, Have ""use a bed"" regen player hp10, Bows are undesirable due to combat mechanics. Simply left click a target and that's where the arrow should fly to. Simple, and fun.11, Consider a ""charge and release"" for bows - adds range and damage but player can't move while charging.12, For caster spec, add a wand or staff craftable weapon. Must equip to cast. Allow player to charge up a primary spell on left mouse button e.g. the ice bolt rather than having to put on a number key. Allow a spell to be assigned to right mouse. Think diablo!"
,Recommended,538100,30483647,Posted: 12 March,all,HyperVexed,"A game with a lot of quests, Feel the Snow isn't your ordinary RPG game.  You can make your own home, fight bosses, and do the quests all around the cold world.  I am only like half way through the game, and so far it is interesting.Pros:+Beutiful soundtrack+Cute 8-bit graphics+Nice combat mechanics+A new experience around every corner+Good story and plotCons:-A few controls, like for skills, are kinda wierd-The game might be a little too straight forward with the quests-For me the game is really slow compared to other players. I am not sure how to fix it. Can you help?Overall a very interesting game! If the game gets updated every now and then i'm more than willing to play it! Worth the nine dollars!(p.s. Why is everybody comparing this with Don't Starve and Stardew Valley? Feel The Snow is very different from both games.)"
,Recommended,538100,26317159,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Moon of Noon csgoroll.com,Its enjoyable but i think it still miss something. Mayb its because this is still in EA.still recommend it tho.
,Recommended,538100,31612870,Posted: 7 May,all,juice,this game is so cute and easy to get into.... i love it!!!!edit: finished all of the current achievements and early access content in 3 days. i'm hyped for more!!!!
76561198089100925,Recommended,538100,26192622,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ChowSenpai,awsome game so far the only thing is maybe the day can last longer? i think it goes by too fast. And also it would EVEN better if we could scroll on the key 1-9 icon istead of my fingers acutally going to 5+ lol but other than that MAN i love this game :D
,Recommended,538100,26179414,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Priscilla,"This is such an amzingly cute game!As of right now, the new update includes suggestions from the review section. Indicating that the developer genuinely cares about improving the game. I actually purchased this game without realize it was only early access, I didnt even notice for the first few hours of gameplay!The only thing I hope for is just more crafting options and building aesthetic. Simple things like pathways would be a nice cute addition! :) Regardless, I'm very keen to see what he develop has in store for future updates."
76561198046676840,Recommended,538100,27913846,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Umei,"Wow, what a gem of a game!  Kudos to the devs because there is already *so* much right with this game despite it being early access.  I love the progression, how to collect recipes, the skill trees, the combat, the story and characters... I pretty much just love this game.  I hope that the developers continue with the heart of what this game already is and don't stray from this core idea as they continue to refine Feel the Snow.  It is just fantastic and complete in a way that games in general have not been for a long while.  If you are having doubts about buying this, don't cause this game is worth every, single penny.Edit/Multiplayer attempt update: Me and a good friend from a different country want to play together, but when we tried it was super laggy.  We each hosted, and each had extreme lag.  Posting this in hopes that it was the server and can be fixed, cuz we really wanna use the multiplayer option! (The game is still fantastic, and is worth buying imo - do not let this dissuade you xD!)."
,Recommended,538100,30083000,Posted: 21 February,all,Higuchi,"Feel the Snow is wonderfully fun and absurdly charming! Even with a bit of lag on my friend's part, we really enjoyed working together to build housing, fight enemies, collect materials, and watch the adorable animations of the adorable sprites while we were at it.Screaming at the giant shadow things chasing after us was also fun.9/10 - Fix the multiplayer lag and it's a solid 10, and it's not even finished! I look forward to seeing how this game improves and expands in the long run!"
,Recommended,538100,28247018,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hani,"I'm really enjoying the game so far. Some of the controls can be a bit wonky, but it doesn't take away from the game at all, honestly. The pixel style art is very cute [I'm a sucker for those. Not to mention, they run better on ym compter lol], and I'm not too into the story just yet, but it seems interesting.As far as multiplyer goes, I've done some local play with my sister, and it worked fine. I haven't tried playing with distant people yet.EDIT: I did some multiplayer with my boyfriend, who is states away, and honestly, it worked fine for me. The only reason it wasn't working well for him was because his internet isn't that great for online play. So, if you're playing with someone who has good internet, I don't forsee any problems.I see that there was another player to unlock, and I hope there's more in the future!I guess my only ""complaint"" is that I can't see things that are equipped on my character. While, that's not at all necessary, I just think things like that are a nice touch ;u;All in all, it's a great game and for $9? It's worth it."
76561198128446113,Recommended,538100,29860091,Posted: 11 February,all,typeo3,"-I created a stick-I named my stick ""Foe Wacker""-I decided to fight what looked like a chicken with my stick-As it turns out, Foe Wacker wasn't up too the task and broke after the first swing-I also descovered that this particular chicken will stop at nothing to eradicate me-I spent the rest of the day running in terror from a chicken10/10 running from chickens as a snowman is amazing"
,Not Recommended,538100,28576845,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DragynDance,"Enemy design is extremely poor.  It is highly imabalcned for melee characters, but a cakewalk for any ranged.  The game gives you weapon skills, which are utterly useless because the best technique to kill anything is to run at it while mashing the attack button and hope it doesn't run faster then you, or knock you out of melee swing range (because everything also has more reach then you.)  The inabiliy to move diagonally or attack diagonally while enemies can do both further adds to the obnoxious state of combat."
,Recommended,538100,29514107,Posted: 26 January,all,lmaobit,"I don't know what I was expecting when I bought this game, but holy crap do I love it. The music, the characters, the gameplay. The game is freaking amazing and I highly recommend you try it out."
,Recommended,538100,26343080,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kei Mist,This game is so damn cure i love it.
,Recommended,538100,30048551,Posted: 19 February,all,Jake,"the combat requires a small tune up allowing for bottom right, bottom left, top right, and top left attacks, stamina runs out fairly quickly, the sword dash needs to be fixed so you don't get stuck in front of the enemies, more skill points or skill points quicker, the passives should passivly go up, less having to find recipes maybe for equipment and alchemy but not for making a house, cooking should give buffs so your choice of food isn't just making the same thing over or be limited on what resouces you have on hand, maybe also put some passive item slots on like runes or something, i would also like the daytime nighttime cycle to be more smooth because it does not go from iffy amount of light to really dark in a matter of seconds unless you're in alaska, bows need to be more accesible in the beginning, and the title music needs to be louder, but i do like this game."
,Recommended,538100,29074451,Posted: 6 January,all,Hin,It's a fun game and the background music is 10/10It's a bit awks to turn mid combat though
,Recommended,538100,35409826,Posted: 2 October,all,Idle,"Pros:- Good game play mechanic- Level up character, Craft equipment- Presence of day and night environment(In my opinion need more alteration of game play during night such as some night beasts, item drop some skill that enhanced more in the night).- Clear direction for RPGCons:- Theme of game: Action RPG But currently not support joystick or game pad.However it still playable with keyboard and mouse.- Relatively limit to use Teleportation pad .(In my opinion the long walk did not make game more fun).My score (8/10)"
76561198077914231,Recommended,538100,26089038,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Snowridinghood,"so adorable and fun :) me and my boyfriend enjoyed playing on mulitiplayer building a little base together,this game reminds me of : dont starve and stardew valley, very fun and cute :)"
,Recommended,538100,29537575,Posted: 28 January,all,oraclesaturn,Cute snow people without carrot noses.
,Recommended,538100,27421657,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hachirita,"multiplayer lag issues, idk is it bec' of me or the gamestill good game tho'"
,Recommended,538100,31288861,Posted: 21 April,all,Azuphelia,"Very fun game when you play with friends ♡ I already spent 6,7h in 2 days xD"
,Recommended,538100,30404068,Posted: 8 March,all,Axevo,Pretty great. Besides not having any idea what a Groh was for nearly 3 hours it is a great game. Lots to do and craft and the art style is adorable. I especially like that there's a lot for you to figure out on your own. The quests are also pretty adorable. Lovely story.All up 10/10. Would play.<3
76561198085600611,Recommended,538100,32190372,Posted: 4 June,all,UnoriginalLobster,"Saying as I have only played for a measly hour and eighteen minutes I can't say much about the game other than that I love the atmosphere the music and the characters the art style is a bit cutesy but it's nice if you want a calming game that has traits from minecraft, crashlands, and accoring to someone I asked don't starve I reccomend this game if you would like to wait for it to get further in development go ahead but at the moment it is a nice crafting  survival  RPG that is worth the buy imoand as a plus it's multiplayer"
,Recommended,538100,28586011,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dellyel Conagher,This game is cute and very addictive to play since you play as a little now man or woman and its just fun to look around and be in  a winter  wonderland
76561198028101712,Recommended,538100,28307201,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,kajidiablo,"great game as it is with so much too it, needs more polishing and more content, but there is a ton already too it, and im not quite finished but i know there is no way i wont be able too, this game is excelent and i can tell if they keep up with the same great stuff they have sofar i know im going to love the end product, things i would change, is adding servers online so we can meet others who play, and have teleporters work more like a switch so you can summon it, then turn it off with the rune(then cooldown) so i could explore a bit more or do more before it shut down, and would add more controll, but otherwise happy and bug free otherwise :D"
76561198080054108,Recommended,538100,28496422,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Deathraven13,"10/10, best game ever !I know it's an early access and you could do bad changes just like Paragon (a MOBA) did but so far the game is very good.Graphics are simple but pretty cute, there is a lot of things to craft but a bigger ""help"" section is required because when I was building my house I had no idea how to remove a wooden wall in order to put a wooden wall with a window on it (Use a hammer) but I still don't know how to refill my fireplace but it's ok since it feels like the first Legend of Zelda wich is a very comparison, the ""help"" section is better than a tutorial because you can go freestyle if you hate to have a game that hold your hand or if you prefer to explore and discover things on your own.So if you wonder what the game feels like some will say that it looks like ""Don't starve"" wich is sort of true but in my opinion it looks more like ""The legend of Zelda"" combined with ""Harvest moon"" except that it's simplier and you can craft a lot of stuff, but because it's simplier doesn't mean that the craft system isn't deep but most crafting recipe make sense and it explains what you need wich is always a plus.Since the game cost less than 10$ you won't regret it, trust me I bought Street fighter 5 for 40$ and it's supposed to be a finished game but man if I could go back I would have bought this game and gifted 3 copy instead of buying SF5..."
,Recommended,538100,28545727,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CAPTAIN (but spooky),Minecraft with more emotion. 10/10 for early acces game. Very little bugs and many pdates to come.
,Recommended,538100,28656934,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,LXCopes CSGOSell.com,gud
,Recommended,538100,28692635,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MagicallyAdri,"Very cute game, I adore it. Very easy to catch on to and not hard to learn. I wish you could sleep in the beds and skip the night or there was some way to fast forward the night but its not a major issue. It would also be cute if the armor and items were shown on the character. Either way, I love this game. 10/10"
76561198058397868,Recommended,538100,31445811,Posted: 29 April,all,Who Just,"I love this game, please finish development for it :("
,Recommended,538100,26234012,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Bamicee,"I feel as though this game fills a void many sandbox games are missing nowadays, I feel like if you enjoy games like terraria, or starbound, you will see this game has a new....""perspective"" on the genre, but i digress, I absolutely love the story element to the game in single player, and i firmly believe the game has alot of potential. Overall i think the control scheme is difficult to get used to, but the overall theme and design of the aesthetic makes up for me in a lot of ways. If you want something new to sink your teeth into and have a profound love for sandbox games, this ones going to scratch that itch for little while."
76561198213006693,Recommended,538100,26541299,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,durbinmckayla,"I like this one. The enviroment is engaging and the monsters are ineresting. I do wish their was a bit more tutorial to the game. It took me a few tries to figure some things out, but that was fun too! I have only played a little so far, but I love what I see. The only thing, the fight mechanics are a little annoying but not so much as to stop me from enjoying. Nice title"
,Recommended,538100,27826827,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BaconOctopus,"Really gotta love the soundtrack and the overall feeling. Of the snow. And of the game of course. Great stuff, keep going!"
76561198105346468,Recommended,538100,27900433,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,megan.bonds812,"Such a fun little game. Fighting style like the old Zelda games, with a good mix of fun and creativity. The world is huge and I look forward to see what the end up adding."
76561197987745690,Recommended,538100,28580291,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KirBy,MMMMMMM i Feel the Snow and its so warm and welcoming.
76561198041768524,Recommended,538100,29208583,Posted: 12 January,all,Mara360,"Feel the Snow is a fantastic survival game. It's very stylized, the story, though basic at the time of writing this review, has the potential to pull people into the world and environment. Once the controls are learned, and you learn the little tricks and shortcuts, they're different from other survival games.The only major problems that I have is that during the day cycle I actually feel like I'm getting snow blindness, and that almost all the basic crafting recipies needed for long-time survival have to be found by defeating enemies, which makes the survival curve very hard to climb when you don't have the right recipies.Other than that, I highly reccomend this game to anyone looking for something to support that has the potential to become something fantastic."
76561198108006147,Recommended,538100,29305882,Posted: 16 January,all,SlayerOfTitans,"Where to start with this game, well first off I absolutely love it! It establishes such a great world full of adorable creatures while simultaneously having a few light horror elements witth night time (at least at first). I think that the way recipes are gotten is a cool and unique approach to it as well and the crafting system is easy to figure out and use. The quest system, although right now not particularly strong since its very linear and really only a method to get you from area A to area B right now shows a lot of promise. The only area that I find a little lacking is the combat. Its fairly hard to approach at first and even once you get the hang of it the fact you can only attack in 1 of 4 main directions while the enemy can attack you from any angle can make it challenging or even down right frustrating at times. Even still though, lots of fun and each level feels rewarding and to at least some degree useful.All in all for the price that is game is at I completely reccomend it to anyone who likes open world games with a lot of charm to them."
,Recommended,538100,31475929,Posted: 30 April,all,koolfizz,This game has been a blast. The story line is great with gameplay that reminds me of Don't Starve. With the hunter gather aspect but with a skill system to increase your character's power level. The combat takes a bit to get us to .AMAZING10/10
,Recommended,538100,28580698,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Flerp,"Great game, can't wait for the final product!The Good:Crafting System is easy and was never confusing.The building system, while simple, feels really good.Exploring the world was good, it seems almost endless. Travelling long distances really does feel like a journey.The Recipe drops come in a logal order and you never feel frustrated.The talent tree is concise and each tree has a different playstyle.The Not so good....yet:Combat system is a little wonky, though the Ancient Machine fight (As of this review) was really fun!Some of the quests were a little confusing, I feel they weren't explained well (Final Ore Quest, The Mishroom Cap Quest)Some small bugs so far:If you pick up a recipe when you already have one in your inventory there is a chance you could get a duplicate, doing nothing. Fix: Learn recipes before picking up new ones.Getting hit as you use an ability will put it on cooldown, and not use the ability.Some NPCs repeat quest text even after the quest is complete. (Weapon Vendor, Robot on the right in Iron City)Overall I bought this on a whim after seeing it on GameGrumps, and I could not put it down until I completed the full storyline!"
,Recommended,538100,29264622,Posted: 14 January,all,Hi im Seinny Jerfield,"Played LAN for 30 minutes.Net coding: 0  (Friend was lagging constantly and we were the only ones using the internet aswell.game: 7Graphics: 6sound: 9good game, alone."
76561198183595426,Recommended,538100,30038036,Posted: 19 February,all,Omaster2304,"Feel the snow so far for me has been a fun and enjoyable game.Its fun to figure out how to obtain items and griding isnt very tedious.For being in early access i have only come across 2 bugs which made me have to restart the game but apart from them it runs smoothly.There is a few balancing issues and no where does it tell you how to unlock crafting recipies which I think should be  a quest.Overall, Feel the Snow is a great game and i recommend you pick it up."
,Recommended,538100,26224198,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,renellebum,"Great game! The graphics are cute and simple and it's so fun having to tinker around with different items and combat styles. Feel the Snow is a great sandbox game that is almost so casual in the fact that death doesn't give a lot of penalty. I definitely can't wait to play some more and hopefully one day try multiplayer! I have already recommended the game to friends in hopes they purchase the game. Looking forward to future updates!A few additions/changes that would be nice to see:1. Being able to move the garden plots by one square instead of by the entire garden size (same with flooring but not too big a deal)2. For bow and arrow, where you left click is where the arrow will be shot. I haven't dabbled much in bows though, but it is difficult to aim.3. Allowing you to view the inside of the building right when you walk behind it. I'd like to put a door on the back of my house but it's difficult having to find the entrance with the roof blocking the view. I know you can see it while you're right in front of the door, but it would be helpful if it was a bit easier."
,Recommended,538100,28571933,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jonk Sauce,This might be one of my favorite games of all time. My friend and I played this game for hours without getting bored and there is so much more depth to the game than I thought when I loaded it up. The game teaches you how to play without a tutorial or pop-ups and you learn so quickly and easily how to play. The only problem I had the whole time I was playing was a code error where my friend couldn't join my game and we couldn't fix it. I am sure fixes are coming soon and I highly recommend this game to anyone. Absolutly worth it's low price and already feels like a complete game. I can't wait for what else is in store for this game. 9.5/10
76561198031449051,Recommended,538100,28779033,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,fatedmearas,"OMG THIS GAME. Saw the game grumps play a bit and decided to try it for myself and i'm so freaking glad I did. My husband and I played multiplayer and beat the early access in less than one week and we are thirsting for more! When we first delved in we thought it would be a simple crafting survival game in a similar vein to minecraft and don't starve, but it was SO MUCH MORE. I am excited to see where they take the plot and the next level of combat skills and hopefully more recipes :D  Making our house has been so much fun and the boss fights have been so damn rewarding, it has been a long time since we had boss fights that were hard but managable if you're smart, and HO MAH GOSH the MUSIC. I absolutely LOVE the boss music. I hope they come out with a soundtract at some point for this game.  If there is one thing I can say even remotely negative, and it is purely cosmetic, is that you can't see your epuipment on your character. I would absolutely suggest this game to my friends and I am going to! 10/10"
,Recommended,538100,28643323,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mum,"""Feel The Snow"" gives off a ""Don't Starve"" vibe, in a good way that is.From the Camera angle to the hunger management system and ui, it really sparks that type of feel, but somehow seems more inviting and friendly with the pixel artstyle.The visuals are smooth sharp and nice, while the game overall seems really charming and soothing because of the lovely soundtrack and the warm feeling that the snow gives off, which covers most of the areas.In this game you don't just walk on snow, youfeel itGrab this during winter and play with friends for extra cozy feels"
76561198244661436,Recommended,538100,32776184,Posted: 25 June,all,Farren,"So, I really like this game! It is cute and charming, and I love all the little creatures. However, the multiplayer needs some work. My friend and I connect through Steam, and after 10 minutes the game becomes very laggy and we often lose the connection. However, the game is still very fun, and I recommend getting if you're interested! I got the game on sale, however I would pay the normal 9 bucks for it as well. It is early access, so improvements are expected. Overall, I love it!!"
76561198159552659,Recommended,538100,35459915,Posted: 3 October,all,MizzShadowCat,"Cute not much in the way of replay once stories done. Story takes about 8 hours of game play to complete. That being said its still under development this game has alot of potential. cute 8bit style graphicks give the game a cozey safe feeling whilst still allowing space for adventure. nice small little game if ur ever board and like rpg adventure games or suvivel games eg rust or skyrim but want something less demanding this is the game for you. really hope owlet exspand the game soon.As a side note for owlet, the wiches cottage would make an awsome dlc. I wouldn't mind spending a pound or two in order to gain the witches cat and furniture, walls skin ect."
76561198007539709,Recommended,538100,28477754,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Naolin,"A cute little game! Great art style and music. A good mixture of a bunch of other games that has a peaceful aura about it. I haven't run into many bugs yet but I also haven't gotten too far into it, but I will update when I do! My only complaint so far is the combat. It's hard to face your opponent, but that may become easier with time.I'm really looking forward to playing more of it... and that's a very good start!If you'd like to checkout the first 20 mins of it, I've posted a video of it :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jBjo6CtSGE"
,Recommended,538100,28567149,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Poiz3n,"Amazing game, I got addicted immediately! It's simple, pixel art style is completely charming. I would recommend this to anyone who was looking for a fun and relaxing game!"
,Recommended,538100,28680256,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,XIIenzoVI,"I definitely recommend this game. I've played Terraria forever now, in addition to Starbound and Stardew Valley. If you liked any of those, you'd like Feel the Snow. Even if you haven't played those games, Feel the Snow is pretty amazing, so I'd suggest you get on board while it's still early access."
,Recommended,538100,29237602,Posted: 13 January,all,Bee - The Scrabby Gabbit,"Such a cute game, a great survival game to play with a friend, with a lot of customizability. Especially in building houses"
,Recommended,538100,28502908,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,CSDragon,"TLDR: Skip to the last paragraph. I reccomend this game, but it needs work.This is way more interesting than your average survival/crafting game. It's got a great art style, more story than most games in this genre have combined, and a crafting system that makes better items an actual reward, but the combat system needs work.The crafting is interesting since you can't just look up online what the crafting recipies are, you have to find them, which means progrsesion actually means something rather than just getting more and more crud till you have diamond armor...however, crafting is locked behind really really clunky combat, since most of the time you can only learn new recipies by killing monsters.You can't expect 360 degree gameplay because it's a 2D game, but for an Isometric game, it's unnaceptable for you to not be able to swing your sword/hold your shield diagonally, or they need to cover a wide enough arc that it doesn't matter.Often times it feels like a coin flip if your enemy is above you or to your side because they're always coming at you from angles. Additionally, bringing up your shield locks you in place not even able to rotate, so if an enemy crosses from 44 degrees to 46 degrees, you're stuck in a catch-22. Don't do anything and they'll hit you. Drop your shield to change your facing, and you'll move in that direction, which will usually move the enemy back to where they were before, meaning you have to change your facing again, and by this point you got hit anyway. Very basic enemies can be an extreme hastle if they get into this 45 degree sweet spot, and THEY WILL. Because of the way facing works, they'll always end up there.Mobility feels bad too. You have a forward and backward dodge buttons, though backward dodge becomes your shield button, so you don't have access to it most of the time. However they have high cooldowns making them useless in combat, since enemies take a while to kill. You can't outskill enemies with well-timed dodging.And with mobility being bad, your have to rely on your shield for defense most of the time. However, if you don't put points into shield mastery, you'll end up taking a lot of damage anyway when fighting even slightly stronger enemies, as they'll do more damage than your shield can block. And if you run out of stamina (which is used to both block and run), your shield stops working completely, so you're resigned to taking a beating while mashing attack. And enemies have a lot of health, so what could be an interesting combat system become a slog.Archery is also pretty meh. Because of the limited mobility and strict adherence to the cardinal directions, you can't kite or weave. Archery pretty much only exists as ""shoot arrows until they reach you, then when they reach you switch to swords"". And even then, it only works if you can line them up perfectly north, south, east or west. If they're coming at you from an angle, archery is litearlly useless.I have not put any points into magic yet. I don't know if that changes much, but from what I've seen, it doesn't. It's still got the 90 degree problem.And of course, this is all compounded by the numerous controlls problems. To start, attack is defaulted to F, but movement is on WASD, so you either have to hold your hand weird, or be unable to press right as your pointer finger switches from D to F. Then there's the hotkeys. 1 through 0 to equip tools and weapons or use items and special abilities, however, combat is generally fast-pased so swapping from bow to sword on the fly or using special abilities often takes you out of the experiance as you franticly search the keyboard for the right key without actually moving your hand because you can't stop moving or you'll take a third of your health from an attack. And there's never enough room on your 1 hotbar since you need hotkeys for gathering tools too.Thankfully, all the keys are rebindable, so it's easy enough to map attack, block and dodge to right hand opperations like JKLI, and the back 4 hotbar hotkeys to something like U89O or whatever works for you, but bad default controls is a black mark on the game, and is such an easy thing to fix. Just copying the Minecraft setup doesn't quite work for a more action-based 2D game.That all said: None of that is a dealbreaker, just thing this games needs to improve on during early access. It is still is a fun game. Love the art style. It's open-world only as much as you want it to be, as there's an actual story and progressing the story opens up more content as you rebuild the town, but at the same time you can also just pick a direction and explore from the moment you start the game. This game has a lot of pottential, and it's up to the developers at Owlet to deliver on that."
76561198025292686,Recommended,538100,34296881,Posted: 16 August,all,meepmopmoop,fun. difficult but not impossible. I want more.
76561198177038115,Recommended,538100,28191492,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Nicosmom,"I love this game!  I wish there was a little more information on gameplay, but being new I get why there isn't.  I'm stuck on a level but I'll get it eventually!  :)  thanks for such a great game!"
76561198099773197,Recommended,538100,28602101,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KaityChameleon,"It has its flaws, but it's a delightful game; cute music and characters and a Minecraft-esque system for building your home, weapons, and so on.My biggest problem with it is the lack of...I guess 'tutorial' would be the word for it. You're just thrown into the game with no real instruction. I only found out the controls quickly because I found an option to change the keys in the menu. I only discovered today that there's a help bar in the game's pause menu.EDIT 12/25/16- In my first review, I had said I felt there was not enough inventory space; hopefully the player's inventory space will be expanded in the future, but after some fighting I was given a recipe for a chest, which allows additional space to store the items, I'm finding it rather useful :)Despite the flaws, I do still enjoy the game and would recommend it."
76561198076582627,Recommended,538100,28952176,Posted: 2 January,all,JonkTheStronk,"This game is like a combination of Terraria, Minecraft, Don't Starve and Starbound.   If you're not familiar with one or any of these games, they are all survival games with some story and boss battles.  Feel the Snow has taken it one step further with  quests, tresure maps and crafting manuels all dropped by falled enemy mobs.  In the previously mentioned games each has their own version of crafting and gameplay, I think Feel the Snow has really captured the gripping survivability and spiced it up a notch with mystery, exciting quests and yes you will die costently, but thats all part of levaling up.  I recomment this game for all ages, Have fun!"
76561198043109634,Recommended,538100,26230781,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mordeshkaiser,"-The characters are cute and charming (remind me of Gomez's people from Fez)-The building is simple and makes sense, so it's easy to build a nice sized home and expand on it.-The combat is engaging, though there are only a few types of weaponry at the moment between spells, Sword/shield and a Bow it is still fun and each weapon presents it's own challenge of mastering.-Enemies are fairly unique, and each react and fight differently making you learn several combat styles for dealing with them.-Boss fights are fun and challenging, so dying a few times before you completely learn the fight is expected, but the cost of death is very forgiving, just a bit of exp loss so it's not a big deal and still feels great to drop a big baddie.-The game is very fleshed out for an EA title and playing for just a couple of hours each day leaves plenty left to come back to and work on, giving this title a good long lifespan to look forward to, especially as they add more content and quality of life features.-A few things I think it could really use:-Better warping technology, such as placing multiple pads and allowing you to select which one to warp if you have multiple bases.-a Mini Map would be appreciated as getting chased by enemies while at low life then needing to stop to open up your map to see that you ran past your base 15 seconds ago to then have to run back cause you traverse land faster than you realize.-Displaying your armor, or at least your hat would be a nice touch.Overall I highly recommend this game, it's very affordable; a lot of fun; has great features; is easy going and runs well on lower end machines if that's your concern."
76561197990946900,Recommended,538100,28290191,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,chrisnomita,Great game absolutely lovely music!
,Recommended,538100,28496628,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tranny Granny,"I am absolute in love with this game! So much fun for such ""simple"" game. Very well put together and I am addicted. Keep it up guys!!!"
,Recommended,538100,28546541,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kim Jeff Bong,One of the best games of this year 20/10
76561198049161775,Recommended,538100,28651041,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Wheeskers,"Music, graphics and overall aesthetics are great. Worth the purchase.Very relaxing and feels like a Starbound spin-off story!"
,Recommended,538100,29362135,Posted: 19 January,all,Pino,"I'm hooked! It's a fun, charming and quite a challenging game. For an Early Access title, it's very promising and I look forward to see what more the developers could possible bring.My only two frustrations with this game is the items acces. I wished picked up and inventory items were put in the toolbar automatically as you click or pick them up. That would save plenty of time. And why is the character bare although equipping armor is possible? It would be great if you could actually see the worn armor.Great game in overall. Don't take its cuteness for granted."
,Recommended,538100,26729810,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,KThen,"Is is quite early during early access that I wrote this comment. I feel like there are a few improvements that can be made.Could try to hint players that more recipes can be unlocked by slaying monsters. This will stay unknown if the player plays passively.Could try to allow the aiming of all directions when shooting instead of just the main 4 directions, also skills like dashing could be implemented in multitude of directions.Could implement a key to show/hide the custom built walls.Maybe implement a way that enables the players to tag a waypoint on the map such that there will be a directional arrow on the corners and edges of the screen for easy navigation (when UI HUD is closed).Having quite some hard times closing doors. Maybe implement something to solve that too? A keyboard hint like 'E' or something that shows an interaction with the door will be good.Overall the game is quite satisfying. Still, there can be improvements. I still haven't figure out how to fish yet, the fish keeps slipping away. Maybe a tutorial will be good too?"
,Recommended,538100,34506377,Posted: 26 August,all,jellyjelly81,This game is cute and fun! :)
76561198123755357,Recommended,538100,34296119,Posted: 16 August,all,TSGM,Feel the snow is a great 8 bit pixel game. I really dont like people hating on it because they can get through the cage minigame or the game is too hard. This game is great but the only downside is that there is never ending gathering.
76561198120519056,Recommended,538100,33639437,Posted: 18 July,all,wolfntigger2,Cute and fun game. Relaxing and interesting to play.
76561198036725485,Recommended,538100,26814145,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bastet,"UPDATE: 25.12.16 - The developer released an update today, Christmas Day, that shows the dedication of the developer!This game is seriously addictive. It's different and a bit quirky.I really like the cute pixel animations, they are SERIOUSLY adorable. I felt so sad when I killed my first slime thingy and it cried as it melted x-D.The music is really nice as well. There is no tutorial but to be honest, it's so simple you can easily learn as you go.There's a good amount of content and a tonne of crafting recipes to find. I really enjoyed the survival aspects but to be honest, food spawns too often so there's not really a risk of starvation. More scarcely allocated foods might be better.My only criticisms would be the pathing. It's great that you can press E and your guy will walk to the nearest thing which your currently equipped tool can hack at, but the little guy has no sense of pathing and objects in the way. The English is a bit funny in places, like 'the only survived house.'"
76561198076214504,Recommended,538100,26207263,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Power Of The Crystals,Its a good game with a lot of potential but the fighting mechanics need a lot of refining
76561198124525034,Recommended,538100,26208738,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,MRCOLVAN1,really solid game
,Recommended,538100,26548478,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Spooki Yumeko Jabami,Games pretty fun nice to play when I just want to play something peaceful in a way it's like a more forgiving don't starve theres also multiplayer which is nice so if you just want a nice peaceful game to play i'd say go and buy this
,Recommended,538100,33694715,Posted: 21 July,all,Arion,"Fun game, wish I had friends who play this so we can build a small community."
76561198114402367,Recommended,538100,34030673,Posted: 4 August,all,magic jebus,love the game so far never bored always something to do i love that you have to figur stuff out on your own i love the combat i havent finished the game yet so i will write another review when im done keep up the good work dont make any big changes to combat and keep most of the game play the same plz
,Recommended,538100,26192612,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Elpha,"I really like this game. It's really fun! However, I keep rubber banding and lagging when I try to connect to my friends through steam (I'm east coast and they are west coast). If you could fix the connection issues, that'd be awesome! I really want to play with my friends. :)"
,Recommended,538100,26205456,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Aitinja,"I haven't done this before - writing a review and buying a game that has not been completed yet.The game is good.The concept of the game is good and this might be really great game if it will recieve good content.The combat sistem is little bit odd and it should be updated.There should be health bars on enemies.And you should be able to swith weapons,tools by using your mouse (not just pressing numbers)Building your house takes a lot of logs , there must be something done with that."
76561198060014267,Recommended,538100,32732534,Posted: 24 June,all,Jaina,Yes!
,Recommended,538100,30141401,Posted: 24 February,all,Major,Love the game so far . It's really cute and can't wait to see what else is done with it.
76561198044174303,Recommended,538100,31850381,Posted: 19 May,all,Alekazam,"So many people compare this to Don't Starve...and let me tell you something. I HATE that game.  This game in it's alpha state is more far more of a complete experience in my opinion than Don't Starve.  If you have 1 or 2 friends and want a chill and fun game with an interesting little world.  I implore you.   Buy this game, support these creators.  They're incredible, and so is this little piece."
,Recommended,538100,30086505,Posted: 21 February,all,zestyrone,Great game controller support would be awesome.
,Not Recommended,538100,29927502,Posted: 14 February,all,Mihari,"The game's developers give extremely lazy customer support whenever the same bug that makes their game completely unplayable is reported. They copypaste the same link to the same thread that contains a solution of ""Check if you run the game with a discrete graphic card, if not, make it."" and a link assuming you have two graphics cards and giving absolutely no advice if your situation is otherwise.In other words: ""If you can't run our game, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself"""
,Not Recommended,538100,34502339,Posted: 26 August,all,JordiTK,"Honestly, I don't understand why the ratings are so high for this game. Surely, it is still in early access, but the game lacks any entertainment.You get thrown right into the game without tutorial or anything. When you've gathered some equipment, there doesn't seem to be any use for it. The snowy land is very empty, and the few enemies only appear at night, to which you don't even need to take action because you can easily walk past them. So then I was wandering around for ten minutes looking for something to do, and only found one single house with a npc inside that cannot be attacked or interacted with.And while you're trying to build something, you need to find a place somewhere away from other residency, because the game tells you so. Then after you built your house, what's next? Nothing, really.I won't recommend this game until it is out of early access, maybe then there is more to do."
,Recommended,538100,28572658,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hazemaster247,This game is equal parts adorable and terrifying! It plays like an RPG but also has the survival element down well. There are quests to work towards but resource grinding and exp grinding is needed to get some quests accomplished. The story is interesting and the more content I see in the game the more I want to know what happened. Would reccommend to anyone that wants both a challenge and a cute survival game.
,Recommended,538100,28647062,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MC Indigestion,"NO SNOW, JUST FEELS"
,Recommended,538100,28855739,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DocGear,The music and design is soooooo good! I like it.
76561198045845178,Recommended,538100,28503456,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,StorytellerWMD,"I have only been able to play for two hours but those two hours were well spent. I am sure that once the game is more fleshed out multiplayer will be the way to go, sort of like a cute Don't Starve Together. I am a huge fan of the magic system though very simple in nature, it feels right at home with the rest of the game. Maintaining a good amount of food is not difficult, neither is building a shelter, but both at the same time felt like a bit of a challenge. Multiplayer is probably the way to go as someone could focus on shelter and crafting while another focuses on hunting and gathering. Keeping two souls fed will probably be more difficult but most things are improved by playing with friends."
76561198149554925,Recommended,538100,28889004,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,deathsaprentice100,"I absolutly love this game so much, sometimes it's hard to pry myself away from it. i'm curious to see where it goes, as its still an early acess game."
,Recommended,538100,28894799,Posted: 1 January,all,callumnightingale2,Great game with an outstanding soundtrack and design however the walk cicle is a bit slow even when running.Already having fun despite this game being early access!
76561198069663154,Recommended,538100,29020674,Posted: 4 January,all,Gmastern,"Very fun game. Kind of like a simpler version of Don't Starve, but will probably become more complex before coming out of early access. Quests are pretty straightforward, with not a lot of branching paths. Overall, I would give it a 7/10. I will modify my review as changes are made to the game."
76561198161787655,Recommended,538100,29117517,Posted: 8 January,all,YER BOI SOAPSNETCH,"This game..... Oh my gosh I love it! It reminds me so much of UNDERTALE and Terraria! Its an amazing game, amazing concept and just a great story line. This game's developer deserves a big pat on the back because they made an amazing game. My favorite thing is probably my only problem as well. My favorite thing is the music. OH MY GOSH the music! The only bad thing with it is the music gets kind of repetitive after awhile. It has the same day and night songs over and over and over. I would like to see in an update perhaps when the biome changes there is a different music. Iv'e only played a little bit of the game though so I may just have not heard the other music. If you like UNDERTALE or Terraria or other Crafting/RPG games then this will warm your heart. A basic overview of the story plot is you are a snowman and your trying to save your friends from the enemy; the nightmares. Now the nightmares are these little black creatures that try to attack you. They only come at night, when it's really dark. Another thing you can do is level up, and when you do you can upgrade either sword, bow, or magic skills. I personally upgrade magic a lot.Pros:MUSICthe storycharacter developmentthe ability to upgrade skillsthe crafting systemthe way things lookthe building systemCons:MUSICfighting system could be better( you can't turn diagonal but monsters can attack you from diagonal)hunger goes down a little to fastWith that being said I know this game is early access or at least it is at the time of my review. I hope that this game goes beyond popular and becomes a game that's loved by many. Once it's fully released I hope it has a complete story to drive home the feels. Once I beat the early access (I haven't at the time of this review) I will edit my review. I hope that this was helpful and made you want to play the game. Oh, and don't forget to Feel the Snow"
,Recommended,538100,29888176,Posted: 12 February,all,Echoes and Specters,"Feel The Snow offers a great mixture of combat, survival, and crafting your homestead with a isometric perspective and a 16-bit feel to it.Despite the simplicity, FtS became one of my favorites of the genre right off the bat. Albeit, at the time of this review, it could use a little more content (i.e. more uses for stone, maybe another tier of weaponry/crafting?), but that doesn't detract from the winter wonderland feel of the game, while managing to feel like a cozy little adventure.Combat feels powerful with an attack, a block, and a dodge move, exploration feels fruitful with a host of plans and ingredients needed to craft different things, and inventory management feels tight without being frustrating.Overall, the only things that really bug me about the game are the hit detection (as blocking is direction-dependent), and the fact that plans and schematics are given out randomly. I was unfortunate enough to find the ""Chest"" schematic long after I'd dumped wave after wave of items because they couldn't fit in my inventory. Giving the players the Chest schematic earlier in the game would do a world of good."
76561198048134692,Recommended,538100,31570132,Posted: 5 May,all,ArtfulDodger,Minecraft meets Runescape
,Recommended,538100,32333856,Posted: 10 June,all,Starberry,I really enjoyed playing this game :) Wish it was easier to attack but there is lots of things to do especially for being an early access game ^__^ I hope to play more soon :)
,Recommended,538100,35462301,Posted: 3 October,all,Night,"Very funny to play with friends, but need more costumization tho caracter, and armor."
76561198073115855,Recommended,538100,32202615,Posted: 5 June,all,tajunu,"Adorable graphics, cute music and lovely controls. nothing to complain.maybe that it should come out of Early Access soon :)"
76561198132272136,Recommended,538100,28842452,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wroze27,Very pleasing graphics and fun to play.  Delivers hours of fun.
76561198160148580,Recommended,538100,28966446,Posted: 2 January,all,joujou,"I'm hooked by this game... this is a jewel !!I usually hate survival games based on ressource gathering and crafting but this one is different, it feels different... Of course the story and quests help a lot by making you feel like you have a purpose and a direction to follow, but there is more to it... some kind of magic ! The atmosphere is aweome, there is coherence in everything.Try it, i bet you'll love it."
76561197999605909,Recommended,538100,29001235,Posted: 4 January,all,Pie ♪,"My friend and I are huge dont starve togethert fans and this was pretty fun for us, it only took us ~12 hours to blast through the early access content, but we had tons of fun!"
76561198100455881,Recommended,538100,29045923,Posted: 5 January,all,crbrickler,Very good gameplay. The only problem is the lockpicking was a little long.
76561198173841317,Recommended,538100,29101954,Posted: 7 January,all,ERROR_0,"I've enjoyed this game so far and I want to see it succeed... but there is something holding me back...I'm pretty much a grammar nazi. There's just a level of professionalism that I like to see in game texts. You guys have done fantastic so far, but the thing that's giving me the itch that I can't scratch is the *steam achievements*. If this somehow gets resolved, I swear on my good name that I'll softly spam a recommendation for this game to my discord channel that has 30 people in it, and I will do everything in my power to ensure that they all pick this up."
,Recommended,538100,35504213,Posted: 5 October,all,Fishy,Me and my friend found it really fun the quests are good and the building it bareable. things that i dont really like is the fact you cant zoom in nor can you change the GUI size. otherwise really enjoying.
76561198122086414,Recommended,538100,28518384,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sheikah,"There's an interesting and unique way of gathering blueprints to build different things, building houses and travelling is very fun and exciting, the graphics are adorable and the simple gameplay keeps you interested.My only issue with the game is that I keep crashing on day 8.9/10"
,Recommended,538100,28861847,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,M I L K,"Bought this for me and my bby based on other reviews but sadly our multiplayer just doesn't want to work. Really looking forward for this to be finished though, it's really relaxing to play and I'm super glad I got it!"
,Recommended,538100,35481751,Posted: 4 October,all,SergeantRacoon,interesting and cozy game! i think the days goes alittle too fast tho :)
,Recommended,538100,28743953,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Phantom Boss,Love this game so far. The only problem i have with it is that time goes waaaaaaaaay too fast. Other than that its a really good game and i recommend you get it. It may look like a typical survivla game but its way more complicated than meets the eye. Especially when you get deeper into the game.
,Recommended,538100,28759495,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Maver1ck2789,Good game do play
,Recommended,538100,28998310,Posted: 3 January,all,WildCrd007,I've only played 38 minutes so far but I love this game. It feels like its focus is on having fun while learning how its world works. Another game that has got me losing time without a second thought. I'll update more as I continue to play. The price is deffinitely worth the game.
,Recommended,538100,29265051,Posted: 14 January,all,Gamer Gengar,Really enjoying this game so far!
76561198073406961,Recommended,538100,29280517,Posted: 15 January,all,Tatertot2222,"This is a very fun game. Reminds me alot of Don't Starve. I do find however for this game's combat to be harder, but that is okay because it is alot more forgiving about dying. Great story line so far, all though it's not too good at explaining things, if you're looking for a good game for cheap, this is your game."
76561198138132744,Recommended,538100,30408205,Posted: 9 March,all,Mama Mia,"This game is so calming and addictive! I've been playing this game non-stop when i was on school holidays, I still haven't completed the game yet because there is so much to do."
76561198045322355,Recommended,538100,28928322,Posted: 1 January,all,lizard,"Wonderful game! Cute, charming, and fun to play alone or with friends! I especially enjoy the crafting and building :D"
,Recommended,538100,31737396,Posted: 13 May,all,{RaDsiK}Lynian,It's a good game. Fun enough. But right now I couldnt reccomend buying as there simply is not enough content. For now just keep an eye on it and wait for release.
,Recommended,538100,28765353,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Contractually Obligated,A lovely game with a minecraft and stardew valley feel to it. It has a very unique and calm feel to it.
76561198066224546,Recommended,538100,28774549,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,A.j.k,"I just wanna say that I love this game!  So much fun, I love how when u die you don't loose all your stuff.  Great game!"
,Recommended,538100,28637829,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,fire-max,"This game is adorable, cheap and fun. It is just like Don't Strave. But without the creepy Tim Burton graphics. You should stop reading reviews and just buy it."
,Recommended,538100,28869458,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Toothy,"A lot of inspiration was taken from Minecraft with this one, let me tell you! But despite all of the similarities, it really has its own little charm and unique mechanics. You move slow, and the quiet nature of this game is best left to those who want something to relax with. Even though it's in early access right now, It's very worth the play!"
,Recommended,538100,28935787,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,Difficult at first.But started easy when you familiar with it.+ enjoy co-op mode
76561198236510774,Recommended,538100,29143780,Posted: 9 January,all,system_order,"this game is wonderfull, it has good mecanics like you can build a house get blueprints by kill animals. the story line is ok but this game is still early access. i can not wait untill the full game is out!!!"
76561198083862649,Recommended,538100,29299428,Posted: 16 January,all,Pippy,"Well, the game is nice but there are some problems1-Its very difficult to face your enemy and this is a big problem, the character should attack where your mouse is pointing at, not directly whats in front of them2-My game crashed (well, it froze...The game kept going but the frame froze, I had to quit the game and I lost serious progress)This has the potential to be an awesome game but these should get fixed(I recommend the game anyways because its a good game. However, if these don't get fixed, I'll change my review and not reccomend it)EDIT:Day 24 in-game, still didn't get the survive the first night achievement...Cool I guess...."
,Recommended,538100,32354229,Posted: 11 June,all,N33dl3ss,"LOVE this game! It's so cute to play, plus it's FUN! Great to play with friends way much better than most games of this kind. Get it now for hours of fun. Very easy to learn how to play."
76561198109182729,Recommended,538100,35459171,Posted: 3 October,all,TwanRulezU552,"Fun little game, nice soundtrack, good alternative to Don't Starve"
76561198010908777,Recommended,538100,28702028,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CARAGIO,ว่ากันสั้นๆ ก็คือ เหมือนได้เล่น Don't Starve ในแบบไม่โหดมาก ผสมกับเกม RPG ที่มีตีสัตว์ประหลาด ทำเควสต์ ฯลฯ กราฟฟิกพิกเซลน่ารักๆ ตัวเกมยังเป็น Early Access แต่ก็สามารถเล่นได้จนจบในระดับนึง ถือว่าผู้สร้างแฟร์ดีที่ไม่เอาเกมที่ยังไม่เสร็จมาขาย (ฮา) ตัวเกมยังมีอะไรให้เพิ่มเข้ามาในอนาคตได้อีกมาก เป็นอีกเกมดีที่น่าซื้อเล่นถ้าคุณชอบแนว Survival RPG ครับ
,Recommended,538100,29107526,Posted: 7 January,all,Im Illegal,"This is by far the best game I have ever played on PC hands down. Its a nice fun sandbox rpg game. The storyline is amazing.  The graphics and details are by far great. If you love games like don't starve, then this game is for you. The cute characters are amazing. Its also challenging as the mobs get harder the more you explore and advance through the game. There's always gonna be those challenging obstacles which is very good. An exciting game for sure."
76561198072737897,Recommended,538100,28619666,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ۺ Tomaki,"Winter wonderland crafting RPG.I was never a proponent ofRPG'sorRogue-like'sso buying this game was a shot in the dark.Feel The Snowblew me away. It's such a casual, loving game. You play as a snowman who must survive, and endure the tortures of shadow creatures. You craft new items, and do quests for other characters. The map is vast and subjects you to pleasant explorations. Be careful when night strikes, as the shadow creatures come out and haunt you. Your best defence is your weapons and your home.With hundreds of animals, characters, items, and enemies,Feel The Snowis a great venture. consider buying this game, especially when it goes on sale.(Great for children of all ages, and families.)"
,Recommended,538100,28844740,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mythicphoenix,"I picked this up the other day, and I honestly have not been able to stop playing it.  It's early access, so there are still some things that are kinda clunky, but I can tell this game is going places.  The art and story are great, the monsters and different terrains are really creative and diverse, and the building/crafting is actually pretty fun.  This is definitely one of those games you can play for hours on end without even noticing.My only problems with the game have been pretty minor annoyances, the combat is rather clunky (especially for ranged fighting), there's little/no direction/info when starting out so different things can be confusing before you get a hang of it,  the item durability drains pretty fast, and the monsters in each new area are so much stronger that you have to do a lot of farming/grinding.  But really, the gameplay itself is so much fun that it's really not that big of a deal.I give it a solid 8/10 and I really look forward to seeing where this game is going."
,Recommended,538100,28926839,Posted: 1 January,all,Cusel,"Terraria and Don't Starve had a baby.It combined the unique survival and combat concepts similar to Don't Starve,with the sandbox feel of TerrariaDespite Feel The Snow (FTS) being in early access, it showed a promising and engaging questline.TLDR This game shows much potential but of course has many of its flaws.If you're excited enough to read my review,it won't hurt to try.BUT IN THE FUTURE I BELIEVE THIS GAME CAN BE AMAZINGPoints of Improvements (I hope the dev sees this)Rigid combat system, melee proves to be alot easier compared to mage and ranger as you are only able to attack in 4 directions(Up,Down,Left Right) having it be 360 degrees would make it feel much better and simpleNPCs feel fake and lack interaction *Spoiler alert*E.G After completing quests like the witch, she just keeps repeating the same sentence and personally I feel like it could be changed up as we progress along the questline.Such as her being a merchant etc.etcAlso I feel like,there's way too much emphasis on equipment of the melee class,and there should be more forms of armor.The teleportation system is essentially a quick way to get home and doesn't help with getting to other biomes.Dark zones feel repetitive and maybe there should be a way to increase health and stamina as well(such as randomized dark crystals for stamina mana and health)Overall I really love the game and good luck devs!(sponsor me)"
,Recommended,538100,28932748,Posted: 2 January,all,midnight.erza,"good cute game that turn dark so fast during night time.All resources can be found, and u need to kill some creature for the resources you needed.Like Don't starve.If you like Surviving game, this is the one."
,Recommended,538100,31584578,Posted: 6 May,all,Jacky_Steve,Great game untill you get stuck in the cage the mini game in to hard to beat for me plz fix that make easyer. Other than that  good game
,Recommended,538100,28642652,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Swag Lord,The worst thing about this game is the fact that you feel bad for killing an abundance of the adorable slimes when you're starting off and then for lantern fuel.This game is pretty ding dang rad.
76561198139473897,Recommended,538100,28720058,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr.PoopyButtHole,"Its fun, but needs to be fixed i glitched my death on accident and couldnt respawn, then when i exited out it would say the game isnt responding, i dont know what to do my game is useless and i want to play"
,Recommended,538100,28879734,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,keiji,don't starve together but way cuter and way betteri don't like don't starve but damn if this game wasn't the best gamecan't wait for more updates
76561197974060304,Recommended,538100,28949293,Posted: 2 January,all,GasLitTales,This game is really a lot of fun. I just finished the early access content and really can't wait for more. At first I thought oh look a snowman Don't Starve... and then the quests and boss fights proved me wrong. Truly enjoyable time with well balanced progression and risk vs reward. I even enjoyed on how the game does not hold your hand during some parts and you just have to figure it out. Titanlium (sp) i'm looking at you.
,Recommended,538100,29038479,Posted: 5 January,all,Jaypm93,Like Don't Starve but more relaxing and accessible to casual gamers.
,Recommended,538100,29055598,Posted: 6 January,all,TimDoesBlizzard,"My Opinion from what ive seen!Well what can i say, this game is really fun and cool!Gameplay:-The Gameplay is simple but very fun!-The game has many enemys that you can fight for different loot!-a pretty good and easy to understand crafting system!-the fighting is pretty good, but it probably can be improved greatly!-I havent tested the Multyplayer yet put its probably really really fun!-if your doing the story its easy to understand what you have to do!-i love the fact that you can lvl up and boost different skills!Music:-the music is sweet, its very calm and its a good game to relax!-It has different musik for different times of the day!-the only thing i want is more music, i mean sure the music is calm and great but it would be even better if they switch it up sometime and you have a different calm music going!Enemys:-there are a good amount of enemys ive seen so far and they all have different strength, and if an enemy seems impossible to beat after some time of crafting gear and lvling up, boosting skills you can beat them too!-i think there are some bosses too but ive never seen one bevor so i dont know!End Opinion:Its a very cute, calm Rpg like game with a lvl up System. Its really fun because there are alot of enemys to fight and they are not weak + harder enemys come over Time which is really great. The game from what ive seen yet has a really cool Story too!"
,Recommended,538100,29261724,Posted: 14 January,all,stringcraftgaming,"'Feel The Snow' tackles the recent thirst for open-world gameplay; where characters aren't necessarily restricted to a linear storyline, and it's up to you to make the game enjoyable with the tools you're given.While I will admit I went into the game with the mindset of comparing it to titles such as 'Don't Starve', the game has indeed won me over with its juxtaposed innocent charm and storyline combination, innovative structure and visual styles - and has become a title I cannot wait to see developed and nurtured into a game I can guarantee will become successful."
76561197961327896,Recommended,538100,31942909,Posted: 24 May,all,Sunglorys,this game  is really good  the music    is so catchy and chill  and the game it self in general is nice and chill to just relax and have a good time on  really fun when u play it together with a friend im   allready getting addicted
76561198003341554,Recommended,538100,28702377,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pudding,Great soundtrack and fun graphics and gameplay.Can't wait to see what the future holds for this game!
,Recommended,538100,28717729,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Possessed Shaman,"Adorable, fun and easy to learn!"
76561198251031836,Recommended,538100,28832337,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,xXSnowHuskyXx,"Whenever I try to play the game, it starts to launch, stops, and tries again, it doesn't stop and I can't play the game. Plz help. If it doesn't happen to you, it is a fun game."
76561198215359049,Recommended,538100,28979834,Posted: 3 January,all,SazzyPeanut,"Super cute and great graphics in this RPG-game! I absolutly love it and have already recommended it to friends. A bit like minecraft, needing to explore to get materials in order to build things. As well as fighting a darkness that has taken over the lands at night. There are quests and always something to do, but it is just as fun trying to build a home, do some landscaping, and create things. You can choose between single and multiplayer gamemode."
76561198108023431,Recommended,538100,28910467,Posted: 1 January,all,Little Spooon,Awesome game. Really smooth and relaxing. Can't wait till it's finished.
76561198326599081,Recommended,538100,29054506,Posted: 6 January,all,JossKen,"GET THIS GAME!!!!Or wait till it's completely finished, its a bit short at the moment. Feel the snow is a very fun game, it's just a little short at the moment and it's missing a few thing, I've almost finished it and I'm pretty sad that there isn't much more, but we can't blame them, it is early access after all. Unfortunately the swordsman class seems to be the only reliable class, the mags class doesn't even come with its own weapon yet and the archer is always overwhelmed and can't shoot because its always running away. Its a very pretty and calming game and I've really enjoyed it so far, also some items need a bit of a better description and it needs to be made clearer how to get some items like feather and the end game swords hilt, I also still have no idea how to refuel a lamp, I've tried dragging sticks/logs/feathers onto it while it's in my inventory, equipped, on the floor, the next thing I'm gonna try is oil."
76561198049494846,Recommended,538100,29155833,Posted: 9 January,all,warassemble25,Fun game to play with my wife.  Would absolutely recommend this game for 2 players mostly because everything is easier with teamwork.  Great start for people learning how to use WASD movements for standard mmo games.
,Recommended,538100,30364271,Posted: 6 March,all,MasterSloth147,Very fun. A lot like minecraft but has its own style and charm.
,Recommended,538100,32746054,Posted: 24 June,all,Dinozor,"Game great!First impression if hight. And you definetly should try this, but only if you are going to play for a few hours. (while in development).Loved most of gameplay. You can use bow, sword, magic, level up, craft things, farm, build house. Game have dynamic events like dark zones, treasure maps night mob spawnig. There are some quests, storyline, fun dialogs.First like 5-6 hours were totaly great for me and friend (played co-op).After playing more found out to much annoying thingies. Like randomly spawning mobs with random sight range. Sometimes will rush on you from out of screen, sometimes you go them melee range before they notice you.Also queen boss is with very bad gameplay! She is huge by size, but collision box lesser than small pot in same game so you always miss. And playing with bow with directional attack gameplay this is just awfull. Also her movement with such map makes you miss her random shields and trying to guess how to cut it down just instakills you. Like WTF, boss that instakills you in such game with such gameplay?! Also I after getting used to fighting her I got bored, cuz it takes to much time (needed to eat while fighting).The most annoying thing is stamina. Like before getting used to gameplay or starting doing some hard mobs and more - you gona die, and than you gona run, and die again and again run to required place.  This is nicely compinsated by teleports, but in things like Queen boss beeting this is bad (run-die cicle again). And all mobs gona annoy you while running to your destanation.Also now I don't know what to do :(Game still in development, so hope it will improve and other stuff redesigned (like queen boss, hit boxes, bow mechanics, stamina)"
,Recommended,538100,29001189,Posted: 4 January,all,kamenashi,this game is awesome i really liked it hope to get more of the story soon :D
,Recommended,538100,31477991,Posted: 30 April,all,jariwalahemali1994,love this game! its like a simple minecraft with a storyline. the whimsica characters make the came more a relaxed game. My favorite part is that its not a game that is intense all the time and can be a relaxing game to play.
,Recommended,538100,31572820,Posted: 5 May,all,Sencored,"This is an adorable little game with a suprising amount of dificulty. It can be hard at times (specifically the combat) but it is really fun to play. If you have some friends that have the game, it is just that much more fun. The only problem is that the difficulty made me not want to fight so much as build a house and plant a garden and just improve my over all life in game. I found myself focusing more on survival aspects than story progression. 7.5/10"
76561198117031199,Recommended,538100,26131172,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Madel pltet,Fun game but multiplayer via steam doesnt work. It only says connection failed.
76561198136127285,Recommended,538100,31029396,Posted: 8 April,all,alekpixi,"This is incredibly cute and wholesome, despite only being in Early Access. The soundtrack is great, and the graphics are cute!If I had to critisize it, I guess the crafting system is a little difficult to figure out at first, since there is nothing to tell you how to do... And the player character walks somewhat slowly. But those are really minor things. In general, I can see myself put many hours into this game, and I'm excited to see what's in store for us when it is fully developed.Tl;dr do yourself a favor and play the game."
76561198067639743,Recommended,538100,26135847,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Da†⊕pßuﾚﾚ,"I've only played the game for two hours and I'm already in love with everything about the game. The artstyle, crafting, building, and mobs. If you like an open world exploration game, I wouldn't turn away from Feel The Snow C: The only problem I've encountered so far was me trying to play with my friends. Whoever was hosting the server could play just fine, but anyone else who tried to connect and play had extremely bad lag. It is a great game for being early access, and I hope to play and learn about the game as it develops :)"
,Not Recommended,538100,35454648,Posted: 3 October,all,paulcdejean,"Recommended at the price I got it at, but hard to recommend in general because the contorls are such a pain.They can be rebound, but there's the issue of too many things to do.Don't Starve Together for instance has: wasd (move), space (interact), f (attack), 12345 (switch between tools)Feel The Snow has: wasd (move), shift (run, painful to keep held down with your pinky because it lasts quite a while), e (intenract), f (attack), space (dash), q (block), 12345 (switch between tools). Just from that, you're sort of fine, except shift to run is pretty hard on the pinky. However then later in the game you need two or three more buttons for special abilities, one or two buttons for potions, and you just start to run out of space for your left hand.As for your right hand, DST allows you to move with the mouse, you can't do that in Feel The Snow but you still need to use your mouse for crafting and other things. You could bind special abilities and potions and simialr to your right hands keys (jkl etc), but then you'd be switching your hand between mouse and keyboard, because the mouse isn't really optional.And this problem has the potential to get worse with updates. If they add more features (for instance different weapons which you're encouraged to switch between mid combat, they already have that actually but...) rather than streamlining things, the button overload could get even worse. It's already confirmed that they're adding a fourth ability for each tree.Four abilites works in league of legends because you can move with your mouse! So your mouse moves and your hand qwerftd etc.So the whole thing just leads to an uncomfortable experiance, and I'm not sure if i'll finish the game (in that windy dark cave with the iron right now)."
,Recommended,538100,31779360,Posted: 15 May,all,DazzleDaddy,"Yes this game is fantastic loot system, rpg elements, and cute as ♥♥♥♥, how could you not want this inside you"
76561198173881534,Recommended,538100,31962235,Posted: 25 May,all,Fang| Atomic Gaming,"[Honestly one of the greatest builder games i have played in a while all those others are nice and all but this has a charm ][to it a story and a great style thats what caught my eye at 1st i loved the game tho i did get a refun that is a personal ][choice and not one im glad i made but this game truly does deserve a pat on the back and more the devs have made ][something here and i hope to see it become something great i know it will]______________________________________________________________________________   xXX(EXTRA NOTES)XXx   I am no dev so i have no idea how hard or how long it can take but i would like to see a better muiltiplayer i love building games that are also mulitplayer that way its just better. I would love a larger varity of buildable items such as furniture to many games dont add it in and maybe more kinds of biomes, wilelife, enemys, ect you could also add a way to make your own village with your own villagers and archers and swordsman. these are a few of my ideas for things but anyways have a great day"
,Recommended,538100,34315434,Posted: 17 August,all,Wealthyear,good game needs more people i dont have friends that play it add me for multiplayer
76561198029941098,Recommended,538100,27701616,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Always Angry,"Cons:No tutorial level. I normally don't mind this but at least some tooltips to help out the nubs would be nice.Weapons can break. Don't add this feature untill you fix the balance on this game Devs!enemies hit way too friggin hard at the beginning.controls are stiff.the dated graphics. I started out on DOS systems and I'm not a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥..but more work needs to be done on this.movement is clunky.Tools break:  Don't add this ""feature"" untill you are reasonbly sure that your product is ready..or move it to a hard or roguelike mode.Had no clue on what to do at the beginning. Give quests to help ease players into the game.Prossomewhat addictive.Enemy death animinations are somewhat enjoyable.Scrathes an itch for a building/hack n slash game.Gives off that Don't Starve vibe.Verdict:Needs work but this gaem is enjoyable. Read reviews and wait for a sale first."
76561198261599326,Recommended,538100,28172398,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Descendence,I like it a lot
,Recommended,538100,31078904,Posted: 11 April,all,cory,trully a terrific game. it may take you awhile to figure out what to do.....but once you do figure it out its a blast!!! everything you need to craft is a recipe and how you get the recipe is the best part by breaking containers and killing mosters to optain it.
76561198257821384,Recommended,538100,33138785,Posted: 2 July,all,Spessy,A really cute and interesting game <3
76561198161419658,Recommended,538100,29219409,Posted: 13 January,all,pimpinandre,Very cute and fun to explore and build your own house.
,Recommended,538100,28765619,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,alexmagno555,Great soundtrack and fun graphics and gameplay.Can't wait to see what the future holds for this game!
,Recommended,538100,31491974,Posted: 1 May,all,Geochromic,Bought this game and returned it within a few days. When I finally got time to play this game I was subject to consistant stuttering that occured every 10 seconds. It was a small problem that became more and more irritating after an hour or so. This was also occurring on the lowest settings and if I can play high end game with little problem this shouldn't be happening. I do not know if this problem is fixed because this was a while ago. I truly believe this game has a great idea and  has many ways to run with the concept. Even at the time it seemed like a fair price and if improved upon I can definately recommend this game!
,Recommended,538100,29970223,Posted: 16 February,all,Jules,"This game completely blind-sided me. I have had little faith in indie games, especially early access ones since they've been abundant as of late, but this game was way more fun and atmospheric than I thought it would be. It had a rocky start because I simply did not know how to play and make use of all the combat mechanics until later on, but I love the house crafting, the main crafting system isn't bad either, and I just can not get enough of this game's artstyle and music.I absolutely adore it."
,Recommended,538100,30023877,Posted: 18 February,all,Victus,"Not my cup of tea, good game though. Graphics are fun, but it's very grind-ey"
,Recommended,538100,32794191,Posted: 25 June,all,Hush,"Fun, adorable game that's great with a co-op partner."
,Recommended,538100,35430004,Posted: 2 October,all,jamesraylee,"After some scavenging, I can now build a wooden sword!""Workbench required""Oh crap, it's night time.  Well at least I have an ax""Can't attack with an ax""ded"
76561198122957763,Recommended,538100,33257129,Posted: 4 July,all,xX_Devil_Xx,I'd consider this game to be very good for the short amount of stuff I have actually accomplished in it so far!
76561198050302548,Recommended,538100,26263080,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ZeroGravity,Loved this game when playing with a friend online. Everytime I thought Surely this must be all to the game it's only in early acess the game slaps me in the face and leaves me smiling. The mechanics in combat take some time to get used to but a good crafting system and a suprising amount of content as well as a decent story. It was well worth the purchase.
76561198056109781,Recommended,538100,31656382,Posted: 9 May,all,Velvetlotus,This is a really challenging and fun survival game. I love the cute graphics and musical score.
76561198185085598,Recommended,538100,31896162,Posted: 21 May,all,Dead Justice,Vary fun/good game losts of items 10/10
76561198143717285,Recommended,538100,33798193,Posted: 25 July,all,Explosive_Miner,"This is a very cute pixel game that is very reminiscent of games like Don't Starve. However this is different, it has a story to it, whilst DS has one Feel the Snow has a better, more including one with a totally different feel. Gameplay wise things are missing however it is an early access and a great one at that. This game and it's developers need more support, I would really like to see this game grow and am trying to suggest it to youtubers in the hope of helping."
,Recommended,538100,32773475,Posted: 25 June,all,Canada,"So.Feel The Snow.I had this game greenlit because it gave massive interest,and after i bought this game by selling my GODDAMN SKIN IN CSG-*ahem*it was what I expected.A very calming game with a minecraft feel to it.but I was suprised on a bit of a learning curve for the game on how to do anything,even to the point of looking at help a few times and a few times of checking the controls,not a thing i was expecting.But once you know what to do,maan you could have some fun with this!One thing I was suprised was the wasteland that was multiplayer.I didn't think that this game would be having an empty multiplayer games.Since this game felt like it was made for CO-OP.But eitherways,with the story that is simple that is not too complicated.This game Is not needing much system requirements,so it's ovbiously atleast 30 fps or more.I was lucky to get mine 30-60,mostly 60 fps is what i got,and i'm pretty sure that you will get the same result as me.if not,better,because I have a potato computer.Overall,this game is great."
76561198024933857,Recommended,538100,26046133,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Manderby,"I am only two and a half hours in the game and am hooked. Let's Play in German:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=781143459I have to EDIT this review a little. I did like this game very much until I found out, I am not making progress at all and after about 8 hours of playing still fighting with a wooden sword and constantly being enervated by unintuitive control, I gave up. But I will not downvote this game, it has its fair amount of goodness. Read further on on how I felt during the first few playhours.I am very pleased with this game. For early access, it is already very polished and makes you want to explore more of it.How do I describe this game? Pixels, Sprites, Crafting, Fighting, Exploring, Farming, ... A calm game. But it is far from boring.There are some minor things bothering me about the controls. But this is an early access, so this is not a complaint than rather more a call to the reader to support the developers and buy the game. It is worth it!"
76561198287443283,Not Recommended,538100,34385571,Posted: 20 August,all,MisspugtheIcewing,"A very nice fun sandbox survival-y game! ...but while overall enjoyable, it lacks a lot of nessesarry tutorialing. A few of the monsters feel a bit too powerful for the stage in game you fight them. But what really turns me away from recomending this game is the ungodly long, hard, laggy minigame to escape the cage after getting brilling caps.Edit 1: points for the devs getting back to me quickly though!"
76561198057581260,Recommended,538100,29939115,Posted: 15 February,all,Super Stacheman,Feel the Snow is a frosty game. the story is cool but is unfinished. the netcode is so outdatedit belongs in the ice age. the story reminds of the level in Call of Duty Modern Warefare where u ride the snowmobile down the mountain. the snow in that game looks almost the same as the snow in this game.overall - game is ice cool but multiplayer is yellow snow
76561198137467928,Recommended,538100,33753897,Posted: 23 July,all,tris_scriver,"Amazing game! Only bad thing I could say about it is that, I wish it was compatiable with Macs. The story is great, the pixelated graphics are awesome, there is no glitches that i could find. It runs well and is overall just a fun lighthearted (most of the time) game to play."
76561198174984506,Recommended,538100,29554019,Posted: 28 January,all,kylie_1313,"I received Feel the Snow not too long ago and I absolutely love it! best game I have in my steam library 10/10 shall play forever. The game have a very good concept and I really like how you have to work for the blueprints of things~ The only recommendation/question that I have is if you can dismantle walls.Overall, super relaxing game, kind of like minecraft but better"
76561198066883299,Recommended,538100,29872364,Posted: 12 February,all,walter blacho,"i love and hate this game because i got it right after christmas,i made a huge mistake now i don't want to play it because then i think it is christmas but it is not so i begin to cry.i miss playing this game."
76561198013611866,Recommended,538100,35127574,Posted: 22 September,all,Daggerinthedark,"A fun and relaxing little game that combines resource gathering and crafting mechanics with a simple RPG-esque story. Still in Early Access as of writing this. My friend and I purchased this together because we were looking for something we could play in co-op.Things I like so far:-Visual aesthetics and music are cute, simple, and calming.-Crafting recipes found as drops (primarily from enemies), so your ability to craft scales with your progress through the game.-Making shelters is simple, modular, and straightforward.-Co-op works well. Haven't had any connectivity issues.Things that I dislike (and hopefully they will polish up in future releases).-Combat is a little clunky. You can only attack in one of the four major directions, and lining up special attacks can be a pain.-Level up tree could be cleaned up a little. It took me and my friend a while to learn that you can level up base attributes (damage and defense) instead of just leveling special attacks.-Story could use a bit of polish. You are bounced around from questgiver to questgiver, each of whom has little characterization.I look forward to seeing what new content is released and improved upon as time goes on. I feel like I got a lot of content for an early access game (compared to other early access experiences I've had in the past)."
,Recommended,538100,29386473,Posted: 20 January,all,TheFallen,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!I would recommend this game.It has a few problems specially with the attack move, it requires to face some enemies in order to keep attacking but despite that it is very fun to play.The desing of the foes has a unique style and the soundtrack complements the boss fight's like bread and butter.8/10"
,Not Recommended,538100,31468702,Posted: 30 April,all,Desim,I don't like the controls and the game didn't change in 6 monthsIt's price is spot on for what it is but I think there are more fun games out there.
,Recommended,538100,31899926,Posted: 22 May,all,Pengwin,My favorite game by far.
,Recommended,538100,28965097,Posted: 2 January,all,Raviolli Raviolli,10/10Good game for only 2 people!Also i love the artstyle and the graphics quality.The world needs more games like this!
,Recommended,538100,29126521,Posted: 8 January,all,clickbait,"fun for my imaginary bea, and me"
76561198059416036,Recommended,538100,30705440,Posted: 24 March,all,Mike,"It's a fun and challenging game with crafting, building, questing and many quirky mobs!Recipes for more crafting are found in mob drops, pots and etc. I personally haven't found a chest recipe yet, bearing in mind how many items you seem to accumulate i'm hoping i'll find one soon! xDMobs have pattens to learn, which is interesting, but before you know some of these it's easy to get wrecked during night time. Thankfully you just seem to respawn at the starting village with all of your items.The only bug i've found so far is that i'm not currently able to use my tools, the quick select seemsto have gotten stuck so i'll make a new character to see if this a problem, or maybe i've just done something stupid...Anyway, very much recommend the game, especially as there seems to be a multiplayer option! Hope you don't die as much as I did ;)"
76561198201952992,Recommended,538100,33347656,Posted: 7 July,all,Major4444,"Not the best solo, but its still fun, better with friends! Tell me if you want to  play it! I love the game :D"
,Recommended,538100,30579618,Posted: 17 March,all,Definitely Not Roe,There is leveling. Thats all that needs to be said here.
76561198343271970,Recommended,538100,31065733,Posted: 10 April,all,Airbender7,Such a good game! I love it me and my friend play it all the time! Its filled with action and a good story line! some quest are hard and confusing but the game its self is just amazing! props to feel the snow! such a good game. If you havn't already get feel the snow!
,Recommended,538100,33357798,Posted: 7 July,all,I draw and stuff,"I always loved games like this, it was worth buying even if its still in early development, its pretty entertaining, much like don't starve, i enjoy 2dish survival games, so this caught my attention pretty easily."
,Recommended,538100,26186838,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Eathernete,"Even though ive only played this game for a short time, im in love with it! The art style, the music, even the combat! Its all amazing, and completely unique! heres my first impressions on it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qJzHMTVnHI"
76561198215445443,Recommended,538100,35432864,Posted: 2 October,all,livelovelaugh0214,"I love this game so incredibly much. Its such a simple, mindless game to spend hours on. I enjoy the farming, though slow. Its just an easy, enjoyable game. Feel The Snow has become one of my favorite games to play."
76561198021878244,Recommended,538100,29192999,Posted: 11 January,all,zultar25,Simply a great game!
,Recommended,538100,29976160,Posted: 16 February,all,Jettomatic,"My favorite game, it's so cute :3"
,Recommended,538100,26567496,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,★Donny★,This game sound track is the bomb the hole time playing this game I felt entertained 9.5/10 would play again.
,Recommended,538100,31163502,Posted: 15 April,all,FriskyCthulhu,10/10The music pairs well with Lemon Sour Diesel.
,Recommended,538100,35429363,Posted: 2 October,all,Lutaur,"The game reminds me of a mixture between Minecraft and Don't Starve.Minecraft because of the whole builind a house aspect and DS because of well, everything else.It's a fun little ARPG, it's relaxing and the music is great. The sprites are adorable, and the scenery is cute too.Only issue I would say is that there is no guide atm, so you kind of have to figure out everything yourself. (could be okay to some, but not to my tastes) But then again it's still in Early access and has updates on the way.I hope it improves more and a guide hopefully gets added.If you enjoy DS/DST, then I would reccomend trying this cute little game out.9/10 for me!"
76561198070823302,Recommended,538100,29369669,Posted: 19 January,all,Shroom's The Spooky Mushroom,Very good game i would reccomend it may be new but its super immersive the combat is great  theres a leveling system and best of all a randomly generated world I also love the music alot it is great over all if you have 9 bucks i would reccomend this game.
76561198045205980,Not Recommended,538100,29832186,Posted: 10 February,all,everon1982,Had to return.  It's adorable and probably fun if they controls weren't so bad.  It's impossible to move around quickly enough to fight correctly and so you end up just dying repeatedly.
,Not Recommended,538100,30362001,Posted: 6 March,all,:awkward:: :awkward:: :awkward:,"Seems like an ok game, but if you're buying it for multiplayer, don't bother. The multiplayer is laggy to the point of being unplayable."
76561198096757125,Recommended,538100,32603925,Posted: 20 June,all,wooooop,great game it's fine
76561197998407950,Recommended,538100,26087840,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,flyingcamel,There is always something to do in this game. Very promesing!The only thing I feel is missing are visual equipment on the character (Hat and armour). But thats just a minor detail.This game is worth every penny
76561198036302959,Recommended,538100,31134829,Posted: 14 April,all,À québec on engage les attardées,This game is so Cute i played alone so far and i love the atmosphere i just need someone to enjoy it more with me i guess !
,Recommended,538100,32153666,Posted: 3 June,all,KobeFTW2k17,"Ive only played it for 4 hours and i love it.  It has a great leveling system that makes you have to gride for experince.  The food system could be a little slower in my opinion but it makes you have to eat quit frequently.  The tools have a good amount of durability because they dont break to soon and they dont last for to long makeing you have to constently get new ones.  The biomes are extremly pretty and i love the creatures inside of them.  The dark zones are good cause they make you have to explore the map and find new things and they bring a bit more of a challenge to the game.  Ive played many games that have mana but you dont really need to use it or it just isnt very useful but this game makes mana very important, since the swords eventually break mana, is an infinite weapon.  I love this game to death and cant wait to see it be improved and i hope that the makers of this game get lots of love!"
,Recommended,538100,33881222,Posted: 29 July,all,the_sadone,"10/10Event thought it's in early accessm it'sAWESOME!Perfect terraria/minecraft-like sandbox, different enemies, quests, and many more.Worth buyin' it."
,Recommended,538100,26719700,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Profile Number 76561198050293859,Well crafted game
,Recommended,538100,29410233,Posted: 21 January,all,The Land Before Land,"One of the most adorable, compelling survival RPG's I've playing in a long time. The sound design is excellent, and the art is spot on.  The boss fights are excellently designed and feel akin to the old, very detailed, intricate World of Warcraft bosses (think Grob and 4 Horseman in old Naxx), despite the simplistic nature of the standard combat. I can't wait for the next patch!"
76561198085016887,Recommended,538100,29511047,Posted: 26 January,all,MoonRaz3r,"I definitely recommend this game, it's fun, peaceful, you have a story mode, you have skills and weapons and magic, and you can build your own home. This game is super fun, as i've already said once, and i would love to know when the next update might be coming out!"
76561198198160125,Recommended,538100,30549872,Posted: 16 March,all,GavFox07,Ok so pretty much this is what you will do in this game ( or what I did atleast XD)1) got the recipie for the gate2)make a crap-ton of gates3)find a boar or slime4) spend an hour trying to capture a slime or boar in the fence5) CONGRATULATIONS YOU DID IT6) leave the game so it saves7) comeback8)slime is gone -.-9)find out there is giant slime10)spend hours to capture said slime11) after countless atempts you finnaly do it12) leave game to save13) realise it was the exact same as normal slime and dissapered14) curl up and cry
76561198107921112,Recommended,538100,28579624,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Melly314,Great Game
,Recommended,538100,29438785,Posted: 23 January,all,Young Thug,"Amazing game considering a team of two people are developing everything, the game is still full on content despite being early access. My only complaint would be a laggy multiplayer no matter how fast our pc's/internet is, would be awesome for them to maybe develop a dedicated server tool.Despite the multiplayer experience, the game itself is a 10/10 and i can only assume it will stay 10/10 when they update the multiplayer and add new content!"
,Recommended,538100,33869357,Posted: 28 July,all,VHSDinky,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ A 8bit Game And Multiplayer, AHHHHHHH..-Bought The Game And It was way better than I expected!"
,Recommended,538100,33422813,Posted: 9 July,all,Gearz,Movement needs work and hotbar aswell. But its good. feels like dont starve a little bit. cant wait till full release
76561198089535863,Recommended,538100,29197709,Posted: 11 January,all,C'est la vie!,"Phenominal game, cant wait to play with friends... WHEN I GET SOME.But seriously this is an awesome games, 10/10"
76561198139573696,Recommended,538100,29433822,Posted: 22 January,all,betrayedlotus,Great Game! Only Issue that Needs to be Fixed is the Multiplayer Server Lag. :]
76561198154389722,Recommended,538100,33329503,Posted: 6 July,all,Puggernaut,Kill all the chickens.
,Not Recommended,538100,35392013,Posted: 1 October,all,Siga,Still waiting on the next update because right now this game is seriously lacking
,Not Recommended,538100,26470156,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,staplerx300,"Bought this game for me and my friends, had to return it immediately because Multiplayer was completely broken. We tried hosting on 3 different computers and it didn't work completely on one computer (we couldn't connect), and on the other 2 there was such lag that you wouldn't move for 20-30 seconds after input.Hopefully further along into development they fix this, game has potential so I'd keep my eye on it."
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,538100,26363064,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,matt1184,"It is almost a decent game, but the interface and the bottlenecks you run into while crafting are very annoying.  Why does scrolling through the quick slots work the way it does?  Horribly annoying.  Also, you have to spend vast amounts of time walking the damn wasteland.  Takes too long, and too many resources.  You have to building houses everywhere otherwise you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by monsters.  All in all, don't bother with it unless it is on sale, and you are bored.Have you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s fixed your game?  Is is worth playing, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s?"
76561198084935483,Recommended,538100,26092801,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"This is something different, the same but different. You can craft, find recipes, build armor/weapons etc- I'm really enjoying this game before compared to all the other crafting games I have played. It's fun and cute. You walk around killing monsters that then drop crafting notes (which can be used to craft more things)I haven't learned how to build a house or anything like that yet but I def. look forward to it. The background music is awesome by the way.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CnmnpNM8XU- Part 2 is here if anyone is interested!"
,Recommended,538100,35407041,Posted: 1 October,all,Enzor,A fun cute and casual crafting/survival game!
,Recommended,538100,33198945,Posted: 3 July,all,Frank,This is an amazing adventure game where you get to be a snowman. What more could you want in life?
,Recommended,538100,26083971,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Lichlord Yyratheus Senpai,"I have had so much fun during my time playing this game. This game is well developed. I highly recommend it if you're the type to survive and build houses and such. I love the variety of creatures, the idea that you're basically snow people, and the fact that you can harvest marshmallows straight from bushes. This game is underrated and I would love to spread the word of this game.20/10 Would spend an extra 10 dollars on this game. Keep it up guys.Also, I would definitely love DLC content and the Soundtracks for this game."
,Recommended,538100,35437120,Posted: 2 October,all,Apollyon,Its a good alterative for dont starve but the music is god aweful :)
,Recommended,538100,28981305,Posted: 3 January,all,ThePatchWorkHoax,"The mix of sandbox and RPG style level up and combat can make for a great time playing, Try it yourself and see."
76561198047955230,Recommended,538100,32197777,Posted: 5 June,all,Dan,Great EA Game!  Can't wait for more content !
,Recommended,538100,33844393,Posted: 27 July,all,dog,I like the tiny little snowmen.I like the epic thing sthat you can do like your epic swordman and epic dumbledore stuff.10/10i died 4 nightsgood gameget it
,Recommended,538100,30347578,Posted: 5 March,all,Wiphie,WOW great game love the music put up the price for this great game
76561198102426500,Recommended,538100,33064521,Posted: 30 June,all,Downs Pickle,really fun game
,Recommended,538100,33064696,Posted: 30 June,all,Praven OwL,Really good game
76561198148125750,Recommended,538100,33159295,Posted: 2 July,all,Noodles4Lyfe,10/10 would starve to death again
,Recommended,538100,33285284,Posted: 5 July,all,BadgerButt ✿,"Feels good, man"
,Recommended,538100,29412912,Posted: 21 January,all,ksj,need more map
76561198028990816,Recommended,538100,29987320,Posted: 17 February,all,8BitJake,"This game is worth the money. Very polished for an early access game.If i was the Dev's, i'd up the price of this game."
,Recommended,538100,32729370,Posted: 24 June,all,WhoDaFluer,"Great Game, fun could play for hours!"
,Recommended,538100,35053019,Posted: 18 September,all,skounce,"I haven't been able to get into Minecraft or Terraria, but I always liked this concept of game.I LOVE THIS GAME.I don't feel overwhelemed, there's a story so it has a sense of direction, the atmosphere is AMAZING, so nice, so nice. It's not frantic.Oh, and the combat is really interesting. Challenging to master because it actually requires you to have keyboard and movement reflexes. I really, really like this and I hope you do too. Support the awesome developers and buy it!"
,Recommended,538100,26610668,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,handsome jack(ass),stupidly addicting.
76561198174927349,Recommended,538100,34764410,Posted: 5 September,all,oblivious111,cute and peacful. it was hard to stop playing!
76561198246779586,Recommended,538100,34833494,Posted: 9 September,all,jasonzostov3,"Great from what i have seen so far, really like how the text of the items are easy to read and not too small.8/10."
,Recommended,538100,34779739,Posted: 6 September,all,Thebluebearb,"this game is hard at first but if you just use the wiki on fandom its amazing , i got a  few days ago and ive already played 11.4 hours ( still rising ) . must get it , its amazing !"
76561198007225917,Recommended,538100,30114161,Posted: 22 February,all,Lucifer 666,cool game :)
,Recommended,538100,35401270,Posted: 1 October,all,nehima,"This game is really fun! It takes a while to get used to the combat, but you don't really have to partake in it right away. Pace yourself! Use a bed regularly, and dont go out at night until you're well equiped! I can't wait until this is updated again, I just want more content, haha."
76561198065599442,Recommended,538100,26196833,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,XSkylerReigns,"Multiple game crashes off the bat, I haven't even been able to get to the first night without a crash<edit> After a couple resets the game is running smoothly. Finally able to play through about 10 days and started making my own little base"
76561198144267532,Recommended,538100,33009700,Posted: 29 June,all,anya273310,awesome game
76561198170088698,Recommended,538100,33399025,Posted: 9 July,all,Orange_Knight512,its ok its not the best
,Recommended,538100,26567479,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,CollinTheNetherStar,I
,Recommended,538100,33114271,Posted: 1 July,all,Ninya,I hope this gets updated and not become a thrown away project.
,Not Recommended,538100,26547304,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,otokoyo,"Game provides no mechanic for telling you that your crappy little weak stick is for also breaking crates to get recipies (for you know, like a real weapon)(but somehow the AX and PICKAXE can't be weapons).The map is clunky and doesn't zoom out far enough (zooms WAY too far in).Needs at a minimum custom waypoint, but also needs to let you mark a 'base' for reference.Combat was recently completely broken by the dev choosing to remove the option to use mouse for attacks.Dev says 'you can change this back by changing a DIFFERENT feature setting we added'.Dev actively flags any unflattering review or comment as 'abusive'. If you point out that they took features away, they'll try to have you banned! Shameful, disgusting dev behavior. I do not reccommend supporting this product.For the record, I left my laptop on, running this game, I have NOT played more than 12 hours in total, and NINE of that was to figure out how to not spawn/die ENDLESSLY, EVERY SINGLE NIGHT.Speed is absurdly slow, stamina does not last long enough to acomplish anything, days move so quickly you can't even venture from the old man's shack long enough to build your own (and you CANNOT BUILD IN THE STARTING TOWN)."
,Not Recommended,538100,26094218,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,imabustya,"This game is fun but most of the mechanics are extremely tedius and frustrating. I could potentially recommend this game for it's content at release but not as a pre-purchase in it's current state.Pros:Decent musicInterestingfinding recipe mechanicsinteresting narrativefair priceCons:absolutely terrible combat mechanicsunbalanced AI (although I love the little enemy blocks that slide, its interesting, fun, and requires learning)tedius resource gatheringunbalanced resource gatheringtedius and frustrating recipespoor/incomplete inventory managmentbland art styletedius and frustrating repetitionThis game could be really good if the AI, combat mechanics, resource gathering, and recipe mechanics are reworked and rebalanced. I'm optimistic this game is starting off on the right foot and will be good eventually but there is still a lot of room for failure.**additional input requested**First of all I'd like to say that I payed to alpha/beta test your game. I don't have to write a review and I don't owe you a damn thing. If you are one of the dev's of this project you should really work on your grammar and communication skills if you want more from the public. Demanding I give you more details is incredibly impolite. I understand the intention but unless english is a second language for you, the way you just communicated your wishes to me was incredibly unprofessional and downright rude.I played for 7.4 hours straight after purchase. Most of those 7.4 hours were fun but the longer I played the more I became annoyed with a majority of the game's mechanics around resource gathering, combat, crafting, and exploration. After I had to build my third lamp to enter the dark cave I realized the curiosity of progressing further into the game lost out to the tedium of gathering the resources required to make the item. I won't do the calculation on how many resources it takes just to build one lantern but its significant and those resources take a lot of time to gather. Gathering resources can be a lot of fun in a game but after the initial exploration of what the game has to offer the fun of gathering resources very very quickly vanished. If you want some actual details then sure I'll list a few but it's not going to be all of my grievances with the game because good game designers will spot them quickly and if you don't have any of them on the project its not going to improve with or without my input.Tools wear out much too quickly.Some biomes are way too big and have very little diversity. If the biomes had more diversity within them or pockets of diversity then the current size might just be fine but this is not the case.The hud is extremely uninformative. (how much hp do I have?)Keys are hard binded to the keyboard so they cannot be changed and binding a key function to a mouse button does not work either.Some recipes require far too many resources for the reward they provide. (for example the lantern, and horn)Many items have no explaination while crafting. (If I'm going to spend a ton of resources to build an item I'd like to know what it does first)The combat is rigid, boring, and feels clunky.Anything other than trees and rocks stopping projectiles feels wrong.The movement is unintuitive and frustrating. (constantly moving around dozens of objects whilst fighting creatures that are capable of moving diagnally but my character is incapable of fighting diagnally or shooting projectiles diagonally.)Hitboxes/collision with projectiles is clunky, unforgiving, and unintuitive.No ability to repair items durability. This means instead of spending resources on repairing my low durability weapon I simply throw it on the ground and walk away to build another one because having your weapon break during combat is death. This is a huge problem."
,Not Recommended,538100,26230520,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Beefyrulz,"[Note] Hear me out, there's a damn good reason this review is so long even though I don't recommend it. Like, I'm not just hating on it for no reason.Despite the fact that steam says I've only played 27 minutes, I have played more as I was without internet for a little while and logged a decent amount of playtime then, however it didn't seem to log the time in steam. Anyways, on with the review.Let me just start off by saying that I don't 'hate' this game, but seriously don't even bother wasting your time with it. It's fairly cheap, sure, but even that doesn't justify buying the game. Oh, and hear me out before giving this a thumbs down, like I said I don't hate the game, but I'm trying to be objective here.The menus are a bit clunky, not exactly difficult to navigate or anything like that, just lacks certain... ease of use functionalities that I've grown acustomed to with better designed games. Of course I understand ""Small indie studio, Early access, don't expect it to be perfect blah blah blah"" but regardless of whatever excuses or justification, it doesn't change the fact that it does make the game that much more difficult to enjoy. This includes inventory management, crafting, storage, hotbar, using/binding skills & equipment, etc.Movement is a little messed up. The game is setup in an isometric sort of style, but the character doesn't move along the same axis as the world, which makes it really annoying to try and follow a path or navigate the world. Mind you, it's not 'that' far off, but it's off enough where you'll absolutely notice it, and if you're a stickler for game-feel like me, it will drive you mad.Combat; Before I say anything, I just want to clarify again, I don't 'hate' this game, but I'm just gonna go off in a little rant here. The combat in this game is about as satisfying as a fleshlight lined with sandpaper; It only feels good if you're part of the really niche audience that somehow enjoys that, or if you have no clue what a normal fleshlight feels like. So the combat 'works', but the hitbox is sort of glitchy, or so it would seem. There have been times where I had tried to slash at an enemy, but after the enemy moved in closer, it would be ""outside"" of my sword range, despite literally standing on my toes. Now perhaps this is an issue only I've experienced, I don't know, but I think it's definitely worth mention. Never tried Ranged combat or Magic because I just didn't have the patience to get that far.Basebuilding is kinda goofy. For instance, I was able to build a floor, door, chest, workbench, roof, windows, a garden, and an alchemy table, all before I was able to build walls. Yup, spent most of my time playing without walls, but thank god I had an alchemy table right? Not to mention learn telepathy to hold my roof up. Boy oh boy, I knew how to levitate a giant wooden roof and brew complex potions before I knew how stack wood. Plus the floor/roof tiles are pretty large, which, in my opinion makes the building system pretty boring and leaves very little to creative freedom. But that's neither here nor there. Not to mention when trying to place something that has multiple variants (colors, different placement angles, etc.) you just had to scroll with no indication of what's coming up or what you've already past, just a number. Again, neither here nor there, but just another small thing that makes this game 'that' much more difficult to enjoy.One of the last points is the games difficulty. Mind you, I'm not saying the game is ""difficult"" per se, but it feels like it's half-in/half-out of the pool of hardcore survival. In general this game seems/seemed like it was going to be a pretty light/casual open-world survival game, however with small inventory stacks (10 per stackable item), and relatively scarce resources (scarce in terms of how much you need versus how easy it is to gather quickly), it makes the game feel as though it's trying for more of a hardcore survival feel. Now before anyone says, ""UGH It's not that hard to gather resources you just suck!"" I know, I agree with that first part, it's not particularly difficult to gather resources, but at the same time when I have to spend an entire (in-game) day gathering grass just so I can fill my hunger bar or gather marshmallows to refill my HP, that's a little rediculous. Regardless very early on I figured out it's much easier to just let my character die and respawn than to actually keep myself fed or healed, and that's not a good thing for any player to decide for any game. And again, ""Early access blah blah"" doesn't change the fact of what the game is right now and whether or not I would recommend it right now, which I wouldn't.On a brighter note, I do think the artstyle is pretty cute. The game itself is aesthetically pleasing, with a consistent art-style and nice colors. Not to mention the soundtrack is pretty good too. So kudos to the art and music designers. Unfortunately those are the only commendations that come to mind.TLDR; On a scale from 0-10 where a 7 = buy the game, this game is a solid 6 and a half. Generally not a particularly enjoyable game, but it's not horrible, it's cheap, and it looks nice and has 7.8/10 music.One way I would put it; In an age where so many indie developers intentionally release ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games to scam money out of people, these developers don't seem villainous, just inexperienced, and not even terribly so, just a little bit."
,Recommended,538100,30241495,Posted: 28 February,all,Faze Rose,-First night- i'm dieing of starvation- i ask my friend for some food-eats food in front of me-i call him a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥-then i died of food starvation10/10 would die again
,Recommended,538100,35411049,Posted: 2 October,all,☭ Hells Bells ☭,You play as a cute lil snowman called Willie. Willie doesn't know what the ♥♥♥♥ he's doing. Willie decides to commit suicide by jumping off a cliff. Willie realizes he can't ♥♥♥♥ing do that. Willie starves to death.
,Recommended,538100,26428472,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Silvrocity,Wind BladeCan be used three times in a RAW
,Not Recommended,538100,32797310,Posted: 25 June,all,diemockingbird,"Not great. You just stare at a white screen the whole time. The music is terrible and repetitive and you can''t go into options to turn it off so you can listen to your own tunes. It's fine for about two hours, then you notice how numb your mind has gotten and how you don't care to find the next quest objective or recipe. Stick to Don't Starve for your survival needs."
,Not Recommended,538100,27885420,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Juju,"Alright. If you enjoy sandbox games solo, this is the game for you. If you enjoy coop sandbox games, this is not for you. Yet.Multiplayer is extremely laggy. We have tried hamachi and evolve. Nothing made a dent in the lag. It is virtually unplayable for anyone connecting to the host. I unfortunately exceeded refund criteria. :(Single player; it is fun and very simple to go through the game. Similar to Don't Starve.  They are improving the gameplay quite a bit but I prefer co op so I'm going to say no good for this one."
76561197999265770,Recommended,538100,35392299,Posted: 1 October,all,Scutter,"No updates since June - maybe abandoned even website looks dead - took the money and ran by the look at that .. i got a note from a Dev - looks like they very late with update , since i have played this game and enjoy it ill give it a thumbs up for the response - but a note on the website would be nice in future"
,Recommended,538100,26170796,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,KR,nice la
,Not Recommended,538100,26282812,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Vinrafel,"First Impressions Video:https://youtu.be/cGADvfOdzYcFeel the Snow felt like a game that was trying to be Don't Starve with more story. In some ways it did okay, in others it failed.To start off, this is a fairly basic survival crafting game. You go out, pick up resources, and craft a variety of things to help you survive. Another layer is added to this as there are NPC all throughout the world that you can talk to to go through quests and progress the story.The crafting system is where this game really fails. On the surface it's no different from Don't Starve's. If you have the resources in your inventory, you click a button to build the item. However, you begin with very few recipes and new recipes are only found through items dropped by killed monsters. What this leads to is grinding to try to find basic recipes like wooden walls or a weapon better than a stick. I don't like grinding to begin with, I don't like it any better in this game.The quests were boring. Of the quests I did so far in my time playing there were fetch quests and ""go to a point, maybe kill a thing"" quests. They were also very linear. One quest involvedfinding a witch. The quest had you talk to and old man to find the witch. I just so happened to have ran into her in my travels. The quest would not allow me to talk to the witch until I had gotten her location from the old man.The graphics are where this game succeeds the most. They're not crazy, out of this world graphics, but they are quite charming and give a good aesthetic to the world.Overall, I can hardly say that I enjoyed my time with the game. I wouldn't recommend it, but if you can get past my issues with it, you might enjoy this game."
76561198102278016,Not Recommended,538100,33908749,Posted: 30 July,all,Gnu2u,"I am not a fan of this game.  It is difficult to control and play.  The enemies seem to hard when starting out.  There are things that are required to have better weapons, potions and to get to them is hard because of the enemies.  It was not fun to me."
76561198018412617,Not Recommended,538100,29933805,Posted: 14 February,all,Flicken,"The game says it is multiplayer, it is not. I have the best internet connection money can buy. I even turned off everything but Hamachi, Vent, and Feel the Snow, and my friend still lagged to death, not even able to load his character.The google searches turned up nothing but, ""Turn off everything else""Why this game needs over 100mps is beyond me. They need to fix Multiplayer big time, as that is the only reason my friends and I bought this. We were looking for a multiplayer Stardew Valley, what we got was a crappier version of SP Stardew Valley."
76561198072162999,Recommended,538100,26635739,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Roxy-Killy,the game is very glitchy for me and i'm unable to do anything
,Not Recommended,538100,28176539,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,artemispark,"i bought this game in hopes to play it with my boyfriend. its a cute little pixel game with a nice style.but.it seriously needs its own designated survers. this game would be so cute and amazing but so far its completely broken and cannot be played at all.im sure single player works great but it cannot be played with others.you should not advertise this game as multiplayer and co-op if it cannot be played as such.if i could do a moderate rating for this i would but i cant :(*if you're going to write a comment complaining to me about how its only an early access game, dont bother, im just going to delete it :)one of the game creators even told us explicitly to refund the game if it wasnt working out for us. so idk what you all have to complain about. I gave my experience and if thats not something they want to work on that is their choice and thats fine :) but my experience was negative and my review will continue to be until I am satisfied with progress. you can read their comments here :)http://steamcommunity.com/app/538100/discussions/0/348293292499698628/"
,Not Recommended,538100,30246025,Posted: 28 February,all,JaBu,"This game is kinda boring. I didnt like it, it looked cool when i saw the trailer but this is boring cause quests and hard-to-find bosses."
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,538100,29405628,Posted: 21 January,all,Razter,"Game is very meh. No explanations/tutorials (this will drive you insane when you try to figure out how to resource gather).Controls are horrible and really need a lot of work.Even for this type of game, the graphics are pretty low end.Music I turned off after about 5 mins. (I almost turned it off before I ever got in game due to it blaring at you really LOUD in the game menu)Nothing about this really appealed to me.I thought it might be a cute or interesting item similar to something like ""Don't Starve""...but no.(P.S. If you respond to this, do not tell me how to play the game and do not toss about insults. I will delete such comments.)"
,Recommended,538100,26050033,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Casanova Kurai,"First Impressions Video Review!Watch my video HERE! :)Watch My Quick Start Guide HERE!It was Fun! definitely could have helped if I didn't go north and miss the old guy, then take a giant circle around the map XD.But so far it's fun! :D I'll play more soon!"
76561198065366194,Not Recommended,538100,30989789,Posted: 6 April,all,Volgin,"I bought this game cause it has multiplayer system, yet it was really impossible to connect to my friend. I tried different methods but can't connect still, probably good as a single player."
,Recommended,538100,35392084,Posted: 1 October,all,CopyCwat,good
,Not Recommended,538100,35402693,Posted: 1 October,all,"2,4-DNPH","Horrible controls. No guides, no help at all."
,Not Recommended,538100,28622893,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Butterbeef,multiplayer sucks
,Not Recommended,538100,32846670,Posted: 27 June,all,TheHotMap,Tried this game with online multiplayer and immediately got a refund. It was way too buggy and laggy to actually do anything.
76561198066485288,Not Recommended,538100,27680034,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Marge Blimpson,I cant even walk.
76561198173920498,Not Recommended,538100,28397084,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,xXDR P3PSIXx,"BrokenApon start up of the game there is a game breaking bug which for me starts the game and makes the screen all glitchy and bugged out, may be something on my side i dont know whats going but i was really dissapointed to just have bought this game and not even able to play it"
76561198013480714,Not Recommended,538100,26207620,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,[ProW]Acipenseriformes,"As for now the game itself is indeed fun. But if you want to connect to somebody from another country further away, then you cannot play together properly at all. It lags too badly and this shouldn't happen. I saw some ''workaround'' crap from the noob developers. Saying to try using Hamachi if it doesn't work smoothly via steam. Instead of using some third party software, which can under circumstances not be safe at all, the devs should work on that instead.If you want to be a developer, then at least try to act like one and not some wannabe developer who gives very stupid advices.Another one would be ''Use the refund function''.Come on dude, are you for real? Such a dumb person you must be seriously.Definitely cannot recommend the game as it is if you wish to play multiplayer smoothly that is.Note: It may be early access (Just like other hundreds or thousands of titles and they never got released in the end), but attitude like the one from the developer is clearly pushing it.Otherwise just download the game elsewhere and don't bother paying for this. :)"
76561198059431525,Not Recommended,538100,28523962,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,whoops,"welp, seeing as i cant refund this game due to Valve's ridiculous policy of ""unless the game sucks in 2 hours, you dont get your money back"" i guess im stuck writing a less-than-shining review instead.honestly speaking, i was interested in this when i saw the Game Grumps play it - it seemed to have a quirky kinda survival aspect to it with cute graphics + nice music. and that's right about where the good points stopto begin - this game throws you in with NOTHING. no quick tutorial on what button does what or anything, or how to fight or any of that jazz, y'know, typical game fare tell your players how to get started in your game. this only makes it harder because this game cant seem to make up its mind on what you should be using to play - keyboard or mouse? you can left-click to use weapons, but you have to use 'E' to harvest or use tools - but in order to relight fires or cook things (something you're not informed is even a thing) you need to USE THE MOUSE to click+drag the item, from the (painfully small + unintuitive) inventory, into the minuscule hitbox that is the fireplace before the fire burns out in .02 seconds. building is generally confusing, as im used to games that automatically assume wall corners + such - having to manually cycle through a series of wall + roof options is annoying - especially when, again, no tooltips or tutorial. i didnt even know that to remove structures i needed a tool! two, actually! the saw for roofs, and the hammer for floors, walls + everything else. just make it one tool, for simplicity's sake!which brings me to another point - this game is poorly balanced in a lot of regards. your stamina drains too fast to cover any sort of ground in this HUGE world - this place is seriously too big for you to be going THAT SLOW. not to mention constantly holding shift, while trying to hit 'W' and 'A' so you can go down in this isometric landscape while trying to evade a dustspeck that can block you HURTS. the world time goes by too fast for you to really accomplish anything, seeing as by day 22 i FINALLY completed the first quest of the game - oh, and the aforementioned fire times are just frustrating when you're trying to cook 80 herbs so you dont starve while you wait for eternal night to end.the only monsters that dont immediately assblast you into oblivion are the slimes - all the other monster are nerfed when compared to the miserable excuse of armour + weaponry you actually have to kill monsters for - thats right, in order to not die from monsters, you have to somehow kill them, and somehow win the RNG game and get a useful blueprint, that then requires obscene work to get the materials for, for it to maaaybe take 5 points of damage off of enemy strikes. also the armour, weapons + tools? yeah, they wear down at an incredibly stupid rate - which means constant farming for rocks and trees and twigs and flintall the quests are your typical, boring ""talk to person A, but before they help you, you have to go to destination B and get X number of object C"" and in my 7 hours of gameplay, i have yet to even see any sort of story progression beyond saving Joe - who only sells 3 types of candy :/as for why i gave up trying to play, and why i attempted to refund, was that ridiculous mushroom shaman quest - no matter how fast i ran and sliced, i always miss those lil mushroom buggers with a hitbox the size of an atom. also, the fact that A) they dont give any sort of warning where and when they pop up and B) they stay up for a stunning .00005 milliseconds makes this quest frustrating enough to want a refund. heads up game devs: a frustrating game is not a fun game, nor a survival game!"
,Not Recommended,538100,31268703,Posted: 20 April,all,PhYrO,so boring
76561198100788472,Not Recommended,538100,34666794,Posted: 1 September,all,EliteAssassins,this game wasted my money and not give my money back they scam you cant even play its so bad  no fun my friend told me to get it when i dont like it i just want my money back now! i am really mad
,Recommended,538100,26457474,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MiniBiggi,"Interesting, fun, kinda cute. Slaughtered all masculinity I had.One thing that really annoys me is the goddamn loud sound that a tool makes when it breaks.""Ah... just digging up lovely little snow balls""*Digs shovel into soft, white snow*Cli-BWANGPisses me the ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Recommended,538100,26468767,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,K!netic,"This is more like Crashlands than Don't Starve. There's not much of a survival element to it; you quickly stock up on food, there's no insanity-meter, and temperature only affects you in one small region. Given the quests and bosses, it's very, very much like Crashlands.That's not meant as a bad thing, this a fun game that I spent a whole day playing. It's an early access game, so there's more content that is clearly planned to happen, but even right now I never felt bored with it. Six hours well spent.I'd definitely recommend it, but I really hope the game finds some way to set itself apart from other similar titles as it goes on. It hit all the right notes, but never felt ""remarkable"". That's probably a mean thing to say about a game that clearly had effort put into it and succeeds in so many ways, but none of its gameplay or story or music or gamefeel or map or anything was _outstanding_. It gave me nothing very memorable, just a nice day playing the kind of game that I like."
76561198122997898,Recommended,538100,30961660,Posted: 5 April,all,Jackinthebox110,This game is awesome I can wait till it's done.
76561198205714093,Recommended,538100,31149797,Posted: 14 April,all,migeelpv,"First of all, this game has many great qualities and is very unreconized for how amazing it is. I love the games way of making  it so you don't get bored over a long period of time, because of it's quests and new and expansive areas in the game. I fully to recomend the game and believe that for an Early Access game it is doing an icredible job. One problem that I have run into is that multiplayer seems to cut out for the joiners and will lose connection. This may just be a problem with my internet and I am not trying to fully blame the game for this and believe that it is probably an easy fix. This games simplicity with the graphics makes it such a gorgeous game. Finally, this game has great potential and this game is sure to be a game that I will personally play for a long time."
,Recommended,538100,29795195,Posted: 8 February,all,JamesFish21,Played it for a bit. I enjoyed the game. It is advertised correctly on the store page. So if it is something that does interest you give it a buy. Will be checking this game out more when it gets closer to its full release.
76561198260938644,Recommended,538100,29036772,Posted: 5 January,all,Frodo,"Excellent game, huge map and a decent amount of craftable items.Super adorable art style.Building a little house is fun.Gardens!!!Enemies are pretty rad. They definitely get harder to kill depending on the enemy and your weapon/armor.I think this game would excel if it had Full Controller Support or a better system for using the keyboard. With a game like Stardew Valley I can play using the keyboard for hours and not get frustrated but something about this game + keyboard gets me a little frustrated after a while.Otherwise, if you are looking for a pretty relaxed exploring/crafting game then Feel The Snow would be a great buy."
76561198010134705,Recommended,538100,35508256,Posted: 5 October,all,Selva,"Steam does not have a neutral stance for reviews.  It needs to.  The question is ""Do you reccomend this game?""  Which to me says you eather have a positive view of the game or you don't.  That leaves me normally saying ""No"" to averagfe games because, if neutral, I don't reccomend the game.  So, I'm rather on the happy side of neutral with ""Feel the Snow""  (Not the best title) if I'm giving it a ""Yes I Recomend it.""  I do recomend it.  But only barely.  You probably want to get it on sale.I've read other reviews.  I've heard some of the complaints.  Most of them I think have been fixed since the review was written.  The character could be a tad faster but that is a quibble.  My biggest issue with ""F.t.S."" is that it REALLY needs mouse controls.  The keyboard controls feel very clumsy with this sort of game.  This sort of control scheme feels like something from the 80's and not in a good way....sorry.  Not used to writing positive reviews.  So.  Short version, if you can get past some issues this seems like it's going to be pretty good.  Scratches lots of itches.  Farming, survival, has a plot.  You could do worse."
