user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,538680,34229057,Posted: 13 August,all,Flan 🍮,"- I have NEVER heard of this game before..- Never play The Legend of Heroes series........................................yet...this is my best purchase on steam, Love the game so far.I'm not even beat this game yet.-Story rich-Awesome Music BGM-Very high quality port-A school setting-Interacting party members-Very cool MC and ""lovely hard working Seito Kaichou"" ❤plz port more sequel ""Trails of Cold Steel II and Trails of Cold Steel III"" and take my money.Best JRPGs I've ever played.Better than Final Fantasy / Tales series / Persona. (For me)∞❤ / 10------------after beat the game, I never sleep in peace until Trails of Cold Steel II come out. TT"
,Recommended,538680,34081788,Posted: 7 August,all,Frasdaku,I need Cold Steel II right now!
,Recommended,538680,34034657,Posted: 5 August,all,Saibot,"In the early hours of Cold Steel, I was worried... worried that it couldn't live up to the lovely standards set by Trails in the Sky. However, after my first year spent as a student of Class VII, I can confidently say that it has, and knowing that this is just the beginning of a new series fills me with great anticipation.If you've played Trails in the Sky FC, SC and TC you'll know what to expect. A great story, compared with wonderful Soundtrack, depth when it comes to characters and a wonderful Gameplay mechanic. Cold Steel is a game in its own, you dont have to play FC, SC and TC to understand the story. However if you HAVE played those Games, you'll get a better view at some point in the Story.My Specs:i7 7700k @ 4.2ghzGTX 1070 EVGA SC @ 8GB VRAM16GB DDR4 RAMI play on highest available Settings possible and on 1920x1080p and FPS unlocked to ""Limitless"".I get 144 FPS constantly without any drops so far and it feels really good on my 144 Hertz Monitor.Performance-wise this is a Gamers Dream.I'm crying just because I'm able to play this on my PC without having to buy a ""Console"" for it.The Game has so much to offer and if you really wanna play this Game - take some time. You have to invest around 60 Hours (Depends on your playstyle) to finish the Game.*RECOMMENDED*"
76561198022176920,Recommended,538680,34312374,Posted: 17 August,all,Belphegor,"I've never posted a game review in my entire life, however, this game made me feel things I haven't felt from a RPG in a very long time. Not since FF7 have I felt a twist in a story this hard.  I'd like to think that I am pretty savy when it comes to RPGs especially JRPGs, but, I geniunely felt surprised if not totally shcoked by what this game has presented me with.  I talked to every character I could (after I got the hang of the social aspect of the game) and not only did the dialogue keep me interested, it made the game so much richer because of it.  *Gives developers and designers a standing ovation with tears in his eyes* BRAVO I SAY, BRAVO!"
,Recommended,538680,34466424,Posted: 24 August,all,BUMP OF CHICKEN,How can one game have so many best girls
76561198053697375,Recommended,538680,33975442,Posted: 2 August,all,Zephyr,"I put many many hours into the PS VITA version of Trails of Cold Steel by XSeed when it originally came out in the UK last year. As a fellow player of the previous two Trails in the Sky games, prior knowledge is not nessicary in order to start this game. Those who have played the previous iterations will find a deeper meaning and some fun references through characters and mentions however, but nothing that will take awaty the experience for a newcomer.This game, while an engine at fault, suffered frame issues on the VITA so being able to play this in a better quality, not only 60 FPS appeased me to get it once again. Falcom themselves, the original developers of the game have something unique in the craft of their games in this series, as once finished, you'll be yearning for more. That being said, first installments to a new adventure are usually slower than most. However, unlike sky, Cold Steel has an argueably more hooking beginning.The battle system is one of the most refined in the Trails series yet. We lose some features like Rush, but we also gain a different way to do battle in the way of Master Quartz, to furter augment the skillsets and stats of your characters and the ability to swap them lets you build your characters in interesting ways.Overall, a highly recommended title. Please tell your friends so we might get Cold Steel 2 next.10/10"
,Recommended,538680,34379506,Posted: 20 August,all,Ascheroth,"Trails of Cold Steel is part of the Trails/Kiseki series, of which there is also Trails in the Sky on Steam. Cold Steel is set on the same continent and 1½ years after the events of Trails in the Sky, but in a different country and with a new main cast. Having played Trails in the Sky is not necessary (but highly recommended, they are awesome games after all!), it's fine starting with this one.Port: Ported by Durante (you might know him as the one responsible for DSFix if you played Dark Souls) the game runs on a toaster and offers a wealth of graphical options. There is also a Turbo Mode, which allows you to speed up the game with the press of a button.So, what about the game itself?- GREAT story and writing. It starts slow and steady as you get to know the world and its inhabitants and events slowly and slowly escalate and escalate until it culminates into an explosion of awesomeness that blasts your jaw to the ground while you scream internally (and externally) like a little child and then it's over and GIVE ME THAT SECOND GAME NOW.- Characters are pretty good. Not as good as the Trails in the Sky cast, but still pretty good. Some of them make a terrible first impression (looking at you Machias) but all of them get a ton of growth and character development over the course of the game.- NPCs: If you take the time and talk with them (all of them offer new unique dialog after every little story progression), you learn a lot about the world, their lives, relationships, problems,... Many of them even have  their own little story arcs going on over the course of the game and at the end I knew the students of Thors Military Academy as good as the main cast.- Combat is turn-based with a maximum of 4 active party members. It has elements of positioning and turn-order manipluation and the challenge level is pretty good.- Music: It's a Falcom game, of course it has an awesome soundtrack :P- Length: around 60-80 hours depending on how deliberate you are- Voice Acting: No Japanese voices included, but there is a mod for that if you want. The english dub however is very good and has around 5000 more voiced lines than the japanese one."
76561198030250504,Recommended,538680,34004588,Posted: 3 August,all,Heatgold,"Don't be fooled by my play time as I played this game and its sequel on ps3 and bought it again here to support this series on pc.The port is very good in terms of performance and graphical settings and launcher thanks to Durante. I have a GTX 760 and I am playing the game at maximum settings @1080p. I am getting between 50 and 60 fps unlike the 30 fps on consoles. It has a turbo mode to boot to save plenty of your valuable time in battles, saving your game and traversing the fields.The following is my review of the game proper:This game is one of the best jrpg'sI played in recent memory; it's very long though and has huge replayability factor due to its game plus mode and the need to play it more than once to get all achievements for their hunters out there.Despite the above praise, this game presents no real innovations in the jrpg genre, but it excels at what it does. It spends so much time in world building and making you so much attached to and invested in getting to know the characters. The characters are, for the most part, unique, complex and have interesting back stories. Even the countless NPC's are unique and have their own personalities and problems. I was reminded of persona sometimes when I played it, which is a good thing, due to its social-link like mechanic with your fellow classmates and exams.The graphics are a slight letdown but this is more than compensated by its great gameplay, beautiful music, nice English dub, which isn't full but much more is English dubbed than many other Japanese games.The battle system is turn based in the tradition of classic Japanese rpgs like persona and the earlier final fantasies and utilising enemies weaknesses, delaying enemies' (particularly bosses' turns) and performing links with your party members play a crucial role in securing your victory in battles. Also, despite spending a long time grinding for levels and items in this game, I never really got bored or annoyed by the battle system, which is a huge plus in a long game in my book.Despite being long and very detailed that it makes you feel part in its universe, the game ends on a cliffhanger, which prepares you for its sequel as it is part of a trilogy.This is the definitive edition of this game due to the excellent port and its various enhancements, which made me want to replay it despite my huge backlog."
,Recommended,538680,34797400,Posted: 7 September,all,Yatagarasu,"This game singlehandedly sets the standard for all future Japanese PC ports. By recruiting optimization modder Durante to actually provide optimizations and post launch support, Xseed has proven that PC porting isn't as expensive or difficult as major publishers like Square Enix pretends it is. On top of optimizations are PC exclusive features like Turbo Mode, an FOV slider, and autosaves. Xseed and Falcom are proving to be the CD Projekt RED of JRPGs, and their games happen to be of that quality as well.As with every Trails game, this game is just as phenominal as the Trails in the Sky trilogy was. It's one of the only JRPGs I could ever immediately start a NG+ on minutes after the credits roll. The characters are well written and fleshed out, the world is meticulously handcrafted to be unique and interesting, and the major story beats sets up the incredible sequel very well.This is an excellent game to get into the Trails franchise. It was designed with newcomers in mind, yet still retains everything veterans love about the franchise. The amount of quality hours you can put into this game makes the full asking price worth it, and all purchases of this game is directly making a statement about what PC JRPG players want out of their ports."
76561197979460111,Recommended,538680,33976181,Posted: 2 August,all,Shizuka Hoshijiro,"Welcome to ""The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel"" (ToCS)My review is based on my PS3 experiences (Cleared ToCS I and II twice), early PC insights and my personal opinion about this game.Trails of Cold Steels:-J-RPG-Turn-Based-Flexible skillsystem with a lot of strategy-Not the hardest but really pleasant difficulty [Normal](Go hard if you would like more of a challenge)-Story rich (Can drag on a bit at the beginning but it's getting really epic and interesting once you are hooked)-It's quite linear but you have time to discover various places and towns (You have your freedoms)-No prior knowledge needed (Trails in the Sky or the other titles - Just light references)-Great and illustre characters and character development-Motivating to deepen the bonds (Similar to Persona)-Almost every character (NPCs included) has his/her own story-A lot to do (amsuing sidequests, minigames, discovering and collecting various stuff)-Average graphics in general-A lot of love put into details, characters and environment-Graphics are still way better compared to PS3!-A lot of improvements over the PS3 version like higher resolutions, higher frame rates (60 FPS), depth of field, shadows and so forth-Really great OST which is underlining situations and the mood greatly (Still listening to them from time to time)Playtime: Between at least 80 hours and 120+ (Average for my first time was around 110 - PS3)-It's the first game of a trilogy-ToCS II will come later to PCs and ToCS III will release in Japan this year+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++It's pretty difficult to recommend this to everyone depending on what you like...and if you have some experience from games like Trails in the Sky FC/SC/TC and PersonaAt best I would say it's a mix of the previous Trails in the Sky and ""Persona"" in general-It's a mix because like in Persona you have your everyday school life and mysterious battles/characters-You are deepening your bonds with the ""main characters"" and getting to know their personality. This depends on the time you are giving each of them individually (Pretty similar to Persona)The rest of the game is how you know it from Trails in the Sky-A lot of text-based conversations with spoken dialogues (way above average RPGs)-A lot of details put into the story, the chraracters, background information and collectibles-A lot of different things to do (next to the main story) like fishing, playing cards, quests and so forthThe basic story (without spoilers) is best explained in the short wikipedia description I'm quoting here:""The game's plot is centered around the newly formed special class ""Class VII"" in Thors Military Academy, composed of both aristocrats and normal Erebonian citizens. Class VII is the only class in the entire academy that does not segregate the two different social classes.The game follows Class VII throughout their school year, mainly around the times when Class VII receive special field training that takes them all over Erebonia. Throughout their training across Erebonia, Class VII matures and casts aside their preconceptions of the two social classes and witness first hand the reality of the empire; The power struggle between the aristocracy led by the four noble houses, and the working class reformists led by Iron Blood Chancellor Osborne which threatens to lead to a civil war.""+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++So who would I recommend it to?=> People who like Persona and are into spending time to develop bonds with various characters=> People who like to play turn-based games with deep strategy (You can abuse every system...)=> People who are into longer games (Average time = 90-100+ hours)=> People who are seaching for a great story where everything feels connected (Characters, Story, Backgrounds)=> People who don't dislike certain clichés+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++POSSIBLE LIGHT SPOILERS! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !Some random notes at the end (Just for me or maybe you even like it => (My Personal opinion)-Rean is a great chracter for me [Realistic - Intersting - Mysterious]-Rean is human/kind and may come across as your ""typical"" hero [He is not - but he tries]-His schoolmates come from various societies and families-They have all their traits and quirks-They don't get along too well at the beginning and even later-Problems will arise among themselves-They are at odds with themselves-The different reasons for their behaviour/quirks are explained well and make them loveable-The battles are fun and interesting-The characters for battle are changing depending on the school trips and where you are in the story-Even if you are not leveling you don't have to fear to be underleveled and to grind endlessly because you are getting more EXP the lower your average level is compared to the current monsters you are fighting-You are even getting less EXP when you are higher compared to the average level of the monsters you are fighting-It was a pleasure catching all kinds of fish (Fishing), to play Blade (Card Game), to collect certain books and read a novel from time to time and to get to know more about the society and the world around ToCS-A lot of German words mixed into the game (I'm from Germany so it's quite funny how they use different terms)-Fun scenes: School trips, schwimming, awkward/funny situations the characters are getting into, school festival...One of the best J-RPGs in recent years! ;o)"
76561197989789247,Recommended,538680,34594795,Posted: 29 August,all,threepwood007,"HAving played both the console and now this PC version:HOLY ****For the game itself: it's excellent. Think Persona 3/4/5 but with less social links and more combat. It's got a lot of character interaction, an excellent story and world, and engaging combat system that makes the turn-based droll nonexistent.AND: THIS is how to do a PC port. Literally every publisher and developer needs to pay attention to this. Not only did they add the voice lines and whatnot, but they made this the most streamlined PC port I've ever played. Customizable out the whazoo, this game was made not only to survive on the PC but also to THRIVE.10/10 would 100% everything all over again."
,Recommended,538680,34033581,Posted: 5 August,all,Matt,"You'll love this if you like:1. A long and detailed story2. A focus on characters and how they interact being a gameplay mechanic as well as a story one3. Memorable main characters, each with their own personality, backstory and supporting characters4. A great soundtrack5. Tactical turn-based battles6. Gear and itemisation choices7. Japanese anime art style and influences, but in a Westernised setting8. An excellent PC port and localisationIf you've played Trails in the Sky 1-3 you'll get more out of the lore and world-building in this one - it is set not long after Trails in the Sky 3 ends - but it isn't required to get the full experience from the game."
,Recommended,538680,34497179,Posted: 25 August,all,Ecchigoya,"I've never been so amazed, Serously this game is freakin' awesome!!!!!All I can say is:Very, I mean very rich storyCharacters are cool and likeableGreat battle mechanicsSoothing and great BGM'sDamn blade mini game so addictingCan't wait for TOCS2 and 3 to be ported here in PC."
76561198037576203,Recommended,538680,34051285,Posted: 5 August,all,KingCoconut,"So- forward. I haven't beaten this game yet. It's hella long, and I use the valley girl terminology because I haven't finished the game yet, but here's my opinion so far.This game is great, if you're patient.It starts with a prologue featuring characters you don't know not particularily showing off their unique personality traits, fighting a threat that you don't quite understand, to save some land mass or another that you aren't really sure what it is.Then we flash back and you go through a bunch of cutscenes and don't really have any meaningful exploration for a long time, and your first interaction with the world keeps you out of every building except the one you're supposed to go to in a whole town of buildings, then your first real open, explorable instance is a dungeon with narrow pathways and a set party of character that aren't in the all important in media res prologue. And then you're introduced to literally 10 characters at once, all of which have those weird ""Japanese trying to be German"" kind of names. You know the ones. The main character is ""Rean Schwarzer"". Yes, every other name will be about in that vein, and yes, every character introducing themselves to every other character will use first name/last name, no matter how unimportant or even impeding to the situation it would be to introduce their last name. Seriously. There's a whole chapter and several interpersonal conflicts in the game that could be avoided if the characters just introduced themselves casually with their first name.However, after that, things start to open up. The first chapter introduces a ton of characters that will be in your party, and not only are they all playable, you can do bonding events to give your character better unison attacks with them in combat. Your choices change stats and how you would most optimally play the game. I mean, I'm sure there's a speedrun optomized bonding strategy, but it seems like no matter who you choose to be friends with, there are advantages.Also, the game is (almost) all voice acted, with only odd parts of scenes cutting out of dialogue into that kind of chat.. bubbling sound. You know the one. I thought the voice acting fit the characters pretty well, and there were only a few issues there. The protagonist breathes really heavily at the end of any line that has emotion, the lead love interest has a nasaly voice that sounds weird when she says ""fire"", which is a pain because she has a fire ability by default, and there were not pop guards on the mic because everybody says their t's way too prominently. Honestly, though, those are tiny complaints, and it's not like the voice actors were at all bad, so honestly it's pretty solid. The music is good, combat sounds are fitting, generally pretty solid.The combat system, though, is why this game makes the big bucks and the good reviews. I mean, this is a game for the patient, but if you are patient, you can learn why this game kicks so much butt. You get this kind of ""master build"" orb, which changes your stats, and on it you put little mini orbs that give you moves, abilities, and stat boosts. So you can build your characters to be whatever you want them to be and change them on the fly. There's like 3 different currencies to get there, but again, if you're patient, you make the big bucks. Combat begins in the overworld, and if you aren't careful, that might be where it ends. You have a field attack that's there to stop monsters for a second so you can run past them, unless you attack them from the rear, which stuns them.A normal ""approach from the rear"" by you gives your team one extra turn each. A stunned monster attacked from the rear gets two turns of damage and a health decrease. However, even if you've punched a monster four times, stolen it's treasure, and ran off into the horizon, if it attacks you the monsters start surrounding your team with two turns each. This will kill the greater half of your team most of the time unless you're playing easy. But provided that blunder doesn't kill you, the battle can begin!You have like 3 different meters, and they have their own names but I don't care so I'm calling them what they are. HP, MP, and like... rage or something. You run out of HP you die. You run out of MP you can't use your cool two turn charge attacks, revives, and most of the heals. Run out of rage and you have to punch something again to get it back, and it's used for instant, character specific special attacks and really strong entire meter draining... mega attacks? Let's go with mega attacks.But that's not what makes the combat fun.It's fun because it exists in a 3-d plane that your characters can move around in. If they're too far away to hit an enemy, they will move up as close as they need to, provided they can make it that far, and hit the enemy. You can also sacrifice a turn to move which is often strategically advantageous, since magic takes a hot second to cast and you can see on the ground where the casting radius will be. Since every monster has a location and space they take up, positioning is a big deal. If your group has your durable people in the front, wimps in the rear healing, you'll be way better off against physical threats that would have to blow through your front line, howeever AOE magic spells would hit everyone at once.And enemies really require knowledge on how to beat them. You'll die a bunch unless you read a walkthrough or grind a ton. For example, there's a set of 3 enemies that have a good chunk of health but don't do a lot of damage at first, but when you kill one they use a new skill called ""distress signal"" or something, which does a ton of damage to everybody. Solution, grind them all down to pretty low health then kill them all in quick succession. Tons of stuff like that."
76561198076668755,Recommended,538680,34364122,Posted: 19 August,all,Carrio,I need ToCS 2&3 on PC now!
,Recommended,538680,34141784,Posted: 10 August,all,Ellipsis,"It's been less than six months since Trails in the Sky the 3rd was released, and we've already got the first game in the next trilogy ported over to Steam. And what a game it is.The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel is a turn-based JRPG that is heavily story-based, building off of the world developed in its predecessors, the Sky trilogy. The game takes place in the Erebonian Empire, one of the military superpowers of the Zemurian continent. It focuses on Rean Schwarzer, a first-year student at the esteemed Thors Military Academy, as well as the rest of his classmates in Class VII as they undertake field studies and proceed through the academy's rigorous curriculum. Now, I know what you're probably thinking right now. ""Dammit, Japan, another school life trope?"" I thought the same thing at first. But, if I learned anything about the series from the Sky games, it's that the Trails series tends to have a slow start but a HUGE payoff later. So bear with me here, folks, because Cold Steel has a lot more to offer than it appears on the surface.The combat system is in a turn-based format, much like the other Trails games, but is significantly faster-paced compared to the Sky games. The core concepts of Trails combat still remain - that being turn bonuses, arts/crafts, and S-Breaks. However, Cold Steel brought with it a whole new addition to the combat system that speeds it up and makes it more reactive: the ARCUS system. The way the ARCUS system works is that it ""links"" two of your party members together. Depending on their link experience (which can also be called ""bond strength""), they can have special interactions during battle. This is achieved mostly through the new ""unbalance"" mechanic. Each character has a different proficiency in four different types of attack damage, and each enemy has weaknesses and resistances to the proficiencies - not in damage, but in likelihood of being unbalanced. Successfully unbalancing an enemy allows a link attack to commence. The linked character can instantly follow up with an attack of their own, without delaying their turn or interrupting their casting. Higher link levels add some neat perks to the system, such as auto-healing a damaged partner or covering them to shield from damage.You can gain link experience just by fighting with your party, but that is significantly slower than the main way of obtaining them: bonding events. In between each field study, in which your party gets sent to a different location in the Empire for a few days, the party remains on the academy campus, going about their lives as students. During free days, the main character can interact with specific characters at certain times to trigger bonding events. Completing a bonding event will significantly raise the character's link experience with Rean, with a drawback: you only have a certain amount of bonding points per day, so you cannot see all bonding events on one playthrough.While Nihon Falcom made some pretty drastic changes to the general formula of the Sky games, the focus stays the same: world-building, story progession, and music are the top three priorities, and Cold Steel shines in all of them. The music quality and instrumentation has improved from the Sky trilogy, which already had exceptional music, and while the story can be somewhat cliche at times, Falcom has a bad habit of throwing unexpected plot twists into the works. Much like the ending of Sky FC, Cold Steel's finale caught me completely off guard multiple times in the final hour of gameplay alone. I thought I had everything figured out, too.My one biggest gripe about Cold Steel is the change in the orbment system from the Sky series. In the Sky games, orbal arts were granted by elemental values from the quartz you equipped, along with the stats those quartz granted. Here, it's practically reversed. The same stat quartz are in the game, but give you no arts - there are separate quartz that grant arts by themselves. You can find ""rare"" quartz in chests that also offer stats: for example, the default Soul Blur quartZ grants the Soul Blur art, while a rare Soul Blur grants the art plus an additional 2 speed. One of my favorite things about the Sky trilogy was the amount of flexibility and strategy you could use in orbment and arts setups, but it's practically trivialized in Cold Steel. However, there are a few new quartz with some very interesting effects, so it balances out, I suppose.People tend to shy away from English dubs of Japanese media, with some even refusing to buy dubbed Japanese games (you know who you are), but Cold Steel's dub is very high quality. XSEED has shown themselves to be very good at casting its voice actors as well as its translation quality, as there were no voices that were not fitting for the character or that I didn't like. This is worth a mention on its own as most English dubs tend to be lacking, but not here. XSEED pulled out all the stops.While on the surface Cold Steel looks just like generic school life weeb garbage, the Trails series is known as one of the best JRPG franchises on the market, and for good reason. Sure, it panders to that audience a bit more than its predecessors (if it sells, it sells), but the core qualities that makes the series so damn good remain. It is important to note that you do NOT need to play the Sky games before picking up Cold Steel; it can be played entirely on its own, although there are some minor references to the Sky games in the dialogue and story. And, as a Trails game, it is quite long. It took me sixty (yes, SIXTY) hours to complete my first playthrough, and I'm fairly sure I missed a few side quests. The price tag may seem a bit steep, but $40 is more than worth it for the game's quality. It's got its share of issues, such as slow pacing, but practically everything else is outstanding. If you're a fan of the JRPG genre (and ESPECIALLY if you've already played the Sky trilogy), I very highly recommend picking up Cold Steel. I'm very much looking forward to the upcoming port of Cold Steel II.On a final note, Towa is best girl. Do not question this: it is objective fact."
,Recommended,538680,34481686,Posted: 25 August,all,gpradheka,"+Politics+Secret society conspiracy+Magic+Science & tech+School life+Super detailed world building with overarching plot+Waifu/husbando simulator+LEGIT /m/ GAME 10/10 (believe me, I have finished play it and it's sequel in psvita)"
76561198103916465,Recommended,538680,34029214,Posted: 4 August,all,Maou,"Love Trails games, so I bought this one to support future localizations of other entries in the series, even after already owning a PS3 version of CSI. (I am one of these guys that talk with every npc and in this game, the npcs say new stuff and tell their own stories all the time, so I already invested a few hundred hours in this game in 3 playthroughs on PS3, initial playthrough with talking to everyone I could find, was a fair amount above 100 hours, btw).For new players: You can jump right into this JRPG without prior knowledge of the series. Mostly you'll miss some innuendos, but nothing major or anything that would shorten your enjoyment or understanding of the game. The cast, location, story etc. are all completely different. This takes places a few years after ""trails in the sky"" and sky featured another region of this world, so you won't really revisit old places (I still recommend playing the other trails games later on, as it still adds to the overall lore, every trails game is great fun and you will know more about the whole world).If you like old-school RPG's and found yourself unsatisfied with all the stuff we got offered in the last few years, chances are you will really like this game, as I was in the same situation. While I normally prefer Japanese Dubs, the English Dub for this one is pretty solid. Especially seeing how many additional lines were voiced. Be warned though: There are millions of lines for this game, but for the most part only the main story relevant scenes are voiced.School setting, some standard character troupes and standard japanese jokes and cliché happenings can be found in this game, yes. But that's only a small part of the whole game. Character development is definitely noticable and will go on as you move forward. This is only the first game of the triology (and I already played the first two games), so there is massive room for even more.While I like slower-paced stories with good worldbuilding, it's not for everyone, so let me get this out of the way:The pace isn't fast. The game starts with a situation you will only reach much later on (in the later half of the game). Consider most of this game as introduction to and familiarisation with characters, factions, the empire in which this story takes place, some organisations, circumstances in the empire, slow-pace-build-up for more intense events later on (and part 2) and the lore etc. A slow story, yes but enjoyable nevertheless. Besides some cliche character interactions, there are a lot of great and funny ones, too. The main character might seem pretty standard, but he undergoes character development, too and as most of the time he isn't the only character you play, this shouldn't be a reason to not buy this game. Characters in your party which may seem annoying and stereotypical at first will developed as you move onward and gain a deeper and interesting personality (grew to love the cast after some time, when I first played).If you are like me and talk to every npc, you will need a 3-digit amount of time for a playthrough, without it's hard to say as I always take much longer than the average guy for my playthroughs and can only speak for myself. A new playthrough offers NG+ options and some neet options. Slower sections you can accelerate via turbo function.While this game is pretty linear, the story slowly begins to unfold as you move on. The worldbuilding is were this games strength is located. Pretty much every minor npc has his own lines, which will change every time the time of the day changes...  The whole world feels alive. Characters you first didn't know and felt were stereotypical will grow on you sooner than you may think. The amount of characters with more screentime is huge and even this first part of a triology as a whole will only scratch on the surface.Music is great in this one, once again. The pc port has a great support and you can play it on low-end or high-end-pcs all the same (thanks to customizable settings). If you just want to have a lot of action and grinding, you should look for another game. If you love if there is a lot of text and slow but good world-building: Just try it! At the end of this game, things will be more ""lively"" and the battle system is still pretty great and will be used often enough :)Though be warned: The second game was already confirmed for steam, but the first game ends on a huge cliffhanger.The battle system is pretty cool and a big plus for this game. The battles are turnbased and you will be introduced to new aspects of them, step by step throughout the game. Arts, Crafts, Link Attacks, Special Attacks, later on another kind of battle (though that would be a spoiler if I said more) etc.. In this game I consider crafts as the most useful abilities, arts play a smaller role. In the second game CSII (Cold Steel II) this was rebelanced so that I started to use magic more often. Still didn't influence my enjoyment of the game and you still can focus on magic, all the same, but your chars have to wait for their turns, longer.Customization of characters via orbment system is another great point. Besides basic stats you can decide how to skill your character. A master quarz will decide some boni, arts and status effects while you possess a a few slots you can unlock and fill with prefered spells, stat boosts, probability to inflict status ailments, more drops etc. via quartz. Hell, Rean hasn't the best stats for it, but you could even completely neglect his physical stats and build him into a mage-type if you want to.Difficulty is sometimes pretty challenging, but all in all it's not too difficult.Much grinding isn't needed, either. As you progress through the game you earn quite a lot of EXP. While you can (and should if you play at a higher difficulty)grind for some items, sepith,  money etc. it's not necessary in any kind of great extent.Another thing: In each chapter there will be field studies which take you to different places in the empire, introduce the world (and slowly some problems/conflicts that grow more interesting at the end and in the following game). Inbetween your missions, you receive some bonding points to absolve mini-events with your party members. They can be quite nice from time too time and net you Link XP. These will help you in battle, too, if you are linked to a specific character. more Link XP---> more advantages when linked with said character. These events are like a small relationship system, although they don't influence the main story per se. Especially the ending event is influenced by the level of your bonds. So while there are possible romantic implications, nothing major here. The second game though has the possibility to take over your save from CSI and you will encounter a few different talks, if you max'd different chars.SO IN SHORT, once again:I'm not good in reviews and much is still left to be said, but that would be too much for now. More people than not, like trails in the sky more than trails of cold steel, but for me it's just the other way around. Great worldbuilding, great character development, a world that feels alive, as even minor npcs have new stuff to tell (all the time!), solid english voice acting, great music, a lot of text & content (if you like it), not much grinding required, but a nice turn-based combat system with a few customization options as far as skills/arts are concerned and some (sometimes more, sometimes less) enjoyable bonding events with characters. The story is still slow-paced and there are cliche's from time to time, but nothing to major. I still like the story and the time the game invests in building it up. Trails was always known for it's worldbuilding and the story moves quicker the further you are in this triology. Nice for lovers of classic JRPGs that were unsatisfied in the last few years (no guarantee, though- everyone's tastes are different) and one of the JRPGs of my favorite JRPG series."
76561198116940746,Recommended,538680,33990128,Posted: 3 August,all,Wadeplay,"Already beat this game on my ps3 didnt expect this game come to PC though what a surprise feels good with 60fps definitely must buy from me good story,good gameplay,good port gonna buy CS II & CS III (if it got to west) of course hope Xseed will know that many fans love this series maybe just maybe Zero and Ao come to PC aswell if you like JRPG/Anime style with good story this game for youCONS:- No Japanese Dub (feels weird with english dub lol)"
,Recommended,538680,33975149,Posted: 2 August,all,Roman Torchwick,"I beat this game twice on the PS3, first on normal then on nightmare. It's a little slow in the beginning and even a little cliche, but it definitely is a slow-burn type of game that will reward your patience with amazing world-building, characters, story-line, gameplay and soundtrack!Moreover, since this game is now on the PC, it can run at a buttery-smooth 60FPS!!Not only that, there are big graphical improvements to the PC port that are detailed in XSEED's most recent blogpost by XSEED's coder, Durante.It also has a lot more voiced lines for the main character and even some revoiced lines for the other characters.If you're new to the Trails series I highly recommend you play Trails in the Sky FC first, then its sequel Trails in the Sky SC.Those two games are a great introduction to the The Legend of Heroes combat mechanics and have an amazing cast of characters and story arc themselves.To those who have played the previously-released titles already, please continue to support XSEED by purchasing more of their games!We're still missing the famous Crossbell Arc! Thanks XSEED and keep doing good work."
76561198115331474,Recommended,538680,34703236,Posted: 2 September,all,Tetrahedragon,"Having just finished my third back-to-back playthrough of this game, I figured I should give it a positive review here. I honestly wasn't sure if the Cold Steel series would reach Steam, but I'm certainly glad it did.First, the battle system is great. Having played Trails in the Sky FC and SC before this, I was already familiar with the Trails combat system, but combat links, master quartz, and just being in 3D added another level of strategy to battles. The normal difficulty of Cold Steel felt a lot easier than normal did in Trails in the Sky, but I didn't really mind. If you want a challenge, though, hard or nightmare is probably the way to go.Second, I really enjoyed the cast of characters. Sure, a lot of them start out being kinda cliche (the tsundere, the stuck-up noble, the loner, etc), but as the story progresses, they kinda break out of those stereotypes somewhat. It's also interesting watching them overcome their differences and learn to work together as a team.Lastly, I really enjoyed the story of it. I like that you don't really know any more about what is going on than the members of your class do. Also, I really enjoyed how the school setting was done in this game. I've played several other games with a school setting, but this is the first one I've played where I actually felt like I was part of this school rather than just an observer. I also enjoy how events of the previous games are occasionally mentioned in passing. It really helps to connect all the games.I can't wait until Cold Steel II is released! Hopefully Cold Steel III makes it to Steam, as well, along with some of the other games like Zero no Kiseki and Ao no Kiseki."
,Recommended,538680,34050750,Posted: 5 August,all,Butter-Fly,"If you want a fantastic JRPG with:- likeable characters- political intrigue- a school setting- a great soundtrack- and worldbuilding that's second to nonethen this is the game for you. Trails of Cold Steel on Steam is an amazing port, and is by far the best version of an excellent entry point into the Trails series.Update: props to Durante, who sets a high bar with his communication and post launch support. I greatly appreciate the timely bug fixes and improvements (autosaves, turbo mode speedup factors, etc.)."
,Recommended,538680,33976391,Posted: 2 August,all,SKILLS,"Another masterpiece by Falcom. Hopefully, we can also get Trails of Cold Steel 3 on PC!10/10"
76561198152806816,Recommended,538680,34008065,Posted: 3 August,all,huangkristen,"I could talk on and on about how good this game is but I'll try to keep this short. I played this on the PS3 and the PC port is 100 times better; 1080p graphics, added voice lines, quicker loading times, and much more.It's newcomer friendly so don't be afraid to make Cold Steel your first. The game however can be a case of "" you either like it or not "", it's got huge story and world building which includes lots of dialogue, characters are quite cliche however once you get to know them throughout the game, you discover their hardships and eventually you start to like most of them. It also encourages you to use all characters as each chapter will set you a team so that can also be a dealbreaker for some. Other than that there's lots more that unfolds in the game that the summery doesn't tell you, and this is 1 part of 3 games! and its a full size game at that!"
,Recommended,538680,33981501,Posted: 2 August,all,sorathecrow,"Basically the definitive way to play Cold Steel.*Adds 50% more voiced dialog, so a lot less of the protagonist being randomly silent in conversations.*Shortens load times going into battles down to basically nothing.*Unlocks framerate for buttery smooth movement and animations in and out of battle.*Uncapped resolution, support for weird aspect ratios like 21:9 (a personal favorite feature).*Adds a ""turbo"" button that lets you speed up the entire game.  Yes, the ENTIRE game, basically a toggleable speed hack, great if you want to speed through a battle or a cutscene you've seen before.*Unlimited draw distance, so none of that pesky pop-in the console versions had.From what I've played so far I have no complaints!  A stellar port of a stellar JRPG."
76561198061771585,Recommended,538680,34873514,Posted: 10 September,all,joxertm22,"Masterful:- PC port is perhaps the best port of a game from inferior hardware so far- K+M controls- turbo mode- the only jRPG I played where english voiceover isn't cringeworthyGood:- leveldesign- fishing minigame capped so fish doesn't respawn endlessly and you can't grind it- quite a few bosses are challenging on your first normal playthrough (if you won't abuse arc craft)- story twistsAlso good, but Trails in the Sky has much better:- characters, villains, drama and general story progression- music- quartz system, there is no ""sepith tetris"" in Cold SteelBad:- grinding is necessary for $, achievements and leveling links/masterquartz- many optional and all hidden quests are timed- graphics is just a bit better than decade(s) old Gothic- cooking is not RPG skill but is fixed and you cannot improve it- pixelhunt for fishing spots and smashed boxes' loot- the concert event sucks, they should have made it better- loading savegame from here in the sequel (not ported yet on PC, expected by the end of this year) doesn't give buffs only for all sidequests/hiddenquests finished, it also checks for your level which you need to grind up thenAtrocious aka fire from industry whomever decided to put it in this game:- swimming minigame which is worst QTE fest I've ever seen- pay2win DLC (bait gems that summon a trashmob that grant tons of XP)- NG+ is necessary to complete masterquartz collection and to see all of the most interesting bonding cutscenesOverall, the game is good, just not as great as Trails in the Sky was. For example Trails in the Sky discouraged grinding. ToCS encourages it.ToCS in IMO above average game, but it's inferor hardware roots didn't do it any favor, I can't call it a musthave game. If you decide to buy this game, you won't be disappointed, just don't expect a masterpiece.7/10Additional note. There is so called super arrange version of game OST. For everyone out there who adores symphonic rock as much as I do, it is a must buy. Here's one score from it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo7jUwMmSA8If these arrangements were used in the game, I'd have put a better score - as these would feel like home in PC port."
76561198356176744,Recommended,538680,34363812,Posted: 19 August,all,Anima,I ended up playing this game for nearly 14 hours straight... only a good game will have me starring at my computer for that long.please have the second one out as soon as possible <3
76561198161652530,Recommended,538680,34091638,Posted: 7 August,all,Commander,"So I've already played and beat the PS3 version of the game, but I suppose I can write a review for it herePositives:-Great voice acting which improved of the PS3 version (no more Silent Rean)-Engaging combat that has you pay attention to position-An interesting story with a few neat plot twists-Turbo mode!-Ability to skip cutscenes in second playthroughs-Runs great even on low end PCs-Ability to buy missable itemsNegative-May miss some references or be overwhelmed by the lore-The plot seems to slog at certain points-Arts and Quartz have been simplified with less customization compared to Skies-Graphics are a but still and outdatedUnknown-The game occasionally had freezes and crashes in the PS3 version including on startup-Money problems (praise the omelette boy)I'm going to warn you that this is a long game and only part 1 of 2 (we're not sure how CS3 will work but it's after this arc), but if you are willing to commit the time it will be worth it. The legend of heroes trails series is a game that takes place in segments with part 1 being the Skies games (this is a good game to get into the series though), but the series splits in part two between the Cold Steel and the unlocalized Crossbell series. Anyways, Cold Steel is about a boy named Rean beginning his life at school in which he works with a specially formed class called class VII (in reference to lucky #7 I'm guessing). You'll be going through a bit of a pattern of school life, doing quests, then going to the haunted school house followed by the class field study. The field studies are kind of the meat of the story where the plot moves forward despite being its own sub-plot. Once you hit chapter 4 of 6, things start getting interesting so try to hold through until that point.But I recommend this game because it's very simple and easy to follow once you get the basics down. It's also a lot of fun as the cast is lovable (who doesn't love Sarah). And if the price turns you off, it's cheaper than most shelf games and about the price of skies 3rd, which this game is longer and more worth your buck. My biggest fear was due to CS II being laggy on the PS3, I thought this game might share a similar fate, but it has run great so far. Only weird error is some movement when switching directions on my DS4 controller Rean walks instead of runs but it's not a major issue. If you want to get into the Trails series, I absolutely recommend going to this one first as many of Skies' gameplay can be offputting."
,Recommended,538680,34117943,Posted: 8 August,all,xela,"As a first timer of the Legend of Heroes series, I bought this game expecting the norm for an RPG, It was on the PC and I was going to buy it for my Vita, that didn't work out so well and ended up buying this.for first timers to the franchise this game is very friendly, it starts off with a brand new cast and all of that jazz.the gameplay in the game is clean, its smooth and it is turn based.the soundtracks amazing, however sometimes the characters are lacking.there is a continuation for this game, legend of heroes tcs 2, and that continues after the end of this game, so if you're wanting a ""finished ending"" you're going to have to buy the second game.the only problems I can say for the most part in this game that may arise for some people is the format of the game is somewhat repetitive, however I think the story and the overall quests override my irritation of that, and could be said for others.I'd definitely say buy this game if you're looking to play a good JRPG on your PC. I haven't been able to stop playing ever since!"
,Recommended,538680,34207127,Posted: 12 August,all,Rain,"Taking place on the same continent as Trails in the Sky, Cold steel doesn't require you to play the previous games, Cold steel 1 was made so that new players can jump in.To put it shortly the game has:+Great Story, The story is long (took me about 80 hours) and falcom writing is great as always even though this game is kinda like a set up game for the next ones by introducing all the characters etc. (like FC in sky series) so dont expect anything too great from the first game.+Likeable characters, all the characters have great backgrounds and everyone finds their own favourite, only ones i found lacking were the villains, they just seemed too lackluster in terms of personality.+Combat, combat is turn based and has been made smoother with 60fps and new link system, arts have been simplified atleast in my opinion, which is dissapointing but it doesnt take away from the experience because the story is great overall.+Soundtrack is great, but sky series had better in my opinion.+Turbo mode makes it faster for those only interested in the story and for those who have already played the ps version+/-Great voice acting, i saw some thread about not buying the game because there was no Japanese voices, but the dub was great and it doest take away from the experience and there was a mod for Jap. voices.+/-School setting and the political conflict kept me interested but some might find it repetitive when they spend so much time on it in this game.-Alot of missable stuff, but this is just a thing that i dont like-Random crashes and game freezes(Maybe it was just me)-Graphics might look a bit outdated, but it really doesnt matter in this gametltr:If you want an lenghty JRPG with smooth combat, school setting and likeable charactersWaifusthen this is your pick, falcom delivers! you should also look into the previous games!Overall: 8/10Now we wait for CS 2 pc versionI don't usually write reviews so sorry for typos or other mistakes that i made!"
,Recommended,538680,34673544,Posted: 1 September,all,Cage JRPG Fanatic,"What can I say for this game?Well, for starter, it's one of those games that you must play if you like JRPG.I already have the PS3 version, so I know the game from left to right. Just playing the PC version 100%.Pros: If you like Persona style, and Grandia gameplay wise, then it's for you.Pros: Music is fantastic. From the battle theme to the school theme, everything fits right place.The only downside I can say about this game, it's the funny glitches.If you like Persona and Grandia series, get this game.Can't wait for Cold Steel 2 and 3 on the PC!"
,Recommended,538680,33984460,Posted: 2 August,all,EgoMasker,"If you are looking for a game with such fantastic writing that you'll even want to talk to every NPC then look no further.I played through this game already on the Vita but I look forward to playing it again with improved visuals and in 60fps. Already I love how smooth this port feels and I'm even playing with a keyboard and mouse which works wonderfully. You gotta hand it to XSEED for doing such an amazing job the PC versions of these games.This game quickly gets you hooked, pulling you in with fun and strategic turned based combat and likable characters. Sure these characters are your typical anime tropes that are seen commonly now but I'd say they are done in the best way possible with enough uniqueness to their personallities that by the end of the game there won't be any character you hate even if one rubbed you the wrong way at the start.Let me also say that the english voice actors did a fantasic job on this game and I'm really happy to hear they added so many newly voiced lines for this version.If you are a fan of JRPGS or just Anime in general then this is one of those must have games for your collection. Tell your friends about this game and let's get Cold Steel 2 on PC next!"
76561198024047210,Recommended,538680,34216321,Posted: 13 August,all,Lenoxe,Im looking forward to play the 2nd Series of this Game. Meanwhile im going to play Trails in the Sky. :-)
,Recommended,538680,34368120,Posted: 20 August,all,re: apai,"Just finished my first playthrough, here's what i like about this game (this is just my opinion and may differ from others)- Awesome Story- Likable Characters and character developments (each character has a story to tell)- Solid Battle System- A variety of areas to explore- Deep lore on the world itself- Cool battle music (especially the last boss)Here what i dont like:-- Aside from battle music and the bar music in Reinford, the music is kinda boring- A lot of areas are only available for a limited time (if u miss something in that area, then bye-bye, see ya in New Game+)All in all, I LOVE this game!currently doing my second playthrough and trying my best to complete all achievements.If u really decide to pick this game up, i recommend going in blind (dont look at any guides or walkthroughs)Looking forward to the sequel! :)"
,Recommended,538680,34723363,Posted: 3 September,all,Virsalus,"One the best JRPGs currently available. If you like JRPGs, get this! (Also, check out the other Legend of Heroes games!)"
76561198139673083,Recommended,538680,33976583,Posted: 2 August,all,.ĐĿ. Gakksun::RaiRai,"There is really only one thing you need to know. Elliot is an egg factory. Force him to make you egg omelettes. That is the true path to victory in this game.I've played the Vita and PS3 versions for a total of over 100 hours. Trails of Cold Steel is a satisfying RPG that takes place in the same world as Trails in the Sky though you absolutely do not have to play those games to understand this one. It excels at world building, a good yet sometimes cliche story, fun turn based combat with customization/builds and a great soundtrack."
76561198013512741,Recommended,538680,34230602,Posted: 14 August,all,CBSq Armade,Great story? check!Great characters? check!Characters have a personality and a personal arc? CHECK!!This game is great. The only things that would make this game better. Character customization and choseable romance.
,Recommended,538680,33992600,Posted: 3 August,all,Dekudeku,"Heads up: I'm a long time fan of the Trails in the Sky series and I've been waiting to play Trails of Cold Steel since forever.Playthrough details:Playthrough duration: 60~70 hours (no turbo function although it's present)Difficulty setting: NightmareGrind: %$^$ no, I legit avoided combat most of the time for the last chaptersFirst things first: Prior experience with the Sky games is not required. True, there are people, locations and events that if you played the Sky games you'll have ""aha!"" moments, but the Cold Steel does a decent job to be a great starting place.Secondly, this JRPG is on the heavy side of text. Core to the story events are key moments are voice acted BUT to enjoy it you need to be comfortable with reading. And you will read a lot. I'm adding that because there are obviously people who don't share the same sentiment I do.Last, but not least, at the time of writing this review I clocked 100 and something hours but I haven't finished the game yet. The reason for that is that I accidentally saved over my old save (sucks for me for not using a different save slot every time since there are 399 of them) and I ended up playing the game from the beginning again. But it's worth it, at least for me.Combat system is the best the Legend of Heroes games has to offer, given that the Cold Steel trilogy is the most recent entry (the third entry comes out in a few weeks in Japan). Compared with other games, if you consider yourself experienced in JRPG's you'll find Nightmare difficulty to be hard in not masochistic RNG way. The game rewards you for knowing your setups, what your characters do and being able to disern what the enemies are weak to, and plan. It's inevitable to the nature of games that give status increase for reaching a certain amount of experience to give you a ""way out"" by grinding, but this is not the case with this game as the experience that you gain decreases relative to the enemy level, whereas other games simply increase the experience required to level up.As for the story, I clearly don't have a full picture as I haven't finished the game yet but I'm enjoying what I see. But in case you're new to Trails games, they tend to be cliche and tropey, but I feel like there's an unnecessary negative connotation with those words because it implies that a good execution doesn't matter at all, which I disagree. The trails games have a great execution, with their world building being equivalent to West RPG's like the Witcher. But you need to not have a problem with cliches, tropes and plot devices the likes of Deus ex machina in order to enjoy them, otherwise you're pretty much heading for disappointment.Trails games are games that are story first and combat system second, but with this game doing both of these things right I cannot help but recommend it. Plus the soundtrack is the usual Falcom Sound Team magic.Edit: It has come to my attention that there's a video that is 5 minutes and 31 seconds long and describes what Trails games are about in a solid tl;dr way (I'm in no way affiliated with the channel):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP-aoI7x51UJust a heads up: He's talking about the first Trails in the Sky and some footage that he includes can be considered a spoiler for that game but he only talks about the premise of the game. Feel free to just listen to it instead of watching the video.Ninja edit: Just finished my first playthrough. Was fun. Will do NG+ some other time."
76561198009313109,Recommended,538680,34699715,Posted: 2 September,all,Netoca,"This is one of the best JRPG`s I ever played, and I played a lot of them in my life. Well, here goes a few things that makes this game so good:- Characters: Every single one of the main characters in this game is really well built. Their personality, their background and their development through the game, all of these things are neatly done. Even most of the secondary characters are extremelly well made.- Story: It's an amazing story that involves mystery, politics, economy, war, friendship and even romance, with every single thing tied up really nicely.- Well made port: This is one of the best port from another platform I ever played. Improved graphics, more voice acting, turbo mode...really well done.So, long story short, if you're a JRPG fan this is a game you must play. When I started I did not know that it was a trilogy and now I'm eagerly awaiting the next game!"
,Recommended,538680,34053493,Posted: 5 August,all,Shiranui Second,Damn good game. I've only played a bit so far but I will be playing the life out of this game. I just cannot wait till the second one comes on on PC because I'm absolutley hooked. Damn fine job XSEED and Falcom. And damn fine job porting it Durante.
,Recommended,538680,34119229,Posted: 8 August,all,Crow Armburst,"Just beat the game,can't wait for ToCS II !"
,Recommended,538680,34156078,Posted: 10 August,all,groudyogre,Whoever was in charge of making sure the gamer has a great experience playing this game did an amazing job.Down to the very minute details this game is a pleasure to play. I've waited a long time for a JRPG that has sucked me in as much as this game has. Absolutely loving it!
76561198052563812,Recommended,538680,34102926,Posted: 8 August,all,T.,"It belongs to the Trails series of The Legend of Heroes, but you can freely play it without playing any preivous games.Pros:This game has great narratives, which make a linear game world alive. Almost every characters and NPCs has his/her own story behind the main story line.Great music.Cons:The graphics may not be satisfied, and the character's' actions sometimes look awkward."
,Recommended,538680,33984978,Posted: 2 August,all,セイバー VS7,"Very good port, though with the exception that the controls are quite a bit wonky in menus at higher framerates. You might want to tinker with the default button configs. No performance issues whatsoever on my rig at maxed settings, and afterall this is designed to be able to run on a GPD Win.As for the game itself, it's more of what we got with the Sky games, just more refined, though the Quartz becoming a more ""traditional"" Final Fantasy-style Materia system and the additions of Fire Emblem/Persona social-link mechanics might not be favorable to some."
76561197990239008,Recommended,538680,34061209,Posted: 6 August,all,NateDizzy,Awesome port of an awesome game. Hands down the definitive version. Bonus: it's possible to use the Japanese VOs. Weebs rejoice!
,Recommended,538680,34514225,Posted: 26 August,all,DG 'Anand',every bit as good as it is long
,Recommended,538680,34323896,Posted: 18 August,all,hoyochan,Just finished the whole game and it had been sleepless 2 weeks. It's fun and the story is decent. Unfortunately the story doesn't end with this installment and you would need to play the sequel to know how everything ties together.The combat system is decent and you can pretty much just rely on physical attack with status effects until the last chapter where arts would do much more damage than physical.Overall I liked it and I hope the second installment comes to steam soon!
,Recommended,538680,34353794,Posted: 19 August,all,Hani Obaid,"Eventhough the story is linear. It is so well integrated, the game is  quite enjoyable. Also one of the few Japanese games with pro English voice acting and text instead of the usual low quality machine translation. Dialogue is well written with effective comic relief where needed. Even the music is enjoyable and relaxing. There are sideline activities such as fishing, cooking recipies, reading various in-game ""books"". The combat mechanics are complex but the 1st introductory chapter does a great job of introducing everything and a dedicated notes tab will retain all relevant tutorial pages for you to refer back to when needed righ in-game. Overall the game is great fun and well worth the price."
,Recommended,538680,34533941,Posted: 27 August,all,Sharon Kreuger,"I honestly just want Cold Steel 2 ASAP, why you do this to me again Nihon Falcom?After finishing Trails in the Sky First Chapter, the wait for Second Chapter was a torture. I hope CS2 doesn't take as long.Great game though, great game play, story and character, although I slightly prefer Sky for the story and characters, for the game play, Cold steel won it for me."
76561198021091199,Recommended,538680,34487105,Posted: 25 August,all,Aristotle,"A RPG with a focus on world-building and storytelling that makes even most AAA RPG's pale in comparision. A RPG that even people with a distaste for JRPGs would likely enjoy. It has its problems, such as easy combat, a rather average player-character in terms of writing/personality, and a bit of a Harem problem (or feature depending on your taste). Yet it rises above these issues, in a way its what people would want out of a Game of Thrones RPG. Character building and exposition abound in this game.However if you hate reading novels then you probably wouldn't like this game as 75%ish of the game is unvoiced which is really just a function of how much dialogue there is."
76561198127400369,Recommended,538680,35025154,Posted: 17 September,all,xahjun,Everything is pretty good. The only cons that I can think of is that the dialogue can get pretty tedious to follow for me.
,Recommended,538680,35112264,Posted: 21 September,all,maskedlord76,"Dont be fooled by my low game time. I have about 80 hours clocked in on the ps3.What can i say? I buy very few games on retail price even less so when i already own them on another platform, but this game is truly something else.In a world littered with flashy rpgs like Final Fantasy's which prefer style over substance, this game truly stands out above them all. Not just this but the entire Legend of Heroes series, though talking about them all would derail this review.What this game shines at, is its world building, the story takes time to unfold, you are gradually filled in how this fantasy world works.You have a stellar cast of characters. None of them feel like placeholders, each person, each supporting character has a unique story and background defining them.The characters traits may look cliched but when executed perfectly they shine through and through.You get to live a school life not entirely dissimilar to Persona, you do quests, you go out exploring the world, you get entangled in political and civil unrest, explore the country of Erebonia and its heirarchy system, uncover a dark conspiracy, trust me, by the time you're done you'll be left wanting for more, which is a good thing cuz the sequel will be coming to pc in 2018.Plus the pc version is THE definitive version. Upgraded graphics (I seriously love the effort they put in the launcher, each option shows you a screenshot of what effect it has on the game) , turbo mode allowing you to fast forward cutscenes and battles (Wouldnt recommend doing the former) and about 5000 extra voiced lines exclusive for the pc version.No japanese audio though, but the falcom server on discord has an unofficial japanese audio patch with instructions that you can use. Though personally I dont need it cuz the english voice cast is amazing!All in all, a solid 11/10 . Highly recommeded game!"
,Recommended,538680,34573203,Posted: 29 August,all,DimazIzzul,"This game is awesome..!with very rich story, amazing BGM and likeable character..gameplay itself is great, very enjoyable and even chalanging if you play in nightmare mode..overal this game is 9/10a must have if you like RPG/JRPG games with great story..PS: Xseed please localized Zero/Ao already ;-;"
76561197970934221,Recommended,538680,34892600,Posted: 11 September,all,edilions,Part II and III in my veins now !!
,Recommended,538680,34092929,Posted: 7 August,all,Aionis,"TL:DR: BUY THE DAMN GAME!I didn't play this when it released on ps3. mostly becuase i knew it would eventually come to pc because trails in the sky series hit here as well. and we get a enhanced edition for 40 bucks. I honestly say this is a good and fair price for what you are getting. yes, the game is older but it's also looking far better on pc, spoken dialogue has increased by 50% (the voice acting is REALLY good and i normally ♥♥♥♥♥ about no japanese voice acting for these types of games) you have durante, the guy who fixed dark souls for pc helping with the port (huge plus imo) and you get a game that will grip you all the way to the end of it. which is around 60-150 hours i'm told. you can even change some things that will move to your save file for part 2 of the game which will probably be here in about a year. gives me time to replay it a few times. so price of 40 is acceptibe.now for this game, it's very similar to persona 3 and 4. you are at a military academy and you get bondings with each character that increases their relationships with you and increases how good you sync with them in battle as well. all months are scheduled by basically Free day > practical exam > field study > repeat. now this formula works for this type of game. it's not boring at any point (i'm 30 hours in and i bought it 4 days ago. to be honest i haven't played a game this much since... hell, persona 4 when i beat that in a week or 2 while working a full time job p4 is 80 hours...)fights in this game are very similar to the old legend of hereos games except they now have link system attached to the game which allows for you to get assist hits from the other characters in your group. as you rank up this also ads moves like cover for the party members and auto heal.I will have to say the best aspect of this game isn't something that normally people want i guess. i only have ever seen it in the pc version of FFX. which is turbo mode. this allows you to speed time up and have grinding take you far less time than it would normally. you can set it in the settings from 2x to i think it was 8x. it's a great system for these types of games that is always neglected.the story is where legend of heroes games shine. this story is about rean joining the military academy of Thor. he joins it and finds out that there his uniform is different than other members of the school. which is nobles wear white outfits and commoners where green. his uniform is red. he finds out later that day when he meets up with his teacher that his class of 9 is a mixture of noble and commoner. now each character has their own personalities. two of them hate eachother ALOT. one hates you for that STUPID trope of he touched my boobs (seriously... get rid of that damn trope...made me hate alisa for no real good reason) you have your quiet ninja girl and you have a outsider to the empire that doesn't get your class system. I love the characters in this story and how they interact with one another and how they overcome their problems.  as the game progresses new mysteries on characters are introduced to keep you wanting more. they did it very well in this game.all in all this is probably one of the if not the best JRPG on pc at the moment. if you see this before week one is up it's 10% off for 35 bucks. it's worth every penny. though steam totally screws up the dlc and if you want the costumes i'd buy this game on gog... it's 10 bucks on gog for the dlc while here it's 2 bucks for each outfit and their are 10 outfits..."
,Recommended,538680,34237374,Posted: 14 August,all,AG3,"Not having played the console version of this game but having played a crapload of other console ports over the years, I have to say this one is extremely good. Performance is excellent, I encountered no crashes during my playthrough, and apart from some cases of the text overflowing the text box and a few spoken lines not matching up to the text, no obvious bugs either. The addition of a turbo mode adds a quality of life improvement that cannot be overstated, especially if you're replaying a section of the game.The game itself is pretty damn good too. No Japanese voices is a bit of a shame, but the English ones are pretty good, ranging from eh to great, depending on the character. If you've played the Trails in the Sky games you'll feel right at home with this one, and it's not quite as slow a start as the first Trails game either if that bothered you. Heartily recommended for JRPG fans."
,Recommended,538680,34195430,Posted: 12 August,all,Rong back in Penang,"My best purchase this year. The story is good, the characters are likable. The dialogues are funny and I really enjoy them. I'm only 3 hours into the game and I am certain I'm gonna complete this game."
,Recommended,538680,33982130,Posted: 2 August,all,Halfwar,I've played the first three Trails in The Sky games and so far it feels like playing a modern version of those. The PC port is Top Notch and amazing in it's own right.My general review if you've liked the first three Trails game you'll love this game as well.
,Recommended,538680,34003409,Posted: 3 August,all,Wolvaroo,"As a fan of the Trails in the Sky Trilogy, this builds on the previous mechanics with an updated style. The English voice acting is terrific and the all characters are lively and likeable.So far my only complaint is the movement seems a bit clunky."
,Recommended,538680,34128773,Posted: 9 August,all,Riley,">Be me>6 hour car ride>Start playing game>Get to point where the characters get on their first train>""Blade"">""What's this?"" I ask>Start playing>Instant addiction>Car ride ends>Still haven't selected ""Stop talking"">Blade is all I need10/10 would blade again"
,Recommended,538680,34051063,Posted: 5 August,all,failureofduty,Turbo mode best feature ever plus it runs on potato laptops. Night and day difference in speed compared to the vita version.
,Recommended,538680,33984479,Posted: 2 August,all,Wheat,"I've played over 300 hours of this game on the PS3 version, and the PC version here is even better. The new techinical options available, plus the 5000+ new recorded voice lines, make this the absolute definitive edition of this game.The story is about nine military acadamy students who get thrown into a new class, where there is no line between nobility and commoners. They go to many different locations, discover different things, and uncover nasty secrets brewing in the Empire...The music is 10/10, as one would expect from anything made by the Falcom JDK Band. This game has it all, rocking metal, to folk.The characters are easy to love and they're all unique with stories to tell. Speaking of stories to tell, all of the NPCs feel like real peaple with real lives. Their dialouge is always changing, so I recommend speaking to them as often as possible.Besides that, there isn't much else to say, except this is personally my favorite game because of the fond memories I have with it.  It's worth checking out. I also recommend playing Trails in the Sky first, but this is also an entry point into the Trails series, so there's no harm either way. There are just a few things you won't understand immediately without playing the Sky arc."
,Recommended,538680,34019453,Posted: 4 August,all,Velcrosasquatch™,"This is a game I clocked a fair amount of time in on the Playstation 3.As unexpected as it is to see this game get ported to PC, it's not completely out of left field seeing as Cold Steel had a fair amount of success in the US for a console JRPG.So at first I want to commend Durante for doing a fine job porting this title going beyond to give it all the bells and whistles everyone wants from a console to PC port.A fair amount of scaling can be done for low end PCs and enhancements can be added for higher builds.The Turbo Mode is something that funny enough makes the game a lot more playable as speeding up cutscenes and going through tedious grind battles can be done with the hold of a button.Options for high framerates are nice but generally help shine an unfortunate light on Cold Steels lackluster animations and generally poor character models.Now sadly this is where the review is going to take a negative turn, not that I think Cold Steel is an awful game but it is a clear step down from previous Falcom titles and it's embrace of the school setting seemingly alienated me as a return player coming from previous games.The game looks rather underwhelming with the character models generally looking unfavorable and many areas containing flat barren walkways with occasional monsters.Thankfully the game can better disguise these detail lacking environments by constantly switching the scenery as the games ""plot"" unfolds.I can also at least be relieved that the PC players will not have to put up with poor performance and long load times of the PS3 and Vita originalsIn terms of setting and story Cold Steel has a high focus on capturing ""life at the academy"" and this is often results in minimal eventfulness and comes a bit too close to the ""slice of life"" genre I really have a distaste for.It has the benefit of being part of the expansive Legend of Heroes universe but squanders it with it's poor story.The ending has a twist that is too stupid for me to put into words.Fans can still get a kick out of this because of the ties to other games but on it's own it really can't stand on it's own two feet.The gameplay is mostly good retaining a similar simplified version of previous games with the addition of links between characters in combat.I feel the second game expands upon the combat in a much more substantial way but Cold Steel still plays well enough, even if basic.There is a fair bit more story than other LoH games but it includes engaging with classmates and managing character relationships so it's more than just text.In short:I'm mostly neutralI like this port and I like Legend of HeroesI don't hate this game but feel it's a low point for the series and CS 2, while not exactly ""night and day"", is still a fair bit better.I feel the price tag of $40 is too high, but being the console ports cost that much and were worse I can't really complainI'd recommend the Sky games over this any day but if the school setting really intrigues you I guess it may satisfy."
,Recommended,538680,33977769,Posted: 2 August,all,Rhap,"I played the PS3 version of this game before now.It's a very great game. The cast is fun and works well together, the worldbuilding is amazing, the music deserves a goddamned award, the story is great and has a great ending (albeit a very huge sequel hook, so be aware of that). It's structured like your standard JRPG, but with a lot of polish and attention to detail.After playing with it for a minute, the port is downright fantastic. It feels great to play. The visuals and textures are sharp, you're given plenty of options, and it's very well optimized. Unless you're holding out for a lower sale, there's no reason not to buy this game. Even if you've already played the PS3 or Vita version, there's still more to be found here. Xseed has added a metrick ♥♥♥♥load of voice acting where there was none before."
,Recommended,538680,34007162,Posted: 3 August,all,Big Mommas House 3,I connect with Instructor Sara
76561198077639447,Recommended,538680,34944201,Posted: 14 September,all,Anju,"This game is so awesomeGood graphics, good story, nice combats10/10 would buy it againcant wait for the next game to come outhopefully not for long"
,Recommended,538680,34473083,Posted: 24 August,all,HeroDjinn,"While i havent beaten it on here, i did beat it on the PS3 and Platinumed it, and i all i have to say is that this is an awesome game, with a lot of world building.Sure its slow at first but its introducing you to the people of EreboniaBattle is a little better than in the Sky Seriesi recommend this to anyone who is into RPGs and a nice story!"
,Recommended,538680,34910307,Posted: 12 September,all,Grayscale Playwright,"Never played a game in the series before.The first 30 mins of the game is kind of overwhelming because they throw you into combat, with a bunch of skills, without a tutorial. I thought it was terrible.Game gets better, don't let the first 30 minutes dissuade you.Tl;dr - It's like Persona 5, but with a lot more reading. Turbo function is nice."
,Recommended,538680,34569092,Posted: 28 August,all,dean.dip,"This is among my favorite games of all time like the Trails in the Sky series. (Trails in the Sky does not need to be played to enjoy this game. It does, however, give background to the history and goings on of the world Cold Steel takes place in)Similarly to Trails in the Sky, it builds up a fantastic story with lots of character progression, not only from main characters, but from a bunch of characters that you can optionally talk to throughout the game.  This game tends to be humurous.One can choose how much they want to know more about certain characters, especially when it comes to what the game calls ""bonding events"", which serves to help give perks in battle as well as give background to characters.There's also a great deal of voice acting done in this game, and it is some of the best voice acting for a game I've ever heard.  The Voice Actors do a great job giving personality to the character's voices.While each character is better suited to certain fighting styles, each can be greatly customized to battle a certain way with the game's orbment system. If you've played FF7, it's kinda like materia placed into weapons, but in this game it's called quartz and it's placed into a kind of ""cell phone"" device this game calls an Arcus unit.  It allows one to use that device to use orbal arts, a.k.a. magic, and augment their powers.  It can be fun to try to figure out a nice setup, but it also can be tedius at times to try to set up (since party members change a lot, except for the main character, and the quartz can be freely exchanged between party members).The music is fantastic.  I want to say it's worth it for the music alone, but $40 is a bit much for music.  However, experiencing the music along with the game makes it totally worth it.  All the tracks feel well placed and enhance the experience.I played this game entirely with a steam controller, so I can't comment on the keyboard & mouse experience, but playing it on a controller is very nice.  I've had lots of long play sessions (if my play time didn't make that obvious) and didn't have any hand fatigue.The game also runs very nice and smooth.  It looks great, and there are already mods that can make it look even better.My first time playing through, I tried to experience everything that I could blindly, and I ended up with 116 hours played according to steam, but it was probably closer to 105-110 actual hours since I had some afk time. So there's quite a bit to this game to enjoy. The New Game + mode, nightmare difficulty, and extra bonding event scenes make it worth another playthrough as well.Given the amount of fun to be had, and how great this game is, it's well worth the $40 price point."
76561198013872725,Recommended,538680,34924164,Posted: 13 September,all,Malefix01,"This truly is a great game. Great RPG. The story is immense, captivating.I got attached to the characters and storyline, constantly want to find out more the world.This game has:-Rich & captivating story-Unique characters (ok most games do)-Rather amazing battle system and balanced ennemies-Beautiful graphics-Long playtimeI followed most players' advice and bought the game. Don't regret it one bit.I ask myself why I didn't discover game this earlier..."
76561197991814374,Recommended,538680,34558096,Posted: 28 August,all,Aditia Holdem,"The first couple chapters are amazing; great story, decent visuals, great music, likeable characters and interesting combat.I play with Japanese audio (available on some forum) which enhances the experience, as most female English Dub is horrible.A few things that are a bit of a minus:- Later on, the combat gets very uninteresting: bosses have 1 gimmmick, you die, counter it with items and smart skill use and presto: easy fight- You need to play on nightmare mode, or the combat gets trivial too soon.- To not miss anything, you have the boring chore of visiting all side characters repeatedlyI think I am about halfway through the game now, after a nightmare restart. I definitely will finish the game because of the story and I like the characters so much.Money's worth? Most definitely!Maybe wait for a sale if you have a tight purse, but this is one of my few Steam purchases that has been worth it so soo much.Flawless game? Not at all, but a very fun ride nonetheless."
,Recommended,538680,35037770,Posted: 17 September,all,BestBear,Please just do yourself a favor and play this game.This has by far the best World Building and Developement you will ever see.This game will make you care for everyone you meet in the world.Espcially Class VII....This is seriously the best JRPG series you will ever played.
76561198098123525,Recommended,538680,34981813,Posted: 15 September,all,Vani,It's been awhile since I've enjoyed a game this much. Can't wait for CS2 ;_;
76561198391484152,Recommended,538680,35038057,Posted: 17 September,all,Dũng Mai,It's very good if you don't mind the garaphic of the game :)))
76561198050142260,Recommended,538680,35043212,Posted: 18 September,all,xSora,"Graphics were smooth and looks amazing, actually amazed it's a PS3 port. Story was interesting, also helps if you've played other games like trails in the sky. Seriously can't wait for the second game to come out on steam. Also the third game is scheduled for release at the end of september in japan. Now we just wait for the translation so this is a good time to start picking up this series."
76561198017046411,Recommended,538680,35069359,Posted: 19 September,all,Drude,"One of the best games I have played recently I highly recommend it.Worldbuilding and character developement is very impressive. Every NPC has dialogue that changes with passage of time or major events especially in the hub town where every character seems to have as much detail put in as other games party characters. Many of these characters and plot lines continue on into the second game and most likely will go into the third game as well.Several notes howeverThis takes place after the sky trilogy although you can play this completely fine without playing sky and will not be spoiled much(I played this first) but you will miss several different references.This series is very slow paced it has amazing world building but the story feels like a prologue for most of the game.This game ends on a major cliffhanger so you may want to either play through slowly or wait until the second game gets closer to PC release if you think you will play thorugh this quickly. (However this game does have replayability with NG+ with multiple unlocks and you need to play through several times to unlock everything)This is one of the best PC ports, has settings for almost everything as well as the ability to speed up the game."
76561198006068403,Recommended,538680,33980805,Posted: 2 August,all,Shadow,"Played and beat this on the Vita and loved it then heard it was coming to PC after getting Trails in the sky TC. I love how these games tie the universe together so well. Along with the characters personality, sound track, and NPC interaction make this game a great buy. Also 10% on release day is well worth it even at full price its still worth it. This game can be played alone without Trails in the Sky, but Id suggest playing at least FC and SC to better understand some slight references made in the game.Game plays well on the PC Port and you can Customize the controls to your liking and you also have a decent set of video options. (It would of been nice to make it mouse only like in the Trials in the Sky series, but being a port and not a actual PC game like the other three, it would have been hard to develop it in the already complete game without breaking it.)If you like classic JRPG games then I recommend this game for you as well as the entire Trails in the Sky series.  I hope Xseed will make Trails of Cold Steel chapters 2 and 3 on PC. I also really hope that we get Zero and AO (Crossbell Arc) brought to the states."
,Recommended,538680,35212459,Posted: 25 September,all,SiegeCJ,"What a game. Think Final Fantasy 10 meets Persona and you've got yourself one hell of an adventure. The combat is great, the story is interesting and vibrant, the characters are some of the best (even if they fall into most anime tropes),The only cons I can think of are some pacing issues (there's A LOT of filler dialogue/exposition that brings the story to a grinding halt...especially when doing fetch quests), some of the animations are a little janky, and there are two boss fights that are MASSIVE difficulty spikes compared to the others.Other than that, it's well worth the full price and I can't wait for the sequel to be ported to PC as well."
76561198057279220,Recommended,538680,34491404,Posted: 25 August,all,jesper.wahrner,"Brilliant game with likeable characters, and really fun combat for all of us who like turnbased combat. Suffers a bit from extremely long cutscenes at places but the story is well told with a few plottwists that actually manages to surprise. It switches comfortably between high school drama and epic fantasy. It would have been nice to make more decisions for the main character. Now it is heavily railroaded and you are merely tagging along the main character as the admittedly good story unfolds.The PC-port has extremely weird keybindings if you play with mouse and keybord, and this was the one thing I found frustrating with the game. The helpfile only describe controller commands and there is no way to customise the keybord for normal PC-play. It took me until chapter four until I figured out which keybord key that corresponded to the x-button on the controller (tab)."
,Recommended,538680,34569289,Posted: 28 August,all,mofu mofu,"If I could rate this game out of 10 it would be an 8. Really kept my interest the whole game and the story was really well written. The art and music is very good too and it just made everything very worth while to do. I ran through the game and I guess I missed all the small quests and stuff but it was still very fun to play. The only thing I'd like to critic about the game is that there's no ""auto-save""... I crashed too many times to count (bad PC, my fault) and had to redo some of the things I did because I forgot to save and that takes a whole lot of time. But I guarantee you this game will be lots of fun and will you on your toes the whole time! I can't wait for the next game to come out, that was one huge cliff hanger !!"
,Recommended,538680,35097163,Posted: 20 September,all,Satin,"Imagine if there was a modern JRPG that actually gave enough of a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it's identity.That's this game.Buy it, play it, beat it. You won't regret it, and now you get to experience it in HD and not on a Vita."
76561198039408523,Recommended,538680,33987993,Posted: 3 August,all,WrongWay,It's amazing!!! This is the best version of this game. The company take their works seriously. Good Job!!!Fareware to my PS3 and PSV.
76561198084450182,Recommended,538680,34081094,Posted: 7 August,all,GaleGunner,"This game is really super awesome, an upgraded from console version. The story, character developments, gameplay, and its music is good to hear. Rate 9/10.Spoiler: If you reach chapter 3-Nord Highlands you will see a beautiful scene, make your heart feel relaxed"
76561198133213470,Recommended,538680,33980750,Posted: 2 August,all,Draken,"Compared to the original version >>+ improved graphics+ More Voice Acting+ Great Port,runs 60 Fps on Max Settings+ Combat looks great on 60 Fps+ This game is story rich so there is lots to readIf you liked legend of heroes games i'm sure you will enjoy this one too"
,Recommended,538680,34135083,Posted: 9 August,all,Zorin,Turbo mode. I didn't know technology like this existed. It's like fast forward but doesn't mess with the sound because that'd be sacrilegious. It's magic or something
,Recommended,538680,34493299,Posted: 25 August,all,kevkev543211,"wait.... I passed through the summer festival, the game should be over now?wooooo what is happening? wait how? no really...?♥♥♥♥♥♥what is this? Since when this game hadMECHS?!ANTHER TUTORIAL AFTER 65 HOURS?!What the shieeet is going on?!10/10, would be driven crazy again.no srsly. buy it. play it. enjoy it. absolutely worth the price, but you have to be a bit into this."
,Recommended,538680,34086694,Posted: 7 August,all,Norm,"A lovely mix of anime and Guide Damn ItSeriously that prologue boss' second form is another entry in the monster guide. Thats some Tales of Vesperia♥♥♥♥♥♥right there. I can't remember if it's the only instance of that (well, without going into spoilers) or not. Vesperia made me really paranoid of that :/Also if there's a reason why the stuff I have equipped doesnt always show as being in my inventory while in the shops I'd like to hear it. It was this way in the PS3 version and its always been a minor nitpick of mine.<3 this game thogood port/10"
,Recommended,538680,34029721,Posted: 4 August,all,Novem,Two times the fun with two Oliverts.
,Recommended,538680,34110545,Posted: 8 August,all,iamsenpai,"Awesome jrpg, like most trails games this starts off hella slow and at times might even seem like a generic one dimensional fantasy rpg. This gradually changes and the combat more then makes up for the wait, its very enjoyable although they did make the orbment system more casual then trails of the sky, the addition of the master quartz actually made me look past it. Great game overall, highly recommend it even if it'll be your first trails experience, this will be easier to work with then trails of the sky which i also recommend picking up."
,Recommended,538680,34068239,Posted: 6 August,all,Chon9,"System wise, this game has modern graphic with smooth 60fps.Beside of the cool storyline that needed by a good RPG, it also come with card games, fishing, cooking and all kind of things you can do in game.For the turn based battle system, you will find a lot of tactical decision were made upon the battle than other classical JRPG. You can simply try different builds on every character in the game.Not to forget to suggest use of instant travel to bring away the boringness of walk over the same place again and again, you can now done it by simply fast travel scene. If you don't like the slow animation of a JRPG, you can even use the built in turbo mode to speedup everything.Music also very well made, so i will recommended this game to every JRPG lover.Note: I had my first crash on game, but it was fixed by uninstalling the video software (Youku)"
,Recommended,538680,33980468,Posted: 2 August,all,magicllama27,"Trails of Cold Steel is one of the best JRPGs I've ever played, and while I've only peeked into the PC port a bit so far, it seems to do justice to this fantastic game. An immersive world, interesting and complex lore, a fun and ever-evolving combat system, an amazing cast of characters you can't help but get attached to, a little bit of neat Persona-like time management mechanisms, an obligatory fishing minigame... but I'll let some more eloquent reviewer expand on this game's merits. Basically, you're doing yourself a disservice by not experiencing TCS. You don't have to start the franchise from the beginning (although the earlier games are great as well); this was my first Trails game and it eased me into the established setting naturally and effectively. So there's nothing stopping you. Play this game!(Towa best girl btw. All hail Tiny President!)"
76561197970505538,Recommended,538680,33982270,Posted: 2 August,all,seahawkseven,"So far I'm loving the game. I have it on the PS3 and its great to be able to run it at 4k 60 fps. Its never going to be Horizons: Zero Dawn on looks, but it has its own art style that is easy to appreciate.The Legend of Heroes Games (there are 3 others on Steam under Trails in the Sky) thrive on wonderful characters and world building. Almost every NPC is going to have something interesting to say to you that makes the world feel more immersive. The characters you have in your party are a bit tropey (is that a word?) but in a good way. They all have more than one dimension to their personality and back story and their interactions with one another make for interesting group politics.The combat is standard turn based combat, quite a bit like the one used in Lunar or Chrono Trigger in that area based skills can cover multiple enemies based on grouping and everyone gets knocked around by attacks. The orbment system works well and allows you to vary things up and grind out some powerful characters.I think you will enjoy the game and will definitely want to try out the others in the series. You don't need to have played them to understand this one as it takes place in another region after the events of the first trilogy. All 3 of the Trails in the Sky games are also well worth your time and are pretty epic adventures in their own right. Probably the coolest thing about this series is that the history / setting is so well fleshed out so each game is going to fit like a puzzle piece in the history and lore of the game world. The Trails of Cold Steel games are also a trilogy and I believe the other 2 will eventually end up on Steam (hopefully sooner than later). If they are like the original trilogy, your save file carries from game to game for bonuses and other cool things. Its not Mass Effect level (decisions change the game in large ways) but its still a nice touch.TLDR: Its a very fun turn based RPG with great characters and a very impressive world. Also, its set in a school so if high school animes / Persona games are your thing, you're set."
,Recommended,538680,33980127,Posted: 2 August,all,✪Sky,"(Owner of the Original PS3 Version)Let's start by saying that 40$ for the game is indeed a bit steep, however in my opinion it's worth it because the port was masterfully done.Starting by a decent array of graphical options that smooths out the graphical quality of the game, although it's not a BIG difference it is still really good, also adding on a Turbo Mode feature that allows for fast forwarding through the game for speed runs, people who've played the game once already and are just passing in New Game+ or those who passed the ps3/PSVita version and want to play the game again without having to sit through the same dialogue they already saw once again!As for the best improvement, it is definitily in the FPS category, being able to choose between 30FPS, 60FPS and Unlimited FPS, allows the players to experience a much more fluid game than in the original PS3/PSvita version.Concerning the story and world building, there's not much to say, i loved it the first time and i'm sure i'll love replaying it with much better FPS now!Only issue i found so far is that in Windowed mode i can't move the window for some reason.TL:DR:Great Story, amazing world building, masterfully done port, 60FPS or Unlmited FPS Options and Turbo mode for fast forwarding through dialogue for speed runs, new game +, achievements and whatnot!"
,Recommended,538680,34344146,Posted: 18 August,all,candlefume,"The PC port came out of left field for me, when I saw it it was an immediate purchase. I played the PS3 version extensively, and it's by far one of my favorite RPGs. My recommendation is thusfar based off the PS3 version, but in my limited playtime I can say the port looks stunning and runs butter smooth, it's a real treat for those who played the PS3/Vita versions and newcomers alike."
76561197989957746,Recommended,538680,34365026,Posted: 19 August,all,revial,"Background: I loved Trails in the Sky I and II. III was more of a Dissidia Final Fantasy type game for my tastes.TL;DR thoughts: Trails of Cold Steel I is very similar to Trails in the Sky, with more streamlined combat, and a number of 'school' and dungeon aspects that seem reminiscent of the Persona series. Overall, I really enjoyed it, though much like Trails in the Sky I and II...there was enough in Trails of Cold Steel I to suggest II is where the real meat and potatoes will come into play story-wise, so to speak.More Detailed ThoughtsCombat: Very similar to Trails in the Sky, but increased CP generation allows it to be a bit more ""fun"". Also, you form links with party members, that allow for additional attacks, minor heals, etc.Characters: Like Trails in the Sky, your party is made up of likeable characters. You can tell, right off the bat, that even the cold ones would soften up over time. The main character is a dude this time, but much like Estelle from Trails in the Sky, is the type of good-hearted individual you wouldn't be ashamed of introducing to your parents. There were moments in both Trails in the Sky and Trails of Cold Steel made me kind of wish for less...heartful characters, I guess, but there's something endearingly charming in that, in a world where I tend to want more Game of Thrones instead. The antagonists are largely underdeveloped, but I suspect it's much like the Trails in the Sky series in that it will get much more fleshed out in Trails of Cold Steel II.Story: One could say it's a little too similar to Trails in the Sky in its design (it was pretty obvious where things were going, especially the ""reveal"" at the end if you had played Trails in the Sky), but I still enjoyed it. I think you can enjoy things that are familiar. Others may disagree. I will say that much like Trails in the Sky I's relationship to II, Trails of Cold Steel I really feels like it's going to end up being more of a prologue to the ""real story"" in Trails of Cold Steel II (and III). That's not to say it isn't good. But, I remember really enjoying Trails in the Sky I, and then when Trails in the Sky II finally became playable...realizing how much larger the story was intended to be. Now that I've seen that formula from this franchise, I think that was always in the back of my mind as I played through Trails of Cold Steel I.Playability: It is one solid JRPG. As you can see, I played 58 hours for one playthrough. That might have a couple of hours of pad time for when I took a break for dinner, etc, without turning it off, but that's still old school length of play. And, I definitely missed things, as I hadn't realized there were quests that don't have quest markers; you have to either talk to everyone at least 2-3 times to find them (which I didn't), or use a guide off the internet. I never look at guides on a first playthrough, hence me missing them.There's also a new game+ that allows you to carry various things over. If you're a completionist, you'll have to do a number of new game+s to complete everything. I'm not really a completionist. I did carry over the ability to see all character member bonding moments (by default, you are limited on that front, so you'll miss a good chunk of them in one playthrough), and will likely play this again in new game+ when (hopefully) Trails of Cold Steel II is close to release as a refresher.Text/voice: There's a TON of text in this game. Which, if you've played the Trails in the Sky series, shouldn't come as a surprise. There's some voice acting. It's interesting to watch as it starts off with mostly voice acting, and how it get's more sparse as the game proceeds. It's pretty normal voice acting for a JRPG that isn't Final Fantasy 12. :DConclusion: I already gave it in the TL;DR section at the top. :)"
76561198054761791,Recommended,538680,34391182,Posted: 21 August,all,Visard,"So satisfying with the game. Story, Character Dev, Combat is Great. Cannot wait for the second though."
76561197993382425,Recommended,538680,34429188,Posted: 22 August,all,Producer,Fie <3p.s An undubbing guide exists on the internet for people worried about JP audio
,Recommended,538680,34195477,Posted: 12 August,all,Yukito The Cat,"Falcom really knows how to please to us, the fans.This game is superb!! I already played it on my PS Vita and I fell in love with it. But right now, the ultimate version is on PC. Falcom, you did it great!!!Technically, runs great at solid 60 FPS at 4K resolution (3840x2160) on my GTX 1070. The game looks beautiful, pretty smooth.Right to the game itselt, this is one of the best games that Falcom has made. I fell in love with the Trails in the Sky series, but this game does one step further. Refined gameplay, improved combat system, refined Orbment system, even though I prefer the combinations what you could do in Trails in the Sky, for example, if you want to use an art called Death Scream, you have to combine certain different types of quartz and so on. Here in Trails in Cold Steel, you only need a quartz called Death Scream and there you are. There are some simplifications, but they are ok. Furthermore, you get the Master Quartz, which allows you to boots the stats of your characters and get some skills. I struggled to get used to it, considering I came from Trails in The Sky, but finally I got used to it and liked it.The combat system is almost the same as always, but improved. Now you can link the attacks between two characters, or you can perform a Rush attack, in which all characters attack at once. This new feature it's really cool!!Now, the party can contain more than four characters, even though only four are the active. However, you can exchange a character with other, so your combats gonna be more strategic.There are a lot of other improvements in terms of cooking system, quests system, inventory system, etc.But where the game really stands out is in the character development and story. I'm not gonna spoil you, for the people who didn't play the game yet, but we are in one of the best plot in a JRPG. Basically, I'm only gonna say that we are in the prelude of a civil war. And our young heroes, the class VII, enters into the party. The noble faction and the commoner faction have an increasing tension in the internal businesses of the Erebonian empire, and the class VII slowly begins to know what's going on. We have nine characters: Rean, Elliot, Gaius, Alissa, Laura, Machias, Jusis and Fie, each one with their own personalities, dreams, aspirations, doubts, fears and a past.And of course, there are a bit of fan service with the girls xD All of them are waifus, but if I would have to choose, I like Laura, I think she is the best girl of the game.So, If you enjoyed Trails of The Sky series, you will fall in love with this game, so make yourself a favor and buy it!!!... oh.... yes.... there are a bit more Olivier (or Olivert) in this game also."
,Recommended,538680,34220039,Posted: 13 August,all,Samuraiworld,"I've been playing this everyday for hours and hours at a time, it was just so addicting. I loved everything about the game from the combat to the story. I could break down the game in sections like some people do when reviewing it, but I rarely review games so I'm just going to simplify it. All I can say is combat was really interesting, each character gets an ultimate attack that reminded me of a mystic arte from the Tales Of series if you've played any of those. Of course like most RPG's as you level up you'll unlock new techniques as well. The game's magic system lets you discover new quartz that when equipped let you use different spells. Some of the spells are passive spells, such as increasing the amount of sepith you obtain, or having a chance to inflict debuffs on enemies when attacking them.Of course you also have plenty of side things to do, for instance there is a fishing mini-game and the game has 20 different kinds of fish. If you catch them all then you'll get a trophy and prizes. The game also has a cooking system in which you collect recipes, and just like the fishing challenge you can be rewarded for collecting all the recipes as well. I'm sure you probably guessed it, but the game does have a NEW GAME+ mode as well, so even after beating the game you can start a new game carrying over your level, equipment, spells, items, etc. The only downside you'll probably experience is having to wait for for Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel 2 to come out on Steam because I will warn you, the game ends on a MASSIVE cliffhanger that will have you saying ""What? COME ON!!!  I WANT TO KEEP PLAYING!!! I WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT!!""Overall I'd easily give the game a 9/10, I had no real problems with the game. The port is excellent, though I can recall one or two times it did freeze on me but technical issues are super rare from my experience. I really can't wait for the second game to be ported over to PC. It's like a bad itch that you can't scratch because all you want to do is find out what happens next!"
76561198271792471,Recommended,538680,34506984,Posted: 26 August,all,Porze,"Once again, the next Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel.This game follows the same formula as other games in the series.Overall, It is a decent game with great story, great character interactions and deep world building.This time, you do not take a role of a Bracer, instead you are protray as a student in a Foreign country struggle to find his own identity. as you go through each chapter, you get to be intimate with these character more and myself, end up loving and care for all of the cast despite some flaws here and there.Let talk about game mechanics; if you hear people said turn-based rpg is slow, throw this game to them. The gameplay is a huge step up in the series, if you have played previous game, you will know. Falcom manages to make the gameplay more fast-paced and still retain the aesthetics of older games.You should give it a try, this story is just a beginning, You DON'T have to play Trail in the sky before to enjoy this game.It just that you will get all the easter egg show at you, which is also a charm of this series. All of the story are connected"
76561198040343125,Recommended,538680,34517297,Posted: 26 August,all,That's ich!,"While not as amazing as Trails in the Sky, mainly because the school setting and the whole bonding thingy bring this game down a little bit, it's still pretty amazing :DSo, if you have not played Trails in the Sky yet, what are you waiting for? Go play the Trilogy and then come play this :DIf you have played Trails in the Sky, what are you waiting for? Start Cold Steel already :DAlso, as per usual for my Trails reviews:This game is10% School20% Rean15% Emma hiding her stuff5% ToWaifu50% Basedand a 100% Reason to play those games!And now to wait for Cold Steel 2 and/or Crossbell :D"
76561197970542160,Recommended,538680,34509769,Posted: 26 August,all,Emperor Wu,"Played with the undubbed mod. Was engrossed from beginning till the end.Dated graphics is not an issue at all when the story, gameplay, character development is at such awesomeness.Clocked at nearly 170 hours of gameplay myself, dare say It's a well optimised port, and worth every penny of it's launch price.Eagerly await for it's sequel."
76561197980446133,Recommended,538680,34540912,Posted: 27 August,all,YangXiaoLong,"Huge improvements over the PS3 versions. Better graphics, 60 fps, 1080p. A really nice port by Xseed.Pros:- World building- characters- Story- fun combatMinor Cons:- Side quests can get tedious over the course of playthrough.- Getting 100% on character profiles without a guide on first playthrough is pretty daunting task.For best experience, I really suggest taking the game 1-2 hours a day and really explore everything to the fullest. It's well worth the time."
,Recommended,538680,34461886,Posted: 24 August,all,Jim,Leaving the player with a cliffhanger ending is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up now Cold Steel II on PC needs to happen ASAP
76561198018615159,Recommended,538680,34710727,Posted: 3 September,all,Gott Mit Uns,"Overall I really enjoyed this game and cant what for number 2 to hit pc. The world and the story in this game are amazingly good. Every charactor has their own uniqe backstory which ties them into the greater world around them. The world they live in can (to the best of my ability) described as a contident going through a relitivly new ""orbital revilution"" which is the industrial and computer revolution comined with the added element of ""technilogical magic"" added in. The country you play in is in a changeing period between a eropean nobility class system and a more modern state. The main problem I have with this game is some elements of the combat system and the balancing of some of the enemies. First off there are way to many statis effects and it just makes things confusing and tedius, The second thing is that some of the bosses just feel like complete bs and i cant tell why im losing to them. Am I underleveled? Am I not biult corretly? Am I just bad? Or is this boss just poorly desined bs. Atlest you can weaken the enemies if you lose so you never get stuck. But other then that i do realy love this game and cant wait for the next one!"
76561198064002064,Recommended,538680,34675481,Posted: 1 September,all,godzillaisyourdaddy,"I would easily describe this game in one word: FAN******TASTIC!This game matches the quality set by the Sora no Kiseki (Trails in the Sky) series. Although this may be the first of another trilogy, this game does not let you down, especially at the end of the game where the dramatic experiences escalates tremendously... theeeeeeeen ends on an incredibly cruel cliffhanger that makes Trails in the Sky FC's seem rather tame. Unfortunately, we have to wait a while before getting the second act of this incredible journey on PC, so we might as well tide ourselves over with this gem.Back to the synopsis; this game takes place in Erebonia, the country that has been notoriously discussed in the Sky series as a warmongering country, when in fact the truth is far more complex than it seems. You see how this country behaves through the time that Rean Schwarzer and the rest of Class VII spend over at Thors Military Academy. You get to observe how each character in Class VII progressively grows into the unique and fascinating inviduals that they are, as well learn where they stand with how Erebonia as a country runs.One of the most interesting elements of the story is that it progresses over the course of a school year; each gameplay day represents a particular type of school day, such as Free Days, dungeon investigations, side quests for people at the academy and Trista, and of course the amazing Field Studies! Field Studies are the best parts of this game due to the fact that you travel to various parts of the country to learn about Erebonia's history, culture, and its people, furthering character development for all of Class VII!Speaking of gameplay, I would argue that it is the best of the currently released PC Trails series, especially the combat. The combat is much faster than the Sky trilogy due to the Combat Links provided by the new ARCUS battle orbmants. With combat links, each character forms a bond with another to trigger an additional attack or effect depending on the bond level the characters have with one another. More combat link effects will unlock later in the game that will allow you to unleash devastating attacks on your opponents with satisfying flair. Oh the joy of seeing your party wipe the floor with your enemies!If you are not aware, the Trails of Cold Steel series runs parallel with the Crossbell arc. Everything that is happening in Cold Steel is happening AT THE SAME TIME as Zero no Kiseki! You will see so many references to the Crossbell region that it makes you want Zero no Kiseki so badly to find out about the characters that are mentioned, as well as seeing just how exactly the story unfolds in tandem with Cold Steel. Who knows when we will get to see the parallels fully, but it is something to look forward to.If you have not played a Legend of Heroes game, I would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend you hold off on this game and go purchase and play the entirety of the Trails in the Sky trilogy; seriously, it is incredibly good and will help you more emotinally connect with the world of Zemuria even more, as well as care deeply about returning characters in Cold Steel, and go crazy when certain characters names are mentioned!Once you do get the chance to play this wonderful first chapter in an epic new trilogy, I hope you enjoy this game as much as I have!*NOTE: You will need to play this game twice in order to experience everything it has to offer. Be ready! :)"
76561198121206088,Recommended,538680,34207802,Posted: 13 August,all,Black_Fang,"I would recommend this game over and over again if I could. If you have played the Trails in the Sky trilogy, don't even think, just buy it, you won't regret it.StoryAs you probably already know, this is the first game of the Erebonia arc. However, the story took a really different path than I was expecting. Not in a bad way though, it really took me by surprise. Falcom again proves that their JRPGs are the best as far as the story is concerned. You control Rean Schwarzer, as he joins a military academy as part of Class VII, which is different from the other classes as it doesn't follow the class system, and the nobles and commoners are treated equally. This leads to less than ideal situations, and it mostly falls to our protagonist to sort it out.SoundtrackI won't even explain this. Falcom JDK compose the best soundtracks, peroid. If anyone doesn't accept that, they should just bend over and consider where their life went wrong.GameplayThis game has a turn based combat similar to the Trails in the Sky games and the other Legend of Heroes games. The artes/magic works using the orbment+quartz system. However, this games features an enhanced versio of that system, called Arcus, which makes it significantly easier to use, although I have mixed feelings about that. I mean it's way too simplified. But nonetheless the combat is insanely fun.NPCs and CharactersThe NPCs and the other main characters are good enough but I can't say they are as good as the older Trails games, but they still kept me entertained. And, the antagonists. Well, I gotta say they just can't hold a candle to the likes of Wiessmann, Loewe or Campanella. Ah, well, but the good thing is that I have heard the badies from Obs make a return in the subsequet games.PC PortThis port is in one word perfect. The launcher lets you change each and every graphics option, from Anti-Aliasing to Ambient Occlusion, FOV, Shadow Resolution, Transparency AA, pretty much everything, plus they have also included NVIDIA's advanced AO algorithm HBAO+. But thats not it, there is an explanation of each option on the side with images, comparing the various levels of the effect/option. I have got to say. I really am impressed.ConclusionDo you like RPGs?Do you like JRPGs?Do you like video games with good stories and an innovative turn-based combat?If the answer to any of those Qs is yes then just buy the damn game already.Liked the review?Read the complete thinghere(screenshots also included):"
76561198091154275,Recommended,538680,34429017,Posted: 22 August,all,Haildir,"i'm not used to do review even when i like the game, but to this one i have to do an exemption, having no no even 20hs in the game but can see the quality and detail, just as Trail of the Sky, i cant remember when was the last time i have so much fun in an RPG, going from town to town meeting new people and talking to every single NPC (all have names and personality, not just background fillers) and of course the main cast is very good with theirs individuals circumstances and back stories, make me want to know them more and feel attachment. The combat is very good and fun, not feeling boring even once. The story so far is pretty good and it keep me interested which is what a good story based JRPG is suppose to do and the first reason i started to play games like this. I cant praise this game enough, and hear this is just the first in a trilogy so just as Sky a hope it deliver.PS: Sorry for my bad english, is not my native lenguage. =)"
76561198143390685,Recommended,538680,33984646,Posted: 2 August,all,pianogrinder,"This is what I live for. Top notch great games like this. :)Wasn't sure if my PC could use DX11 or not but turns out it can and handles it with ease. It handles high-end games like this with less CPU heating better than DX9 ever did.Now for the game. Set in the Legend of Heroes universe, you are in an academy with a group know as class VII. ( Final Fantasy HD Zero flashback.)I played all 3 LOH Trails in the sky series and beat them all. Now we get to see things from the Erebonian point of view.The graphics are amazing, story is good, music excellent, and combat muchly improved over the Trails in the sky series.Leveling is not too quick, as it should be. Goes along the pace as FF7 leveling does.Looking forward to see how this ties in with the previous trails games.So overall, get this game, it's one of the best out there."
76561198012382018,Recommended,538680,34748554,Posted: 4 September,all,MintCandy,I can't wait for Trails of Cold Steel II release!! pls hurry
,Recommended,538680,34771391,Posted: 6 September,all,The Colonel,"i could go into detail about all the things in this game that are amazing, but i spent like six hours going through the ending without any major breaks and now it's 1am, so all i'll say is that this is among the best jrpgs, not just on steam, but in general, with fantastic music, great character writing and a surprisingly satisfying and fast turn-based battle system and it does not waste a single second in any of its 80 hour playtime drawing you into its world and making you care about everyone from your own party to the random inconsequential npcs around every town."
,Recommended,538680,34067785,Posted: 6 August,all,Warseed,I'm so glad this game came to the pc!! Played this game on my Vita and I loved this game.
,Recommended,538680,34108455,Posted: 8 August,all,Kashish,Best RPG I've played this year. Cool battle system and a very persona like flavor in interacting with party members.
76561198078550094,Recommended,538680,34784851,Posted: 6 September,all,Lolimeister,Valimar.10/10
,Recommended,538680,34002360,Posted: 3 August,all,Lozzle,Cold Steel 1 and 2 are some of the best JRPGs from the last generation. Sank over 80 hours into 1 on ps3 just doing a casual play through. So glad I can run through again on PC with the enhancements. Shame the DLC isn't bundled into the pricing but still easily one of the best JRPGs on the market.
76561198108774321,Recommended,538680,35205597,Posted: 25 September,all,Cursedsword02,"**MINOR SPOILER WARNING I GUESS**God damn it, I NEED ToCS II to come out already! You can't just suck me into a game this heavily and end the game like that! COME ON!!!In case you haven't noticed yet... I LOVE THIS GAME!"
76561198060420223,Recommended,538680,34650820,Posted: 31 August,all,ExoticLegio,a Good game worth $40
,Recommended,538680,34437262,Posted: 23 August,all,Pepe_Dotard,"really good, i like the combat system."
76561198052013895,Recommended,538680,34213330,Posted: 13 August,all,Audiomander,"Game is soooooo goood and worth every single second! Game is long and kept me well entertained! Game has a lot of feels  to it especially towards the end once you get to know everyone,Only thing I can complain about is that Cold Steel 2 & 3 is not out on PC platform cause I will definitely buy them on release day!Totally Recommended if you are into JRPG/Turn-Based Game!"
,Recommended,538680,34496325,Posted: 25 August,all,Shadowpulse,CS2&3 PC Version waiting room pls let me in
,Recommended,538680,34497503,Posted: 25 August,all,Iza,nicenice
76561198249726434,Recommended,538680,34641808,Posted: 31 August,all,NanoRad,"A TRUE MASTERPIECE!What can you say about a game that exceeds your expectations on every level?If you are a fan of the Trails in the Sky trilogy then you are going to love this game. Take my word for it.Have you not played any games from the series but you are a generic fan of anime/JRPG?  Then I say you should give it a try. Because Trails of Cold Steel  marks the start of a brand new story which adapts certain aspects from its predecessors but swings to a unique direction. Some background knowledge may increase the taste you take from the story but it is not a necessity.It has a fascinating story that deepens with every step you take.  You watch the story through the perspective of Rean Schwarzer, a junior student in Thor’s Military Academy.  Yet from the very start of the game you find yourself surrounded by a bunch of different characters, your classmates and instructors. Characters who have travelled from different parts of the Erebonian Empire.Each of these characters possess a different personality, an uninhibited view of the world they live in. That’s right! Those classmates not “your gang” who keep following you blindly in your self-proclaimed quest.  They have their own thoughts, feelings and remarks. While some of them are rather friendly and modest from the very start of the story; you will find some are quite cynical and rude, rather hotheaded and prickly, quite cold and reckless, irritatingly proud and serious, amusingly childish and immature or rather polite yet completely shrouded by mystery. Every character has their own past and secrets which you discover throughout the flow of the game. These secrets vary from small ones like favorite foods or childhood dreams to rather serious ones like real name or lineage of a character. And these details make you feel like you are surrounded by real people instead of an army of side-kicks.  Only after experiencing some serious bonding events they will start to open up to you and respect you.While you are trying to get used to your new life in the military academy, a much thicker plot starts to unwind  in the background which contains components of an international crises, an ever-growing civil unrest  between different social classes, a dark organization with a mysterious agenda and an ancient fairy tale that starts to show signs of legitimacy. And each answer you get will only trigger more questions.  And get ready for some unforeseeable twists!Apart from the fascinating story and fulfilling character development, Trails of Cold Steel also offers a vibrant atmosphere and a great soundtrack. The characters will travel to different points of a giant empire and each step of their journey will take place in a completely different setting  varying from the others with an authentic  NPCs and fitting background music. Unless you are rushing the game, try to talk to as many NPCs around as possible. The things you learn, or the items you acquire may surprise you.As a fellow RPG-gamer I give this game 10/10 and recommend it to every JRPG lover. And keep in mind that this game is only the first installment of a trilogy. Therefore do not expect to see an “end” yet. ;)"
,Recommended,538680,34647150,Posted: 31 August,all,JudgeRAW00,"Trails of Cold Steel is like a PG-13 version of Game of Thrones. The story and characters are definitely the draw, the clash of ideals and politics of the country of Erebonia taking center stage. You play as Rean Schwarzer who is a new student at Thors Military Academy where he joins Class VII, the newly instated class which throws together members of both the noble and commoner social classes. As you can imagine this creates a bit of tension where the ideals of the students clash, but it's interesting to see how they get over their inhibition and prejudices as they learn more about one another. There's a lot of conspiracy and world building here. For my money it's the best JRPG of the last 15 years at least. On top of the great story you have one of the best soundtracks in gaming ever, and a fun, snappy combat system. If you're a classic JRPG fan you owe it to yourself to check out Trails of Cold Steel. It's available on PS3 and PS Vita as well as the PC, though PC is definitely the definitive version thanks to the option of sped up gameplay (turbo mode) beautiful upgraded graphics and additional voice acting where Rean doesn't stay oddly silent as everyone around him talks. Also, the voice acting is superb across the board."
76561197978047721,Recommended,538680,34656859,Posted: 1 September,all,spiffyness117,I just started playing this version of the game and let me say one thing: Absolutely Perfect.This is the version you want to play of Cold Steel. There are so many options to tweak your game.With 60 FPS or Unlimited if you'd prefer. This is how the game was meant to be played. Xseed Thank youfor reaching out to Durante for the port. You cannot go wrong. Support Xseed on pc by buying this game for full purchase.Really worth all 40 of your munny dollars. Cannot wait for Cold Steel 2 and 3 for pc. I am running this game on a quad core lga 775 cpu and gtx 650Ti. runs beautifully.
,Recommended,538680,34979398,Posted: 15 September,all,Zhuinden (人^▽')～,"Okay so this game is interesting in the sense that you hate the guts of a whole lot of characters at the start, but they grow on you. Except Alisa. And Emma. But whatever. Laura is best grill.This whole game is pretty much a set-up for Cold Steel 2 where THINGS WILL EXPLOOOOOOOOODE so it's definitely worth playing if you're into JRPGs and you enjoy a good story, even if the start drags on a bit.Ah, and the port was done by Durante. Guy who fixed Dark Souls and stuff. So it's good."
,Recommended,538680,34849527,Posted: 9 September,all,Plumpkyun♡Neechan,"The Bank of Rean keeps your interest very high, so hopefully you're prepared for the many hours this game has to offer.Explore Erebonia on your regularly scheduled School Simulator field trips, finding mysteries, conflict pressure... or some oddball character around every corner.With a great effort of depth in this world, remember to keep your eyes peeled, toy with your orbments and talk with as many people as you can.Orbments are pretty unique and fun to play around with. I could spend ages fiddling with it, wondering which arts, stats, playstyle and other bonuses I want from it.Despite me pressing turbo for most of the running around, skipping battle animations and slow camera scenes, I feel like there were still plenty of hours of story and gameplay, both being enjoyable.Now I'm left with built up interest and need to pay for more."
,Recommended,538680,33982863,Posted: 2 August,all,siln,"I originally played Trails of Cold Steel on the PS Vita, but when I heard about the graphical enhancements, new features and added voice work that Durante and XSeed had poured into this port, I knew that I would have to double-dip and pick up what can pretty safely be called the now-definitive English version of the game.  It runs beautifully on a modern gaming PC, and of course, has never looked or sounded better, but options exist that will allow the game to run well on even the most basic device that can manage DX11.In much the way that Trails in the Sky begins with the familiar archetypes and tropes of JRPGs and anime of the 90s, Cold Steel takes more contemporary cliches to begin with, and then expertly expands upon them, exploring or subverting them in ways that you don't expect, and crafting a world with heart and depth that makes Zemuria feel like a second home for as long as you're willing to pour hours into exploring it.The turn-based combat can offer as much or as little strategy as you please depending on how you set your difficulty.  Breeze through and focus on the story, or grind it out, maximizing your ARCUS builds until not even bosses can touch you.There's a social element this time to the game, and building link levels with your classmates will lead to new scenes and stonger link bonuses.  The link attacks and other systems add back a bit of complexity that has been lost in Cold Steel's more streamlined quartz crystals.While longer-time Trails fans will find plenty of references and through-lines to get excited about, Cold Steel represents a good point of entry for newcomers to the series, particularly as Trails in the Sky continues to show its age, if only visually.  The Erebonian arc starts here, and there are new friends to join you as you begin to explore the history and politics of not only the empire itself, but of the Zemurian continent and its various factions and faces."
76561198051352695,Recommended,538680,34473640,Posted: 24 August,all,xXzeak47Xx,so many best girls a solid jrpg
76561198008778914,Recommended,538680,35108791,Posted: 21 September,all,Ser Kezian,So I was led onto this game by Sara. A programmer at Xseed games. Thank you so bloody much. What a fantastic game. Great story. Likeable characters. Great dialogue. Great twists.Now I've just got to wait for the next one. Please hurry up. I don't want to be left waiting too long.
,Recommended,538680,34905250,Posted: 12 September,all,Antoan,"I played this on my Vita... and while it wasn't the best performance, the game was rich in story and is exactly what you'd expect from a traditional JRPG game. If turn-based is your thing, then grab snatch this game!Also, I decided to buy this again for PC, since I'd heard Durante was optimizing and features more English dialogue. And, primarily because I'm a huge fan of the LoH games. Very well worth the money and runs flawlessly for PC (obviously)."
76561198011768789,Recommended,538680,35100304,Posted: 21 September,all,Keytium,"One of the most indepth and in grossing worlds that has ever been made for a video game. The places seem so alive and that makes the story hit home so much more.Also the game is great value for money, given it has around 80 hours of content for one non-perfectionist playthrough."
,Recommended,538680,34581269,Posted: 29 August,all,ΞΧΔ.Zylf,"Note: This game is the first part of the story in Trails of Cold Steel series.Note: It doesn't matter if you haven't played Trails in the Sky series since it took place in different location and timeline.The major part in this game is about Rean Schwarzer and his friends . You will know a lot about each character's background through field study which is a special curriculum for Class VII.The important part in this game is about politics. The tension between the noble faction and the reformist faction in your country, Erebonia. Why? One side hates the nobles and the other hates the dictator chancellor.Sounds boring, right?No- Not yet. The important part of the The Legend of Heroes series is aboutOuroborosa secret society and ancient civilization.There are parts in the game which involved them.Battle is easier than Trails in the Sky-No more hassle to analyze enemy-A new mechanic called LinkSoundtrack-Not really good and it's not bad eitherVoice dub-Devs don't have permission to use japs dub so this game will use english dub-You hate english dub? Google the japs dub-It doesn't matter though because there are a lot of no audio linesOther than use your bonding points and dance with your waifus, there's nothing else (spoiler-free stuff) worth mentioning .My rating: Alisa best waifu 8/10"
76561197981127515,Recommended,538680,34922564,Posted: 13 September,all,Ry,v.good
76561198358085952,Recommended,538680,34941030,Posted: 13 September,all,Dalam,"Very good game.  It's  the Trails series after all.  Can't wait for 2 to come out.  Bought both on Vita, so replaying them again on PC with the added voice and tweaks."
76561197990241108,Recommended,538680,34482086,Posted: 25 August,all,gospelman,"This is one of my favorite games.  I already own CSI and CSII both on PS3 and Vita.  I was also happy to pay full price on the day of release.  I did not buy the dlc constumes as I already paid for them once on PSN.This game is probably not for everyone.  Graphics overall and character animations in particular can be rough.  This game will probably not appeal to those who like to get into fast paced action quickly.  Instead, this game is best enjoyed with a laid-back approach of talking to every npc, finding every hidden sidequest, exploring and customizing everything, end enjoying the game's excellent music.The plot in CSI is interesting.  The pacing is intentionally uneven in the careful unfolding of a detailed plot.  Without spoiling anything I can say it will ramp up sharply at the end of the game.  This will make you want to play CSII immediately..  which is somewhat of a problem until the PC release of CSII.  (I just grabbed my vita version.. oh how I miss turbo mode!)One of the strongest parts of this series is the likable characters.  Many times I find the main character of a jrpg to be shallow and annoying.  Rean, in contrast, is a dynamic character who sees a good amount of character development.  His voice actor in particular makes the character very likable and  accessible without being obnoxious or overly simplistic.  There are a lot of other solid characters as well.  I genuinely feel conflicted in every playthrough over which girl to choose, as there are a number of likable options.  Even the npc's are given unique personalities and are detailed if you go out of your way to speak to them throughout the game.The dialogue between characters is not as excellent as Trails in the Sky but still pretty solid.   There are a few cringeworthy scenes between characters being contentious in a way that just feels derived and forced.The improvements to the PC version are also excellent.  Turbo mode, in particular, is extremely helpful.  I am playing on a 4k display with maxed settings using a Dualshock 4.  I am enjoying the fluid performance and instant load times.  Sadly one strange bug that occurred throughout the game is a black spiderweb-like pattern of lines popping out in the sky during rendered scenes.  Also a number of character models have a black shadow on their legs which should not be there.  Hopefully these get addressed in oncoming patches.I strongly recommend this game if you like rpgs, jrpgs, lengthy detailed stories, interesting characters, and/or excellent music,  It is worth full price.  It is my hope that by supporting this game, we will see a localized version of the Crossbell series that I would love to play.  Please make this happen XSeed!"
,Recommended,538680,34564204,Posted: 28 August,all,Jeong Eun-ji,"Everything from ""The Legend of Heroes"" series is fantastic and beautiful.As someone who has played a lot of these titles, bringing Trails of Cold Steel to PC was not something they just wanted to do as they ported it with a lot of improvements, features as well as new voice lines. They do not dissapoint.I already have this game in my PS Vita, but prior to the release of this in Steam I was ready to buy this to show support and love for this game.I look forward for more of these ported/released to the PC platform."
,Recommended,538680,34644029,Posted: 31 August,all,bunny1ov3r,"Although perhaps this installment doesn't compare in its overall quality to classics such as Trails in the Sky, it does live up to the name of legend of heroes series, in terms of story and gameplay.The newest combat gameplay system does not deviate too much from the traditional gameplay, slightly tweaking certain aspects and adding a lot more collection elements. Storywise, I found this part of the narrative quite good. Told mainly from the perspectives of a group of Erebonian military students, the POV is full of energy. The cutscenes have also been updated into 3D CG, along with about 30-50% English dub, helping to bring more (narrative) details into world-buidling and story-telling. However, there are two major problems that marrs this game: 1. how conflicts are resolved can be quite naive to certain extent 2. the school life and political conflicts, which make up the majority of the story, do not blend well with the ancient artifact/snake society's conspiracy part of plotOverall, this game is worth buying and it took for me about 40 - 50 hour to complete it on normal. I'd give it a score of 7.5/10. I won't be buying the cold steel 2 though because the story there seems quite weak."
,Recommended,538680,35141898,Posted: 22 September,all,Koah,"The last JRPG I played was made back in 2002 and at some point in the ensuing decade and a half protagonists turned into reasonably intelligent human beings who are capable of solving problems between themselves and not being idiots for the sake of drama.  I don't know what happened between then and now but I'm pretty happy about it, all told.The options for the port are also extensive to the point of excessive, adding more graphics options than I've seen in some games made solely for PC as well as A FAST FORWARD BUTTON.  IN A JRPG.DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY JRPGS COULD BE IMPROVED BY ADDING FAST FORWARD BUTTONS?HINT: ALL OF THEM.XSEED AND MARVELOUS YOU WONDERFUL WEEB ENABLERS"
,Recommended,538680,35014656,Posted: 16 September,all,Dragoon,"Join Rean along with the other students of Class VII from Thors Military Academy as they travel through Erebonia on their field studies to solve issues for locals and discover who they are and their place in the political world before a darker more serious story unfolds and explodes.Unlike somewhat similar franchises and titles, ToCS focuses more on the global political and military elements throughout the story helping players absorb the world better instead of fading into the background as an afterthought. But the real pull is how lifelike and different all of the characters are; Rich, poor, noble bloodline, and commonfolk. Each character and NPC typically will have a different background or attitude bringing about a more believeable world.I also like how each new installment is not a brand new game in a brand new world (or distant timeline) but a few years into the timeline so players can see familiar faces facing different struggles in a changing, evolving world.Oh and the PC port is absolutely flawless.Running this in 3440x1440 when it was originally optimized for the PS Vita is insane."
,Recommended,538680,35032611,Posted: 17 September,all,ゲッタ,Extremely fun game. Story is a bit slow but there's a lot of it. There's actual difficulty in the fights as well and if you're not careful you can get wiped. Be warned that there's a humongous cliffhanger at the end of this game that will only be resolved when the second game comes out.
,Recommended,538680,35151551,Posted: 23 September,all,Palabragrís,"This series (and Trails in the Sky) has been a huge and pleasant surprise for me, a long-time RPG fan. Legend of Heros exists since the late 80s, but it never gathered much of a following in the West. Gladly, XSEED has done an excellent job with the localization of the Kiseki series, so the following is starting to gather up!About this game especifically, I absolutely recommend it. There are a lot of JRPGs out there that follow an anime-esque storyline, but few write them as engaging and with so compeling characters as Nihon Falcom did with this game and its sequel. The story is great, you CARE for your companions and for the political situation of Erebonia and its people. Even NPCs are compelling.Gameplay is also great (even if a little dated).On the ""negative"" side, the game is LONG (prepare to stay with it for around 80 to 90 hours), it starts very slow (be patient, it's worth it! Every good book starts developing slowly) and some main quests can drag.Nothing to make me dislike this game at any front. Utterely recommended!"
,Recommended,538680,35226707,Posted: 26 September,all,Muru,"Literally the game I enjoyed the most on Steam. JRPG fans should give this a try. Oh btw, Laura's ponytail is the best waifu."
,Recommended,538680,34154996,Posted: 10 August,all,Arsene-Lupin,"The absolute worst thing I can say about this game is that Estelle is not in it.You're probably better off playing the Trails in the Sky duology first, but Cold Steel makes a fine first dip into the Trails series for newcomers, so don't stress out too much about that. If you can appreciate excellent character writing, one of the most richly detailed settings in all of fiction, and a deliciously slow-burning plot (that eventually explodes) you'll discover here one of the finest JRPGs out there."
76561197966117425,Recommended,538680,35227154,Posted: 26 September,all,Crng,♥
76561198207233391,Recommended,538680,34549977,Posted: 28 August,all,vexioRenon,If you enjoy Trails in the Sky you'll enjoy this too.Though estelle is still the better MC for me
,Recommended,538680,33985055,Posted: 2 August,all,RAY DO IT,Played this twice on Vita and loved it despite the limitations. PC version is obviously way better than even the PS3 version making this the definitive version of the game. I started with FC but everyone who has played Cold Steel first and then went back to play FC seem to still be able to enjoy it so give it a shot!
,Recommended,538680,34618139,Posted: 30 August,all,Seo,Good gameGood charactersGood musicGood PC portIt's pretty damn anime.
,Recommended,538680,34406065,Posted: 21 August,all,Parrots,"I'm actually pretty new to the Trails of series, I started out with Sky but saw this came out so I'm trying this first.Very impressed with the game and it's characters. One thing I do like, is the use of every character where as some RPGs could literally let you use one team to beat it.I've heard about this franchise back on the PS3 but I've always simply never got the chance to play, now that I did, I'm really enjoying it.Let's get down to business with the game.PROS:- Pretty well done story- Great characters and development and backstories keep getting revealed- Has that Persona feel to it with the school system- Amazing soundtrack- Voice acting in English has been treating me great with a few corny morments here and there, it delivers nicely overall. I'm currently playing through the game in English and will stick to it.- The system overall is amazing- Keyboard and Mouse controls work phenomenal- Also the option for controller support- The ability to tweak the settings including skipping intros and cutscenes for the speedrunners- Lengthy game that keeps me wondering what happens next- Optional quests not being forced on the player for those who just want to focus on the main storyline- Bosses give a great challenge- Unlike many other games, it makes use of every party member instead of always sticking to certain party members- Ability to control every character in your party- A Lengthy game giving hours of content and gameplay to do- Several other games in the franchise take place at the same timeNeutral:- Although the system is amazing, it does seem complicated at first- I'm not a fan of the auto removal of ORBS on party members not in your group- Optimization and performance on the game isn't crystal perfect as even on a 1070+i7 6700k on Max settings I get hicups here and there on 144Hz.- When not in your party, you can't change other characters outfits.- There's learning in the game. Now I'm not sure about you but I don't want to learn in these games so for the question answers I honestly just look up a guide like Persona.Negatives:- Sadly the game doesn't have Japanese dub as an option for those who prefer the native language. Though the English voices do deliver very nicely and were very enjoyable throughout this game and 2. (There's ways to put the Japanese voices in a mod)- The game still has bugs to work out, it's not 100% perfect- Sometimes the game may bug out when playing on a higher refresh rate. (More than 60FPS)- You can miss certain items or quests making you have to play NG+ to earn them again- This is a personal for me, no auto talk for voices cutscenes.- Some character animations like even the basic hi five or slap to the face look TERRIBLE.- Many times at 144Hz, they get hit before the animation ever even touched them.- Graphically today, it doesn't look too great as it kinda was a portable game. Still as they say, the older games hold lots of replay value. It looks a bit nasty lol.Overall I can say I give the game a 9/10 Very GreatAmazing overall game but it still has kinks graphically isn't so great, but delivers on great story and gameplayI really felt like I missed out on a great RPG, now I will check out other Falcom games.Now when will Cold Steel 2 come to PC? I had bought it and beating it on PS3, but wish for a PC version to ToCS2 on here. The frame rate, save times, shadows and load times are awful on there."
76561198106165594,Recommended,538680,34068905,Posted: 6 August,all,Maximus,"This is much better than the PS3 version. The graphics look better, the performance is better (fast save times), and being able to use the mouse to move the camera is so much better than using a controller. This version also includes more voice acting. This a is a must buy for people who enjoy these types of games. 10/10!"
76561198065802178,Recommended,538680,34310732,Posted: 17 August,all,Model 0z74,"Sen no kiseki I, has a cliffhanger if ever i saw one,sen no kiseki II, Has an even worser Cliffhanger Then the first.Then sen no kiseki III, and there Cliffhanger of lifetime.Nihon / Falcom - Master's at cliffhangers."
76561198064146831,Recommended,538680,34784939,Posted: 6 September,all,Dogmeat,"A group of teenage students from Thors Military Academy are sent to potential hotspots around the country by their teachers and family members where their safety, freedom and very lives are constantly placed in jeopardy by various military factions and a group of violent terrorists.The Department of Education could learn something from this game."
76561198009170734,Recommended,538680,34005837,Posted: 3 August,all,Chaosbroker,These aren't things you want ...These are things you need.
76561198187815943,Recommended,538680,34006692,Posted: 3 August,all,Mod-It Max,"I love Falcom and now I love XSEED, too. Glad I held off on playing this through on my Vita. The english voice acting is spot on. (I'm sure those japanese voices onry people would still complain about it).I fell out of love with JRPG's a long time ago, but the fantastic work put into these games has reminded me of why I liked JRPG's in the first place. A shining example of a JRPG done right."
76561198398840512,Recommended,538680,33988052,Posted: 3 August,all,Hopelist,"Hope that I can get all series of the Legend of Heroes on steam. CS II, CS III, ZERO, AO. Just take my money!"
,Recommended,538680,34408584,Posted: 21 August,all,Str8 Flexin,"My review for Trails of Cold Steel is more aimed at people who have played the Sky Trilogy. If you haven't played the Sky Trilogy (You should be right now) and are curious to see some comparisons, don't worry. This review is spoiler free.Pros+ The already great combat from the sky trilogy has been significantly improved.  Arts have been knocked down a few notches, with Melee/Crafts taking the front seat in Cold Steel.+ Music is Falcom. Enough said.+ Story and world building are as great as ever. Tons of twists and turns and an all-around great way to kick off the CS trilogy.+ World is vibrant, colorful, and full of different settings. Graphics are goood.+ Turbo Mode is an absolute god send.Cons- A lot of Items (Mainly Quartz) you obtain are pretty underwhelming and never really serve a purpose.- A lot of side quests felt rather pointless compared to the ones in the Sky Trilogy. I found myself skipping the dialogue in certain ones entirely, just to get to my reward faster.- Main cast of characters in Cold Steel, which mainly consist of typical anime tropes (Not the case at all in the sky trilogy), aren't all that interesting in the beginning and never fully live up to the cast from the Sky Trilogy. Which to be fair, is incredibly hard to live up to, and I guess an unfair comparison after me just playing one game. They do end up eventually evolving way past the point of being just ""typical anime tropes"" though.As a huge fan of the Trails series, it probably goes without saying that I recommend this game. It's a great starting point for newcomers (I do HIGHLY recommend playing the Sky Trilogy first though) and an absolute must play for fans of the series. Despite my little rant on the characters, I still think the cast is great. I really grew attached to them as the game went on. Some of them are definitely bland at times, but I'm rather hopeful they will continue to grow as I play through the Cold Steel trilogy."
,Recommended,538680,34505641,Posted: 26 August,all,Tendou Karen,Can't wait for CS2
76561198258415480,Recommended,538680,34621204,Posted: 30 August,all,Outspace,"* Deep lore.* Classic but addictive battle system.* About 70h playtime, obviously depending on your own rythm.* Awesome cast (Laura & Alisa ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) )Can't wait for the second chapter !"
,Recommended,538680,34983238,Posted: 15 September,all,ArtGZT,10/10 story8/10 gameplay7/10 music7/10 graphics design (without community HD pack)Would buy Cold Steel 2&3 when its on PC
76561198038617098,Recommended,538680,33977997,Posted: 2 August,all,demir_grad,"Highly recommend this game for RPG fans. Gameplay is very simuIar to Persona games where you have combat and school life (Social links and Exams). Graphics on High settings look gorgeous. I cant wait for Part 2 and 3. I own PS3 version, PSVita Jap, PSVita Eng and legend of heroes ToCS2 PSVita and i dont regret buying this game again."
76561198260438953,Recommended,538680,33987515,Posted: 3 August,all,kalimailuo,移植得挺不错的，就是鼠标键盘操作太灵活了，不太好弄，其他的就是我这电脑只能开最低档玩了，30帧感觉很卡，不知道后面会不会有优化，画面和英文语音都做得很好。更正一点 这PC版默认核显简直烦死了，改成独显后最高档画质流畅得要死！！一定要改独显啊啊！！
,Recommended,538680,33987066,Posted: 3 August,all,Han Joon Gi,"I'm a simple man, I see Cold Steel with 1920x1080 at 60 FPS, I buy."
76561198011638478,Recommended,538680,33978277,Posted: 2 August,all,Kitsune,"I played this game on PS Vita originally and loved it. I decided I'd play it on PC as well because it was just that good.When I first started up the game I was met with something absolutely surprising. This port has extensive options for quality settings, controller prompts and other QoL tweak options such as FOV. Probably most surprising part is that the port supports 21:9 ratio, videos and menus are in original ratio though, so during those you either have black bars or just see the game.This is definitely a 10/10 PC port, totally caught me off guard."
76561198340789629,Recommended,538680,34102407,Posted: 8 August,all,Skyreach,To say that this game is good is doing it a disservice. This game is nothing short of amazing. Buy it.
76561198062654385,Recommended,538680,34003253,Posted: 3 August,all,Butter,Fie is best girl <3
76561198094809594,Recommended,538680,34096922,Posted: 7 August,all,Xavier,"Very nice game, gameplay like other trails of seriesStoryline and soundtrack are amazing, can't wait for the trails of cold steel 2Don't hesitant buy this game, very worth it to buy"
,Recommended,538680,34008274,Posted: 3 August,all,inf0sec,"Great port, a very balanced JRPG. Probably one of the best balanced JRPGs I've played since Grandia 2."
76561198046659821,Recommended,538680,34013089,Posted: 4 August,all,gorathff,Very high quality port as with all Legend of Heroes games. Awesome seies finally on PC.The only major downside is no Japansese voicover option only crappy english one.Playing with voice disabled advised.
76561198057875952,Recommended,538680,33979231,Posted: 2 August,all,Lozange,"Ignore the playtime, I pumped 80+ hours into the vita version, I know what I'm on about.AT LAST, a trails game I can recommend to newcomers that isn't the first one. If you've played the trails in the sky games, there'll be some references for you to appreciate, but if you haven't, the game gets you up to speed.What is the game? PORTED BY THE GUY WHO FIXED DARK SOULS IN FIFTEEN MINUTES or however that story goes, it's a JRPG with a super heavy emphasis on world building, surprisingly deep characters, and awesome music. It might seem a little anime, and it is, but there's more to it than that.Did you play trails in the sky and find it too slow paced? Good news! This game starts out with some enticing plot points to get you hooked before slowing down for world building shenanigens. Also, exclusive to the pc port (Based Dark souls guy) is turbo mode, which basically speeds up the game a bunch without affecting music and the like. If you've played the recent Final Fantasy 12 remaster, it's like the speed up function in that, it's great.Anyway, I want to get back to replaying this, so uh, more voice acting is great, the voice acting in general is great especially once the characters warm up a bit (Don't take the trailer at face value, all of those lines are battle quotes and some of them have been distorted for special attacks), HAVE I MENTIONED THE MUSIC IS GREAT, and I love almost all of the characters a little too much.Also also, I love 60FPS. How did I manage on vita."
76561198314833780,Recommended,538680,33985516,Posted: 2 August,all,mo@kamome,nice
,Recommended,538680,34201664,Posted: 12 August,all,Cid,"The story and cast isn't quite as strong as the 'Trails in the Sky' games and it's clear that Falcom aimed this at a difference audience. Nevertheless, it scratches that Trails itch and this port is one of the best I've ever seen."
,Recommended,538680,34264480,Posted: 15 August,all,クロウ,"i really can't wait cold steel II come to steam, this game is the best"
,Recommended,538680,34233324,Posted: 14 August,all,Xerxes. bre@k,"At the time of writing, I was at Chapter 5 and just finished saving two damsels in distress. Urgh! Honestly, I couldn't care less of nobility like the initial Machias. The endeavours of Class VII of Thors Military Academy comprising of nine gifted students are the crux of the whole plot. You will have military students trying to save the world with the guidance of more experienced affiliates.Personally, I am not really into their endeavours riddled with ""plot convenience."" All this while, as I continue playing JRPGs, I failed to understand on the convenience of the plot. For example, in FF franchise, if someone dies outside of battle, why can't anyone just use Phoenix Down to save the dying person? Those are the kind of things that seem unexplainable. In ToCS case, I encountered a situation where Comrade C could have died by my hands if not for the advancement of story.In short, I am bitter with the series but I will still recommend the game as I adore the very concept instilled since Trails in the Sky; quartz system and turn-based system that are the centre of the JRPG. What I don't like since the beginning is the cast. I can honestly say that I am like the initial Fie that don't give a damn about other characters except Sara. I truly miss Bracer Guild :("
,Recommended,538680,34683572,Posted: 2 September,all,Blairo,Amazing top quality PC port major props for that. The game itself has a fantastic story would highly recomend! Cant wait for the next two parts.
76561198089245676,Recommended,538680,34715124,Posted: 3 September,all,NerdDragoon,i love this game cant wait for number 2 to coming to steam
,Recommended,538680,34718570,Posted: 3 September,all,CaptainSellout/skinhub.com,Ive really been enjoying this game. I never played it on its original system this is my first time an it reminds me alot of the Persona series particularly P3 which was the best and I really love it. I just wish there were more school interactions between the field studies but either way the game is a blast.Also Laura is best girl
,Recommended,538680,34516276,Posted: 26 August,all,Defai,"Entertaining game, fun and simple enough to enjoy. Looking forward to seeing Trails of Cold Steel II come to PC."
,Recommended,538680,35156570,Posted: 23 September,all,Верный (Verniy),INEEDSEQUELNOWFORGODDAMCLIFFHANGERRRRRRRRRRRRRR
76561198103651772,Recommended,538680,34495103,Posted: 25 August,all,Vigi React,"It has a Persona-like school/social link system, choosable difficulties for those who like it rough (Nightmare is the best option, the others are too easy), and NPCs with so much depth it puts most main characters to shame."
,Recommended,538680,34493509,Posted: 25 August,all,MaskRaider,"Keyboard wasd has problem, please test and fix it. Thanks..."
,Recommended,538680,34882031,Posted: 11 September,all,SapphireVM,I spent quite a few hours in this game. It's beautiful. Yes!
,Recommended,538680,34887662,Posted: 11 September,all,Angry Custard,"Hands down one of the best games I've ever played. Definitely enjoyed it more than Trails in The Sky (and I think Sky is a superb trilogy as well). All the characters have their own amazing personalities, story is great, the mechanics gives you that classic rpg vibe. I love it! Can't wait until XSEED ports the 2nd game!!"
,Recommended,538680,34004766,Posted: 3 August,all,Craig78,buy it if you want zero ao and cs3 :D
,Recommended,538680,35213776,Posted: 25 September,all,Legendary,"If you enjoyed the Trails in the Sky series, you are going to enjoy this series. The story takes place in the same universe but instead of taking place in Liberl, it's in the Erebonian Empire. Great gameplay, awesome fights, great soundtrack, character connections, etc. It's an awesome addition to the Trails series and I highly reccomend buying it. Rating:10/10"
,Recommended,538680,34003344,Posted: 3 August,all,thwayset,C R O S S B E L LROSSBELL
76561198159653383,Recommended,538680,34130987,Posted: 9 August,all,shadyxlr,I've enjoyed the game. This was the first Legend of Heroes game I've played but it sucks you right into the story.
,Recommended,538680,34555375,Posted: 28 August,all,PsyЯen,Emma and Towa are best girls
76561198111997626,Recommended,538680,34428645,Posted: 22 August,all,drelhour,I don't want to buy a PS3
,Recommended,538680,34799512,Posted: 7 September,all,Blue Ram,Best modern JRPG on Steam cause Ys 8 is not on Steam yet and Steam will never get PAAAPAAAPAAAAASONA 5
76561198170719755,Recommended,538680,34022707,Posted: 4 August,all,bestsymuri,"I love Trails in the Sky. That games touch my heart so much that I'm crying playing it. Now, I'm crying just because I able to play this on my PC. I thought I needed to be working adult first so I could buy PS 3 and play it. Thanks Falcom and Xseed!"
76561198211910512,Recommended,538680,34045495,Posted: 5 August,all,snow119c,Good as always
76561198293019582,Recommended,538680,34010713,Posted: 4 August,all,Frairie,"Been Anticipating the game ever since they announced it on steam, Played the vita version up till the end but couldn't platinum it since my vita broke, glad to be able to play it again, so here's my thoughts to it.My Personal Opinion :Graphics - 9.5/10 (The graphics are epic in fullscreen and window mode, lowering the resolution shows little difference whether view it in PSV form, PS3 form or the upgraded Steam form.)Gameplay - 9.5/10 (Gameplay is really balanced? Nope, not at all, since most characters has game breaking skills like Rean and Millium either both are still having trouble in nightmare mode so its still fun.)Story - 9/10 (Mostly cliche scenes, but the lore connects to the Sky and Ao series so the moments sometimes makes it worth it, It took me 80 hours on first playthrough to finish).Sound - 9.5/10 (The sounds are good in some part and irritating at some point but if I was ask whether I love it or not its the love it part. The voice part was also one of the reason why I bought the game, hearing Rean's voice and not a silent protagonist like the Vita.)Series CS 1 of 3 - 9/10 (Since this is the first trails game I've played and put a lot of effort to, It became attached to me but the story was so cliche that it didn't hit me except for the characters since their so lovable.)Overall rating - 9.5/10 (I loved playing the game, it immersed me in a five day straight of epic rpg, the first days of field study was boring and dull but every time the second day arrives I had to do a marathon of it, from seeing modern fightings mix with Arts, the VC is also again much appreciated.)Is it worth it? - Yes (Everything is Solid in this game, S-Craft Exhibition, Skills Exhibition, Arts Exhibition, School life simulation, NPC aren't decorations(No they seriously aren't), Almost 3/4 of the game is Voiced, Side quests, Multiple Endings based on character relationships and best of all it connects to Trails of Cold Steel 2, Your save data might get connected to Cold Steel 2 when its release so I really recommend it to those who will purchase cold steel 2.)Last note : I purchased the game due to my love of the game and my love for XSEED games, I support Falcom and XSeed, I just hope they released Cold Steel 2 in steam since my country can't get the physical version and I have no Credit Card to get it online."
,Recommended,538680,34018814,Posted: 4 August,all,Noire Is Waifu,better than shadowverse
,Recommended,538680,34005686,Posted: 3 August,all,RamenWrestler,Not bad.
,Recommended,538680,34022603,Posted: 4 August,all,shiraishi,"The Erebonian counterpart of the Trails series. Much better graphics and certainly packed up with a whole lot of twist and turns that is the brainchild of Toshihiro Kondo.While Trails of Cold Steel got the upper hand in the visual department, it lacks in comparison against its Liberlian counterpart in terms of gameplay, cuz this one is much much much much much easier than Trails in The Sky. Personally, i liked Sky more, but this is also another story roller coaster..Pros:- 60Fps, i played both CS1 and CS2 on vita which is locked at 30.- Graphics. As it is aimed towards vita and ps3, it certainly won't lack in the visual department.- Memorable characters. Trust me, as you play the game, you'll love the characters as much as i did.- Heck as of a story, even though i liked sora no kiseki better, Sen's story is also excellent.- Laura and Towa brighten up my day < 3Cons- English dub. There's fanmade Jp dub on the internet though, i found some, haven't tried it yet.- Rean is, at times... Frustrating. I mean it, you'll see.Verdict9.0/10 - As there's no such thing as a perfect game. I may be biased since i love Nihon Falcom all the way to my roots.P.S. Sen no Kiseki 3 is on the way.CROSSBELL ARC, WHEN?????"
76561198138533975,Recommended,538680,34012634,Posted: 4 August,all,ロキ クライ,Nice port.this game have good story and classic game play i hope CS II oncomig soon.
76561198128205325,Recommended,538680,35021248,Posted: 17 September,all,lulu ネット,cant wait on pc version the 2nd and 3rd story!
,Recommended,538680,34004944,Posted: 3 August,all,Kraust,"It's Trails of Cold Steel. Nuff Said.9/10 game in it, has everyone's best buddy Prince Olivert in it. What more could you ask for?p.s. I have a 70 hour save on PS3. A single playthrough. I kinda rushed through it too.You should buy it so I can play Zero no Kiseki in English."
76561198406558971,Recommended,538680,34060531,Posted: 6 August,all,Kunyanuyko,great game
76561198184385459,Recommended,538680,34078704,Posted: 7 August,all,Helxx_Lutja,This game. Oh this game.
76561198098676650,Recommended,538680,34079976,Posted: 7 August,all,471953145,I love this serisely.please bring more english ver to steam
76561198045717641,Recommended,538680,34104855,Posted: 8 August,all,Backflashs,"One of those ""I came to my senses two weeks later."" kind of games."
76561198179586598,Recommended,538680,34120978,Posted: 9 August,all,Steingolem,"I love Persona, I love the Tales Of Series. I love JRPGs. I lvoe this game, simple as that.OK the people who are obsessed with Graphics wont be satisfied, but for me its about the story, immersion in the game and battle system......all of which are awesome.If you like the Persona and Tales of Series, this is probably right up your street."
76561198161237768,Recommended,538680,34217812,Posted: 13 August,all,Tsuna197,I love this game
,Recommended,538680,34225526,Posted: 13 August,all,Dalz☆ (╰_╯),Great universe and storyNeed the crossbell arc to be translated !
76561198073659123,Recommended,538680,33982164,Posted: 2 August,all,DEFCON 1,Finally I can play this on something with more processing power than a smartphone.
,Recommended,538680,34520854,Posted: 26 August,all,trojn,"The dialog and plot can seem pretty simplistic and generic at times, but it has its own charm. Oftentimes there's so much foreshadowing that it seems like the game is spoiling itself, but don't let that fool you. For a linear game it sure does have its twists and turns."
,Recommended,538680,34359759,Posted: 19 August,all,[ICE]♥모모링♥,Best game evaaa... gonna wait for TOCS 2 come out on pc too!! Recommended!!
76561198408698530,Recommended,538680,34705374,Posted: 3 September,all,The_Sm3rf,Pretty awesome hope to see the next installments in the future!
76561198216046620,Recommended,538680,34695072,Posted: 2 September,all,moondust,"The game is very good, though not at the same level as Trails in the Sky Ch.2. Very solid story with twists, elaborated world, funny and charismatic heroes and NPCs. Shortcomings: dialogues are too verbose sometimes, Japanese mass culture cliche in the end. All in all, solid 8/10."
76561198040641259,Recommended,538680,34153218,Posted: 10 August,all,Samiba,"Fairly fun game if you don't mind the very Japanese mindset that""s in there."
76561198367004690,Recommended,538680,34236018,Posted: 14 August,all,Nightmare,it's a good game but not great because some of the dialog seems to be missing the audio but aside from that it's a good game
76561197975841443,Recommended,538680,34136812,Posted: 9 August,all,Fetju,"Just started, but the story is good and the combat mechanics are very nice.  The visuals are a little dated, but thats not a problem.  I have been waiting for a good JRPG to come out on PC and this has so far been a good one."
,Recommended,538680,34829822,Posted: 8 September,all,GameLord,"This is the kind of game I'm looking for. The old series like Tales and Suikoden and all that. Keep making games like this Falcom Company. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED especially for Anime lovers like me,,,Score:Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: 10/10Story: 9/10"
,Recommended,538680,34877750,Posted: 10 September,all,Classy Jesus,"My introduction into the Trails of Series, played both Cold Steels on PS3 and fell in love with the series.10/10"
,Recommended,538680,34279411,Posted: 16 August,all,Lloyd Clive,"A great first part to this arc of the Trails/Kiseki series. It's pacing is about on par with Trails in the Sky FC, so that might be off putting to some people, as well as the massive cliffhanger the game ends with. Luckily, ToCS II is on its way, with ToCS III and (hopefully) the Crossbell games following soon after."
,Recommended,538680,33985621,Posted: 2 August,all,Monterossa,"Awesome traditional JRPG, great PC port. Too bad it doesn't have Japanese voices.Better than Final Fantasy XV."
76561197967035726,Recommended,538680,34073890,Posted: 6 August,all,Tinytim,"I'm about halfway through, and so far it's been a good game. I would recommend people starting with Trails in the Sky, as I still think it's way better than this game, but it's still good enough that if you liked Sky chapter 1 and 2, you'll probably like this. Slightly sad they ditched the 2D and went 3D, but it still works.TL;DR: if you loved trails in the sky FC and SC, you'll probably like this game."
76561198181639422,Recommended,538680,34081887,Posted: 7 August,all,unknown,That story is great. A charming RPG game.But here's an issue.Game crashed when both drew a Bolt in the first draw (not sure whether necessary the first draw).
,Recommended,538680,33989082,Posted: 3 August,all,skerbgs,Shut up and take my money!
76561198144757773,Recommended,538680,33978344,Posted: 2 August,all,bfreeman03,"Compared to Trails in the Sky, Trails of Cold Steel has less reading, faster/funner combat, and more waifus. Nonetheless, it is a Trails game through and through. This particular version of the game includes updated voicework, significant graphical improvements, and blah blah blah. Bottom line, it's a solid JRPG. If you like JRPGs, then give it a try."
,Recommended,538680,34055348,Posted: 6 August,all,dimssora,10/10
76561198080211576,Recommended,538680,34018547,Posted: 4 August,all,levannar,"Another awesome installment in the Trails series, and a splendid port to boot. As someone who uses an ultrawide display, I'm especially happy that Xseed has chosen to support it out of the box. What more is there to say? Great story, amazing worldbuilding, characters who are somewhat weaker than their Trails in the Sky counterparts but still enjoyable - and it runs like a dream.The lack of a japanese dub is a sad thing of course, but the English dub was surprisingly easy to get used to, and if you absolutely cannot handle it, mods already exist that replace it with the original. All in all: 10/9 (one point deducted for the somewhat generic protagonist and some annoying NPCs), go buy it."
,Recommended,538680,34029198,Posted: 4 August,all,Aijou Yuujou,"pshh, nothin personnel"
76561198197447149,Recommended,538680,34001118,Posted: 3 August,all,Mrhospitality26,"So if you cant tell by the amount of hours ive put into this game, IT IS AMAZING!!!! Dont sell yourself short by not trying this game out! Rich story, world-building, and the game play is nothing short of top notch!!!!!!!!! amazing amazing amazing!!!!Did i say that it was amazing?????? Cause it is!!!!"
76561198038994471,Recommended,538680,34513203,Posted: 26 August,all,giftedfox,Git Gud
,Recommended,538680,34983470,Posted: 15 September,all,vivaldi1988,"Very good game, we really need Trails of Cold Steel 2 on PC.Just one thing, I would have prefered less text and more action, also the end is a too open-end !! So we really need the next part !"
76561198050581949,Recommended,538680,34056599,Posted: 6 August,all,Bleuxstrife,Good Game10/10
,Recommended,538680,34035680,Posted: 5 August,all,Eviane,muh♥♥♥♥♥
76561198209958109,Recommended,538680,33991983,Posted: 3 August,all,mohd_rmi,great game & great graphic options (10/10)Hope for next installment to come in steam.
76561198036537305,Recommended,538680,33995859,Posted: 3 August,all,Temper,"Great game, I've logged around 200 hours on PS3 for this game and had a blast playing it. Great story, great soundtrack, great turn based combat.The port seems very good, I'm really happy to be able to play this game with it's improved graphics and quality of life improvements.Definitely buy this game if you like JRPGs."
76561198020575563,Recommended,538680,34299085,Posted: 16 August,all,BBQBaconBurger,I can't decide between Laura or Alisa for best grill...
76561198231485040,Recommended,538680,33982859,Posted: 2 August,all,Ghost K Su,<3<3<3
,Recommended,538680,34543184,Posted: 27 August,all,Mashi Ro,Recommended.
76561198340145575,Recommended,538680,34012000,Posted: 4 August,all,straplash,"If the English dub sounded like Voltron Legendary Defender it would be ok, but sadly it does not. It reminds me of the mind-numbing voice work done on the disney channel cartoons my nephews and nieces watch.Found Undub and installed - game is so much better now.I still hope Japanese audio is officially added sooner than never."
76561197999583550,Recommended,538680,33983019,Posted: 2 August,all,(TEAM IKON) Anime Bullshit,best first episode of a giant robot anime ive ever played
76561198254324703,Not Recommended,538680,35483381,Posted: 4 October,all,NoDiggity,"good game but just too much text , kills the mood and makes it boring very quickly  , i cant run it without crashing on anything besides the console setings .... this is just a port and thats it ..."
,Not Recommended,538680,34421106,Posted: 22 August,all,iluvOP,"Port itself is really great. Big thumbs up to Durante for that!However, the thing that kills this for me is the godawful voice acting. No option to switch to Jap dubs.The female characters are trying too hard to sound young and cute and it comes off as really awkward. I cant see the characters as characters, but constantly get a mental image of some past her prime woman infront of a mic, trying to sound cute or serious without the skills for it. Hiring amateurs is understandable, but if you are going to do that, please at least have an option for the Japanese voices.I could just mute the voices I guess, but I'm not going to suffer through that either. Not at this price.If you can suffer terrible English dubs and or enjoy those dubs in general, its a strong recommendation from me."
,Not Recommended,538680,34374625,Posted: 20 August,all,Kesvalk,"EDIT:Just finished Cold Steel 1 and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is quite probably the worst RPG I've ever played in my life.>Combat mechanics get completely thrown out of the window half-way through and become cookie cutter RPG drivel, with the exception that the game just do not support being a cookie cuter making every single battle completely boring and inane>Story seems like it was written by a 10yo, everyone, from the higher echelons of government to the intelligence bureau to your ♥♥♥♥ING INSTRUCTOR know who the villain is and they do nothing about it and let him roam free, even when he is in his villain mode he acts and talks like a ♥♥♥♥ing drugged adolescent instead of a revolutionary general. And i'm sure when he finally gets wrecked or he will just join the good guys no questions asked or he will die and say something like ""i was testing your power, now you can go save the world!"">Have i mentioned that everyone is completely ♥♥♥♥ing dumb? like really dumb? no one puts 1+1 together,♥♥♥♥♥♥that you know about in the first chapter is, somehow, complete mystery to the characters.>The animations and cutscenes are horrid, all of them, through the entire game, I've seem games made by a single guy have better animation than this thing, i can't believe a full blown company would do such a lazy job at this, it's like they didn't even tried to do a good job, it's disgusting.>The game is a ♥♥♥♥ing theme park, for a series always so lauded by having so much world building you barely see the world, you go to a scene, see what you could call the ""episode of the week"" because it plays out just a like a ♥♥♥♥ing anime episode, and go to the next scene, 13~15 scenes later the game ends, if this game took more than 6 months to be developed i would be shocked as how ♥♥♥♥ing lazy the developers are.>Character development happens as if the characters were leveling up, you don't see a single character developing along the course of the game, just like a anime again, you will have that special episode where suddenly the character will deal with his 2 or 3 problems in life and become a exemplar member of society, and then he will stay like that for the rest of the ♥♥♥♥ing game, the only exceptions being Emma, Alisa and Rean to a extent.The only good part in this game was the soundtrack, not even sound in general, because some of the attacks/abilities sounds like farts when they hit. The soundtrack is amazing though, i give them that.Also, the game doesn't have a ending, it just comes to a close in the middle of all the♥♥♥♥♥♥Next games that come on PC will be pirated, holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥i'm angry of wasting money on that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, was even thinking about playing it again with the japanese voices but no, will uninstall and hide from my library on steam.What a ♥♥♥♥ing dissapointment.Now, the crux of why i can't recommend this game, the battle mechanics, or better yet, the battle gimmicks.At the start of the game you will not notice this, don't know if by design or if they just gave up later in development, but this game has a lot of debuffs, way more than buffs actually, and every monster is weak to some of these and strong against others, that means you can (at the start of the game) make certain compositions of builds to suit your play styles, like a delay heavy character with a petrify and freeze support and so on, you will have a easier time with monsters that are weak against your composition while you will have a thougher time against monsters strong against these debuffs.That's a very good mechanic for a jRPG, BUT, and that's a very big but, the devs drop the ball hard midgame onwards.Monsters and bosses start becoming these specialized gimmick-focused enemies, that are strong against everything but one or two debuffs and dealing almost assuredly debuffs that cripple your party completely, even that wouldn't be a problem, if you could change equips mid battle, but the lack of this mechanic makes it so, unless you use a walkthrough that tells exactly how the enemies have to be beaten, you will get to a battle, die horribly to the mechanic of that boss (monsters you can still run and come back after wasting 10 minutes reorganizing your build) reload your last save, reorganizing the build of your entire party, coming back and curbstomp the boss, because without it's gimmick it's just a normal enemy with a large health pool.THIS IS THE WAY YOU'RE GOING TO FIGHT EVERY SINGLE BOSS IN THE GAME.you get in there, die without barely being able to attack because they all use area attacks that give up to three debuffs, and by debuffs i don't mean speed down, or attack down, no, i mean that they, with one AOE attack will freeze, confuse and sleep 3 or 4 of your characters, even if you spread out your characters and keep even two chars for curing status effects (which sometimes will not be possible because the game decide which characters you will have at any given time, you can't choose yourself) the way magic work, makes it so that is not rare for you to queue up a magic to cure the status effect, just for the boss to act before it and debuffing your other characters, so unless you have the comp specialized for that single boss, with all the immunities to his debuffs, you will lose, not because your characters are underleveled or because you can't strategize, but because you didn't knew that for this boss, you needed a nightmare/confuse immunity build on your characters, even though you never fought the enemy or had prior knowledge on it's habilities.Not only that, but the boss is also immune to almost every debuff in the game, save one or two, so you know that character that is good because his habilities can delay the monster from acting (really helpful seeing as bosses are fast as ♥♥♥♥ in the later parts of the game)? Nope, the bosses are all immune to delay debuff. Know that char that have good faint skills? Nope, immune too. What about freezing? Immune. Burn? Immune. Can i at least mute him to stop him from using those abilities? Nope, he immune to Mute too.And for that reason i just can't recommend this game, it's bosses are way to gimmicky on all the wrong ways and this makes the game a chore and the fact that, unless you have a walkthrough with you, you WILL die that first time you fight the boss because you don't even know it's gimmick, it just makes the game not worth your time.Sad really, because the first half of the game was amazing."
,Not Recommended,538680,34267771,Posted: 15 August,all,Centrophy,"Half a game. It is probably a better idea to wait until Cold Steel II finally gets ported over. Why? What do I mean? Imagine if Final Fantasy 8 ended on the first disc withSquall getting a huge chunk of ice through his chest and the assassination mission having failed. The cliffhanger this game ends with is just as large if not larger.The dub also sounds like a 90's porn dub and the localization is very liberal. I know some prefer the liberal localization but it's not for me. The girls and women are especially bad sounding, coming across like Saturday morning cartoon characters. If you pick it up, do yourself a favor and find the undub.On the plus side, Durante did an excellent job on the porting job itself.With that out of the way, most of the game is SOL and cutesy touring around the country doing odd jobs for the plebs like finding a kid in a box, or finding an old record for a bar, or hunting a monster. The rest is doing odd jobs for the plebs at the not-Japanese highschool or exploring the old school house. You can always tell that tension and plot is boiling beneath the surface but the majority of the time it's on the back burner or ends with some plot stuff happening at the end of each chapter in which the kids somehow bungle themselves into. They're more reactive than proactive. Even in the final chapter, the motivation of the kids to do things is tosave the school festival. The game is also always teasing things and not delivering. See that bike? Next game. See that airship? Next game. See those yellow exits that you can't use on the map? Next game.At the end of the game, it's just one long 70 hour prologue. Now come on, fanboys. Hit this review with all your vitriol and tell me how I'm wrong. I'll still be picking up CSII just so I can finally see this damn ending in 6 months to a year."
76561198035995511,Not Recommended,538680,34245721,Posted: 14 August,all,BadNeighbor,"This game's writing was bizzare. Several times over the course of the story, an interesting plot point would come up that would make me say, ""That's cool, I want to learn more about that."" And then the game would ignore it completly. For example, a character reveals that something inside of him is granting him power. The rest of the characters have zero interest in what that is. Another time a character states that she belongs to a group that is opposed to the Church AND no one asks her about that, despite everyone of your party being a member of the Church that she opposes."
76561198047493639,Not Recommended,538680,34265072,Posted: 15 August,all,Vlakri,"Trails in the Sky trilogy despite  of its flaws and specifics( slow storytelling etc.)   really  touched my soul (a real gem for me), Trails of Cold Steel is ""only"" very good game .For newcomers  to trail games I would recommend Trails in the Sky  trilogy to start with and when hooked go for this game.If You are already hooked You will buy it anyway like me ;). Still worth the price . I used ""not recommend""  option becouse this game  shouldnt have similar rating as trail in the sky and ""mixed feeling option"" that describes what I think about this game is not available************EditSo i finished the game. Althought some things started to shine from half of chapter of 3, like plot started to thicken and new engine  started to show its beauty another things pop up like strange plot blocks  (""my classmate can have crucial information what is going on that can even save our lives but what the hell I will not ask, There is some ill omen above our country but i will focus on festival and  dont interfere ... ) or another genre ingredience to already overrich ""Eintopf"" - too much spices that i can not  enjoy the main flavor of narration.So my opinion to this game remained the same , maybe a little more unfavorable. I sense lot of dedication from authors, like in trail in the skyes but at least for  me with wrong choices and directions. After 1st part of Trails in the Sky i shed tears of fury, : i want more  dont let me wait. Here I am ok with waiting, no need of hurry....PS: Why Jusis, why, arent You the main protagonist!Person I like and will miss are Sara with , Jusis and Angelica.Person I dont like Rean, so bossy so unnatural so hearthless.--------------------------------------------------------------In comparison to trails in the Sky:+ new engine- simplified quartz system (no bonus abilities when you haveacumulated in orbment certain amount of orbs from specific class- feeling that they added some features that are very popular these days to have bigger number of possible buyers but that  doesnt fit in the game and and especially trails genre very well- attending school, with ""tartarus -PES3"" labyrinth. open for everyone but teachers let explore it exclusively  first grade class without hesitation....and to this point (chapter 3 without any connection to main arc)-card game( every game should have card game, sigh), simple, luck based unnecessary- different storytelling : In trail in the sky You had 2 basic protagonists with them u got  hooked and then slowly there were added more interesting characters. Here you have only one main character and from start 8 classmates. I personally dont like so big numbers from the  start but it would be ok if only main character wasnt the most boring from all 9. He is so calm so clever without flaws . He is mostly observer . Estelle  from trails in the sky on the other  hand would kicked some♥♥♥♥♥or threatened to use her stick, or be warned not  bend with skirt so short...simply put she was so lively and real  and i loved her. He is so cold, unnaturalI am now in the middle of chapter 3 i hope that at the end i will change my mind but being  in the middle of game and still not hooked, this takes too long even for Trail game."
,Not Recommended,538680,34139981,Posted: 9 August,all,🎖Ace🎖,"This game is a rpg but this game doesn't have freedom. For example : fixed party on field study, cant go back to any previous field study location. The school theme in this game is kinda boring as well, it will just go to the same routine like:-free day -> do some errand quest and finish the day by exploring old school house-exam -> just fight one boss and done-field study -> its fun, but fixed party kill the funThere are many things that you cant do on first playthrough, for example:-limited bonding event point, so you cant watch all bonding event (need new game+)-limited material to make the best weapon, there are only 3, so you only can make 3 best weapon on first playthrough while there are 9 playable characters-You cant get all achievements in first playthrough-And maybe there are more things that i dont know yetI dont like to replay the game in new game plus just to get those thingsIm trying to like this game, but i cant. I will see if things got better in trails of cold steel 2"
76561198098243009,Not Recommended,538680,34279861,Posted: 16 August,all,Firehawk,"Troll downvoters will be ignored since they are doing so for just for me not saying what they want to see.EDIT: Keep the hate coming, fanboys, your trollvotes only prove me right.EDIT2: To celebrate the 40+ downvotes a video shall be introduced for those who left them here. Rejoice, mindless fanboys.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYmZlwu2EcMIt's like a mixture of Fairy Fencer F and Valkyria Chronicles.Sadly, it also has below average translation quality, EXTREMELY repetitive battle quotes, subpar graphics where the concept art is noticably better over the ingame characters, too small maps where there's barely anything to explore, or too huge where it's a pain to go even once, only English audio and a plethora of other issues that make this game a lot less pleasant of what most of the posts on the store page make this game out to be. It's also incredibly pretentious with how they characters are acting as though they are declaring something no one has ever said before, or how they have to go on annoying talks every time they go somewhere. To top it all off, it's so laden with bugs and glitches, it can be downright impossible to even finish it, so if you want quality gaming try one of the Tales or Atelier games or wait for a big sale. Not recommended at full price. Or at all, for that matter.Oh, and you can't enter the girls' locker room. And WTF is a communion room? A room for communists? Did the reds invade Japan or something? Or how can you even burglarize something? Turn it into a burglar hideout?"
76561198283888456,Not Recommended,538680,34541310,Posted: 27 August,all,Vengelion hellcase.com,"The game sucks. Who wrote this? This is so generic and cliche and has so many holes I could order it on a sandwich in subway. The graphics look like they are from the ps2. I understand this a port, but this should have NEVER been ported. The gameplay is some of the most gimmicky pile of sh*t I have ever played. The characters are all anime sterotypes and so are their actions. There are so many wrong things with this game. You know who this is made for? If someone killed your mother strap them in a chair and make them play this piece of sh*t game. Nobody should play this game. Maybe, MAYBE this game works on the PS VITA, but damn does it not work here. The writing was so bad I actually made of list of anime cliches as a JOKE and I ended crossing each one in the 47 minutes of gametime. Then they have the BALLS to charge 40 bucks for this game? Not to mention DLC? ♥♥♥♥ this game, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,538680,34018152,Posted: 4 August,all,Gao-chan,English voice acting only
,Not Recommended,538680,34047397,Posted: 5 August,all,Tallcat,"Purchased this to support my boy Durante. Didn't realize there was no Japanese audio. I will gladly purchase this game again after I can play it properly. Until then I have to use a refund.The configuration menu is 9/10. The only thing it's missing is, obviously, a language option for the audio."
76561198276230355,Not Recommended,538680,33975769,Posted: 2 August,all,cmalfieri123,Game won't even launch. The screen flashes and returns me to Steam page.  Tried playing with the config settings but nothing works.  Time for refund.
76561197995247029,Not Recommended,538680,33984438,Posted: 2 August,all,The Stoner,Meh.
,Not Recommended,538680,33975197,Posted: 2 August,all,oubeichen,nice pc version
76561198231689552,Recommended,538680,34535612,Posted: 27 August,all,ghost_dog97,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing, even better than my Vita experience. Beat it 4 times in a row (with my final playthrough being on nightmare). I cannot wait for CS2's pc port"
76561198162307381,Recommended,538680,34538381,Posted: 27 August,all,conrad755,I need ToCS 2 in my life right now!
76561197998137505,Recommended,538680,34538749,Posted: 27 August,all,Lazynoob,If you've missed the Jrpgs goodness of the ps2 era look no further get this game. Having completed my first playthrough I'm at around 88 hours so The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel definitely has enough content. If you have heard good things about Trails series but haven't tried it yet pick this one up you won't be disappointed.
76561197997621850,Recommended,538680,34559669,Posted: 28 August,all,Ferzea,GG 9/10
,Recommended,538680,34565112,Posted: 28 August,all,Kemial,great waifu similator pls localize zero/ao based xseed daddy
76561198072430071,Recommended,538680,34579850,Posted: 29 August,all,Lust~.F22,Great game and old school ps2 graphic. but still nice to play and may need to improve the plot in the game. other than that the game is great!
76561197983838543,Recommended,538680,33982793,Posted: 2 August,all,HxC_poelabwa_HxC(Qc),"One of the best RPG series that i have started. I've beaten 1-2 on PS3 and i am back for more on PC. TONS of options to choose from graphic-wise(and yes, you can play in 4K). If you are an JRPG fan, buy this without hesitation."
76561198041786243,Recommended,538680,34006622,Posted: 3 August,all,GODKA,"I'm a big fan of Trails in the sky series, and Falcom always make games that are enjoyable. Trails of Cold Steel is nonetheless extent of Falcom's successful story-rich series; in terms of world-building, there really is nothing like this series. World goes around without you; it does progress with you, but every npc has little stories and problems that they're dealing with, and it's up to you to talk to them. NPCs always have something to say about the things that happened in their town, and if you like walking around the town talking to people about some weird stuffs that you don't even have to really know, then you will spend more time reading texts than playing and progressing main storyline.Characters will look as cliched as it can be, but as story progresses, you will start to see more of them, so it adds kind of weird depth to their personality. Combat system is tight; if you don't let your guard down and stun enemies before you engage, game won't be a challenge even on hard mode, but it will still keep you at the edge of your seat, and focused because link system is all about that quick button pushing. Soundtrack is still good, just like all the previous series. All in all, I must say I'm satisfied with my purchase, I simply couldn't resist the urges of playing more trails games because I fell in love with this world that Falcom built."
76561198144445315,Recommended,538680,34029490,Posted: 4 August,all,Pantufla Ninja,"I absolutely recommend this game. Its world building is supperb, the characters are amazing and enough time is given to them to develop their personal traits. The gameplay is also worth mentioning: it's fun and quite active despite being turn based. Besides, there's a lot of customization and strategy involved.Honestly, if you have never played this game and you like RPGs... What are you waiting for?"
76561197984387369,Recommended,538680,34007062,Posted: 3 August,all,Mxerdude,"Buy this game! Support these games on PC so we can see more! This game's soundtrack is top notch and I find myself getting into those nasty encounters just to hear the music play. The $40 dollar price tag is worth it, because these types of games merit multiple playthroughs over the years."
,Recommended,538680,34080216,Posted: 7 August,all,Moxx,This game is absolutely amazing. If you like JRPGS and/or strong world building this game is for you.
76561197970754770,Recommended,538680,34102142,Posted: 8 August,all,Ardbug,"Absolutely lovely game, great mechanics, combat is fun, graphics are crisp if a bit outdated, and the characters are chock full of personality, definitely a winner :)"
76561198342091579,Recommended,538680,34127069,Posted: 9 August,all,474129301,非常好。
,Recommended,538680,34122852,Posted: 9 August,all,Gudako SeNPai,"Will edit this as I go but so far I'm really impressed with the game. I always wanted to play Trails of cold steel back in the vita but I never got the chance to do so until now!!So far from what I've played the world building and characters are already a 10/10 for meThey caught my attention and I want to learn more about everything xDThe gameplay is like every other JRPG that I've played but it has these features that I have yet to fully experience like the Arcus and it's link system. Overall I enjoy it and the animations for those attacks are awesome especially the Super CP one's; feels like Tales Mystic ArtsThe story has yet to really start so will talk about it more later but like I said the world building and characters already hooked me in :DAnother thing that hooked me in to this game was the music. It's awesome like any other falcom games; YS is already really good and damn this continues that streak for FalcomThere's nothing to dislike about the game other than the graphics look a bit outdated like any other Falcom game; In the future, hopefully they get a better in that department. Once they nail that and the characters models, this series and every other Falcom game will be a lot more better overall(I can excuse this one because I have played other Falcom games before so I know)Anyways so far 10/10!From the look of things this is going to be a long journeyand I look forward to continue take part in Class VII story!!!Just absoutely love the fact that it's a mix of almost every JRPG I've played especially Persona/Tales and FF xD"
76561198189977426,Recommended,538680,34149978,Posted: 10 August,all,DokiMadness,"I never write reviews ever. I loved the first couple games even though they are kind of dated but this game is just amazing it does everything thing those did and so much more better! Hopefully they end up releasing all of these games on steam. If you like good storylines, characters and rpgs just buy it."
,Recommended,538680,34222632,Posted: 13 August,all,[Noobby] Floria,Never thought the military academy is Hogwarts all along. 11/10 would enroll and get my sexy personal instructor
76561198018609404,Recommended,538680,34143198,Posted: 10 August,all,Vateh,"Fantastic game with over 50 hours of gameplay, it did get repetetive at times though. Ending was great can't wait until xseed ports the second game"
,Recommended,538680,34201283,Posted: 12 August,all,Bilibili,The characters surprisingly have depth. The translations are some of the best I have ever seen in a Japanese game. Recommended.
76561198018604457,Recommended,538680,34205138,Posted: 12 August,all,Cluzic,"This is the first review I've done on Steam, so bear with me.This is a game I've played previously on the PS3, so don't let my played hours fool you, I have completed this game and its sequel.TL;DR: This is a very good JRPG, and if you are fan of the genre you owe it to yourself to play this.Pros:- A character driven narrative featuring a cast that has a bit of nuance and psychological complexity that you might not expect after the fairly cliche'd introduction to the characters.- A fun combat system. The closest comparison I have to classic JRPG combat systems would be Lunar: The Silver Star, with somewhat tactical turn based combat where a character's positon relative to the enemies is important. This game can seem difficult to newcomers, but it rewards mastery by making you feel very powerful. There's nothing quite like playing the system well enough to deny the boss a single turn on nightmare difficulty.- Also in comparison to Lunar, this game has a large variety of colorful NPCs who have their own stories going on that wll upadate constantly as the game progresses. If you like incidental dialogue and banter, then this is the game for you!- This is a game that takes place in an ongoing continuity. While this is a very good starting point into the larger series, this game is part of the larger ""Trails"" series, which includes the ""Trails in the Sky"" trilogy and the (currently unrealeased in English) Crossbell duology. If you liked the worldbuilding of games like Suikoden, then this is a series you will really want to sink your teeth into. This game is the Suikoden 6 you've always wanted!- An excellent soundtrack.- A very good PC port. It runs at a solid 60 FPS on my rig, with pretty good quality. Considering this has been upscaled from a PS3/Vita game, I'm pretty impressed. I've also heard that this runs fine on a toaster, so that's good too. They've also added a Turbo mode akin to the one in FFXII Zodiac Age, which gives you the opportunity to fast forward through the game's slower moments without interrupting the music or voice acting. There are currently a few issues with running this game at an uncapped framerate, but it looks like the developers are working on that and there is currently a beta out which implements some of those fixes.Cons:-Slow Pace. This game takes it's time to build up to the crazy parts. If you've already played ""Trail in the Sky"" you are already familiar with the sort of way theses games are paced. This game is mostly focused on establishing the setting and characters. If you are good for a slow burn, and are willing to play a game that is structured more like a book, you will be ok with this, but it is worth warning newcomers about.- A handful of bugs. While I have not personally experienced these issues, I have seen that some people are having trouble with crashes on AMD GPUs. I have also seen that there are issues with certain third party video codecs that can cause a crash on startup. It looks like the devs are aware of these issues and are working on fixes, but be aware of them before you buy.Other:-No dual audio. I don't consider this  to be an issue, since the English dub is exceptional. We've really come a long way since the days of FFX. That said, you should be aware that is the state of the game you will be buying. This is because Japanese copyright law has some really weird stipulations when it comes to licensing the audio tracks. An undub patch does exist if you absolutely can't stand English audio.If you've read all of the above, and you're still intrigued, then I think you will enjoy this game, as well as the ""Trails in the Sky"" trilogy that came before this. Go ahead and get this game, play through it, and then you can join in the chant of my people as we say ""Crossbell When?""Crossbell When?"
76561198319980795,Recommended,538680,34203708,Posted: 12 August,all,Mr.BigChill,"It's a long game, give it some time and you will be rewarded."
,Recommended,538680,34202639,Posted: 12 August,all,Rucent,GAT DAMN
76561198025625270,Recommended,538680,34190834,Posted: 12 August,all,xterminal86,"Haven't beaten the game yet, but I think I'm ready to give a review.And it will be, of course, a positive one.Seriously, I liked this game very much. From the Trails in the Sky this one is a major step forward in terms of everything, graphics especially. In this game you're going to the ""other side"" - Erebonia. Everything else is your average Legend of Heroes stuff: lots of text, minigames and relationships between characters.I'm anxiously looking forward to moar PC ports!"
,Recommended,538680,34217257,Posted: 13 August,all,Lugia.GG,I think it will be better if we can hear the original Japanese in the gameEnglish is sound so uncomfortable in this Japanese RPGI hope that Japanese voice package released.and where is the Trails of Cold Steel IIany information?
76561197973744834,Recommended,538680,34228841,Posted: 13 August,all,Dark Wolf 1205,"There is truly something special about ""The Legend of Heroes"" series, and whoever it is you ask about these games, you can't help but notice the way their eyes light up and almost seem to sparkle when they think of it. So what makes this game so special to both the hardcore and the casual gamers. What defining factor does this game have that can have the same effect on someone who has played these for years, to someone who has never heard of this series before and even to someone who only plays for whatever abstract reason modern day gamers assign themselves?Is it the gameplay? Nope! Very simple, easy to learn, easily navigatable menu's etc. Is it the story and characters? The story is familiar, the characters seem at first to be steroetypical and sometimes it almost seems like this is more of a game for pre-teenagers!But dig a little deeper. Play a little longer. Invest yourself in the universe a little harder..and 'Oh My God!' You just cannot let it go.Nothing is at it seems! The plot twists are expertly timed, the battles become tense, explosive showdowns and the characters, good and bad, become so easy to fall in love with!There are not many games that will cause me to actively want to write something about them. Even the really BAD ones! But Trails of Cold Steel is just one of those games that is able to grab you and keep you thinking about it even when you try not to!This game is the first in a trilogy. I truly hope people will show their support for the game so that both the second and the third installment (which comes out in Japan in September) will be brought to Steam in due time. I personally feel this is one of those games you HAVE to experiance in your lifetime."
,Recommended,538680,34242988,Posted: 14 August,all,nickohlmeier,This game is great if you love turnbased JRPGs with exelent graphics.
,Recommended,538680,34245233,Posted: 14 August,all,Orpheus,"WHAT....HOW..........I HAVE SO MANY QUESTIONS!/finishedgame. bestgame. 10/10, giveus the sequel now plz."
,Recommended,538680,34541624,Posted: 27 August,all,Smash Lampjaw,"Long reviews are often full of superfluous information, so I'll keep it short.Trails of Cold Steel is has one of the most developed worlds and realistic, well-realized characters in gaming.Not 'for a JRPG'Not 'recently'Period."
76561198042094286,Recommended,538680,34004224,Posted: 3 August,all,Zoinks,"They fixed the framerate issues, good port of a good game"
76561198105282794,Recommended,538680,34447801,Posted: 23 August,all,Burger-bro,"I really hope they are going to make the other games of this series compatible for PC as well, it's just a great RPG. I really like the story, the combat system and the gameplay. only one thing is that I would prefer it if we could choose what Rean says and how he says it, but that's just a personal thing."
76561198030185811,Recommended,538680,34417506,Posted: 22 August,all,popovizzz,Surpisingly good JRPG
,Recommended,538680,34421650,Posted: 22 August,all,CrohnZero,"Story/Characters/Setting/Etc- Linear Plot, Slow Paced, and a lot of dialogue- Multiple playable characters with some guest characters- Military School Setting and a focus on Political Factions for the majority of the game- Each numbered chapter focuses on a new townGame Features- Turn based combat- A lot of missables (books, recipes, quartz, etc)- Secret quests and events- Bonding Events (Spend time with classmates during the Military School sections)- Day/Afternoon/Evening Cycle (You are usually warned before it changes)Other things to know:- There are direct sequels to the game. Expect to invest in two more games to have the complete story.- The PC version has Turbo Mode, while the other versions of the game do not (at the time of this review)- Originally developed for PS Vita on 2015.I'm somone who actually prefers many of these things (which is why I recommend it), but if you're someone who prefers a fast paced story, minimal dialogue, and/or an open world experience... you may want to reconsider. Or at least keep your expectations low when going into the game."
,Recommended,538680,34421549,Posted: 22 August,all,Gwer,"First time playing a game from Legend of Heroes series, and the first time I've enjoyed turn-based combat.It's been quite a while since I've had to invest so much time just to complete a playthrough, it took me 50 hours and I really enjoyed all of it.If you're on the fence like I was, I still can't recommend it enough. The characters are fantastic, I hated some at the start and ended up liking them in the end. The setting is interesting and complex enough for those who want a good world to dive into. I generally don't take notice to music when playing games, but I did find myself really enjoying all the pieces in this.Here's hoping that more people are willing to take that leap and try out this story rich game, and more positive reviews gets us Cold Steel II sooner rather than later."
76561198014532998,Recommended,538680,34422827,Posted: 22 August,all,Drahir,"Great game,story,characters,battle and everything.Waiting for sequel."
76561198011270411,Recommended,538680,33984721,Posted: 2 August,all,SiFi,"This game has made market improvements since launch, fixing many of the issues (crashes, loss of FPS, etc) people had. True to my word, I have changed this review. Original review remains below for transparency.Dispite the game being solid, there are many, many issues with this port. Most notably are the various crashes that are plaguing people.The developers seem unable to solve this currently, or maybe unwilling. There are work arounds for specific crash scenarios, but not general crashes.Should these issues be ironed out, ill remove this review."
76561197975242427,Recommended,538680,34454574,Posted: 24 August,all,Orez,"This game is an excellent addition to The Legend of Heroes world.Having played The Trails of the Skies trilogy i knew generally what to expect when playing this game however, I was genuinely surprised when I found a plot better and deeper than the Skies trilogy with a few twists that I did not see coming. It also is complicated enough to be enjoyable without alienating the player in the process. And this is only the first of three games! I also love how the events take place within the same world near the same time as the events of the Skies series and how they hint back at events or even have character appearances from that series which helped make me feel like I was part of a larger world.The combat is very similar to the Skies series with a few additions and also being in third person. The game had random spikes in difficulty of the fights especially near the end but it actually made for a very thrilling conclusion where every move needed to be planned carefully.The few negatives i'm going to list are minimized do to the pleasant and much needed “speed up time” ability added to this game where you can skip combat animations and speed walk/run through town all at the press of a button. Now for the negatives:The game can be very “Japanese” at times where in my opinion conversations are stilted or “slowed down” by people over congratulating, apologizing, or being modest which is very typical in games/anime from Japan.The crafting of weapons/orbments is pretty simple and pointless and i never really used it until the last chapter.The music is meh.I guess that's all I really have. I look forward to the next installment in this series!"
76561198043882466,Recommended,538680,34617130,Posted: 30 August,all,Behernath,One of the best JRPG's you're going to find here on Steam.
76561198018647783,Recommended,538680,34567667,Posted: 28 August,all,ChaosMuffins,This game has cheese 10/10
,Recommended,538680,34399596,Posted: 21 August,all,the Wes Lesley,Excellent gameplay and flow. There's one character I don't like because he's a massive pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but as there's a good point to it and it's hammered home well I'll allow it. Definitely worth checking out if you like JRPGs in any capacity.
76561198244637292,Recommended,538680,34328897,Posted: 18 August,all,NightWing,for those that are into jrpg...i think this game suits you........i give  9/10 for all
76561198000425597,Recommended,538680,34375371,Posted: 20 August,all,S_Comer10,Give me the other two! Or else!
76561197975497291,Recommended,538680,34386551,Posted: 20 August,all,Constipated Wombat,I don't really do reviews. However this is one of the best single player games i have ever played.
76561198008885464,Recommended,538680,34387196,Posted: 20 August,all,Coffee N Camels,"This game is awesome! I like the characters, I really like the combat. There's lot of character combos, link combos, S-crafts, all kinda really cool things. This has been the JRPG I have been waiting for. I have tried and tried and tried them and ever since around FFXII I just havn't found any I liked. TIll now!"
76561198162502776,Recommended,538680,34407309,Posted: 21 August,all,Elizabeth Marz,第一次写当然是给我最喜欢的游戏啦，英雄传说系列从小玩到大可以说是情怀了，但是还是喜欢以前的q版，闪轨这个风格明显还不成熟，还有就是英语的看着很难受
76561198070614838,Recommended,538680,34744396,Posted: 4 September,all,jlawleraz,"I enjoyed this game a lot.  It is one of my top ten favorite games of all time.  I'm a big fan of the Trails series and this ranks second among the Trails games for me, just behind Trails in the Sky SC.  I highly recommend it.The highlights of this game for me were the story with all its twists & turns and the character growth throughout the game.  The writing is top notch.  Like a good mystery, all the clues are there, but I was still surprised by the story several times.  And every time, it was great to see how the story changed while also thinking about the clues I didn't recognize when I first saw them.At the beginning of the story, I didn't like most of the characters.  I thought that would make it a rough game to get through.  But most of them show a lot of growth throughout the game and I ended up liking almost all of them by the ending credits.  I can't wait to see them continue their growth in the next game.I thought the English voice acting was generally very good and helped communicate the characters' personalities and their growth.  The actresses voicing Sara and Millium were fantastic throughout the game, with great delivery.  The actress voicing Fie showed a lot of subtlety in her delivery, showing Fie's growth in the game.There is a surprising amount of really funny humor in the game.  Like a lot of other things in these games, it is a really slow burn.  Sometimes the payoff to the joke comes entire chapters after the joke is set up.  But I laughed harder at this game than almost any other game I've played.The graphics are much improved from Trails in the Sky, but don't compare to higher end modern games.  They are still very well done and functional, though.  I never had any problems with them.The music was well done and memorable, but didn't come close to the music in Trails in the Sky for me.The controls are very easy and fluid.  I played the entire game with a laptop keyboard and trackpad and never had any difficulties.I encountered an occasional crash on earlier versions, but none in any of the more recent versions.I play games to relax and I found this gaming experience to be very relaxing.  I can't comment on the challenge of the game other than to say there are several difficulty levels and lots of gameplay choices you can make if you want more or less challenge."
76561198088696721,Recommended,538680,34750966,Posted: 4 September,all,tomas.syrjala,"A great jrpg and most likely one of the best in offer at steam. Would rate it 9.5, rivaling Zelda for GOTY. (i know this isnt a new game, but first time for me) With a bit of more freedom and more activity this would be a 10.Awesome buildup for the second and third game... Hopefully this has sold enough for the sequals to come to steam, so i dont need to get them for ps3 and ps4"
,Recommended,538680,34759949,Posted: 5 September,all,theshadow99,"This is a great story driven JRPG along the lines of Final Fantasy or the Tales series of games. And the story here is great. The characters really grow as the game develops.It's an older title and ported from the Vita, so graphically it's not cutting edge. That said the visuals are still solid and enjoyable.Sound is also great. The only issue I has with sound was one scene of a musical that sadly wasnt' done like the opening is and it so should have been. The same goes for the voice acting, which covers about 33% of dialog. The voice actors are a great crew, including Matt Mercer (Prince Olivert and George Nome), Ashly Burch (who sounds so much like Tiny Tina from Borderlands 2 and it's adorable), and Kira Buckland (Elise here and 2B in Nier Automata). The rest of the voice acting crew wasn't as easy to place, but those two are very easy to remember.The only bad thing in this game is the ending... Which is a huge cliddhanger and NEEDS the sequal to come out... Which I would buy instantly because I want to know what happens!"
,Recommended,538680,34663404,Posted: 1 September,all,Hugoos,"Note for newcomers to seriesFirst of all, if you are just checking out this game and have never heard ofThe Legend of Heroesseries, note that this is the 6th game inThe Legend of Heroessaga (first in this arc)set on the continent Zemuria. The series currently consists of 3 arcs, each arc set in its own country. This is the latest (3rd) arc which is set in the country Erebonia,the previous (2nd) arc which is set in Crossbell runs simultaneously to this one, and as of the time of writing has not been officially localized (yet?).If this is the first time seeing this series I would strongly recommend to consider playingthe first arc (Liberl) first, as events in this game are directly based on stuff that has happened in the past.The first game can be found on steamclick hereEven if you haven't played the first arc you can still enjoy and understand most of the story, but the interconnectedness of this series is one of its strongest points.StoryThe game follows the students of the special class VII at the Thors Academy in Erebonia through the eyes of our protagonist Rean Schwarzer.Class VII has a special curriculum that allows them to go on field trips throughout Erebonia. The game has a very Persona vibe.Since this is the first game in the arc expect a lot of world building in this one, the story moves very slowly but it allows for you to learn about this country, its problems and its people.For me one of the best things is the large amount of npc dialogue available in the game, after almost ever game event npc dialogue changes and if you have the time to listen the npc dialogue can even foreshadow some plot twists.The strong point of this game and this series in general is the world building, npc's have their little side stories that you can follow throughout the game, if you only take the time to talk to them.There is the butler that is searching for a missing woman, learning more about teachers and students through talking with their family members and most minor characters on the campus have their own little arcs that you can choose to enjoy.If you've played the earlier games you might just meet a few npcs who have come to this country all the way from Liberl.While the story is quite slow it ends on a high point and there might be a few twists and turns you won't see coming.GameplayVery similar to earlier Legend of Heroes games, you have your familiar arts and crafts. Orbments have been simplified a bit, you no longer have to accumulate your sepiths to get arts.They are now inherit to the orbments themselves. New also are the ARCUS units Class VII uses, it allows them to us a ``master quartz'' which gives special bonusses and spells.Also new is the inclusion of ``combat links'' class members can assist each other when you hit the enemy weak points.You can socialize with your class members to raise their link level on the free days (think Danganronpa's free time).You'll be doing quests around the campus and on the field trip locations each month, many which are optional and some are hidden as well. Optional quests are pretty easy this time around but never did I feel that I didn't want to do any of them.I played through the game on normal and never did I have a problem with the combat, it might've been a bit too easy as most monsters (and some bosses) can be killed with craft spam. I barely used arts, only for healing and speed boosts.Playtime was 114 hours.Side ActivitiesThere is cooking and fishing to enjoy, both are pretty easy to 100% but you might still want to use a walkthrough to make sure you don't miss anything, like the chapters of the new book Red Moon Rose.MusicThe music is very good, like all Falcom games. Checkthistrack that plays during the opening and later in the game.PortThe pc port is very well done, I've had 60 fps throughout and the including of the turbo button is one of the best modern addition to jrpgs, as it allows to cut down on time spent walking around and combat. I did have two crashes (in 114 hours) towards the final chapter, but none were very major (thanks turbo button).tl;dr Very good game, very good port, very good story, please play Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky before this at least"
76561198087296053,Recommended,538680,34454360,Posted: 24 August,all,Du ranger,Left me wanting more. Love how you can weaken enemies instead of restarting game to grind.
76561198009286854,Recommended,538680,34675897,Posted: 1 September,all,UltraHeen,"Amazing Game, Great Story, Solid Combat, The Soundtrack is as good as the FF's"
76561197971550845,Recommended,538680,34671008,Posted: 1 September,all,Azhag2,"Loved it. Works great with gamepad, no graphical problems I came across. Fun story, good combat system. Only downside is cliffhanger for part 2!"
76561198155445018,Recommended,538680,34778557,Posted: 6 September,all,blue moon,Bring on Part 2!
76561198061017511,Recommended,538680,34792496,Posted: 7 September,all,Chaos,Trails of Cold Steel is a great PC-Port for a great rpg.Having played this game previously on PSVita I'm amazed on how much stuff they added for the PC Port.+50% voiced lines+more graphics options+controller options+speed increaseThis JRPG is for everyone who enjoys a great story with unforgettable characters.
,Recommended,538680,34792684,Posted: 7 September,all,sleepy frost,"Enjoyed the game a great deal.+storyline was enaging and character development was good+difficulty levels were pretty much spot on for what you would expect+ending leaves you ready for the second game- typical of many JRPGs the talking sections can be long and often excessive- storyline was very linear, not a massive issue but it is if you dont like that- difficult to find all quests unless you know where to look, or are prepared to speak with every NPC everytime you run through an area.8.5/10"
76561198076317717,Recommended,538680,34784979,Posted: 6 September,all,nate,"Extremely addictive, fun, and has an incredible story arc. What more can you ask for in a game."
76561198176479001,Recommended,538680,34807282,Posted: 7 September,all,EpicSolemnity,"One of the best JRPG I've played in awhile. All I can say is I can't wait until the second/third sequels to come out.Pros: Story rich, nice artworks and music, graphic is excellent, turbo options available, multiple characters to play/customize, different battle styles and open world exploration styles and so many things to do. Over 40+ hours of gameplay for me. Overall, worth the buy and would probably play it again since it has the neat New Game Plus option."
76561198215207659,Recommended,538680,34848936,Posted: 9 September,all,Austin Danger Powers,"This has so many characteristics of games like Persona 1,2,3,4,5 and I love it. If you want games that dwell into the story and gives you long dialouge so you can sit back and enjoy, then this game is for you. You get tons of information for each character through dialogue and you could not ask for me. Combat is refined just like the other Trails, but much better. I would play this game over and over again and this will be a top 10 games of my life.If your looking to get lost in a world, this is the one. I hope Trails makes a game where we the player are the main character in the future so I can totally immerse myself in the world, but I digress, this game still makes me care for each character. 10/10."
,Recommended,538680,34836709,Posted: 9 September,all,SnakePedroski,"Trails of Cold Steel starts off confusing, you get thrown into the 'prologue' which is pretty much the main part of chapter 5.By doing this, it shows how powerful your characters will become, and yes. They do become this powerful. However i'll explain that later.Throwing in at the deep end with no knowledge or the characters is confusing as you are constantly foreshadowing what will happen 1/2 a year down the line (in game). As it leaves you at a pretty big cliffhanger.When you start attending Thor's Military Academy, you come off the train and head into the city, where you'll meet quite a few main characters, bumping into a fine lady whom you will be spending a lot of time with.Once this occurs you'll have about an hour at most of dialogue to get through. Which, does seem heavy. However the trails universe does a very good job at introducing those characters and developing them as time moves forwards.I went into the game with no real expectations. I was looking for a good JRPG game, which I could throw my hours in over the remainder of the summer holidays.. I was and am impressed. The game lasted a hell of a long time, while. Yes, it only took  me a week. I had a lot of hours invested into this game. The main thing which I enjoy is the character development and the world building which was amazing inside of this game.There are a lot of main characters, so much so that you'll start to lose track of what and who they are. However, you have the handy feature of the classbook or whatever you call. WHich you have to painstakingly hand out to everyone in your class quite early on in the game. This records all the important information which you will find out about characters. This could be through the bonding events, or just general interaction.The flesh out the world more and more as you immerse yourself deeper and deeper into the game. With places which are mentioned early on, being places which you visit on Field Studies. You also get to learn about family members of the big 11. Along with their homes and way of life.You will start off hating characters. While the hate never really faded for me with Machinas. However out of the eleven characters he is the only one that I didn't like. Mainly because he's a whiney little ♥♥♥♥♥.However he does have his moments. Near the end.The pacing of the game at times does get a little dull and repetitive. As you fall into the rhythm of being the student council's little fairy, doing their tasks. Beating a floor of the old school house, having a practical examination (getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by Sara for the most part) then off you pop onto the train to the next city where you will spend two or three days solving a relationship dilemma within your group. Since you are the almighty Rean; the loveable hellspawn decides that it's your responsibility to deal with this as she cannot be arsed.I digress, the structure is not very flexible as you do get into this rhythm and it's hard to get out of it.However, Cold Steel makes up for this by having an absolute killer soundtrack. I am honestly impressed with how amazing the music was for this game. I would have the volume on full blast for the majority of this game so I could appreciate the music; as it fits the mood perfectly. However I would've liked for there to be more of a diverse set of music for each area of the game. Yes, the music is amazing. However it plays for half the chapter and doesn't change often. However, thank god it changed each chapter.The Combat system is very impressive. With Attacks, Magic (Arts), Crafts (Character driven abilities), the standard items and run. I threw away Magic for the most part of the game as waiting for it to activate wasn't effective and just used mainly Attacks and Crafts. Which hit harder and faster. However once I got the Adamantium Shield Art, I started using magic again as it is insanely powerful.The Combat system is refreshing, while it's nothing amazing, it is at least enjoyable.The last few chapters, I was expecting the game to end anytime then. I could see many places where they could've ended it and resumed it in the next expansion of the arc. However to my delight, it continued on for quite some time! Once I went to bed after I got into the last floor of the Old school house and decided I'd clear it tomorrow, as it must of been where the game ended. As I had a little time free in the morning... I finished the dungeon after a good number of hours... then the boss battle... then the final chapter sprang up which meant that it still wasn't down for the count.The game ends with a cliffhanger. To my great displeasure. As I have read many reviews that even told me that there would be a cliffhanger ending. I was not happy in the slightest. I did not want this game to end. I was in the developer's pockets until the very end. While, it isn't satisfying at the least. As you get CRAZY over powered towards the end and everything starts to kick off. You find out C's identify. Which while there were many signs in the game all along, is still a shock. The capital is occupied and they're coming for Thor's. Class VII with their fearless (and clueless) leader Rean, heading out to fend off the attack until the Military can send relief.You fight off two enemies (Not spoiling it) and then fight C for the last time in Trails of Cold Steel I. After that, you leave. Not out of your own choice either. Flying off to the furthest place from Thor's as possible. Heading home. The game ends there. With the fleeting text from the developers to port the next game to PC. Which was enough to satisfy me.In conclusion, this game is phenomenal. The characters are thoroughly amazing, they are fleshed out and you really get to know them. The game took me about 40 hours to complete. However, this was with the amazing feature of Turbo mode, allowing you to speed up the game to allow you to get back into the combat as quickly as possible. I had it turned on for the grand majority of the game. As it allows you to waste less time doing the side quests and running about from destination to destination. I am also ashamed to say that I found a way to go undetected by monsters that roam in the wild. Allowing me to breeze through the last dungeon.I would heavily recommend this game to anyone who is an avid reader of fantasy novels, as it achieves the same thing that reading can do in a short time.Those who love JRPGs will be in for a treat as this is the best which I have played in a long time, beating Final Fantasy X by a long run."
76561198352849814,Recommended,538680,34838617,Posted: 9 September,all,diwang000,"Highly characterzed individuals and considerable amount of dialogues written to support the development of the characters really set the game apart from most RPG in the market today. There is significant enrichment on many level of the battle system, compared to its legendary predecessor Trails in the Sky."
,Recommended,538680,34853980,Posted: 9 September,all,uncle assads barrel bombs,its good
,Recommended,538680,34851761,Posted: 9 September,all,sstyodwi,The Legend of Heroes never fails to amaze me since Trails in The Sky.Best JRPG on Steam.
76561198076047901,Recommended,538680,34850330,Posted: 9 September,all,Psych Out,"I usually don't do reviews. But this time, I'll make an exception. The sheer amount of depth alone is enough for a 5-STAR rating and the ability to make choices that effect your story experience is always fun. Add to that the prevelant history the Trails series carries along to each sequal, the astounding length, and those laugh-out-loud quirks you know are there but never expect, The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel is a must play for long-time fans and new-players who are looking for an amazing story to immerse themselves in. This first in the trilogy on its own is incredible, but hopefully the possible addition of the second and third installmants will make this a game you will never forget. FIVE STARS *****"
,Recommended,538680,34850703,Posted: 9 September,all,CapninsaneoZP91,"the story is fantastic, charactars are likable, i am sunned need #2 now!! best JRPG i ve played in awaile"
76561198018456046,Recommended,538680,34873874,Posted: 10 September,all,dantheman_5393,Amazing story with great focus on character interaction and development. Combat system is simple and executed so that it remains diverse and engaging.
76561198260493079,Recommended,538680,34874658,Posted: 10 September,all,Nel-Radin,"The game in itself is quite entertaining on three points.1-The balance between battles, exploration, and story events is excellent. It helps me actually to plan my day as to know when to stop haha! But more than that, there is diversity. Its not a game all about action, or all about this or that. Sure I would have enjoyed more puzzles personnaly, but one cannot have everything in one game (a pizza cannot have everything in it, would be way to thick if we tried to represent EVERY trends in one dish). You hardly get bored of something unless you are at the very end of it, which is good also. Sometimes you need to feel like you want to move on in order to really enjoy the transition when it happens.2-Combining different elements. If we were to ask me if I prefer the Trails in the sky or cold steel, I would say they are different enough to be enjoyable in their respective strong points. I do prefer for example the system in which depending on the ammount of quartz one puts on a character the spells change accordingly in the first serie. However, I enjoy alot if not more the combination of upgrading your quartz and of leveling them. It adds some customization to your characters. Its only annoying to having your characters reequip special quartz because they got unequipped simply because they didn't take part in a chapter. But oh well. One could also argue that with every new quartz you get, you tend to change their build anyways so might as well do it. Cooking and grinding is great. You don<t really grind materials as much as you grind the sepith which in turn you convert into mira in order to buy ingredients. All that is nice and relaxing. No pressure to do some HEAVY grinding, but still enough diversity in the ingredients to buy stuff. The different results is a plus compared to the first trails in the sky (have yet to play chapters 2-3).3-The approach to the story line is refreshing. Yeah, its linear, but having the socializing phase between the field studies is a great way to delve into the immediate lore. What I mean by immediate lore is not background information like what you get from reading novels or checking the library, which is good also especially if you like the sense of continuity with the previous serie. By immediate I am referring to things which are not important for the scenario, nor for the link between games, but has valuable information on your surroundings, your characters. I think the lack of romance till the end of the game leaves an open door for the second chapter which I hope will come soon on steam. According to some reviews I watched, on the second chapter it is less linear and choices do matter. Its great to keep things up your sleeves so no complaints from me (I am not that interested in hunting romance in a game actually, but this is my first review so I try to describe everything and I know for some its a plus).Those were, in my opinion, the strongest points.Now, three good points.1-Story. The scenario is really interesting and though its slow at first, it gets quickly out of hand and I like the idea you know not much till later on when other questions replace those you finally got an answer. Sadly, stereotypes tend to dilute a little bit the originality. The noble faction is an interesting enemy but their soldiers are just plain stupid. Sometimes I feel like its the overemphasis on the eyes and the evil laugh you often find in mangas or animes (as if a bad guy will laugh ominously all the time). Some time a cliche is great, and truth be told this games can exploit that alot in the good way, but that all the provincial soldiers are self-centered as they are snf do full of themselves, erm.... its like they all have one personnality. But beside that point, I found myself intrigued more and more as the chapters went by. The dilemmas are well balanced, not too much on the idealistic side of things. I like the fact they did such a great job in giving unique personnalities to important characters or side characters and not being afraid of using them as spices in their story dish. Its worth mentionning that many subtle details will slip before you on the first play, and certainly when I will replay it right after finishing it I will enjoy the details of the plot even more.2-The quest system is good. but to my opinion I do prefer the relation of Estelle to her quests than of Rean to his. He does not react so much, okay its his personnality, but he tends to be self sufficient a little. Estelle needed the help of Joshua to either calm her down or fill in where she needed help. Here, Rean is always on the right AND the righteous path. However, that we have different types of quest is a boon. First, you have those of Thors, given to you by the studen council. Second, you have those given to you in your field studies. And finally there are those hidden quests. They are all different.3-The fishing club. Too bad you cannot choose your club, but at least we have a mini-game which provides rewards and patience. In my opinion it could have been more developped but at least it follows you from the academy to your field studies, giving you a well deserved break from running all over the place (AND GIVING YOU FREE CP YAY!!). Gives you also the urge to fill your fish encyclopedia ;)There are things which I personnaly dislike.1-The equipment shop seems rather linear. Not much diversity, not customization of weapons. I thought at first that the U-Materia and the option of customizing would ACTUALLY give you the pleasure of either upgrading your weapons or enchancing them, but its quite limited. You CAN upgrade them, but often you can simply buy the newer version in a store and both ways are equal in benefits. No rewards in customizing.2-Lack of character developpement with Rean. From the start to the end, he is always the same. When he seems to think alot and go on a re-examination of himself and of the world, most of the time its by reminding himself of events or ineractions he already had before. Truth be told, he does more often refere to events and interactions during the game, but they seldom have a lasting impact on him. How about a character that learns to discern? He already knows how to from the start, and already good enough that he does not really require more learning in that departement. He spends most of his time helping others developpe, but others don't tend to contribute to his slow growth.So, should I recommend this game? Depends. If you like solid character growth you may be disappointed and I would rather recommend the first serie. However, this one gives alot in compensation to the other characters (Fie and Macchias being two good examples). Quick dip in the action of the story, nah, it starts pretty slow at first, but honestly I oftend get tired of games who throw you right away in the plot cause you get tired of it. Giving some timo to just get used to the culture IN the game is in my opinion a characteristic of a good plot. Graphics may not be the best, but I don<t care, they are good enough so you don<t bother and actually, I prefer a game with better scenarios and great playability over super fancy visuals.In my opinion, these games (cold steel and heroes trails in the sky chapter 1) made me discover a great RPG company which is Falcom. They are quite devoted to give a detailed world in which we play,"
76561197996163709,Recommended,538680,34866226,Posted: 10 September,all,[OCR] OceansAndrew,"This really great game overall, tons of quality of life features that make this even better than the previous versions - the turbo mode is fantastic, and the draw distance improvements make everything feel even bigger. I'd love to see the soundtrack as DLC if it's possible!I'm only about 15 hours in and am already hoping the sequel comes out soon, fantastic work!"
,Recommended,538680,34870876,Posted: 10 September,all,Devastate,"Great game, sunk quite a bit of time in this the combat isn't anything too complicated, but the combination of S-break, rush,assist, and art attacks bring about some interesting situations to take advantage of that make it more complicated as the game progresses. Story wise it ended a bit on a cliffhanger,but not worried as the 2nd game will come eventually/hopefully and continue the story :)"
,Recommended,538680,34878503,Posted: 11 September,all,lolibutt,"I was afraid I wouldn't love it as much as Trails in the Sky, boy was I wrong. Puts Erebonia in perspective and does what Falcom does best, create a world you're emersed in and connected to. Everytime a plot twist happens or something bad happens to our heroes and their world, I feel like I'm experiencing it firsthand. You develop so much empathy and love for all the characters, major and minor.This game doesn't need to be play in conjunction in trails in the sky or what not, it is it's own story. But if you're a first timer dipping your toes into this vast world, you're going to be hooked and play Falcom's other games anyway!10/10"
,Recommended,538680,34854741,Posted: 9 September,all,made in the abyss of suffering,Trails of Cold Steel is a mecha anime?
76561197989535096,Recommended,538680,34526090,Posted: 27 August,all,sgtwhiskeyjack,"Got to talk to everyone simulator 2017. It's brilliant. So funny, great story with lots of characters you really get to know and extremely enjoyable combat and exploration.It's a constant joy to play."
,Recommended,538680,34859410,Posted: 10 September,all,Ryofu Housen,"This is the best JRPG I've ever played in PC :)+ Good Optimized Performance+ Likable characters, even NPCs+ Intriguing and relatable Story, in a world filled with interesting lore.+ Turn Based Combat with positioning system that nailed it.+ Some extra stuff to do beside combat, including character bonding and exam (like persona), simple fishing and cooking.+ Ability customization that just about right, not too complicated but not too simple either.+ Turbo Mode mainly for speed up grind, but grind isn't too necessary (except maybe you're playing higher difficulty)+ Save Anywhere+ Difficulty adjustability+ Pretty good english dub, they even added more lines than the Original Jap VA. (if you don't like english VA, you can easily search for Jap VA mod, don't be turned down just because that!).for this 24 hours when I write this (chapter 3), I couldn't find any negative yet, maybe battle animation is bit stiff for me but it isn't hinder any of my fun playing hour.Edit : Finished 1st playthrough. That plot twist! D: now I can't sleep well until ToCS2 came out!"
,Recommended,538680,35178102,Posted: 24 September,all,turtlelore2,"If you've played the Trails in the Sky series, then you know what to expect.Excelent and polished fighting mechanics with a little extra flare added here and there compared to the TS series. Other than some small changes to orbments, arts, and extra in-battle mechanics, it's pretty much the same as in TS.Music is top notch and matches the scenes pretty well, although I noticed they reused a couple tracks from the TS series (might be a reaccuring theme, I dont really know).There is a configuration panel at the very beginning before you start the game which really helps out with optimization and detailing its ""speed up"" feature.For 90% of the game, the storytelling is on point. The areas you visit, the characters, the world all feel pretty real and connected. The world itself is the same as in TS and seems to take place a couple years after the end of that series, so they make a couple nice cameos to some previous TS characters. The main characters feel pretty complex. None of them are 2D and I eventually end up liking them all despite hating a couple at the beginning. Although a lot of the side characters suffer as a result, but that's fine in my book. My only complaint with the story is how abruptly it turns 180 near the end, as if the writers wanted the big reveal to be the biggest plot twist they could possibly make with as little connection to the rest of the story (at least not in this game).The biggest con I can think of right now is that, being a JRPG, there's a huge number of completely hidden side quests and hidden requirements for certain achievements that are literally impossible to find without a detailed guide (unless you scour all the areas throughly after each event and listen closely to every detail). Some of them are so obscure that they dont register as a quest even when you officially start it, and will only tell you about it after you complete it. Granted, this is nothing new in JRPGs and for anyone who isnt a completionist, it shouldnt really matter in the end.Another thing I hated from the very beginning was the English Dub and the fact that there is no option for Japanese Dub. Luckily you can turn off all voices, which is what I was used to from the TS series so that was quickly resolved.In the end, this is a great JRPG that is excellent in most of its presentation. However, it is a 3 part series, so be prepared for a huge cliffhanger and be prepared to buy the next 2 games whenever they get around to translating them."
76561198091626323,Recommended,538680,35192933,Posted: 24 September,all,turkeyroastbig,"Alisa is best girl, if you disagree I will fight you!"
76561198166268642,Recommended,538680,35257197,Posted: 28 September,all,kuttsy14,Loved it! Hope to see PC version for its 2nd part as well.
,Recommended,538680,35324582,Posted: 29 September,all,synapsii,"Somewhat dated and the game gets a little too easy by the end (too many ways to exploit the stats / effects in the game), but overall great world building and gameplay.  Voice acting (English) is a bit hit-or-miss, music is godlike as expected from Falcom.  Turbo-mode is a godsend.  8/10 recommended"
76561197974775913,Recommended,538680,35281669,Posted: 28 September,all,PopGorilla,"Great game and probably the best console to PC port I've seen.The beginning of the game might be slow and little bit boring for some folks. However, as the story progresses, it becomes more and more interesting with a deep story and fun gameplay. It makes me keep wanting to see more and more how it will reveal.Highly recommended for gamers who are interested in JRPG. An additional plus if you like anime style graphics. My only complain is the game does not have Japanese voice over. I'm looking forward to the upcoming sequels and hope they maintain the quality they have brought us in this game."
76561198214387907,Recommended,538680,35340068,Posted: 30 September,all,Dragonsdale,"It is just a good game, I played it, I had fun and i look forward to the sequel."
76561198258312044,Recommended,538680,35194952,Posted: 24 September,all,panji.utomo86,"I am always a big fans for legend of heroes series. Started from trail in the sky chapter 1-3, continue to trail of cold steel. The pro and cons for this games as following:pro:1. The graphic is beautiful and detail2. Character development, background, stories is unique and well design, as usual of falcom.3. The battle system is fun, similar with trail in the sky.4. The stories, character interaction is excellent. I love it.5. The map systems are fun, and I don't lost track.Cons1. The battle is not balanced. Imagine some character have craft to add EP and CP. That s not balance and too easy.2. The map may shows location of chest. Not really fun anymore.3. I ve been playing until chapter 5, and find the boss is too easy.Overall, this game has very high score, 9 from 10. I love this game"
76561198106671965,Recommended,538680,35200424,Posted: 25 September,all,Zenpaichi,"well how do i begin, played this game was extermely satisfed that i went ahead and bought trails of cold steel 2 for my PS3 lol. Yes i would defenitely recommend this game to all.Now waiting for 3 or if perhaps 2 come out in steam will buy it again for sure^^"
76561198328718642,Recommended,538680,35237118,Posted: 27 September,all,manheyc8527,"i cant even start the game, and i try almost everything, can someone tell me what can i do?"
76561198010450247,Recommended,538680,35466459,Posted: 4 October,all,THOA,"Deserve to be call JRPG ,ProGreat story line which make you want to play it non-stop to look foward our MC growth.Fun battle system and character equipment.A lot of character have a name and their background even a minor one which sometime turn out to be a link with story.ConNo JAP voice actor :XPS. This is a 1st game from FALCOM that I play. It totally YES for me! After played this I'm really looking forward for CS2&CS3 on STEAM and also get YS8 to play too."
,Recommended,538680,35057261,Posted: 18 September,all,Ochaco,Easy Game
,Recommended,538680,35483273,Posted: 4 October,all,AIRIAIRIAIRIAIRIAIRIAIRIAIRI,Now this is the true PC port.Looking forward for the rest of the sequels.
76561198067257860,Recommended,538680,35506914,Posted: 5 October,all,Kupo McMoogle,"If you're a fan of JRPGs, you owe it to yourself to play this game. Excellent gameplay, story, characters, and a fantastic soundtrack make for one of the best JRPGs on Steam. While it is part of the overarcing Legend of Heroes: Trails in/of X series, Steel is able to stand on its own enough that you don't really need to have played the previous games (Trails in the Sky FC/SC/The 3rd, along with the yet-unlocalized Zero/Ao no Kiseki) to enjoy the story/game. The fact that XSEED did an excellent job with the PC port certainly doesn't hurt matters.(You should still play the Sky games as they're also really good)"
