user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,540690,29447467,Posted: 23 January,all,Another Persona,"Pretty damned good already! If you're a SRPG fan I'd already recommend it for the price. We need so many more of these types of games. Combat is fun and intuitive. Story is a nice steampunk spin on history. The art is well done and the music a-ok for this kind of game. This is the rest of my day. =DUpdate:So there's no tutorial, if you're kind of new to this genre you may struggle a little bit.There is collision damage when you shove a unit into a solid object, or vice-versa. Drop dmg can also affect a unit hit or an object.There is also bounce damage, pay close attention to attacks when pathed and wording, whatever it lands on takes a lot of dmg, the heavier the item 'bounced' the more dmg. Pay attention to the camera angles when bouncing/pushing/etc, it can sometimes be deceptive and you can dmg you own units by having something bounce on them.Units attack in the order in which you plan them in; you can heal first and THEN move the other unit.You can branch off to any story line at any point which is kind of cool. Each level has three objectives, with the third being hidden until you complete it. This kind of ticks me off because it forces you to replay the level to get the experience (experience is gained through objectives) and there is no way to skip all the same dialogue and etc. Somewhat tedious, though still fun gameplay.Make sure to talk to everyone multiple times to unlock all paths, some you have to talk to 5+ times.When you level you get one skill point for the WHOLE team, so spend them wisely in early levels.When you overkill a unit (attack a unit that is already dead) you get an atk bonus."
76561198009549233,Recommended,540690,29491323,Posted: 25 January,all,Allend,"At the time I'm writing this review, the overall score of this game is ""mixed"".That being said, I'm glad that I bought it before the reviews came up, since I'd probably have skipped it if I had seen the ""mixed"" rating.People who are leaving negative reviews are judging this game for something it is not; they are basically downvoting because this is not final fantasy tactics or tactics ogre. I am also a fan of those games, but i recognize that not all Strategy RPGS must follow their formula. So, I am going to talk about HELLENICA, judging it by it's own merits.Hellenica sets up to do things differently and does a great job. It's world is very well develop and it's a joy to see how historical and mithological characters and places were reimagined in this fictional universe. It provides a creative background for an adventure and you can clearly see that a lot of love and research was put behind it by the developers.The game does not have a class/job system, but you can see that it would ruin the game if the developers chose to adopt one. That is because in this game, each character is UNIQUE, each one having their own skills. To give an example, a certain famous philosopher has the dialetic skill, which can stun nearby foes by engaging in philosphical discussions with them. This is much more interesting than giving an historical character  the possibility of becoming a generic thief or knight.The battle system also works very well. You have to find ways to make each character's skills compliment each other in order to achieve the objectives and earn experience points. It's a different system that disencourages farming for XP and really makes you think about how you will approach each battle and which skills you will choose. I like it a lot.I think the branching storylines are also very interesting; they keep the story moving along and  allow you to explore the world, assuring that you are always somewhere interesting. If you are thinking ""I wonder how X city would be portrayed in this universe"", you can probably go there in this game. About the characters, I really like them. Nephele and Brasidas made me laugh a number of times.  The character art is also really lovely.I'm not very far into it, but i already think Hellenica is a great game and that the developers have achieved something really special here. I hope to see more from this studio and they will have my full support from here onwards. I am entirely happy with my purchase and i recommend you give this game a try.However, some changes i'd like would be for all objectives to be revealed before each battle and the implementation of controller support, for the complete retro experience. I would also prefer if cities were represented as explorable maps, instead of background images."
76561198158149244,Recommended,540690,29456082,Posted: 23 January,all,tuckboat,"Okay so I am giving this SRPG a thumbs up.....However, if you are looking for a deep stat heavy strategy game you are not going to find it here. This is really more of a casual game and there is little in the way of challenge for a veteran of the genre.It fits the style of many of the great SRPG's of yore and there are some cool concepts wrapped around a unique setting here so I give these guys a hand for being original. The story is so-so and the characters have personalities that are not overly endearing but give you enough to keep you awake through the cutscenes. However, I can't recall any other steampunk greek settings and I found exploring this world to be enjoyable.My biggest gripe here is that there isn't much depth to the combat system. It's not terrible combat system in that there is value in placing your units correctly and making use of attacks and abilities to push and pull other units around the map makes for some decent combos and interesting choices. What this game really lacks are basic staples of SRPGs. There is no equipment, class system, or standard individual unit leveling system and there all things that would have made this game alot better. The abilities that you do have for the most part aren't restricted and can be spammed which leads to some really repetitive gameplay. It seems like the mechanics were not though all the way through. For instance the lead character has a bear form that she begins every battle in and every three turns reverts to human form than back to bear form and so on. It would have been better to have the bear form come into play only after certain conditions where met and or mantained because as it is it just feels like your running autopilot.I guess the long complaint is really a product of how much potential this game has and will go unrealized. Despite it's shortcomings there's alot to like here and having a few easier games added to the SRPG genre can only help to expand it's audience and hopefull usher in more of its kind.5.5/10"
76561198011970622,Not Recommended,540690,29455616,Posted: 23 January,all,Fluke Jukem,"Not a big fan.  Was psyched for a tactics game in ancient greece, but it can't save the game itself.Writing is incredibly generic and for some reason all of the  characters look like anime characters.  Your first party member literally walks up to you in a forest out of nowhere and says ""hi you look cool i'm joining you on an adventure.""  She's got no personality and just gives up / explains her entire life to a random stranger.""Hello, i am Partymember1.exe and this is my background and i am joining you now.""  No subtlety or personality at all.All combat orders are Que'd up and then executed when you finish your turn.  Animations are really awkward and bad.  When an archer fires an arrow, it's literally a flat arrow that archs up and hits you with the shaft rather than the tip because the arrow doesn't bend or change facing after the archer fires it.The actual pixel art of the characters is pretty good, but the interface is annoying and blocks half of the ♥♥♥♥ing screen when issuing commands.  It also looks REALLY bad.Now i'm not a stickler for graphics.  I've played many bad looking games because the core mechanics or lore was good.  However, this game has pretty much nothing going for itThere is no gear, no character status menu, no item management, nothing.  It's all skill points and EXP.  You get EXP by doing specified achievments in each mission, not by grinding or completing missions.  So if you want to finish a mission objective creatively or differently than intended?  Too bad ♥♥♥♥ you 1/2 EXP gained.As far as i know, missing is literally impossible in this game.  Stats don't exist beyond HP and damage of an attack.  ""using the environment"" means baiting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemies up cliffs and knocking them down for massive damage.2/10 not recommended in the slightest."
76561198027913617,Not Recommended,540690,29706469,Posted: 4 February,all,Zijus,"I had big expectations for this game so that's why I am so dissapointed.The key to tactical RPG is the battle system. It is just to simple for me. There no levels, no equipment. Characters have several skills witch you can chose before the battle. It gives a little bit variaty but not much. Push/toss technique is pretty fun because you can use environment, but when it is the only fun thing it gets boring really fast.Story and characters are not interesting, too general.I can recommend only to hardcore SRPG."
76561197983985601,Recommended,540690,29457646,Posted: 24 January,all,roguelike,"In this SRPG, you play as a woman cursed to be a bear for three turns out of five who must hurl, toss, and shove an endless array of generic greek themed enemies off of cliffs.Pros:* You're a bear that knocks people off cliffs* Very little competition from other SRPGs on PC* You collect a coed harem of lithe and chiseled greeks to assist you in throwing enemies off cliffs* Some levels have boats instead of cliffsCons:* No introduction to core game mechanic of cliff shoving* Some members of your harem are unable to defenestrate* Initially promising setting of steampunk greece manages to become generic animeland fairly quickly* Could've used more bear puns"
,Not Recommended,540690,29472463,Posted: 24 January,all,Arienette,"I so want to be more positive, I love the PSX era aesthetic, and wish I got to see more of it rather than city screens being generic anime.I wish too it wasn't a branching narrative, because the story has to be able to go in a million directions, threads get picked up and dropped immediately and nothing in the story end up meaning anything. It's just anime tropes all over.As for the combat, good ideas around pushing enemies, and tiny constricted maps that make it hard to pull off.I also would have liked a more traditional XP system, not everything needs re-inventing and with even the medium XP objectives sometimes difficult to complete if you just want to fight your own way, new skills come achingly slow.Currently clicking through story as fast as I can to enjoy the great looking combat bits."
76561198037103200,Recommended,540690,32962110,Posted: 28 June,all,Acrylia,"I love this game, reminds me of Fire Emblem! I really enjoyed the gameplay, art style and story. I hope for a sequel or for more of this type of games to be released on Steam!"
,Recommended,540690,29905351,Posted: 13 February,all,JurgenJuggernaut,"I take my hat off, ""bravo""!!, 100% recomended for those who love games like final fantasy tactics, the banner saga, etc.POSITIVE-I would say replayability but its kind of weird, multiple paths and ways to go on with the history.-Each character has his/her personality, abilities , in other words, they are unique characters.-A very good mix between fixion, mithology and historical facts where the game is set.-Good explotation of high and low terrain, interesting skills and battle mechanics.-Rich story, with comedy, drama and serious parts.NEGATIVE-Too few evil characters, too many soldier 1, thug 2 etc.-Though the characters have personalities and so, no great depth in their personalities.-There is a point in the game where you level up and the points given are useless.-The battles  tend to be the same, same objectives and so. Too much bump, throw off a cliff, etc objectives.- Too much text (yes im lazy, but i read it anyways), no voiced characters.-The music is fine, BUT if you take your time in one place is anyoing the same track on an on with few variations.NEUTRALWell im use to pick a character, move > attack > next unit the same till you move all > end turnhere is not like that, the first you move is the one will act first, once you decided all your actions, they are done by your units. Personally i believe the motion animation, when they walk, jump, etcetera is too fast, in this way the game feels faster but I really like to see the unit movement and animation.SuggestionNewcomers, myself included could have use or could use a tutorial for the game mechanics, like bump objects, throw off people, high and low, also attack form the back should get a buff, to be as good as the effect ""backstap""."
,Recommended,540690,30545767,Posted: 16 March,all,Maulidan Games,"Recently playing until chapter 6 and i got so curious with many possibilities and alternatives way. Its really challenging, i cant get the hidden objectives almost in all my battles. The characters all has uniques persona. The choices of their skills also endless, its a true tactical rpg."
76561198045503284,Recommended,540690,30904892,Posted: 2 April,all,max.savenkov,"A very faithful take on Japanese tactical RPGs. This is both bad and good. Bad, because dialogues are quite boring (but fortunately, skipable), good because each battle offers an interesting challege. Fortunately, the game is not too long, so the plot have no time to really grind you down (unlike Disgaea).I'd like to note that I liked the ideas of the storyline, the end boss is an interesting take on one of Greak Titans, but JRPG-style delivery and characters really spoiled it for me.One problem with combat is very long enemy turns: you would wish for a ""skip everything"" button. Presently, you can only Alt-Tab to browse Reddit while enemies slowly make their way over the battlefield and pound on your characters.Overall verdice: not as good as Chroma Squad, but worth picking up anyway."
76561198073576921,Recommended,540690,29453286,Posted: 23 January,all,Mike,"The guys at Dragonloft have put together a high-quality Tactical RPG, in the vein of many great console and handheld classics. The familiar gameplay is backed by some interesting twists, and the combat feels dynamics. Additional scenario goals and branching paths provide the game with excellent replayabilty. Rounding everything out is an interesting setting with professional writing that gives the characters individual personality.If you enjoy Tactics games, this one is definitely worth the price.Update: I just 100% finished the game and have some more thoughts. So as you may have realized this game is not literally Final Fantasy Tactics. It was made mostly by 2 people. For a small team it is a good game, and there is plenty to do. Character customization is limited by the non-linear nature of the story. It is too bad they didn't have more people and a bigger budget, because this could have been a classic."
,Recommended,540690,29512329,Posted: 26 January,all,saQ,"I'm really enjoying it so far, it's very reminiscent of Vandal Hearts a turn based strategy from my childhood.  The artstyle is simple and it's a good puzzle/strat with action included.  The characters seem well developed and the story keeps me involved.  Love it so far!"
76561198114087148,Recommended,540690,29513791,Posted: 26 January,all,JooPT-_-,This game is really good. If your a fan os FFTactics and greek mythology I would Highly recommend getting this game.Now only hoping they make another game like this but with japanese mythology.
76561198056530497,Recommended,540690,29475713,Posted: 24 January,all,tmillerf22,"Wasn't expecting the 8-bit graphics for the main battle stages haha! Nonetheless this game is perfect for killing small amounts of time here and there. If you're looking for in depth character development forget it. If you're looking for more of an old-school turn based game with multiple avenues of story telling this is right up your alley.This is a throwback to the 1st generation of RPGs in that it has limited skill slots and zero item customization. No swapping of job classes, no junction system, and NO summons! It is very simple and ""straight"" forward. Well worth $15."
,Not Recommended,540690,33429936,Posted: 10 July,all,IanTamerOfSouls,"Though advertised as a dense tactical RPG, Hellenica is a frustratingly limited game that offers nothing new to the genre or its source material. I found myself clicking through dialogue early-on, only to reach another boring battle. The story is written poorly and has tacky animation, coming off as an amateur flash game in the end. Further, there is hardly an RPG element to Hellenica, as the game offers little in the way of rewards to improve the characters and gameplay. What we are left with is essentially an interactive fan-fiction, which I simply cannot recommend for $20."
76561197972449153,Not Recommended,540690,33352345,Posted: 7 July,all,The Ghost Pyro From Outerspace!!,"Looked like a slightly quirky game that would be inspired by FFT and Disgaea. It's actually a puzzle game, you get exp based on performing certain actions in combat. That wouldn't be so bad, but the art style and writing are incredibly off putting. Reads like something fromfanfiction.net, and looks like the same guys deviant art account. The sprites and combat graphics are fine, but the in town/conversation art style is just incredibly off putting to me."
76561198123671957,Recommended,540690,29454770,Posted: 23 January,all,LittleE03,"I just started playing this game and i already love it. The first battle showed off the mechanics that make this game different, the landscape. Most SRPGs are a flat chess like board but in this game you have to use the cliffs and rivers to your advantage. It adds another level of depth that i love. One complaint i have is the soundtrack. The music is okay but it is a little slow. I dont know if it will stay this way but i hope not. Overall great so far."
,Recommended,540690,29449903,Posted: 23 January,all,WILL-E,Fun game. Likeable characters. Plays like Final Fantasy Tactics. Story is like Fire Emblem games.
76561198047898602,Not Recommended,540690,29471733,Posted: 24 January,all,DarkCaelestis,"This game is incredibly unpolished. The water isn't animated, the music doesn't fit with the battles, the writing is medicore and the story jumps around everywhere. And no tutorial!!! If you were looking for a game that was similar to FFTactics or Tactics Ogre...this is not it. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,540690,29517032,Posted: 27 January,all,VG Purist,"I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone who asks.Not that this game doesn't have some good things in it, but overall in the tactics genre, it doesn't necessarily do anything better than the classics.Let's just begin with all of the things I don't like about the game.During the fights ALL of your controlled characters move first and attack then ALL of the AI enemies move and attack.  They do not individually take turns and therefore the overall map strategy and positioning are not necessarily in play most of the time.Game becomes quite predictable and a grind. The above mechanic also makes it to where the AI either has to vastly outnumber your characters or throw gimmicks at you or both in order to give the player any challenge whatsoever.  You simply take a defensible position and hold off the horde.The skills are different but for the most part they just help you deal with the onslaught of the numerous enemies on the map - such as being able to target several enemies in a line.  For the few hours that I played at least, the skills did not seem to combo well or not at all.Even in the old classics the images of the people talking would at least change every once in a while.  A facial expression or a change in stance or even placing the characters neatly within the environment would've been nice.  Unfortunately the images stay completely static and because of that the personalities fall flat.There's much too many words to read. I realize that it sounds like a stupid complaint but the story isn't very interesting.  I end up not caring about the main characters of Nephele and Diona and skipping through the dialogue altogether. How can I even care about the random people and allies you speak to during the story elemeints if their names are difficult to pronounce?Is it all that bad though?  No!There are diverging paths you can take and because of that you will meet different characters and allies.The tactical maps are usually interesting and there are ledges to push your enemies off of or things to drop on their heads.  (Though again you'll usually never get to see the majority of the map since you are in a defensive position the entire match)challenges on every tactical map to help gain extra experience and therefore gaining extra skills.https://youtu.be/b5Zy1ozwBXYOverall the game falls flat in execution and the story elements are feels much too stiff."
,Recommended,540690,34241040,Posted: 14 August,all,CortonCharlemagne,I support every single game that mentions Ancient Greek Mythology.
76561198067189007,Not Recommended,540690,29908266,Posted: 13 February,all,Tupinamba,"Underwhelming game, particularly in world building (the setting seems interesting, but the actual implementation is horrible) and immersion. The mechanical gameplay is not good enough to overlook this issues, which for me are key in an rpg, so I can´t recommend it."
,Not Recommended,540690,29916997,Posted: 14 February,all,Over,"I love turn-based games, but for some reason, this game didn't manage to grab me. I didn't like the initial story and style and all those dialogues in a static screen. The combat itself, looks mildly interesting but didn't make me want to launch the game again, thus the refund after a few days without playing it."
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,540690,29535392,Posted: 27 January,all,becephalus,"Game seemd attarctive and interesting on the surface, but I didn't find the characters or dialogue interesting, and the combat was pretty uninspiring.  Seems well made and like I could get some enjoyment out of it if I worked at it, but there are soo many good games these days why bother.Certainly interesting if you love tactics games, but I just strongly like them."
76561198006524453,Not Recommended,540690,29453354,Posted: 23 January,all,Hassie54,"This game reminded me of Tactics Ogre, which is why I got it. It is not that game, nor a clone of that game unfortunately. I went in hoping for a game like that, or like Final Fantasy Tactics, but the gameplay is really dumbed down in my opinion. There are no items, or a class system, only skills, and this really detracts from what I loved about those tactical rpg's so many years ago. It is not overly expensive, which is good, but probably should be $10, not $15. All that being said, I couldn't in good conscience, recommend this game to anyone. Some people will enjoy it I am sure, but from my perspective, it is a pale comparison to the old tactical games of yore that lit up my childhood.Edit:  I want to stress one thing here, that I do not believe this is a BAD game. I went in hoping for something, that the devs did not deliver, NOR did they promise to deliver that. I got my hopes up for something that would have been awesome in my opinion. Final Fantasy Tactics and Tactics Ogre were triple A titles, that cost $50-$60 back in the 90's. This game is NOT on their level, and for the cost of this game, it shouldn't be. If you like straight forward tactical games, and don't care so much about story, this could be for you. Like I said though, it feels really dumbed down, and lacks a lot of hallmarks of previous Tactical RPG's of yore. If you want FF Tactics or Tactics Ogre, there are much better options out there, and they will not give you such a let down.And enough about minutes played, I opened the game directly, not through Steam, to avoid Steam Overlay, which also does not track minutes played. I did give this game a couple hours, more than enough time to figure out it isn't what I wanted."
76561198121305176,Not Recommended,540690,32423784,Posted: 14 June,all,KnightPaladin,Was not what it advertised. Crappy game.
,Recommended,540690,35260383,Posted: 28 September,all,Onibi Onna,I killed an enemy by shoving him into steam which propelled him down a cliff10/10
