user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,540860,29847211,Posted: 11 February,all,Frozen Ray,"What a pile of garbage.First, the basic controls barely work. It's physically painful to move gems around (mostly because you'll be bleeding from your ears - when the movement glitches and gems start to jump around like crazy, the game starts playing EXTREMELY loud sound at the rate about 20 times per second). Of course sound sliders in battle do not work, and the ones outside do not save their state, so your best option is to mute the game through Windows' volume mixer.Game mechanics barely exist. Developers copy-pasted the concept similar to Mobius Final Fantasy and a dozens of other games without even thinking about how it is supposed to work. Here you just have dudes with more attack+hp and dudes with less attack+hp. Tradeoffs? Strategy? Nah, of course not. Take dudes with less damage and feed them to dudes with more damage. And of course the UI will prevent you from doing any reasonable management of your dudes (no sorting, no filters, and the game resets the scrolling position of the list every time you open it, so the task ""sacrifice 5 useless cards I just obtained"" requires like 2 minutes of repetitive scrolling).Also, pay2win elements were not properly removed from this port. Like in most p2w games, gold doesn't mean anything, and you can only buy meaningful things with donate-based currency (gems). They switched off the ability to buy gems for $$$, but did not provide any ways to farm them (you'll get a fixed amount by completing all the missions the first time, but you won't be able to really get anything with this amount). So, basically it's like playing pay2win without paying - painful and completely pointless.Score: garbage/10upd:Just to be clear: most of the positive reviews here are most definitely fake. Especially the ones that mention the story: there is literally no story in the current version.There is an extremely short and confusing tutorial with one character (""hi, I'm a goddes of something, click here and there to kill stuff""), and after completing it you won't see a single line of story."
,Not Recommended,540860,29837524,Posted: 10 February,all,Deferion,"this game physically hurt to play, the sound settings dont save, and when they do it means nothing, the game is completely unbalanced; some enemies do nothing to you while others will basically one shot you. the game boasts over 800 enemy types, but i played all the way until world 6 and fought around 50 at most. and on top of that i didnt see a single dragon at all, the screenshots are complete lies. on top of that it looks like a bad mobile portthis game is just stupid russian shovelware"
76561198008098780,Not Recommended,540860,29849951,Posted: 11 February,all,mr.bare,"There is no real story to this game. The ""chapters"" are just sets of battles.  I suspect some of the reviews are fakes - they have no idea what they're talking about. Battle mechanic is poorly done and poorly explained. The game got stuck in fusing mode a few times.  Caveat Emptor!"
,Not Recommended,540860,29897591,Posted: 13 February,all,MrHankey,"Don't be fooled by the positive reviews. They are all similarly written, and they all say very generic positive things about this game that are often just wrong (eg. ""story is interesting"" when there is practically no story). Most likely fake reviews from friends and/or a paid service.This game combines several common mechanics of mobile games, and does it poorly. Anyone that has played some decent mobile games, even free ones, will instantly know this one is trash 10 minutes in."
,Recommended,540860,29874522,Posted: 12 February,all,SirexPower,"Really fun! The action doesn't slow down like most other RPG gamesWell designed game, Very good game and addictive...I am collecting superior units so far and i have just summoned an epic unit... still looking forward for the legendary heroes shown in the video.I'm really enjoying the game. I'm recommending it to peopleOne of the best! awesome game! Just keeps you busy.Great game, super addictive!"
76561197988013157,Recommended,540860,29858848,Posted: 11 February,all,Ramzes,"Really awesome original music! I love to see developers spending the extra time on music and sound effects... makes me think they've put an effort into creating this.The graphics are cute, the gameplay is flawless and smooth. I love fact that you can use the useless cards as fusing ingredients to make your team stronger.I have just evolved my team leader and am noticing huge difference in her strength now. Good game idea, great execution.It feels like Dragon Kingdom War has endless number of missions and monsters... really money well spent.I'm curious how strong my team can get after a week of playing this... the enemies keep getting stronger too so its quite challenging and hard to keep up.I think that for this price, Dragon Kingdom War is totally worth it.Update:New update patch now has even cooler looking dragons!It’s fun to see that on your trading cards.Suggestions:Is DLC soundtracks coming soon?Steam achievements?Real time Co-Op instead of current allies system?More heroes & Dragons?"
,Recommended,540860,29873731,Posted: 12 February,all,TriAD,"This game is a great mix of my favorite elements. I enjoy RPG's with collecting and crafting as well as match 3 type puzzle games. This is like the hybrid of my dreams. I have not played another form of this (though my GF has been trying to convince me to play the mobile version but I do not like to play games on my iPhone). I'm about half way through the early chapters and it's very engaging. The first 10 missions were very easy (too easy IMHO) but it did build my confidence with how to use the skills, allocate the heroes, and really choose a good allies for the more challenging missions.The graphics are very cute for a puzzle game- nothing spectacular but not grainy and blurry either. Pixels look good on my PC and it loads very fast. I enjoy the graphic configuration feature which pops up every time you start the game. It allows you to select your screen resolutions & graphics quality. This makes a big difference if you only have a small tablet PC like I do.There is far more strategy involved in this vs. a regular Match 3 like BeJeweled. Here the heroes you use make a huge difference in how well the battle's go. It is exceptionally like Pokemon and I think adults who like Pokemon will love this game if they enjoy puzzlers. I enjoy the ability to fuse and enhance the heroes - this provides a level of customization you can apply to any hero you favor- and it's RPG based. I'm a leisurely player and don't rush through - I go back and replay older missions to get extra items to fuse with and I pay attention to the Heroes/allies information.Overall any gamer who enjoys games like Puzzle Quest and Puzzle Chronicles or other Match 3 games and RPG""s must pick this up - it's addictive once you pass the early missions which are too easy. There is only one save file - but that's ok for me as the game is priced at a good point. It's something you could pick up and do in a boring lecture or when you have time at work - unlike some RPG's which are tough to engage in without allocated time."
76561198172922214,Recommended,540860,30011036,Posted: 18 February,all,Reilins,"Love it. I enjoy the game lots. Love how u have such a diversity with characters. Skills are amazing too. Highly recommendedGood graphics and easy gameplay.The play though is already addicting with the multitude of things to do.Stability:I’ve been playing for 8 hours so far. Very stable and fun. At least no crash/bug I can find.Characters:Great variety of characters, and I hope you keep introducing more and more.Anime-lovers would definitely can’t get enough of this.Would be great to have a hero album or somethingWhat I like:-Definitely reminds you of Puzzle and dragon (Nintendo) at a better price-Endless hour of game play for less than $10-One of the most unique card game with its own graphics style.. I’ve never seen a card battle game with cute anime characters so farWhat I dislike:-No steam achievements-This game attracts a lot of haters who talked badly about it without even having a copy-Suspected paid sabotage from competitors."
,Not Recommended,540860,29845130,Posted: 11 February,all,robinsiebler,This game is confusing and the tutorial does a poor job of explaining how to play the game.
,Recommended,540860,29827766,Posted: 10 February,all,/.Z.|-|.0.R.@.\,"I love it! This game really helps me pass the time plus I love the anime style characters.Smooth and fun game A more interactive turn-based game which runs really smoothly.The graphics are 2D, very anime like. I guess any anime-lovers will like the art style.This game is quite fun. All the card designs look nice.The monster’s summoning system is a bit unpredictable and the battle system is a bit more interactive than most CCGs.Play this if you are a big fan of card game or Puzzle & Dragons.When I first saw it I thought it would be not all that fun but after giving it a try I have to admit once I started time flied passed so far that I ended up playing for 9 hours without stopping literally.Update: I’ve been seeing some people commenting that those reviews are fake.What the hell? Who care to play for 9 hours for fake review?Haters always find a way to hate anyway.They’re going to miss out a lot."
76561198284269324,Recommended,540860,29859251,Posted: 11 February,all,TWI,"Game is a fun tactics based rpg. Character designs are pretty original.One suggestion would be to make players vs player function.I'm a big fan of tactical games that require some thinking.Yes, the difficulty of this game isn't exactly the hardest, but it's fun to play and with all the heroes you could acquire, it has a lot of possibilities. Not exactly the most challenging game I've ever played, but I encourage everyone who likes the FE-series to play it.Given the amount of chars and skills, this forces a lot of tedious grinding to max out levels.I like the game, and will continue to play it for now.There are many classes that are generally well balanced.Seemed like a lot when I first started, because I'm the type who likes to read everything and understand before jumping in, but after playing for a bit, it's not difficult at all."
76561198139238655,Recommended,540860,29902471,Posted: 13 February,all,I See...,"This is one of the best puzzle games I've played in a long time. I haven't been really playing long enough to give a fairer rating, but for now, i'd say around a 9/10. with my rating here being where I predict I'll be mid-late game.The gameplay's pretty decent too, and the expansive roster of enemies from all over the kingdoms will leave you collecting. Older players might generally not enjoy this sort of genre, but younger players will most likely suck it in like a lollipop.I'm 23 and I enjoy this game a lot! There are plenty of puzzles to stimulate your mind, not just for kids but for young adults as well.There are many cute and awesome creatures especially dragons that get more intimidating as they evolve. Though I do wish they would put more dragons in the early missions and did a better job with creating a story line, but it's still pretty fun and with this pricing I can't complain.This is definitely one of my favorites for the Puzzle games, much more fun than expected, there's quite a bit of thinking that goes into building your teams and using skills/element weakness in order to win. It's a good game to pick up and go if you want to do a quick puzzle or play longer if you want to evolve and advance your team going to higher levels to catch more creatures to become stronger. It's also fun to learn different strategies in the way you move the gems to make combos, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good and unique puzzle game."
,Recommended,540860,29878733,Posted: 12 February,all,Wangan Warrior,"I like this game, graphics is so cute.Dragon Kingdom War. The features are so amazing i like the game so much add more heroes thank you!Managed to finish 3 chapters so far! I like the trading cards! they look amazing.Simply amazing. I greatly recommend this game to anyone who wants to kill time.You can't shut down your brain with this game... it is very exciting and challenging some times...You need to use everything you have to defeat some of the bosses and finish some of the missions.Sometimes i had to replay the same mission for more than 3-5 times... so i would say overall the gameplay is very nicely balanced.You have my thumb's up!This game is freaking awesome)"
76561198063327884,Recommended,540860,29902526,Posted: 13 February,all,Inside-m,"It's really hard to get higher monsters and it needs more effort to make monster stronger and rare!This game will make you addicted to play more and more and discover more realms, fulfil more quests, slay more enemies...I'm trying hard to hatch my dragon egg atm... my only legendary hero that i summoned.For sure if you are a nerd like me you will love this game or if you are a fan of card games rpg/turn based strategy games.The game is awesome I like the whole concept of lvlin up your monsters and using fuse materials to increase their ability also being able to use skills while in battleThe bosses are challenging and there are so many units to receive !"
76561198082118649,Recommended,540860,29877797,Posted: 12 February,all,Awoke,"Just noticed the art style has been changed after the update.To be honest, I wasn’t a big fan of previous art style.As a fan of Puzzle & Dragons Nintendo edition, I gotta say that there is some similarity between them, especially the newest art style.The game utilizes 5 elements plus healing for gems board i.e: fire/water/earth/light/dark/healing (heart gems)Compared to P&D which do fire/water/wind/light/dark/healing with no Earth tiles on their board, you can replenish your HP fairly quickly by matching heart gems.In fact, I see that I get more amount of heart gems on board than P&D.Hence, there is less frustration when it comes to challenging missions.You get less game-overs if you know how to do combos with heart gems.Overall, this game is great. Stayed up all night playing it when I first got it.I love the characters and the various battle scenes!I would definitely recommend it to all RPG lovers!Great to see people still appreciate the classics.There are a few more improvements I would like to see such as:Making team level-up more rewarding by offering diamondsAdding steam achievementsAbility to preview your heroes’ next stage of evolutionKeep up the good work guys!"
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,540860,30849643,Posted: 31 March,all,Nathaniel Prime,"Simple, boring, and very repetitive."
,Recommended,540860,29863979,Posted: 11 February,all,xoxmodav,"Awesome A must-play Cards turn-based RPG. This might be the best such RPG I've played this far.I'll give you some reasons:1) You don't have to connect to the internet to play.2) You can collect hundreds of different monsters3) unique & fun: each character has own unique abilities, can be leveled-up or evolved.4) a huge selection of available missions5) pattern based attacks - just match the gems, depending on how big the comb is the attack will be bigger or smaller.In my experience the game was stunning"
,Recommended,540860,29831864,Posted: 10 February,all,DiEslick,"Very good for a cards/turn-based RPG!The most crucial thing about RPG' s for me is the characters and this game meets that awesome standard. It has a unique way to lvl up and evolve your characters.It brings you a sense of accomplishment when you finally see your hero becoming a “Goddess” in her full capacity and ready to battle on.This game has hundreds of missions that can keep you going for hours on hours.Over 7 hours in so far, this is truly another winner by play spirit games!I know I had to update my review.To all the naysayers out there, you should have played longer.You have completely missed out the fun down the road, especially when your Goddess is fully evolved and ready to take on dragons.Yes you heard me right! Dragons!!!!I would recommend this game to anyone that likes rpg games. For sure this will not disappoint!"
,Recommended,540860,29868558,Posted: 12 February,all,DevideByZer0,"I was about to request a refund for this game after seeing it disappear from Steam without a warning. Was afraid there won’t be any future update.Upon seeing the developer’s apology announcement, I decided to take a leap of faith giving it another try.Holy moly! Boy I was wrong.The new update patch with new graphics has totally transformed the game.I can’t love it enough that developer has updated the game with cooler DRAGONS!My inventory is now filled with cooler DRAGONS trading cards.I wasn’t a big fan of previous dragons used in the game.I will continue playing and update my review soon.For now, it’s worth to say that:This is a great game with tons of missions, solid graphics, anime-style scenes, and fun turn-based RPG combat.The gameplay is challenging to a fault; sometimes the grind to beat all stage missions is a bit tiresome."
,Recommended,540860,29844005,Posted: 11 February,all,vittoria,"Overall:Very Enjoyable I like the game a lot. I also like the fact that I can continue playing offline as well.The characters really stand out throughout the battle!Fun to see how the “little Goddess” you had in the beginning grow up and evolve into “full Goddess”.Gems movement:I notice the gems movement is a little bit twitchy.However, it still doesn’t break the overall fun in doing match 3.Compared to other match 3 game I have played, the gems movement in this game is still decent with some room to improve.Battle/levelup/team:the leveling and skill system is very simple.You started out with 25 diamonds in the beginning, which give you the ability to summon a “fearsome” hero and to join your team.You can then pick other units dropped from battle to join your team as you progress.Each unit has its own special and attack skills that triggered by matching the right colors of the gems.Each time after winning a battle, the chosen heroes in your team will get a chance to level up.In a few occasion after accumulating enough XP, your whole team will level up too.Battle system get very complicated as you progress further and unlock new chapters.In later missions especially battle against the legendary dragons, one shot from the dragons will be sufficient to kill your team. It’s very important to have your leader fully evolved and the right heroes summoned to help you out.Fake reviews:I notice that some users are complaining about this.Having bought this game from launch at 10% off and played for over 40 hours, I don’t think some of the negative reviews are 100% accurate.If I have to guess, most of the naysayers are people who either don’t own this game or have very little playing time.Also some stupid people complaining about Russian people writing reviews in English is totally uncool.I’m a Russian and I do write reviews both in Russian and English.The person who made this prejudicing comment must be a troll living in his mum’s basement, not understanding the world"
76561198009614137,Recommended,540860,29844766,Posted: 11 February,all,Emilim,"Great game. Love the character selection. My bf got me into this game and I'm completely hooked! It's super fun and challenging.Love the allies.. they help me a loooot! I hope to get some dragons or dragons eggs soon... i bet they are the most powerful ones.I know dragons eggs, once fully hatched/evolved will be very powerful heroes for later missions. Now I’m grinding to beat these dragons so that I do so.By the way, do you think it’s possible to make it PvP or Co-Op so that we can get help from other players? Just a suggestion though. Would love it if this is possible.Recommended for anime lovers!! Amazingly cute graphics.Love the anime characters and the overall aesthetic of the gameplayAs I couldn't find any free CD key, I have decided to buy it.For less than $8 with 10% discount, this is still a steal, compared to Puzzle & Dragon that costs over $20 at Best buy.In short, it’s an amazing anime turn base game that you don't have to spend whole lot of money to actually play it."
76561198038877672,Recommended,540860,29877455,Posted: 12 February,all,ΔŘŜΣΝKØΩØ135,"This game is really cute!! XD i like the graphic and the smooth gameplay makes it fun, no issues so far but keep the good work coming this game is worth it.Great game to pass the time and the soundtrack is simply amazing.Honestly one of the most entertaining games I've ever play.I can't wait to see what else this game brings us in the near future :)I love the looks of the characters. Love the game it's fun and entertaining.Easily one of the best anime games I've played! so much fun I can't stop playing lol. definitely a must try for anyone. especially if your an anime fan!"
,Recommended,540860,29863976,Posted: 11 February,all,litlleon,"Loving 99% Of Everything! Though this game has very little storyline, as you’re progressing, you do really feel like you’re on a never-ending adventure, exploring unknown places.And what’s more exciting is, each new mission has some new surprises for you!By surprises, I mean the next enemies you will face and what cards it will drop after the mission.About game mechanics:the leveling and skill system is very simple yet intricately designed, and makes for a better than normal level grinding experience, although the only thing I'm missing is the ability tosort the units by the type and rare-ness.Although I haven't gotten through most of the game so I might come across that. Very well done!I'm really enjoying the game so far, funny and relatable characters as well as cute avatars!The game is just difficult enough for a challenge without being super hardcore.If you like card collection games with anime themes and unique characters, get this now!Last but not least, DRAGONS!!!!I just encountered a few dragons as enemies. Those things are hard to kill…Gotta farm more diamonds to summon better units…I wish the developer made this easy for us…."
76561198122672747,Recommended,540860,29871304,Posted: 12 February,all,25cm,"Best card game ever It's too addictingA little hard to understand, but once you catch on it's a fun gameThe game is really good. It is well thought out. You make the decisions, not like more or the so called card games on the market, where you just wait to see the result.The music is terrific.Very nice sounding. The art of the cards is really good too. Great workGreat work!"
,Recommended,540860,29827210,Posted: 10 February,all,lowpolyworkshop,"I had my eye on this game since last year when it first appeared on greenlight products... Im happy to finally own it.I am playing chapter 1 as we speak. so far environemnt is cool, monsters are cool... gameplay is smooth... a lot of data to wrap my head arround, lots of monsters, unique skills, a lot of strategizing. The graphics are nice and the music is amazing... it reminds me of childhood cards games... so far it seems very well executed...Gonna return with more information as i advance in the game... so far I'm very happy and excited! :D :D :D"
76561198074201606,Recommended,540860,29829710,Posted: 10 February,all,MastersoON,"Another classic awesomeness made by Indie that could probably rival Puzzle & Dragon Nintendo edition. A classic style RPG with cool and unique characters.Who could have thought of having a Goddess for a protagonist except for them.This is a fine game, plays well and has a lot of cards for collection.The game is pretty solid mechanically.If you have never played a card game & are looking to have a little fun with an rpg, then this is definitely the right game for you.The characters are amusing, the amount of magic and skills you can use is rather large and there are plenty of quests and side-quests to keep you occupied, even if the main story isn't very short.That said, if you are the type of person who obsessively needs to complete every aspect of a game, then I hope you have an overabundance of free time.One thing I love the most about this game: DRAGONS!!!There are all kind of dragons: from ice blue gothic, to red lava furious Chinese looking dragons… I actually lost counts of them.If you are a dragon-fans like I am, get this game now!"
,Recommended,540860,29852295,Posted: 11 February,all,"""AWE"" Awesome R0m","Great game and graphics, too addictive!Pretty darn good game for me to get hooked to.I'm thinking that you guys can add some sort of trade system for the material monster.....please consider this devSplendid work I love it !Very addictive.. when you reach high level it becomes more of a routine game.. nevertheless a good gameMashup between a Match Three and Trading Card Game. A great twist on the traditional match 3 allowing for much better game play.Perhaps the best twist this game has to offer is that your progression really hinges on your skill in matching rather than randomly generated damage amounts.+1 for player skill.Don't play it cuz you will not put it down :D You will be extremely addicted!"
76561198272374716,Recommended,540860,29828919,Posted: 10 February,all,Mihailovich,"Very nice strategy/cards game... really puts your tactics to test. Using your brain is a must-do in this gametry to form the best team you can... level up the monsters, fuse them together to create more powerful creatures...It feels like this game has a huge number of heroes and monsters so there are endless combinations for your teamI guess its all a matter of taste, tactics and personal preferences in the endI am not sure where the last 4 hours of my life went... time sure flies when playing this cause it keeps you on your toes.This kinda game that will make you addict, try it!Amazing graphics, well balanced and cool heroes !!!"
,Recommended,540860,29848316,Posted: 11 February,all,Mr.Rom,"Great game. The game is really nice for rpg gamers, the mechanics were hard to figure out at first, but that's because I'm new to these types of games.Has all the components I was hoping for and more! Takes a bit to wrap your head around it but it's worth it!Just an awesome way to pass the time if bored.I'm betting this is going to present some challenges which I'm going to accept and beat.Easily my all time favorite go to game.I LOVE quest based MMORPG games. I started playing them a long time ago. This satisfies all my cravingsI like the way they need us to like get cards to evolve just one monster. Some people think it is hard to do.BELIEVE me I do think of that too. But this is also like other rpg games where you need to do some things to get something better. ^^ :)You won't be disappointed!A brilliant game!"
,Recommended,540860,30010595,Posted: 18 February,all,RETRIX,"OMG I'M ADDICTED! Started as me trying a new game, couple hours later I can see myself playing for even more XDGood first impressions! Retro looks aside, this appears to be a solid JRPG.No online requirement, no limiting energy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Despite being a mobile port, this game fits very well on PC.In fact it’s very PC friendly. Remind me of Puzzle & Dragons Nintendo version.Will update review as i progress, but so far this looks good.Superb gameplay with an old school feel and likeable characters.Certain terms and explanations about in game mechanics can be VERY confusing, but after playing a while I’m getting used to it.Very fun and simplistic. Interesting characters.Better monsters and heroes can be summoned, however with diamonds.On the one hand, it's so good I wanna play it all day... On the other hand, I have trouble stopping once I start. ;-)It's a blessing and a curse, but it's a really good game!"
76561198033895973,Recommended,540860,30010453,Posted: 18 February,all,djoni84,"Coming off as a player who also owns a copy of Puzzle & Dragons Nintendo DS version, I must say that at $8.99 (after 10% launch discount), this game is worth every penny of it.Growing up and playing all sort of “dragons” theme game, this game does really catch my attention.There are all sorts of Dragons in this game, from Chinese style red dragon, snow dragon to all sort of mystical creatures like serpent-alike Goddess, Sword Angel etc..There is no words that can describe how exciting it is to win battles & collect dropped units especially dragon eggs.TIPS:If you have successfully collected dragon eggs, make sure you do not use them as fusing materials. Level up them as fast as you can. You will need to evolve them so that they hatch into grown-up dragons to be put into use for later missions.Beside dragons, there are a TON of different characters to collect, in which you can level them all up, and even evolve them into their next stage.Here's a short pros and cons.Pro:Ton of charactersEasy to pick up and playCombos are rewarding, you can click and drag your gems to wherever you wishHours of game playCute & adorable anime style graphicsCons:Lots of sabotage from hatersMissing steam achievementsI believe it's a really well polished PC game.This is one of the best puzzle games I've played in a long time. I haven't been really playing long enough to warrant a higher rating, but from how I'm doing so far, i'd say around a 9/10."
,Recommended,540860,29840984,Posted: 10 February,all,P-A-D-R-E,"Haters gonna hate…  They just don’t know what fun they’re going to miss out…This is the 5th day of playing Dragon Kingdom War and I am totally in love!I love the anime characters!!Being an anime hardcore fans, it’s so exciting to see all these different characters stocking up in your inventory. What an achievement when you finally collected over 100 different units!!!To the developer of this game, thx for making this !!!Edit: OMG I JUST FINISHED FIRST THREE CHAPTERS TODAY! I am totally in love with my team members!Its been an emotional rollercoaster ride and a lot of difficult battles but I am happy with this so far!This game reminds me of a few anime novels that I love and so, it gave off a nice unique feel to it!It is something different. I can't even believe I'm addicted to this. I play this all the time.I wish I could say more but there's so much to say that I don't even know where to start.You won't regret installing this game! I promise! :DPrice:I bought it for less than $9 with launch discount. Definitely a good deal when you realize it costs about $30 for a Puzzle & Dragon Nintendo copy."
,Recommended,540860,29989272,Posted: 17 February,all,VL プラス,"The game is great it's a card game with bejeweled game play.The game runs smoothly and the game play is solid. It has quick combat, hundreds of missions and bosses to beat.At the time I've played, there were no bugs or crashes of any kind.Loving the puzzle mechanic, it's a very addicting game, great for passing time as recreational habit.Very similar to Puzzle & Dragon- DS version (which had an upfront price tag)It has its own mechanics for heroes collection through gameplay and didn't have any micro-transactions.The music is very calming and relaxing too.Very surprised! Never really liked these kind of games but I got to admit it's so fun lol"
,Recommended,540860,29855155,Posted: 11 February,all,Alejandro,"Addicting! More involved than other similar games. Has a more RPG feel to it. Nicely colored and fun to play!An excellent game. At first I used to not understand it but then, when I learned how to play, I realised that it is really cool.You have to build the perfect team to defeat your enemies and finish challenging quests... so many missions... 35 missions per chapter, I am t chapter 3 atmIt looks lik i won't finish this game too soon. Nice balance and skill building single player.Overall Good Card Game Best part... No energy and not completely PTPEasy and fun. Enough said. Check it yourself"
,Recommended,540860,29988072,Posted: 17 February,all,mr.WiK,"Great game, really fun, keeps you busy. I can’t stop playing even on break at work I play.Challenging game play and hard to farm diamonds. The game art is well designed and unique.It is a nice time killer as you play along and unlock more worlds.I love the game play and the graphics. The only thing I am trying to get used to is the evolution system...sometimes it's really hard to find all the evolution ingredients needed.Some missions are insanely difficult... you have to replay older ones to get stronger and farm and only then return with a better team.The heroes are spectacular and having the right hero skills are very important in the game play. However so far I only have one epic hero.I love the surprises in the game (when you unlock new world) and I’m glad my friend recommended this to meIts a nice little game to pass the time that doesn’t cost an arm. feel free to try"
,Recommended,540860,30010742,Posted: 18 February,all,neonsun2004,"Epic I thought I would never truly enjoy another rpg again, then I tried this one and I find my self hooked on it.I don't know if they'll ever read this but I have to thank the creators of this game for rekindling my love for the genre.This jrpg is so good thanks again!I like the style, characters, but when fighting some non bosses its soo easyI love this game. I haven't finished it yet, but I will.Fun game. Very addictive. I just need some more lightening!Really love it cant stop playing, but wish you could have other ways to get gems!!! I want to summon more epic monsters for my team! :DBeen seeing some negative comments recently about review being fake.Well, at least not mine. I suspect some negative comments are left by users who were paid by competitors to sabotage this game. Good work on the developer on banning them!"
,Recommended,540860,29830236,Posted: 10 February,all,SSD,"Very nice game! I never liked card games but i love this game very much after playing it for 3 consecutive hoursit truly gets you hooked and willing to grow your team, evolve your heroes, get as good as possibleThe enemies keep getting tougher and stronger, posing more of a challenge in timeAwesome graphics and design the music is badass too but totaly like it ! Gameplay is epicOnce you get the hang of it it can get pretty addicting! Although I wish it were a little more rewardingI'm rubbish at reviews so I'll just say that I'm very addicted to this game :)"
,Recommended,540860,29991648,Posted: 17 February,all,sergej110,"Great game I love the system and play style and of course all the anime characters I'm currently trying to farm my hero and evolve it at his maximum form :3I’m still in early stages of playing. Smooth for me, no crashes.It does takes a little getting used to but addictive once you get into it. Only wish summoning wasn't so expensive.Being a Puzzle & Dragon Nintendo fans, this game is a steal at less than $10.Though being an Indie title, this game definitely is worth the attention of hours spent for any P&D players.Graphics/Music:The graphic style and music are epic!Love particularly one track in chapter2.Would love to get a copy of DLC soundtrack if that’s for sale.Characters/Units:Its good to waste time collecting huge amount of characters.Additional features I would like to see is auto sorting the units based on skills/type as well as locking any particular unit from accidental deletion or being used as fusing materials.Overall:Love It! This game is amazing, I've always been looking for a good Manga/Anime RPG, and I finally found it!!"
,Recommended,540860,29830556,Posted: 10 February,all,ЗЛОЕБУЧИЙ EHOT,"Awesome game! This is super addictive, Cant stop playing..So many battles to fight and awesome cards to collect..Feels like this game never endsLoving the game so far and the amount of different characters as well...I think this will be very successful in the near future.It's quite challenge in the higher levels.Personally, I had a great experience after spending a lot of time playing itGood game lots of fun easy way to burn some time and not feel like you wasted itCollect all the cards you can and become the ultimate summoner!Beautiful graphics, great controls and awesome loot!!Very nice animation, way better than a lots of the other similar games out there.The graphics are awesome and the battles are fantastic. What's not to love?Overall a beautiful game!"
,Recommended,540860,29831117,Posted: 10 February,all,nd,"Fun little game that doesn’t cost you a fortune to buy.With 10% discount offered at launch, this game is a steal.Combat is turn based but you can always target your enemy in whom to be attacked next.The start can be a bit hard but if you grind a few levels you'll be fine.Instead of saving the diamonds, I started by summoning a fearsome hero.Having a fearsome hero in your team will help you win some early battles.Suggestions:Please reward us diamonds by levelling up. I’ve been farming for diamonds and would like to summon a God-like unit.Battling dragons in later missions are a bit daunting… Hope summoning a God-line unit will help me.Overall:A fun and cute rpg.A good starter rpg if you wanted to try it out.An adorable little RPG with character and fun.Please keep up the good work!"
76561198284737282,Recommended,540860,29828607,Posted: 10 February,all,Medvez,Best Puzzle RPG! Please add more content.. like Arena where we can battle any monsters already defeated..Bar where we can gamble for gold and gems...Additional Character Classes with different skills and stats...I played this game expecting another RPG but i started to play it and it was mind-blowingI like the sound in this game and obviously the music is simply epic!Fun puzzle game. Best one I've played.It's simply put a fantastic game!
,Recommended,540860,30014431,Posted: 18 February,all,DuGGa,"This game rocks!  This is a wonderful RPG with beautiful art. Quite addictive.This game is awesome and characters are outstanding.But item collectors beware, if you want to collect all items you should at least need lots and lots of effort and time.No lags or freeze-ups. Quite nice actually.Overall I recommend the purchase.At 10% off for launch discount, this is a steal!This is wonderful game, everything including characters’ skills, magic and battle.Awesome tale, nice storyline, although fighting the boss is a bit too hard. It took me 30 minutes to beat the green Dragon in one of the missions."
,Recommended,540860,29828811,Posted: 10 February,all,doc_aibolyt,"Excellent game that has a lot of adventures. The gameplay is amazing!It's battle system is familiar, but not an exact copy of other puzzle rpg's. I love it!However, the difficulties are farming the diamonds to summon another Godlike units.As far as I can tell, farming a Godlike unit costs 100 diamonds.I wish the developer make it easy for us to farm diamonds.It makes me grind my level rather slowly but it's not a problem since it's fun to play.I LIKE the mix of puzzle game and upgrading and evolving the characters in the the rpg side of things.Very well done turn based system. Makes fights wildly unpredictable. Furthermore, all monster should be farmable.So far no crash and no bug."
,Recommended,540860,30009553,Posted: 18 February,all,Nike,"Wow!! Best game ever o.O still playing this game since it's been released!!Awesomely exciting I really appreciate RPG games.This game really reminds me of Puzzle & Dragon Nintendo edition.Despite being an Indie-made puzzle/card game, it got me hooked for hours.For someone who already has a copy of P&D Nintendo, this one really offers the uniqueness of its own kind nevertheless the similar game play.The gameplay is classic, which is not bad, and I'm looking forward for more detailed and stylish movements in the next update particularly in battle mode. There might be room for gems movement to be improved, however it doesn’t affect the game play.Additionally, I like the sounds, calming village music and the boss theme...Lastly I like the art and design of the characters especially for not making the ladies daring or unnecessarily sexy... and very anime-like instead.Anime lovers, take note ;-)maybe next time you can put suitable voices, especially for the main characters... Thanks for making this game guys!"
76561198008711966,Not Recommended,540860,30604829,Posted: 18 March,all,djones,What wasn't revealed in the ad was that you have to play a girl hero.
