user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,541230,29241085,Posted: 13 January,all,solaris32,"I've played lots of Tower Defense games and this is a fun one with some interesting twists on the genre you don't normally see. The developers are best known for their isometric run and gun shooters and this is their first foray into the TD genre and the influence of their previous games are clearly shown, both for good and bad. I'm assuming you already know what TD games are so I can skip the lengthy explanation of their basic designs.+Positive+There is a mechanic that as far as I'm aware is unique to TD games: you must periodically spend earned in game money to reload your soldier's ammo. This is a controversial game mechanic to some who prefer more relaxed TDs where you place your soldiers (towers) and sit back and relax. I however find this mechanic exciting because you must constantly pay attention to what is going on, keeping you involved and alert. Forgetting to reload a soldier's weapon can cost you the game, but to help with that you can queue up multiple reloads if you have the money to spare. If it's a mission where money is tight there is strategy involved in deciding on the fly which soldier should get a reload first.EDIT: Version 1.0.3 added the ability to toggle auto reload, found under game options.+There are 7 different soldiers, each soldier can equip 3 weapons specific to them and you can switch between those weapons after the soldier has been placed. You get more weapons by using earned money from the end of missions to buy supply crates (only the most expensive crate is worth it due to the guaranteed legendary).+As an example, the Swat soldier uses shotguns and you can find multiple different kinds of shotguns, where the better it is the more it costs to place and reload. Even if you have a god-tier weapon it's not economical to use it early game because it's so expensive. Each weapon has different levels of rarity for it: normal, rare, unique, and legendary. The better the rarity the more powerful it is and the cheaper it is to reload.+You can train your soldiers using earned money to increase their level which increases certain stats like damage, firing rate, range, and more. Each level increase also gives a skill point to further increase their stats in their uninteresting skill ""tree"".+As you kill enemies they will sometimes drop money and materials which you must click to obtain. You can get more materials by recycling weapons you don't want. You then use these materials to upgrade the weapons you do want to slightly increase a few of their stats.+There are 35 missions with each one having an easy, normal, hard, and expert difficulty for lots of replayability. Expert brings more and different waves of enemies. There are also 7 optional survival missions where you have to survive for as long as you can.+-Neutral+-The game is very grind heavy because the missions get hard fast. You are expected to replay older missions to earn money to upgrade your soldiers and buy supply crates.+-There are a lot of reused assets and copy paste maps from Alien Shooter 2. Same music, same enemy sprites, many of the same maps. At least they're being used for a different type of game, but I would have liked new stuff.-Negative-There are no graphics options of any kind except the option to play windowed and to have green blood (instead of red). It's true a potato could run this game, but still.-Sometimes while in a mission there is input lag when I tell my soldiers to reload. Generally not a big deal but is still annoying. If this gets patched you can expect me to make a note of it here.Closing thoughtsIf you like Alien Shooter, tower defense games, and the reloading mechanic isn't an immediate turnoff, then give this game a shot as you will probably enjoy it!"
,Not Recommended,541230,29232131,Posted: 13 January,all,loktar,"I love tower defense games but besides having some performance issues, the refill ammo mechanic is a deal breaker for me.Yes, you must reload your ""towers"" as they have finite ammo. It takes money to do, which you receive from killing enemies, which means you are limited in towers on the level since you need money to reload existing ones. I feel like I would really love the game otherwise  but this mechanic just fundementally breaks it for me.They might as well get rid of the ability to speed up time because once you do you're playing ""Hunt the guy with the least ammo and click refill""."
76561198263427469,Recommended,541230,31880998,Posted: 21 May,all,Rurik,"I have strange feelings. Usually, the game is just boring and I don't want to continue. There is another thing with this game. I want, but I can't. I wish I could like this game but every time when I give this game a try it makes me angry after 10-15 of gaming.What I like:- The huge waves of monsters which die with a lot of blood and explosions. Yeah, I like visual of part of the game- There is a lot of ways of improving the power of your squad: new units, a training to get boost of characteristic and skills points, new weapons, and consumable items.- A little skill tree for every unit (tower). But the balance of skills is bad. Some are really useful (like +100% damage to armor for militia) and some are not (+1% damage for the grenade). I think the game designer was drunk and forgot to add some ""0"" letters.- There are 40 levels + survival mode for every of them. Also, there are endless levels.That's all. I suppose.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=925722464There are much more things which make me suffer.- First of all, the main flaw of this game is grind. There are 3 difficulty settings for each story mission. Each difficulty has reward. BUT, if you pass the mission on hard, you won't get the rewards for easy and normal. It's absolutely stupid design feature. So after you finished the mission on hard, you are forced to play it 2 more times again on Normal and Easy to get more money. It's a totally grinding game. I hate it. I really wanted to give this game a negative just because of this.- The balance of towers remind me first TD maps in WC3 in the 2004. Some towers are much stronger than others. There are no armor types, so some towers are just useless.- The waves are boring. First wave - X count of weak monster. Second wave - 2X count of weak monster. Third wave - X count of armored monster. Fourth wave - X count for weak and armored monsters. The filling of waves in every mission looks like copy/paste. Yeah, every level has unique terrain, paths, new tower or monster appear. Anyway, I wanted to see more diversity between levels.- As I said there is no armor types. Yeah, each monster has HP and some of them have Armor points. Anyway, you can place just one tower type to win the mission. I can say for sure, there is strategic potential in the game. It's just an arcade game, where you enjoy how monsters die.- Some higher missions are easier than previous. For example, you start with 180$ at 7th mission and there comes a group of 20 tough 9k HP monsters. And you can do nothingYou start with the 175$ at 8th mission with default rocket unit (which costs ~90$). And there comes a group of weak monsters with 5-10 9k monsters. The 8th is much easier. It’s much more easier. And it's bad.- The reload mechanic is new in this genre. But i think, the idea is not good. I had situations, when a placed towers, new wave comes, all ammo was gone and i had not enough money to reload it. What is fun in this?- There is no info when you are trying to build towers. Just a cost. Absurd.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=925722496So, there is my resume for Alien Shooter TD. The game could be great, but it's not. There are a lot of design and balance problems. I really hate some things in the game. Anyway, there are things what i really like. For example, a skill tree for towers. So the game is not bad or good either.I give this game positive review just because developers are still working on this game and they probably can make it great if they will listen to player's feedback.I can't recommend this game for the full price in the current state, but you will be pleased by some enjoyable hours if you ll buy it with 80+% discount. Or until they cut these bad design features."
76561198014650167,Recommended,541230,32210621,Posted: 5 June,all,azag_thoth66,"Pros...- It has a random loot system for weapons. You get random weapons from buying supply crates, and sometimes a free fixed weapon during a mission from shooting a ""hidden"" weapons crate.- Each Character/Tower type has a skill tree. You spend money to level them up.- If a level is too difficult, you can easily grind out some money. By replaying a level or doing endless mode.- At the end of a level, the ground is completely covered in green dead alien goo.- In the settings menu there is an option to enable ""auto-ammo reload"". I really enjoy this setting, since I don't feel like constantly clicking on my people to reload them.Cons...- I've done 9 mission so far, and the enemy variety seems kind of limited. It also would have been nice if each area ended with a mini-boss of some sort."
,Recommended,541230,30828318,Posted: 30 March,all,Ron Perlcat,"This isn't a review, just an fyi.I almost didn't get this game because of all the reviews talking about how obtrusive and annoying the reloading mechanic was when, in fact, it's easily ignored. There's multiple ways the devs have added (probably after those reviews.)You can enable an auto reload option, by pressing T with a troop selected, this automatically takes the money out of your reserve when the troop gets low on ammo.You can also buy extra magazines by clicking multiple times or pressing R multiple times. This gives the troop a large stockpile of ammunition.[EDIT] Found out there's actually an AUTO UPGRADE button in the menu, so you can ignore the reload feature completely, except for the money getting taken out in small amounts ocasionally.Just thought people would like to know since the negative reviews almost made me not buy it."
,Recommended,541230,29374459,Posted: 20 January,all,Pathborn,"This is an interesting tower defense game by the Russian developers of the ""Alien Shooter"" series. For those who haven't played those games, they're sort of a cross between Diablo 2 and Smash TV. This game however, uses most of the same assets (even the music is re-used) and is instead a tower defense game.The most distinctive part of this game is the reload mechanism. Towers (your soldiers) have limited ammo. You need to constantly buy ammo for *all* of your towers, frantically clicking on each one to reload it, especially at high speed mode. Some players will hate it, some love it, and many hated it enough so that a patch was immediately created to allow the automatic re-purchasing of ammo. But that too has drawbacks because it gives you less control on which towers you reload and when.Adding to that is another diabolical mechanism: pausing the game to individually reload towers while the game is paused is possible, but detracts from your score in expert mode (in other modes it's free). All this combined could be a mess, but somehow it works, and it's fun moving around reloading each tower during the heat of battle, while trying not to pause the game so as not to reduce your score. Quite fun actually, but, I can understand that for some it'd be nerve-wracking.Each tower type also can be individually leveled, and equip up to three weapons each, which can each be upgraded a maximum of three times. This is all done outside of the levels, using money earned in the levels, so over time your towers get stronger as you beat more levels. This is a fairly typical ""grindy"" tower defense game formula, similar to Gemcraft 2 and others. It's not one I'm particularly fond of because it takes a lot of the traditional strategy out of tower defense games (placement, deciding which towers to buy and place where, and when to upgrade them) in favor of a meta-strategy of simply having strong, cost-efficient towers through grinding.I don't mind grindy tower defense games as long as it has a strong story to carry it along and the emphasis is on the story rather than the gameplay (like, for instance, Defender's Quest did), but this game actually has almost no story; no characters, no dialogue, no mission summaries, nothing. It's pure gameplay. And that I think is my least-liked part of this game.Overall, I'd recommend this game to people who enjoy tower defense games, and people who are curious about how a reloading tower mechanism can work, but I don't think people who aren't fans of the genre will get into tower defense because of this game or anything. This is mainly a ""more"" game, if you beat the Gemcraft series, Defender's Quest, Creeper World 3, Plants vs Zombies, Defense Grid 1 and 2, or even my own game Immortal Defense, and want ""more"" tower defense gameplay, this is a good game for that."
,Recommended,541230,29248058,Posted: 14 January,all,jmido8,"Well, as you can obviously tell I don't have much time played yet but I thought I'd give everyone a run down of what this game is so far.This game is a combination of RPG and Tower Defense. Well, let's say it's heavy tower defense with RPG aspects.1. You don't have traditional towers in this game, instead you have a ""squad"". Basically there are 7 different types of soldiers in the game ranging from shotgunners, assault riflers, snipers, flamethrowers, bazookas, etc. Every time you start a new map you can choose up to 4 types of soldiers (remember there are 7 types total). Soldiers are pretty much the same as towers but with a different name and avatar to represent them.2. So once you have chosen your squad of 4 different types you enter a map. The map shows you where the aliens will enter and what path they'll take to your base. You can't play your squad anywhere, like lots of tower defense games there are designated places you are able to place your soldiers. There seems to be a decent amount and most of the time at places you would usually want to put them. The soldiers never move and never take damage, they just sit where you put them and shoot stuff within their range (this depends on their weapons range and you can customize your soldiers with different weapons that have diff effects and ranges and dmg, etc).Even though you only have 4 different types of soldiers, you can place as many of them as you want around the map (as long as you have the money to place them and enough map tiles). If you wanted, you could put 10 of 1 soldier type around the map and completely ignore the other types you chose if you wanted. You usually start each map with a couple hundred dollars and soldiers can cost from 24$-100$+ to summon. As you kill monsters you get more money to summon more soldiers.3. Your soldiers have ammo and you have to refill this ammo. In my experience the ammo runs out fairly quick and I usually have to refill each soldiers ammo about 2-3 times per wave. You might like this and you might not. It forces you to manage your resources and choose between hiring a new soldier or saving some money for when your other soldiers run out of ammo. Fortunately refilling ammo is really easy and quick, you can see a bar above each soldiers head showing how much ammo they have and when they are low a button appears above them which lets you 1-click refill if you have the money. It definitely needs to be done quite frequently so if you aren't huge into resource management then you might not like this. Also, ammo costs money and the cost of ammo goes up when you start using higher tier weapons.4. You start the game with a single soldier type, the shotgunner. As you play and clear levels you earn in-game money that you can use for a variety of things including:- buying new types of soldiers (7 types total)- purchasing new skills for your different types of soldiers (+range, +dmg, +whatever). Each type of soldier has a skill tree with about 10 different skills and about 5 points for each skill so there is definitely a huge amount of customization for each type.- Loot crates. Basically you must outfit your soldiers with weapons and gear. To get new weapons you must purchase loot crates (with money you earn from completing missions, from what I know there is no option to pay real life money to buy) and then it's up to RNG if you get rare, common, legendary or what not type of weapons. If you like games with loot you might like this. Personally, I enjoy it, gives the game lots of replay value. I haven't played long though so I don't know if you'll hit a point that's impossible to pass without high level gear which might require you to farm for a long time.5. You can equip soldiers with 3 different weapons which can be useful since different weapons can have different effects (for example the flamethrower dude has both a fire thrower and an ice thrower. One slows enemies with less damage and one does lots more damage). I find this really cool because you can easily switch their weapons during combat to counter different types of aliens.6. I dont think you can level up soldiers during gameplay. Instead you slowly customize and power him up through buying skills and new equipment with the money you make from completing missions.7. From what I can tell, each mission has 3 difficulties and 3 missions for each difficulty that awards you with money if you fullfill the condition. I'm not sure if you can make money off a mission you've completely finished though. I feel like there has to be a way to still make money though since loot crates are random and if you just hit a point you couldn't pass without proper equipment and didn't have anymore mission to make money on then you might be screwed.Like I'v said, I'v not played much at all but this is the basis of the game. Hope it helps some of you out. Personally, I find it enjoyable and it's a pretty solid TD game in my opinion."
76561197964798094,Recommended,541230,29253906,Posted: 14 January,all,MadAsAHatter,"Love it. I usually hate tower defense games but this one just caught me.+ tons of upgrades, weapons, items, classes+ a large variety of maps+ easy to get into, hard to master+ NOT pay to win like the mobile game, they completely removed that aspect. Everything is ingame currency+/- very stressful since you have to manually reload your soldiers, I like it but this might turn some people off.- stupid random loot chest you can buy for huge amounts of money, GOD how I hate that... they even added a similar opening animation and sound as in Battlefield. But al least...+ you get weapons and equipment from those chests you can actually use not some stupid 'I-have-no-life-and-spend-my-money-on-tiger-striped-champion-skins-that-some-greedy-dev-digipainted-in-12-seconds' rewards."
76561197993896380,Recommended,541230,29372053,Posted: 20 January,all,Neoz,"This is fun game, at this stage the game is very playable.but i can have some improvement for now no hotkey,can't play newgame etc.other than that it enjoyable and time consuming for this price."
,Recommended,541230,31046588,Posted: 9 April,all,Billy Rosewood,"From the people who brought you the Zombie Shooter and Alien Shooter series, here comes one of my new favourite tower defense game, Alien Shooter TD !Using the universe and some assets from their previous titles, Sigma Team have made a very solid TD with all the usual mechanics from the genre including tower upgrades (in soldier form but also the weapons used by soldiers can be replaced and upgraded), bonus consumable items (bombs, ammo drop), multiple difficulty levels (easy, normal, hard, super hard and super very hard) and a ton of areas to destroy alien waves. You can also buy different crates containing random rarity weapons and bonuses, which can be useful to replace a basic shotgun with a crazy Legendary Metal Storm V4 that will welcome even more destructive power in the battlefield.Hours played on a same level trying to outscore yourself (or your friends) is rewarded by leaderboards, where you can see who killed the most aliens or who gained the most money in missions (among other stats), although not completely integrated in the game, is a Steam feature that can be easely accessed with two clicks.So for me, who like tower defense games, and is a 2D lover, this is the game I wanted but did not expect from Sigma, who already did some fine work with the Shooter series bringing old school 2D art and great destruction with particle effects, lightning effects, and pretty serious body count.If you like 2D art, if you like tower defense, if you like having thousands and thousands of enemies on screen, this is a game not to miss.Alien Shooter TD, awesome indie game, 8/10.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=901973598http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=901972121"
76561198031486819,Recommended,541230,29280915,Posted: 15 January,all,Explorer,"I think Alien Shooter TDIs my favorite game right now!Different units with lots of skills and weapons to level up!and LOTS of Explosions! :)You have to manually reload your units in battle,or you can use the auto-reload option, It's up to you!Different modes and lots of levels!Endless scenarios are insane!Thumbs Up! :)"
,Recommended,541230,33192084,Posted: 3 July,all,Kia,"GREAT GAME! :DAwesome soundtrack :DAwesome troops :DAwesome missions :DAwesome guns :DGuns aren't varied much :(ADD MORE MISSIONS,GUNS AND MONSTERS!!Highly recommended {plz support this game people :)}"
76561198142450981,Recommended,541230,29425414,Posted: 22 January,all,$$_Fallen_$$,"Best tower defense I played so far, period. Dont listen to reviews ""finite ammo mechanic is a problem"". It actually adds to this game and if you know how to play, ammo is not an issue. Hope they will add more levels soon... 10/10"
76561198006260288,Recommended,541230,29241420,Posted: 13 January,all,brukirk,"I suspect I am a Tower Defence (Australian spelling) ""junkie"".This game is keeping me more than interested - the search for the right combination of team members and weapons keeps you on your toes.I find the  ammo refill mechanic  an interesting addition, but the ability to scroll out to a whole battlefield view to check on all amunition supplies would be useful."
,Recommended,541230,29349339,Posted: 18 January,all,Corrosion,Fun tower defense set in a familiar game setting. I loved the original Alien Shooter games and this gives off the same vibe.I hope they make a Zombie Shooter TD.
76561198002745943,Recommended,541230,29366831,Posted: 19 January,all,NF_Spasp,"I've played all the Alien Shooter games, with Reloaded being my favorite. A very satisfying shooter! This TD recreates that feeling of mowing down hordes of monsters. The game seems very easy at first, but about halfway to the end the levels really pick up in overall difficulty.Each ""tower"" is a type of soldier with varying weapons; from machine guns to plasma cannons. Each soldier can be permanently trained/upgraded to do more damage and special effects, like regenerating ammunition or do more damage to armour. It does not really matter how you train them, as all skills can be maxed out anyway. You can also equip each soldier with 3 weapons each, which you gain from destroying chests on the maps, or buying supply crates out of battles, with varying ""rarity"". Higher rarity earns you more items and potentially better weapons. Weapons also has rarity, which, no surprise there, makes them better in pretty much every way.Now, for the gameplay itself. You do not upgrade your soldiers when they are placed. Instead, you buy them ammunition for the 3 weapons they can have equipped. They eventually run out of ammo, but you can always buy them more when you can afford it, and also buy several magazines for them so your don't have to refill them all the time.However, ammo price is based on the weapon equipped. Remember those 3 weapon slots? You can kind of create your own upgradeable towers by, for instance, equipping them with a cheap, mediocre, and expensive weapon. The weapons power more or less influence the price of ammo, so beginning with a cheaper weapon in the main slot and then buying the more expensive ammo is a viable strategy.It's a bit of an odd system, but each tower is powerful, and more than worth the price to keep them going. The game would be extremely unbalanced if they had unlimited ammo, and you will be rolling in money at later levels anyways if you use the right combination of soldiers.The only downside I have seen is that the soldiers targeting priority is rather meh. Preferring to target monsters closed to themselves instead of the ones closest to the exit. There is manual targeting at least; just click a monster and all soldiers in range will focus it down.I would love to see more soldiers/weapons/CRAZY horde maps added later on, as there are more missions planned!The targeting priorities the soldiers have pulls its score down a bit, and the upgrade system is a bit bare bones as well. An active skill you could use would be great. I'll give it a strong 7/10, otherwise it would be a solid 8. DEFINITELY worth the 8 bucks if you like the Alien Shooter games and TD."
76561197965258791,Recommended,541230,29389827,Posted: 20 January,all,NeoOsiris,"I don't usually review games and will keep this very short.  If you are a TD addict like me then you'll love this game. I've been playing TDs since SC1 days and this game definitely brings me back to those nostagic moments, reminds me so much of SC USM TD maps. Never heard of Alien Shooter before but I HIGHLY recommend this to anyone who loves a good TD. It also has a nice gearing element to it as well."
,Recommended,541230,32718152,Posted: 24 June,all,SajBear,I love it so far!
76561197970739339,Not Recommended,541230,31868687,Posted: 20 May,all,Captain Chaos,"A largely effective translation of the Alien Shooter' series top down alien-blasting into tower defense form, TD is a very ""safe"" game. It's got towers in the form of various types of soldiers, lots of stages, permanent upgrades, and so on. There's very little variety in the enemies however, each just being more annoying to kill then the last, and only two boss fights, the second of which relies on a gimmicky mechanic that makes it nearly impossible to complete on hard.  In the end, its really rather bland, even recycling the assets and music of Alien Shooter 2, and it really begins to drag after a while. It also has ""that one achievement"", in this case, a whooping 500k kills that prevents you from getting them all in one clean run, which is really more like FOUR runs thanks to how the level progression works. Even with that and a few runs of the survival levels for money grinding, I only got about 200k kills, and by that point, I was honestly sick of the game. You should check out the demo, as it has some of the best levels- the earlier ones. But be aware that the game will very quickly lose its charm."
,Recommended,541230,29951998,Posted: 15 February,all,M9A1 Gernsback,"Solid new gameplay based around old-as-bones SHMUP dynamic. Can be confusing at first, but gradually grows on you. Generally a joy to play, a great way to pass the time and even wrack your brains a little.Can recommend!"
76561198160279457,Recommended,541230,30981805,Posted: 6 April,all,szjnrt,"Wow...  Good for you , Sigma Game.        BTW.    it would be NICE if these TOWERS can REALOD itself, then you can say ""everything is just like in real life"" ."
,Recommended,541230,33785360,Posted: 25 July,all,=RP=SumoFlorist,"This is one of the better TD-games on steam!You can grind if you want to.You can level up and customize(to a point) your ""towers"".There are TONS of aliens to kill.The maps are diverse, though once you got a feeling for the way the game works they get kinda predictable.The graphics are not amazing but good enough for what this game is.It has endless modes WITH leaderboards.If you are a fan of TD-games i recommend you picking this up, it is quite fun but does get repetetive after a while (like pretty much all TDs do).If you are not a fan of TD-games... well what are you doing here anyways?"
76561197975068443,Recommended,541230,32726820,Posted: 24 June,all,KickitGood,"This is a fun little TD game. its fairly simple in its core and you will find your self using the same few units pretty much the entire campaign...but there are SO MANy bugs to kill, it keeps being entertaining.it has a build in upgradable weapon system that adds to it, plus a wide variety of weapons for every class.Great little time waster of a game. I have 30 hours on this over many short periods of play. its the kind of game where you just waste 15-30 minutes on and move on to come back to later."
,Recommended,541230,29416155,Posted: 22 January,all,Helladope Madfresh,"Quite the fun little TD game. Good for short bursts of 3-5 missions at a time. It's not overtly complex but with the weapon ""loot"" system, small skill trees and reloading mechanic it has some variety to keep it fresh. It's nice finding a new powerful weapon that lets you play with builds and new unit pairings. A chokepoint that needed 2 shotgunners and a machine gunner can now be held down by just the machine gunner at a higher cost for the MG but sparing you the cost and placement spaces of the 2 shottys, allowing you to use those resources elsewhere. I recommend it, it's got just enough going on to keep you coming back."
,Recommended,541230,29303673,Posted: 16 January,all,Teh Joel,"Only a few hours into it at the time of this review, but so far it feels very well worth the money (~$10 US). As others have noted, it adds a new mechanic to your usual TD game in the form of ammo--your ""towers"" (i.e., units) must be reloaded at a cost. This is definitely a wrinkle in your usual TD strategy and when combined with the unit upgrade costs (better weapons generally cost more to reload) makes you think a bit more about how to proceed. They've added a little freemium/free-to-play feel to it with the weapon cases but so far it hasn't felt gimmicky or greedy. If you dig TD games, and like the X-COM type feel, it's worth a go."
76561198034029393,Recommended,541230,29280289,Posted: 15 January,all,cherniyalpinist,"X-Com Enemy Unknown dumps turn-based tactical combat and converts to ape s**t, all guns blazing, brutal, blood-spilling gameplay.Pretty simple idea, but you can watch hours fly past, while your marines and snipers are taking out one horde after another in bloody agressive (literally) combat.Great fun!"
76561198029021012,Recommended,541230,29329560,Posted: 17 January,all,Specseek,"This is a fun tower defense game.  Despite having ""shooter"" in its name, it is a pure tower defense game.In each battle you can only take in four out of seven types of soldiers, and for each soldier you must preselect which weapon the soldier will use.  Over time you accumulate more and better weapons to chose from.During the battle you must reload (click) soldiers as they run out of ammo and this costs cash.  This adds to the strategy component of deciding how expensive the soliders  are you bring into the battle.  The downside is that during  a heavy battle on a large map you must frantically scroll around clicking on soldiers to keep them loaded.One thing I don't like is that the scenery can block fire, but then your soldiers may stupidly fire into a wall instead of conserving ammo."
76561198072155841,Recommended,541230,33588124,Posted: 16 July,all,zeranixaimar,"It's an ok'ish tower defense game based on the settings of the famous shooting game Alien Shooter series. You earn money by killing aliens, mountains of them, and spend the money to deploy more soldiers/buy ammunition for their weapons in the tower defense stages or unlock, upgrade each genre of your soldiers and open supply chests for obtaining random weapons on the global screen.One unique thing about this game is that you need to reload your soldiers after they are out of ammo, which is equivalent to a soldier only being able to inflict a certain quantity of damage at the set amount of cost (both depending on the weapon), and you must take this fact into consideration when planning your formation.Chest-opening with in-game money is pretty exciting and getting good weapons of unique and legendary ranks would be very helpful in early and middle game.After you beat the game for the first time, i.e. killed the boss in stage 40, the game becomes a little tedious. Although the stages at the two higher difficulty levels are quite challenging in terms of the understanding of the enemies and your soldiers, the expert levels are mostly excessively long and boring. There are also minor problems in the game system, for example, the choice of target of your soldier is always confusing and there's no way to configure it manually, and sometimes enemy units may collide with each other and deviating one of them from the path they are supposed to take. Finally, the achievements are quite grindy, especially the one for killing 500 thousand of aliens. At the point when I got all the other achievemnens, only 160k are shot, so I gave up on that one.Overall, Alien Shooter TD is an average tower defense game. If you like this series or you are a fun of TD games, it is worthy. Otherwise, wait for a discount."
76561198005582955,Recommended,541230,33802337,Posted: 25 July,all,purplepoodle,"One of the better TD games I've played in a very long time. Great music, gameplay, difficulty curve, matches don't last too long but are long enough to be satisfying. I like the weapon/loot/upgrade system and the level design and rocking music all leave me wanting more. I highly recommend this and hope they will make some content dlc or a sequel in the near future."
76561198277247864,Recommended,541230,29534175,Posted: 27 January,all,Flameheart,Make AS3 already we waited 10 years cant wait another 10
,Recommended,541230,34190704,Posted: 12 August,all,Apoc,"Very good game, If you like fantastic weapons, tower defense games and Alien Shooter series, buy this game.Great work to Sigma Corp."
76561198007905021,Recommended,541230,29530112,Posted: 27 January,all,MaG3Stican,I LOVE PRE RENDERED 2D GRAPHICS!
,Recommended,541230,29281589,Posted: 15 January,all,Jabroni Binyot,"A new shooter game from sigma team! Its been a while. But they are back with a new and fun game, surprisingly a Tower defense game!Its quite a fun game. You dont really have towers, you have soldiers which you can equip with weapons. You can get the weapons in 2 ways, you do missions and earn in game currency, to buy crate's. Its very grindy and RNG related. You can get a good weapon that will carry you through a few levels. Or you can get nothing really usefull...Its also a unique approach to the ""towers"" you have ammunition. Normally your towers have infinite ammo, not in this game. That brings a quite interesting aspect to the game. You cant just spam soldiers, or equip them with the best weapon, because that will cost too much. Its not that bad that you have to constantly restart because you run out of money. In fact I have never been in that situation, ive always had a surpluss of money. It does get quite tedious on big maps though because you have to go back and forth reloading your soldiers. I wish they would add a auto reload button.You have a skill tree and you can level up your soldiers by spending money on them. You can also upgrade your weapons to make them stronger. But only up to three times.The most fun part of the game though is the actual fighting. If there is one thing that Sigma is good at, its blowing up hordes of aliens. And this game is no exception. You can have hundreds of aliens on screen and not drop a single frame! And its even more satisfying to see a missile fly into the middle of that horde and just see all the alien body's fly around!I can recommend this game IF you like tower defense and grindy games. Beacuse you do have to grind a bit for the weapons, and skills. And ofcourse you have differnt difficulties so you can go back to previous missions to try it on harder difficulties. Once you completed hard mode, you unlock an Expert mode which is like a super assault, more enemies and they are even tougher then before!"
,Recommended,541230,31165885,Posted: 15 April,all,TnB | j0maK,"One of the best TDs ever. Great progression, nice RPG elements, no BS microtransactions, worth every $."
76561197976328269,Recommended,541230,29301592,Posted: 16 January,all,Zeratchi,"Overall a good game as any from the Sigma team.Seems like a well balanced tower defence, though I do not feel that the shotgun unit (first) is worth the space it takes compared to the others in terms of firepower, range or firerate.Just to name a few good and bad things.Great things about the game:- Upgradable marines/towers, increasing overall stats.- When upgrading marines/towers you will get skill points which let you further increase the effectivness of the said marine/tower which ranged from damaged, range, ammo capacity etc.- Different kind of weapons for specific marine/tower which can change the effect of the weapon dramatically.- Different quality weapons, common, rare and legendary.- Weapon crates which you can buy, earn or find ingame.- Good size on the map with varying degrees of difficulty.Less great things about the game:- The following two negative things about the game was changed since last update (Nice work, Sigma)::As your marines attack you will have to click to reload (which also cost money) them otherwise they will not continue to attack. Would have been great if they added a ""overall"" kind of upgrade which actually does that for you. It would still cost money, but you would have less clicking needs.- You cannot use asdw/keyboard to move around the map, you have to use the mouse."
,Recommended,541230,31065322,Posted: 10 April,all,Wolf3D.exe,"This game played with me like a damn fiddle! Give my time back! GIVE MY LIFE BACK!As usual to Sigma Team, and following the John Carmack's philosophy, this game only offers gameplay. A gameplay seen in a lot of Tower Defense games, with no innovation, no risks, nothing more. But nothing less, it works great and is adictive like junk food.A lot of graphics and sounds were recycled from Alien Shooter (and I could swear that I heard some alien sounds in Dark Colony, a forgotten game from late '90), no story, no memorable music, no big effort. Only a great Skinner Box."
76561198037336320,Recommended,541230,29269815,Posted: 15 January,all,Privateer,Most fun I have had off my Honda.Best TD I have ever played.
76561198003008871,Recommended,541230,29288410,Posted: 15 January,all,Taserface,"LET THE BODIES HIT THE FLOOR! OMG THE BODIES, LET THE BODIES HIT THE FLOOR! BODIES Piled over my troops heads.Sigma has been hiding since 2007. nice to see em back in action. Sigma makes awesome games, they are just a bit short, but they are adding dlc in feb."
76561198166393357,Recommended,541230,33971933,Posted: 2 August,all,Death_Mule17,Its just too good!!
76561197963825268,Not Recommended,541230,35032491,Posted: 17 September,all,The Reference,"As of version 1.2.4, Alien Shooter TD is not particularly good...I actually don't know where to start, because there so much that is bad with this TD game.1. Map design is bad. Weird attack lines and angles.1a. Flying units, fast units, spawning units should be separated and mix should only occur when telling game to sendspawn early.2. Unit placement is bad, too constricted and sometimes the units won't fire because of some weird line of fire.3. Ammo for units should be cheaper than the initial cost of the upgrade.4. Big units need a buff, or reduce size to 2x2 like the other classes, or make placement slots more suited for big units. A4x4 square with a 3x3 unit is a total waste of space and firepower.5. Sending waves early should all the time be the players decision, not having to wait for the game to give you thepossibility, and if doing so, player should gain in-play currency to buy and upgrade units.6. The sell button for a unit should be placed differently.Use e.g. Desktop Tower Defense as a go-to example of a good TD game. Also, why not combine the dynamic gameplay of Alien Shooter / Zombie Shooter with Tower Defense. Or at least let units move between spaces, to keep in line with what the game is based upon.If things like this isn't ""fixed"", well .. I certainly hope for a Alien Shooter 3 rather than a Alien Shooter TD 2. Because Alien Shooter 2: Reloaded I have played a lot and recommended to a lot of people. This TD game, I will not recommend.At least the game is stable, that's positive.. just like the other Sigma Team games, all pretty stable. I really hope there will be updates later on that makes this game a bit more enjoyable, as much as I love the other Alien/Zombie Shooter games."
76561197981509707,Recommended,541230,34926113,Posted: 13 September,all,DMF,"Simply, a bit stupid, a lot of grinding - and some fun! 6.5/10"
76561198048262077,Recommended,541230,29567266,Posted: 29 January,all,ae.eduard,"super cool game,"
76561198274665867,Recommended,541230,31662931,Posted: 10 May,all,jirapat119,Good gameI unlocked all achievement except one that count 500000 alien kill too boring
,Recommended,541230,29245373,Posted: 14 January,all,- Abby Sciuto,"It's a pretty good game, even as a mobile port, a classic Sigma Team style game really, not a great deal to say about it if you've played any of their other games, mostly Alien Shooter 2, there's a couple of options the game could do with though, like target priority, furthest enemy, nearest enemy, 1st enemy, last enemy and any target, as it stands there's just the one option at the moment and that's to click on an enemy or object you want your soldiers to prioritise in shooting.If you like Sigma Team's other games and you like TD games, then this is pretty good, even has some Endless modes every 5 levels you complete which is nice.I still think the turret defense in Alien Shooter 2 is a great gamemode though and should get it's own game with more options."
,Not Recommended,541230,29424308,Posted: 22 January,all,Battletoad,Game ends in the middle of the map.DLS is coming.
