user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197993863515,Recommended,541210,32228727,Posted: 6 June,all,Pielstick,"First of all we need to establish what Cold Waters is and more importantly what it is not.Cold Waters is a remake of the 1980's Microprose game Red Storm Rising, based on the Tom Clancy novel of the same name. It's a submarine game set in a ""Cold War gone hot"" scenario.It is *not* Dangerous Waters or any of the other Sonalysts submarine sims. Nor is it meant to be. The different crew stations are not represented.Cold Waters places you in the role of the submarine commander, *not* the sonar operator, *not* the weapons officer nor does it put you working out TMA and firing solutions. The UI is a basic 2D map showing your submarine and other contacts. The contacts shown are based on the best solution available given the sensors in use. If you are just using passive sonar the solution won't be great until you've taken the time to build up a good solution by changing course and letting the AI classify the contact and work out its speed. You can help out the AI by selecting a contact as your active contact (i.e. telling it to focus more on building a solution for that contact) and by manually cycling through the narrowband signatures and selecting the one you think it is. If you're right the solution will firm up faster than if you just let the AI do it. If you're wrong the solution will take longer and be less accurate. If you head up to periscope depth and visually mark a surface contact the classification and firing solution will be pretty much spot on straight away. If you just use your ESM mast you'll get a bearing only solution. You can use your radar mast, but the Soviets will pick up your radar transmissions and at a much greater range than you'll get a return. Oh yeah, your periscope... has a basic ESM indicator to give you an idea if Vasiliy in the Tu-95 has just picked up your periscope on his radar.Navigating the sub is by WASD to set speed, rudder and dive plane angles, and you can also adjust the ballast tanks. It's not great but hopefully the developers will add a function to allow the user to set course, depth and speed directly (like in Dangerous Waters and Silent Hunter). The current controls are not ideal, but they are workable and in my opinion are better when taking evasive action to dodge torpedoes.Weapons are fairly straightforward and very easy to get to grips with if you are a sub sim fan. Torpedoes can be set to active or passive, you can set them to run shallow, normal or deep, you can set the direction of the search pattern and give them a waypoint when to go active. Wire guidance is simulated so you can steer the torpedo or change its depth, activate it... as long as the wire is intact. Yes it models wire breakage.Harpoons and TASMs are pretty simple. You can set the waypoint you want them to start searching for a radar target. You can set narrow or wide radar search pattern. You can also set them for a sea skimming or pop up terminal profile. The Soviets will really let rip with their CIWS so don't expect a lone UGM-84 to do much against a Kirov.The sonar model seems to be quite in depth, most of the reviewers here criticising it are doing so because they haven't read the manual, don't see a waterfall display and think ""Muh, arcade game"". Killerfish have modelled sonar performance and environmental effects, it's just the AI interprets it all and presents you with its interpretation on the 2D display instead of having the user mark contacts on the broadband waterfall, classify them on the narrowband and work out turns per knot, etc. Acoustic layers, convergence zones, surface ducts... it's all there. Killerfish actually said in the game previews they were putting a lot of effort into the sonar/environmental modelling. Lots of people are asking about the towed array. Apparently it *is* modelled, but you can't stream or retrieve it manually, and you can't actually see it in the 3D graphics.Yes cavitation is modelled and yes you can create a knuckle to spoof a torpedo. You can rig for silent running and this means you can't reload weapons. Torpedoes can jam in the tube if you try to launch them at high speeds, rendering the tube unservicable until you return to port.Damage control is of course very simplified. You just tell the repair party what to fix. The manual does say that flooding gets harder to deal with the deeper you are, and I've noticed if your submarine is flooding it does effect the bouyancy and you need to blow ballast or use the dive planes to compensate.Playable subs are all the USN SSNs from the Skipjack through to the Los Angeles class. All your favourite old Soviet subs and surface units are there - Alfas, Deltas, Novembers, Victors, diesels like the Whiskey and Tango, the SSGNs like the Charlie and Oscar. Surface units are fairly comprehensive too including Karas, Udaloys, Moskvas, Kirovs, etc. Aerial units include Bears and Helix (I think there are Mays too but I haven't seen any yet).The AI seems to take pretty sensible torpedo evasion manoeuvres and uses noisemakers. Once the Soviets have located your sub they pretty much spam torpedoes, depth charges and rockets at you so things get pretty interesting.Two campaigns included, both are dynamic, one set in 1984 and one set in 1967. The campaign map is pretty much straight out of the 1988 game. You ""drive"" your sub around the map where you will see enemy surface and sub surface contacts as they are detected by satellite, maritime patrol aircraft or SOSUS (contrary to what another review here says, SOSUS is present and modelled in the campaign map). Bear in mind the Soviets also have satellites and maritime patrol aircraft, if they detect you then they will vector ASW assets to your location. You can drive around at normal speed, which is deep @ 25 knots. This will mean your sonar performance is degraded, you are easier to detect and once you make contact you're likely to be much closer to the enemy. You can drive around at slower speed shallow @ 10 knots which gives you a better detection range and you will start engagements further from the enemy. This isn't so great when you're chasing down a surface group though. Finally you can sit still on the map, shallow at 5 knots, have the best detection range and start the engagement at the longest range. Note that there doesn't appear to be any NATO units in the game, so you never see friendly units, only Soviets and maybe some biologicals. Campaign missions I've had so far are stuff like intercepting Soviet SSKs inserting special forces behind NATO lines, inserting SEALs behind Soviet lines, intercepting amphibious task groups, intercepting diesel or cruise missile submarine wolf packs, interdicting submarine replenishment tenders. There will be other Soviet units going about their business on the campaign map and you could very well run into these. The campaign is semi dynamic, fail missions and the Soviets win WW3, do well and NATO wins. The campaign is pretty brutal. You will die a lot.As far as technical problems go, I've come across a couple. I've had the game freeze on me after I abandoned ship, was rescued and assigned to another sub. I've had another campaign mission where I sank a Victor but it didn't ""die"" and was sitting there immobile on the bottom but I couldn't exit the mission because the game still thought there were enemy vessels nearby (I'm pretty sure there wasn't).The developers have said they are considering adding period British and French submarines for the player to control as well. Swiftsure, anyone?If you want a ""new"" Dangerous Waters then this is not it. This is not a Sonalysts submarine simulator. If you buy Cold Waters expecting it to be all broadband waterfall displays and TMA calculations then you're going to be disappointed. If you want a submarine *command* simulator set in the Cold War, or you remember the fantastic old Microprose classic and want a modern remake that is incredibly faithful to the original then Cold Waters comes highly recommended."
76561198221153332,Recommended,541210,32279383,Posted: 8 June,all,josephgirone,"After playing Cold Waters for only 8 hours, I thought I'd offer a few quick comments.  The graphics are awesome.  The game works beautifully.  That being said, I have to shake my head at a few things.First, I was in the Navy during the 80's.  I know about Sonar & Oceanographic conditions.  Unless you're very close, a submarine is almost impossible to detect by a surface ship (passively OR actively)  if it's under a strong or moderate layer.  Not in this game though.  Even in the 80's the Los Angeles Class Attack Subs were quiet as tombs.  If they didn't want you to know they were there, you didn't know.Also, while I've always had respect for my Soviet ""Adversaries,"" I can assure you that they were never as good in real life as they are in this game.  Even at the easy level, the Soviets are routinely kicking my butt.  And there seems to be no logical reason why I've been detected.  It feels like the game just decides to attack you whenever it feels like it.  I like simulation games but I like realism, too.  And a lot about the game just ""feels"" unrealistic.Not sure if I'd recommend, but here's some advice.  Get good at evading torpedos.  You'll need to be.  And don't forget, Evade in three dimensions.  Turn and change depth at the same time.  Torpedos have a wide left/right field of view, but it's much narrower up and down.Good luck."
76561197970506758,Recommended,541210,32660592,Posted: 22 June,all,Reverend Jones,"Amazing title that dropped like a depth charge out of nowhere!The balance between hardcore sim and ""Hunt for Red October-Simulator"" is PERFECT.A few days ago I had cleared out 6 warships, banged up from depth charges and 3 flooded compartents I was limping to the edge of the map to extract, no contacts, crusing ahead standard at 800 feet. Something didn't quite feel right and I decided to ""clear my baffles"" (submariner term to check behind you since there's essentially a 60 degree blindspot behind you because your motor/propeller makes too much noise).I swing around to find a November class Soviet attack sub 2,000 yards behind me who's been stalking me at low speed to get the perfect shot. Knowing he's spotted he fires a torpedo right at me as my sonar starts pinging loudly at a quickening pace (the faster the ping the closer the torpedo.)Actual sweat forms on my forehead as I quickly devise a firing solution and let a weapon of my own loose in the water.I drop a noisemaker with Shift+D and immediately blow emergency ballast followed by full rise on the planes. I watch as the enemy torpedo misses my rudder by literal inches as I quickly ascend upward. Halfway up at around 400 feet I watch the now rattled November class take my torpedo to his port side and blow up instantly from the pressure changes at his depth.I literally performed a movie-worthy Crazy Ivan manuever, all of it transpired in less than 20 seconds and the adrenaline was oh so real. All of it was completely dynamic because the AI is outright vicious in this game. On harder difficulties you WILL channel your inner Gene Hackman or you will die in the murky depths below along with your entire crew.(Soviet anti-submarine warfare Helos and Bear bombers will hunt you to extinction)This truly is a worthy spiritual successor to MicroProse' Red Storm Rising back in the ancient days of 1988, with a fully dynamic, long campaign that reacts and morphs with your performance, culminating with either defeat or victory in the bigger picture conflict that you're just a small part of, just like in the real Cold (hot in this case) War. The fact that you see land battalions and surveillance aircraft fight it out over a Northern European map that responds to what you've done makes it feel very real. They even have generated news headlines that take into account your success/failure/partial success the day before. Everything matters and the stakes are high as WW3 without nukes is in full swing.The small development team deserves support and are quick to respond to bugs, tweaks and suggestions.Multiplayer  is coming at some point and I for one cannot wait to sit in silence sonar pinging freshbloods storming through shallow waters at 25 knots, just waiting to be picked off.Couple this with upcoming Soviet campaigns and NATO forces modelled in-game and you've got a bright future for this title.At first I thought the price was steep but after playing it for 12 hours I can see the effort and detail that went into this game, the sound modelling alone is next level, and with great graphics immersing you as you skirt below an iceberg off the coast of Greenland to hunt nuclear subs, the whole package proves itself to be worth every cent.Finally, let's not forget the excellent soundtrack, which, while only containing a few songs, perfectly understands what type of music should accompany modern submarine warfare. It's straight out of Crimson Tide, but with its own style.If you have even a passing interest in naval, submarine or simulated warfare of any kind you owe it to yourself to pick up this gem.""Some things in here don't react well to bullets""."
76561198033187264,Recommended,541210,32857744,Posted: 27 June,all,Ananab,"Purchased this game originally as I played Atlantic Fleet and thought it would be similar.  How wrong could I be, but in a good way.   On the surface seems like a 'plug-n-play' arcade sim, but very quickly you realise it develops into a rather in depth tactical simulator.  The game play and actually how to play is not that easy to work out, but fortunately there is a very active community on youtube and twitch that provides endless tutorials.  In particular Jive Turkey is an ex-submariner and his tutorial videos and live streams are both informative and extremely entertaining.  Also The Mighty Jingles provides fun insights and between them I believe they have increased the player base massively.   I strongly recommend this game as long as you have a bit of patience and like to get involved with the community aswell.   There are plenty of mods for the game that it seems the developer looks at and actively takes on board the best ones as part of the game update.  Good job all round."
,Recommended,541210,32208279,Posted: 5 June,all,Belmont,"The game is a good mix between realism and ''fun''. Don't listen to :A- Elitists who thought this was a totally different game and are now complaining despite having received a refund.B-  Idiots who can't be asked to comprehend a simple tutorial and are callint it ''too hard''It's good looking, it's fun, it's running well.What the hell is wrong with you people.This is a niche genre and you are making it even more ''niche'' by giving bad reviews completly based on false informations/understanding of the product"
76561198073903985,Recommended,541210,33066948,Posted: 30 June,all,Pineapple Farm,Never have I had a game where a whale took a torpedo to save my life. 10/10 RIP Mr. Whale press F to pay respects
76561198006580457,Recommended,541210,32218179,Posted: 6 June,all,Kommissar Hedgehog,"I've been struggling with gaming for a while.Nothing feels new, nothing feels different.It's the same WW2 shooter or its the same this and that.I wasn't expecting much with Cold Waters. I'd played Atlantic Fleet and whilst enjoying it, I didn't feel like I'd enjoy a Cold War version, even if it was in real time.Blimey, was I mistaken.This is the first time in a year that a single player game had me this excited or tense. After a bitter learning curve, I'm getting the hang of the game and am having a blast. Naval wargaming had always been a tricky subject to do right, but this game nails it, with just the right amount of complexity and simplicity to get by.Anyone who wants a change from their normal gaming routine of shooter clones and the like, come to Cold Waters. Take you time, expect to die, but I've not played a game yet that makes me feel like a hunter like Cold Waters done.Thoroughly recommended."
76561197971262041,Recommended,541210,32234141,Posted: 7 June,all,subskipper,"So let get this out of the way immediately. This is not Dangerous Waters, Sub Command or Jane’s 688(i) Hunter/Killer. This is not a tech sim in sense that each station is meticulously researched and modelled and your job as the player is NOT about staring at the green sonar waterfall display until your eyes bleed. This is a much lower fidelity sim than the above-mentioned titles, focusing primarily on the command decisions a nuclear submarine captain would face. It is also a loving recreation of sorts of the classic Red Storm Rising, which is certainly no bad thing.As such, it is doing a marvelous job at keeping me entertained and challenged. The survivability of the boat rests on your shoulders as you advance through the campaign. WWIII has broken out and it is up to you to perform the various tasks command sends down the line to you. Convoys and Soviet subs roam the Atlantic and if you run into them the game takes you into battle mode where you get to test your tactical acumen against a sharp and ruthless AI. The auto-crew will handle sonar duty, TMA and weapons release while you focus on getting the boat into a firing position undetected. It is also up to you to device an evasion plan, because when that torp goes into the water, chances are you will be counter detected and attacked. Ruthlessly.Cold Waters is in my book much more adept at supplying that suspension of disbelief that the older and higher fidelity submarine simulators often lack in my opinion. They are great at technically reproducing the inner workings of a nuclear submarine, but this a whole different kettle of fish. This is war, and you are in command, and that feeling is very efficiently conveyed thanks to beautiful design, art and graphics. It also forces you to make interesting and risky decisions. Approaching enemy convoys, maneuvering into the baffles of two silent diesel subs, avoiding detection while dropping off a SEAL-team outside Archangelsk, all helps to create heaps of tension and suspense. It is a proper submarine experience in every sense of the word."
,Not Recommended,541210,32687078,Posted: 23 June,all,Pokelightian,"To those that are thinking of purchasing Cold Waters: honestly I have to say, don't get this game yet. As of now (June 23rd, post-1.04b patch) there's not much in the game to warrant $40. The game contains a 1984 campaign mode; a 1968 campaign that is identical to the '84 one, but with fewer vessel classes available to choose from, shorter engagement ranges, and dumbfire torpedoes; and about 10 single missions with varying degrees of difficulty.Some of the single missions are also clones of the campaign missions so that further reduces the games replayability. I've only logged a mere 14 hours into the game and completed the '84 campaign twice, a handful of the single missions that I found interesting, and started on the '68 campaign. I personally do not find the '68 campaign to be enjoyable due to the regular failure of Mk. 17 guided torpedoes, and the need for constant resupply trips back to your home port. There are a couple of annoying bugs that I'm sure we'll see in the game for a breif period of time, but I am also sure they will be patched out since the devs of Cold Waters are actually pretty decent. Overall a nice game, but definitely not worth $40 until more/new content is added. Will update as more content is released."
76561197975490778,Recommended,541210,32347415,Posted: 11 June,all,JiveTurkey=VX9=,"Red Storm Rising 2017This game is easy to get started. You'll be hunting Soviet era ships and subs in minutes.Subs have WASD driving. Single click weapon control. Realistic environmental modeling.40 ships and subs are meticulously modeled.  It has limitless replay value due to the wide variety of encounters.The campaign is dynamic and the map is huge stretching from the North Atlantic to the Barents Sea.The audio is spot on. Wear headphones and you will hear what submarine sonarmen hear.Killerfish is very active in the community and released 2 patches within the first week.Easy moding! Killerfish supports the mod community and has left step by step guides on how to create your own encounters, ships and even modify the capability of existing units. Mods were being published the day after release.If you want a submarine sim that doesn't require an engineering degree to enjoy, Cold Waters is for you."
,Recommended,541210,32567586,Posted: 19 June,all,Stalintc,"As a big fan of air and naval warfare simulation and strategy\tactical titles, I was naturally drawn to Cold Waters.I came to this from a DW\SH background like many others it seems. However I was under no illusion that this is a successor\replacement\copy, this is new title doing things it's own ways. Which is excellent, Coming to Cold Waters with any assumption that this replaces ""Insert your favorite subsim here"" will probably lead to disappointment. An open mind is needed blinkered to the past as much as possible and you can see CW for the little masterpiece that it is.The control system is intuitive, the game really puts you in the ""Captain of the boat"" situation where the crew will be doing all of the work, such as TMA, weapons procedures, Sensor processing. But leaving some of the fun stuff for you to play with such as actually being able to steer the boat, ordering the firing of weapons and classifying contacts.I have heard some remarks about the number of keyboard shortcuts being a negative point. While I possibly could have agreed from the start, I actually find that now I know the keyboard layout, I accomplish more faster when situations are tight.With that still in mind though, I have been extremely impressed with the open minded way which the developers have approached the product since release, the community has been actively listened too, adjustments are being made very quickly along with fixes to reported bugs. The most excellent example of the this is the call for the ability to order course and speed changes using a UI as opposed to key presses. The developers have listened and are now implementing a helm for orders to be given to the crew, while retaining the excellent more granular dive plan and rudder controls for those torpedo evasion manuvers, which would be almost impossible to command with the helm control alone.The complexity level of the simulation in the background is obviously very comprehensive with lots of detail in the AI doctrine, sonar modelling, weapon modelling, damage modelling etc. The game is VERY accessable, easy to pick up and start playing. But learning the tactics and procedures to be effective is difficult if you have never been exposed to this before, instead of getting frustrated though, get in touch with the community either on Steam or Subsim and you will normally get a helpful response. I also highly recommend watching Cold Waters YouTube videos made by Jive Turkeyhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9bMgCQyFNaMPsK9GtzM5dQThe game comes with two campaigns, one in 1968 and one in 1984. This is a great way to present game content as each campaign required you to behave totally differently to the other. In the 1968 campaign it is still the era of the straight running torpedo for the US side and the need for, getting close, making torpedo spreads and accurate solutions are a must. Whereas the 1984 campaign has more guided long range ordenance, requiring a totally different set of tactics to get kills and to survive.The campaigns are dynamic in the way that they work with a heavy layer of abstraction built it. The player follows along with the war effort completing the assigned missions, which will add weighting to the overall outcome. Each different missions type is weighted to how much effect it has on the war. Dropping Spec Ops teams to the coast, or firing a cruise missile salvo will have a lasting effect on the operations of the bases they are made against.You will need to manage your stores as you progress through the campaign, picking the right moment to return to port. attacking everything on the map which moves will either.a) Get you killed by attracting too much attentionb) Prevent you from achieving your objectives with low stocksDon't expect to win every scenario, it is a war and unachievable objectives or timelines may be presented due to ammunition levels or distance from the target. I think this is actually pretty nice and allows the campaign to continue with the notion that no-one can be perfect.I have not personally played through the single missions, so I cannot comment here, but there are 10 of them and I have not heard much in the way of negative feedback for them.The tutorials were good, it is VERY important though that you read the notes on the notepad dialogue in the screen, as these contain the neccessary information to learn from.The manual is included in game with a press of SHIFT-F1 which is a very useful addition. The manual contains some really useful tactical information relating to the topics it is discussing and well worth a read through before getting too stuck in.In terms of mod making, there is a large swaith of files open to editing covering sensor modelling, weapons, ships\subs\aircraft, missions, campaigns etc etc etc. It is nice to see that some good attempts have been made and producing some good mods.I myself have delved into the mission editing part and while at first the editing a mission with notepad++ seemed like a let down... Actually it is really easy to create a mission VERY quickly. I have already created and published three new mission myself. Now working on a new campaign for the 1985 timeline and I am overwhelemed by the number of things you can change and personalise, it is like having a bottomless toybox to play with!! And yes again Notepad++ for the campaigns, but it is very easy to do.I have seen talk of mission\campaign editors being created, so I suggest to watch this space.Current DLC on the horizon appears to be opening up the Soviet submarines for play with their own campaign. Which will of course mean more NATO units!This review may come across as a bit ""Fanboi""..... But I am actually quite hard to please and very rarely write a review of anything. I am so pleased with this game and direction it is going in, that I felt compelled to do so.Anyway, thanks if you have read to this point ;-) and I hope it helps you make your decision."
,Recommended,541210,32300783,Posted: 9 June,all,Mordakai,"The year is 1984. The soviets have created a time machine and stolen sonarbouy technology from the year 2046. Using what little money they had left they trained a crack battalion of ASW pilots capable of instantly finding submarines as soon as they raise their ESM masts or fire a missile. Armed with an seemingly unlimited supply of torpedoes they fly over every ship in the Soviet Navy.Now you, as the solo suriving NATO ship, must stop the Soviet menace before it is too late! Work with...um command... as you single handly destroy the entire Soviet Navy that should've spent less money on time machines and more money on training Captains to evade torpedoes. Go weapons free and fire at every contact you detect immediately to blast your way throught the campaign because your captain's sixth sense knew it was going to be a bad guy anyway. Steer your torpedoes like a kamikaze pilot for pinpoint accuracy to bring the Soviet bear to its knees."
,Recommended,541210,32263195,Posted: 8 June,all,theCarthaginian,"I have played ""Red Storm Rising"" since you started it with a dos prompt. I still have it... and by 'it' I mean the actual 3.5"" disk. It wasn't a 'submarine simulation' like we got later on, a myriad of micromanagement options confounded by a million keybinds. It was a CAPTAIN SIMULATOR that put you in the control room barking commands, not at every individual station trying to crew the whole boat at once. It was more about managing information and making solid tactical choices rather than telling crew members when and in which bunk to sleep (looking at you SH3). It also captured Pact naval tactics very well at a time when the wrong person could get a ""9mm brain hemorrhage"" for talking too much about them.Cold Waters captures that perfectly from what I've seen so far. You are not expected to run from station to station, trying to crew the entire ship yourself. Your navigator keeps you updated on course and speed. You XO's fire control team works out your TMAs. Your sonarman will identify contacts. You are the 'Old Man'; your job is 'fight the boat' in such a way that you get it and a hundred-odd souls back to Holy Loch... while costing the US taxpayers a fortune in expended ordinance and as little as possible in repairs.It isn't nearly as easy as that statement makes it sound. The AI is good, and their equipment is better the later you take them on. You've got a decent advantage early on as far as sensors go; the Sovs are using equipment a generation behind you, and it shows. Especially for surface ships, their first warning is - like as not - when your weapons hit. They are, however, ruthless in prosecution and you might pay dearly for that kill. Later, you get a larger variety of weapons and decoys; on the other hand, the Sovs start getting better technology into their fleet and they are much harder to spoof. Soviet subs are also a boogaboo, especially some of the easy-to-underestimate late-game SS's. Nukes make noise (especially the Alfa, it's as quiet as a Mardi Gras parade). They have pumps, turbines, etc. A Tango milling about at steerageway is the antithesis of noise, and a Kilo doing the same is literally 'a hole in the water.' It would be a shame to die to a cheap commie diesel boat - so get ready, because you WILL be ashamed of yourself... probably several times.This game is worth it at full price - especially if they make it highly moddable. Workshop content in this game has the potential to make it into a virtual masterpiece of naval wargaming, simulating every post-WWII submarine class on earth.Also, the Devs have mentioned the possibility of a Sov campaign... so here's to sneaking up on NATO convoys in a Tango, or trying to creap up on the US coast in a Juliett to park a nuke on top some imperiallsts!"
,Recommended,541210,32489878,Posted: 16 June,all,Oversoul,"Bottom line up front: ""Cold Waters"" is the hot running spiritual successor to Clancy's 688i.  Caveats: I am a diggity a**hole who could stare at these rendered boats slicing through the depths for an hour.But it's not Dangerous Waters, in the sense that you move about the boat and take control over the various watch stations such as sonar waterfall displays, fire control plot or TMA, the radar scope and so on. You are the submarine commander, and the aforementioned stations are somewhat condensed into a 3D representation of your boat, the enemy, weapons, etc. Using this 3D model and a tactical map, you attempt to accomplish various missions doled out by HQ or random enctounters in two dynamic campaigns, or single missions.That said, the game does not scrimp on acoustic properties of sea water; depth is modeled and there are layers and ducts you can use to your advantage.  Towed arrays are modeled and can improve your solutions, but are not actually rendered in game and are invisible.  One campaign takes place in 1984 with the 688 Los Angeles class available, another takes place in 1968.The $40 price tag seems appropriate for this title. NATO ships are not modeled aside from your boat, and the missions take place on a somewhat limited theater from England to Murmansk.I had to turn it down to easy to survive much less win one of the campaigns finally, so you will be challenged. I have not yet tried the game on elite; on normal difficulty I was routinely blasted out of the water.The game is moddable, and some mods exist for 688 Flight II and III with VLS, improved sensors, and improved anechoic coating. Another mod lets you play Russian boats, including the incredibly fast (and noisy) Alfa.I highly recommend this title; it should be the next addition to collectors of serious simulation games, and on the easiest settings, it is also accessible to nubs and non-quals.I also recommend this thorough review from Neal Stevens atsubsim.com,http://www.subsim.com/ssr/cold_waters/review_cold_waters.php"
76561197965371510,Recommended,541210,33380243,Posted: 8 July,all,ETR3(SS),"As a former submariner I'm impressed with this game. Cold War submarines can be a difficult task to tackle, twice as hard when you model the USN. It's not what you would consider a hardcore sim and in that sense can appeal to a broader audience. The developers decision to allow modding to their game is a huge plus, and the mods are flowing out already. There are a couple of things that bother me, but I also understand limitations of the game engine along with having to use open source intel for their information. Bottom line, even at $40 USD (which IMHO is reasonable given some of the stuff that comes out at $60 USD and is garbage) the game is well worth it."
,Recommended,541210,34199543,Posted: 12 August,all,Kleatus :V,"Difficulty: RealisticCrashed my sub into the sea floor while playing commie torpedo dodgeball in 200 ft. of water, but not before my target was sunk by his escorts torpedo who was then sunk by one of mine. Mission accomplished. Abandoned ship, got picked up, lived to fight another day but the navy doesn't trust me with their new subs anymore and now I'm commanding a refitted Permit class. I still have my silver star to remember her though... RIP USS Indianapolis.10/10 would skipper again."
,Recommended,541210,33044903,Posted: 30 June,all,Variable,"Great entry game for modern subs. It focusses on the tactical aspect rather than operating the different stations of the sub. It lets you be the sub commander rather than all the submarine operators.It's a modern sub game on speeds, the engagements are fun, the graphics are wonderful, the controls are rather few and easy to remember.Tactically, there are some misrepresentations of how sensors work in real life, like ESM, but the compromises are reasonable to keep the gameplay simple.Once you master the controls and the logics of stealth and detection, the game is really satisfying. If you have any interest in modern submarine warfare, make sure to get this game."
76561197994157798,Recommended,541210,32402534,Posted: 13 June,all,SlippyJunk,"This game is worth investing into if you're a fan of submarine action games.  At first I didn't like it because there's a steep learning curve and almost no resources online (eg. wikia).  I also didn't like it at first because there isn't a lot of help from ingame sources (the tutorial basically makes you a danger to yourself as well as other ships, but a necessity to understand the game), but if you look through the forums for the questions you have you'll be good.You will be sunk, you will die, you will curse at your monitor, you will hate yourself for buying this game.  But once you figure it out, (Took me about 5 days of playing) you will be god of the sea.  You will sink every ship, avoid every aircraft, evade every sub attack, and be a one man wrecking crew.This game is still in its early states and does have some bugs, but the devs are really good and respond to the forums.  As I understand its a small crew too, but they care actively developing the game.  My one piece of advice on the campaign is save every time you have a successful encounter.So far this game is about a 7/10 but if its fully developed to its capacity it will easily be a 10/10."
,Recommended,541210,33636286,Posted: 18 July,all,Firefly,"As a long-time sub player I was really looking forward to this. Although my experience with Cold Waters has generally been positive, I do have a few reservations. Bear in mind I'm writing this in mid-July 2017, by the time you read this most of the problems listed might be done away with. The devs do appear to be listening to player feedback intently, which makes me hopeful for the future.Tl;dr - it's a good game with some serious flaws, get it when it's on sale and after it's been patched with an improved campaign.The Pros:- Setting. The 1984 campaign is perfectly placed time-wise, as it offers a great diversity of subs, lots of opponents that range from easy peasy to terrifying and it gives a good glimpse of modern submarine tactics. It's also a very interesting historical period in terms of East-West relations. Haven't tried the '68 campaign yet so can't comment on that.- Immersion. It's been a while since I've had a thrill like this in a sub game. Dodging homing torpedoes that are mere feet away from your ship can give you goosebumps on more than one occasion. Also... Those blasted ASW helicopters!- Balance. You can enjoy all the game's features while playing at a relatively low difficulty setting. I found the Realistic setting to be exactly to my liking, as it gives equally as many hair-rasing moments as it does easy kills. I've jumped entire wolfpacks of enemy subs and was jumped myself by a lone SSN on more than one occasion, with a desperate torpedo dodge saving the day.The Cons:- Repetitive campaign. After a while you discover the campaign has 5 basic mission types - intercept a submarine (or a wolfpack), intercept a resupply convoy, destroy an amphibious landing force, make a ballistic missile strike on a port, insert a special forces team into enemy territory. With the exception of a few random encounters along the way the campaign gets boring quite quickly, even if you rack up a lot of kills and get plenty of silverware pinned to your chest.- You never meet any allied ships. Every single vessel you find is a Soviet one. Forget about allies or neutral ships, all you have is targets. While that's a positive thing for some I find it to be a negative, as it gives a feel of a Soviet zombie infestation and not a massive campaign with hundreds of units on both sides.- Mission design and orders from HQ, which can be infuriating at times. There seems to be little correlation between your conduct in the war and missions received, not to mention the advances made by each side. Inserting a SEAL team into Murmansk doesn't make much sense when the war is practically won. As of mid-July 2017 this, along with the repetitive campaign, are by far the biggest cons of this game.To give you an example of all the game's problems in one paragraph, here's a description of a mission I had today.I'm at the helm of USS Narwhal, SSN-671. I've just returned from a successful TLAM strike on Arkhangelsk. I'm low on torps and have a damaged torpedo tube from a hairy encounter with two Soviet SSNs in shallow waters, leaving me with a total of 3 working tubes. I get orders to intercept some LSTs heading to Narvik. Once I get my initial contacts the whole enemy escort comes my way and forces me to retaliate. I sink them all (2x DDG, 2x FFG iirc) but I'm left with no torps so I can't sink the LSTs. 'They're probably going to get sunk anyway, they don't have any armed escort', I thought to myself. Well, I was wrong. Apparently four unarmed and unarmoured LSTs can just waltz into Narvik unopposed and take it by storm... And NATO HQ has known about this operation for days! Don't they have aircraft with anti-ship missiles and other subs in the area? Anyway, I'm ordered back to port to resupply (so they must've known about my torpedo situation beforehand) and I'm told to... Attack an amphibious landing group heading to Narvik. Yup, the very same. REALLY? I need to stay in port to repair my broken no. 4 tube, it takes 32 hours to do so. In the meantime I'm informed my mission has failed because I failed to intercept the convoy in time. GUYS, SERIOUSLY? IS NARWHAL THE ONLY SSN IN THE WHOLE BLOODY REGION? Shouldn't you give me orders AFTER the necessary repairs have been made? I then get orders to make my third SEAL team insertion into Arkhangelsk. You'd think thought the Russians would be better prepared for my arrival this time, but I won't bother checking. At that point I quit the game and took a break.What can be done to turn Cold Waters from a case of flawed genius into a brilliant little independent game:- Bring the price down. For the current features it offers the 37€ price tag is just too high. I only bought this because I was excited for it. I wouldn't recommend it to a friend who's new to the genre, not without a sale on anyway.- More mission types. It's not a good sign when you find after a mere 20 hours that the campaign can get very repetitive.- Add allied and neutral ships, both in mission and in off-screen events. If it wasn't for the HQ messaging you from time to time you'd think you were the only NATO sailor in the North Sea area. There's no news of successes of your brothers in arms and you feel like you're the guy who carries the entire NATO naval operation on your back.- More campaigns and ships. Having no British ships to choose from feels odd in a game that primarily takes place in and around the North Sea. The Churchill, Swiftsure and Trafalgar-class subs are all there for the taking, with plenty of data readily available. A Soviet campaign would be great too, driving a Victor III or a Sierra-class armed to the teeth with USET-80 torpedoes would be a lot of fun. Modders have done that within a month of the game being released, within limits of course. Why can't the base game have that too?- Interface changes. Having a hotkey for periscope depth and a slider for automatically guiding your sub to a set depth would make for simple yet great quality of gameplay improvements.- A better tutorial. If it wasn't for me watching countless YouTube videos before buying the game I would've died many more times than I did.All in all it's a fun little game, but for now I'll put it on the back burner to see what the devs and modders can come up with in the coming months."
76561198048422024,Recommended,541210,32605989,Posted: 20 June,all,Fuzinator,"I was 13 years old when RSR came out and spent many many hundreds of hours perfecting my tonnage records in the dynamic campaign.  I don't even know where to begin explaining how long of a wait it has been, but today you made this 40 year old happy.  Thank you to the development team, keep up the good work.  I do miss the cardboard keyboard overlay of the original, but it has been a long time since PC games were designed around more than 10 buttons.  This game will teach you to be patient,  try to enjoy the pace.  I can only hope that the NATO forces will be modeled eventually, and added to the complexity of the dynamic campaign."
76561198118312894,Recommended,541210,32230324,Posted: 6 June,all,A_Spit_Fire,"Yeah, okay - I only have a few hours logged - but I am a COMPLETE submarine nerd, and I'm not afraid to admit that. I'm proud of it. Anyway, this game is GOOD. It has it's quirks, but, it just got released - It still has a few patches to go through. Anyway, here's the lil' list:Pros-Realistic-fun mix. It's not too plexing, but is also realistic enough for people like me to appreciate it.-Variety. A large variety of ways to hunt or avoid being HUNTED, and not to mention a large roster of ships.-Sound & Graphics. It's really good, I love hearing my torpedo hit that enemy Typhoon, or the chilling sound of sonar tracking me, not to say the graphics to watch the ship blow up.-2 Campaigns. A more small mark, but it can be nice for a better challenge once you beat the more modern campaign in 1983 to a hard campaign in 1963.-Plenty more I can't even list.Cons-Nothing really, except just a few bugs here and there.[By the way, the Hunt for Red October (both book & movie) is my favorite book & movie of all time!]TL;DR Perfect game without nearly any bad things except bugs.10/10."
76561198036098640,Recommended,541210,32209993,Posted: 5 June,all,Chesty Puller,"A post WW2 submarine game many of us have been waiting for! The game is simpler than 688i, Silent Hunter, Dangerous Waters, or Command Modern Air Naval Operations. I think it manages a good balance between fun and realism.Gameplay-The game plays out as a small scale tactical game. The player assumes command of an individual SUB and seeks to engage maritime and land targets. Movement like rudder, diveplanes, and ballast are controlled by the WASD keys. Some skill is needed to set the diveplanes and ballast to make desired depth and course corrections. Be careful to level out or else you'll broach the surface!! The weapons are all modelled true to life. Wire guided torpedoes can take human inputs or they can find targets of their own. Cruise missiles launch themselves out of the water then skim at high speeds over the ocean. Weapon employment is very easy and is as simple as setting a waypoint for the missile to go on the 2D map. Damage control and reloading are also very simple and similiar to Silent Hunter. The player assigns damage control to various comparments.The game also has an added component of sound modelling and sound signatures. The crew automatically identifies targets as the submarine moves closer to the target but the player can manually identify targets by matching frequency bands to known frequencies of Soviet ships. Much like you would on a real submarine! The manual explains underwater acoustics fairly well and water temperature, pressure, and wave bending are all explained and modelled. May be the most detailed I've seen underwater acoustics modelled in any game.The game comes packed with around 7 tutorial missions, single player missions, and dynamic campaigns. The tutorials are text based and allow you to go at your own pace as you process the information at your own speed. The game is missing multiplayer but the devs have stated they may implement it at a later date.Graphics-The graphics are quite good and comparable to Silent Hunter 4 or 5. The waves reflect and behave realistically, explosions are bright and contrast water, smoke belches and looks black and menancing against the horizon. The unit detail is very nice and you can make out individual bolts, lifeboats, guns, and other details on the ships. It's a joy to zoom in and see the detail of all of these Cold War era units.Audio-The audio is very very nice. The music sounds like something out of a Tom Clancy film or game. Serious with a tone of grandeur. The active sonar pings are very eerie and atmospheric. Explosions, gunfire, and missile motors all feel very impactful and appropriate. Kudos to the devs on their audio. One thing the game is desperately missing is crew voiceovers. Crucial information like depth passing and speed changes are all shown as text. Crew voiceovers would be much more immersive.Criticisms-The UI could use some improvement and hotkeys are desperately needed at the time of this games release. Many of the buttons lack labels and could use further explanation as to what they mean. It's tiring to go back and forth between the in game reference material and playing the game.-The WASD navigation could throw some people off. Some people are micromanagers while others may prefer to set a waypoint and have the sub automatically navigate there (which is something you can't do right now). Personally I like the WASD navigation as it imitates what an Officer of the Deck or Commanding Officer would have to do. That is giving orders to the helmsmen to make bearing, depth, and speed changes.-Lack of multiplayer is a bit glaring. In this day and age people like to play games with friends and a game that's missing multiplayer stands out. I'm really hoping the devs add this in as it would greatly enhance the game.Score8.5/10The game is very fun and enjoyable and a much needed and welcome throwback to naval sims of old. The game has some UI issues and is missing multiplayer but those issues can be improved on in the future. I think this game scratches the itch that people have for something that's more complex than a Jane's videogame and is less complex than something like Command Modern Air Naval Operations. The devs are EXTREMELY responsive and I believe they'll give this game support for years to come. The game will feature moddability and I'm excited to see what the community can produce. Games like these often hit their golden years way after they were released."
,Recommended,541210,32216150,Posted: 6 June,all,Dragunovka,"Well, it's my first night on this platform. As a self-proclaimed master of Dangerous Waters, Silent Hunter, and the likes, I can say with all certainty that this game deserves my money.The UI takes a bit of getting used to, and although it may not be as in depth or realistically modelled to the precision point as DW: RWX, it by far makes up for it in intense gameplay and amazing graphics. All we need now is some time and some mods.The menu layout (and even certain parts of the soundtrack) will make any SH fan gush, undoubtedly. This is perhaps the ultimate combination of Silent Hunter and Dangerous waters, mashed into a semi-modern simulator with hours of replayability and a so-far amazing campaign (once again, when you figure out how to play it).As such, there is no question. If you enjoy immersive ASW simulations (yes, thermal layers, active sonar reflectivity angles, and a decent damage control system are modelled), then this is the program for you.Don't hesitate, trust me, and throw your money at the developers. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,541210,32685201,Posted: 23 June,all,Hans,"+This game is not new dangerous waters but it not full arcade(easy) or full sim(hard), this game is center between full arcade and full simulator.+Spiritual Successor of red storm rising 1988.+have two dynamic campaign 1984 and 1968.+have a ship reference and manual have enough stuff to learn from it and have a tutorial too.+I love the soundtracks.+support modding-I buy this since first day it have some annoying bug, But dev are list every bug to their top priority-current moment it have only NATO 1984,1968 campaign(but dev said they will make soviet campaign and 1990s campaign or even pacific campaign, That i will delete this when dev has release it)-for campaign sometime is really short and sometime is really long(now can solved it with campaign mod)Most importantThis review is from my opinion andi highly recommend to read review from subsimhttp://www.subsim.com/ssr/cold_waters/review_cold_waters.phpP.S. My english may be weird i very sorry for this"
,Recommended,541210,35076742,Posted: 19 September,all,Hara Surya,"When my best friend told me about this game he described it as an updated version of the 1986 Microprose game Red Storm Rising, which is exactly what it is. If a Commodore 64 could track play time like Steam you'd seen the teenager me with hundreds of hours split between that, Silent Service, Gunship and Project Stealth Fighter. (Those were they days, my friends...) So, I bought the game, largely sight-unseen, because of a handful of pre-release videos and the developer's state goal of exactly what I said above.First what this game is NOT: It is not a station-simulator like Janes 688i, Sub Command or Dangerous Water. Don't buy this if you want to play out fantasies (or recall the good-old-days) of the minutea of operating a sonar set on a nuclear submarine. This isn't an underwater Falcon 4.0.Nor is this Harpoon or Command: Modern Air-Naval Warfare. It is not a rigerous simulator of operational-level actions. You are not COMSUBLANT giving orders from on high to defeat the Soviets in the North Sea, you are more like Commander Daniel X. McCafferty of the USS Chicago hunting fleet oilers and Kirov task forces or firing Tomahawks at Soviet airstrips in the Kola Peninsula.This game is what I stayed up late playing in my teen years with a closed door and towel under the crack so my parents wouldn’t suspect. It is the game that at my 20th high school reunion classmates I hadn’t seen since I was 17yo recalled me playing. This is the game that got me into reading Tom Clancy, Larry Bond, Michael DiMercurio and playing the GDW tabletop games Harpoon and Twilight 2000. This is the game that I consumed gallons of Mello Yello at $0.49 per 20oz bottle playing. All of the fun of those memories, but with reasonably modern graphics and a decidedly better interface (as of the 1.07 patch).Like it's 1980s predecessor this game has non-player crewmen operate stations like sonar, torpedo control and ballast control while you concern yourself with tactics, weapon choice and employment and the decisions of command during combat. Like the older game the most useful screen is the map view and the 3d cinematic¬¬¬ is mostly for vanity’s sake. The updated UI allows more of a “giving orders” feel to the game and software like Voice Attack is compatible with many of the game commands if you want to play out your fantasies of standing on the bridge giving orders.There are two campaigns – one set in 1968 and another in 1984. I’ve only played a small amount of the 1984 setting, but the scope is about the same as the older game, but no more than that. Essentially, it is your single American boat against the Soviet Navy. There’s no support from other NATO units. The available US boats are the Skipjack, Permit, Sturgeon and Flight I Los Angeles-classes and a handful of sui generis testbed boats like the USS Narwhal. Though there’s been no announcements yet the developers has openly stated their intent to add friendly units, more campaigns and allow play as other NATO (and even Pact) members.Modding new ships and weapons and adjusting the values of existing units is trivially easy, they’re all plain text files, but the game engine’s middleware makes adding new 3D models virtually impossible. The developers have it on their long wishlist.Gameplay: 8/10This is essentially an improved remake of my second favorite games of all time. (My #1 favorite, the 1984 space sim Elite, already got its improved remake.) The game has a learning curve, but it’s not as bad as many of the pure-simulator games out there. It’s not quite an arcade game, but it’s a game first and simulator second. I’d compare its complexity and authenticity to Microprose and Janes simulators from the 1990s – complex enough to require reading the manual (and making real-world knowledge helpful), but simple enough to be approachable by interested laymen.The knocks are partly because the interface still feels incomplete and partly because there’s still some balance issues that need to get worked out. I’ve not played a huge amount and with the updated interface the controls aren’t terrible difficult to learn if you’re used to similar games, but even with the recent (1.07) updates there’s still a bit of bugginess.Graphics: 6/10Serviceable is the best way to describe them. They’re not bad, per se, but nor are they top of the line. Of course, this is also a good thing because it means I can play it on my Surface Pro 3, but it also means it doesn’t look astoundingly better on my high-end gaming desktop. Each enemy boat has a single (or a small number of) 3d models showing damage and objects like crates on the deck don’t fall off when a boat capsizes. I’d compared the graphics to a top-of-the-line game in 2001 or so, and with vehicle-oriented games that means they look pretty good until they get damaged and then the flaws in the simplicity start showing.Ignoring 3D, the game’s map and interface graphics are decent for getting the information required across. I could certain suggest improvements for information density and availability, but again, it’s serviceable.Sounds: 7/10I’ve never served on a nuclear sub, but the game at least gets the Hollywood version of it across with the hull creaking, pump noises, wooshing of torpedos firing and, more recently, the crew responding to orders. The only real downside to the recently implemented crew voices is I can’t figure out of there is a single voice actor doing them all, if a handful of actors provided voices for different words or if a given actor plays a specific position on the boat where helm, diving control, sonar, weapons, chief of the watch, etc. are different people. The sounds are good enough for what they need to be, but won’t be winning game awards.Controls: 5/10The controls in the game how it originally shipped were crap (or maybe I’m just spoiled by my mouse). The original game was 90% keyboard driven and unlike the 1980s version there was no custom-cut keyboard overlay in the box. The keyboard commands were also oddly organized with one command toward the top of the keyboard meaning “up with ballast” while another command toward the bottom meaning “up with planes.” Yes, it makes sense in context of how the stations actually work, but it’s confusing if you’re not well versed in it.Since the 1.07 update the game is a lot more playable with a mouse-driven interface for dive control and engine room and the ability to click on the screen to steer the ship along with a panel for operating the masts and clicks for countermeasures. (I wish you could manually set the bearing with numbers instead of clicking, though and as of this writing there is no “up periscope” button I’m aware of.) The interface just gives me the feeling of needing lots of work, though it is decidedly better than many subgames from years ago.Social/Community/Developer: 9/10First off, there is no multiplayer and it’s a far-off goal for the developers.Second, the community for the game on Steam and SubSim Forums is generally friendly, though I’ve had no direct interaction. (If I have an account it’s only to gain access to members-only downloads.) The Developers, however, are extremely active on those forums and listen to requests and respond as to why they will, won’t or can’t do it. For example, the interface changes and crew voices were due in large part to community requests and the voices are actually members of those forums.The developers are willing to help with modding to the extent they’re able, but there are some technical issues as to why their assistance is somewhat limited. The Unity engine the developers used makes it difficult to modify 3D models without a recompile of the game assets. (Kerbal Space Program uses Unity as well and 3D modding is trivially easy in it, so the problem can be overcome but it is still a future goal.) Having said that, nearly every settings file are in plain text and the developers are friendly to modders changing them and adding new content."
,Recommended,541210,32312390,Posted: 10 June,all,KaZumaTree,"A median mix of simulation and action make this submarine game a great flashpoint start into the world of the ""silent service"" Cold War Edition, only marred by minor UI, control, and balance issues.+ Modeled systems, mechanics, and tropes combined together to put you right in the captain's shoes in the Cold War as part of the ""silent service"", gelling very well and relying on each one to provide an engaging, even nail-biting experience, from staying very quiet under 900ft to observe potential targets, to the flank-speed full plane/rudder evasion of incoming torpedoes.+ An easy to jump into, but very deep, submarine game that allows one to have fun whist giving veteran submariners something to chew on, complete with difficulty, distance- and time-scale to suit most playstyles. More actiony players may like a faster pace to the game with shorter distances, whilst submarine enthusiasts will turn those down to near-simulation levels and 1:1 distances.+ Accurately modeled Cold War air and sea assets of both sides, down to sound profiles, weapon stores, tactics and procedures makes this a treat for any Cold War military enthusiast. Actual sonal data plotting procedures do work (example: getting two ""legs"" of info on a target to solidify location, bearing, speed, and type by observing from one direction, then another, works).+ Two campaigns (one representing early Cold War, other late) that are not only solid in length, but being dynamic as well means that the campaign state reacts and acts depending upon your contributions to the war (or loss). Nothing beats getting a news report of friendly supply convoys making their routes and supporting the war effort because you intercepted the sub interdiction force before they got into the North Atlantic.+ Active developers that keep up on the feedback and make their presence known in the Steam Discussions.======- UI and graphics are just serviceable. Granted not much one can really do with underwater viewscapes, but the admittedly samey (even if accurately modeled) models for ships look dated, and the rather small, admittedly hard-to-use UI can be a bit of a turn-off.- Controls are also oddly tied to just keyboard inputs, with no options to use mouse input for many of them. Also does not help that there are no key hints or a micro-help screen to pull up when needed. Took me distressingly long to find out one cancancela weapon shot by pressing esc, with no UI indication I could do so.Or the fact one can select submarines with A or D once shown which submarine you'll be commanding for the mission/campaign.Recent updates have added arrows to sub selection and unit reference screens- Sound is also only serviceable in this game, which is odd given the setting of the game (submarines relying on sonar, passive or active). One canot just put on some headphones and manually listen for telltale sound cues and obtain more information that way, which is a shame.- Game offers an ""event camera"" which shows the player important events happening during engagement. Whilst understandably great as a feature, there is little to no feedback whether or not said feature is turned off or not when desired other than a very small UI indicator in the top right, let alone the feature itself being of taste to some.- Game itself suffers from odd bugs ranging from stability problems, mission instancing problems, campaign freezing, and even full-on crashing.-(At time of post) Odd balance problems exist in the game, like for example the current overpoweredness of anti-submarine warfare air assets one can encounter. They show up too often, detect you too far down, and can be the deciding factor on whether or not you can even escape an engagement, let alone engage properly. Thankfully the devs have stated that this is a problem and a patch is inbound.Recent updates have made this con nonexistent."
76561198024852542,Recommended,541210,32271617,Posted: 8 June,all,NeonsStyle,"This is a good game and with a little effort it could be a bloody fantastic game. Here's a couple of suggestions that would make it much better.1. Spoken Crew call outs, not hard for the devs to do a little voice acting, and will add a lot to it.2. An ability to move the camera where I want, and a hot key to go back to my boat when I want.3. An ability to make the right panels full screen like the map, especially the sonar display. It's a real pain not being able to maximise it.4. SONAR NEEDS SOUND: It's what it is. Steal it off Silent Hunter who cares lol, but give it sounds of the ships.5. HOT KEYS for everything. Ask yourself how would a player use this and most times it'll be a hot key.6. Display missiles on the map, you launch them and they just disappear sometimes then 5 mins later you hear an explosion. Sometimes it follows it to the boom, but sometimes not.7. I loved Red Storm Rising, and as long as this is the same ideas it'll be great.8. Let us control the towed array.9. How to make a sim great? GIve the player more options, and more immersion. Oh and lots of sound.10. Let us hear the biologics. There's plenty of public domain whale sounds out there.11. Most Important: MOD SUPPORT!!!Definitely recommend this, it's an awesome game.Awesome!"
,Recommended,541210,32905366,Posted: 27 June,all,StorzOO,"There are a lot keyboard command to remember. I was really bad at it, and was sunk within 10 min. of first mission. The graphic is nice, although I like the direct control of the boat, my sub kept surfacing while I want to maintain periscope depth due to I kept forgot there is actually a straight and level key (X by default). Definitely not for the rivet counters, it is basically a remake of Red Storm Rising. Love it. As a simplified sub sim, the action provided by direct control is fine as it is."
76561197985210824,Recommended,541210,32334305,Posted: 10 June,all,apudzuf,"Overall, fun to play and integrates enough real sub warfare principles to satisfy those interested in the naval warfare genre. But even accepting the more casual style of play compared to other sub games, it needs some work. The WASD-controlled navigation is useful at times but generally a bit odd for those of us used to telgraph-style navigation from Sonalyst games or Silent Hunter. There are a few bugs. The campaign map navigation uses an awkward style of getting around and offers few options for planning, and the save-game feature is lacking. I also think the mission mode of play should have a clock. I'm happy to see that the developers seem to be listening to customers about these types of issues; I hope they keep that up, as this is a very promising game."
76561198007995521,Recommended,541210,32208284,Posted: 5 June,all,ZappBrannigan,"I have been a sub sim fan for as long as there have been sub sims. This is a great game for arm-chair sub captains. The interface and weapons firing are simplified over games like Dangerous Waters, 688i, etc. The simplified sensors make you feel more like luck and less like strategy, you only really have to  bounce between thermal layers to catch a sub. I think some more control over sensor deployment like the towed array. There are times, speed, and depth factors that make towed arrays fun and tricky to use. I think they could work that into the game.I find the navigation portion difficult to keep in mind while the action is thick. I think that there should be some point and click type navigation, along side the manual controls, and some key binds for general purposes, such as ""Periscope Depth"", etc. Also, the surface ship AI is way out of whack. As soon as you fire a torpedo you get a rocket torpedo in the face. Which is annoying given that there should be some time for the AI to go from ""Randomly Sweeping"" to ""Rocket Torpedo in the Face"".All these things can be ironed out in time. I know Killerfish does listen to their customers, and they have made great and fun games in the past.Bottom line; this is a great game for those who enjoy sub games without having to attend Navy Sub School. It is simple enough to be fun, and challenging enough for the hardcore sub fans. With a little time, and ironing out, this can develop into a really great game."
,Recommended,541210,32218819,Posted: 6 June,all,StandingCow,"Cold Waters seems to be a happy mix between a hardcore nuclear sub simulation and an arcade sub game.  The controls are pretty simplistic but the gameplay is anything but simplistic.  You really have to use the different layers of ocean depth, enemy ship baffles, decoys, etc to be successful.This game is going to suck a lot of my time up."
,Recommended,541210,34492142,Posted: 25 August,all,kino,"Cold Waters is a great game which could be made a lot better with more realistic missions where you're not single-handedly fighting the Cold War and being pitted against large floatillas of enemy ships all of which sporting aircraft and rocket-deployed torpedos, etc. I just evaded 7 torpedos while engaging 2 DDs and a Tango-class submarine, but finally bit the dust when 2 rocket-launched torpedos landed right off my starboard side and immeditely started tracking (I had sunk 1 DD and the Tango, there were other subs out there still, and I was as silent as I could be the entire time). Some of these objectives are silly in how monumental they are, and throughout the game you have zero friends. There are no allied vessels, zero assistance from other assets. It's you against the world.Additionally, it'd be really cool to have allied or neutral surface ships to identify and track. More realistic. Friendly ships and submarines, neutral cargo vessels, sea life. As it stands, it's just you and then whatever enemy assets are out there. The Silent Hunter series seems more fleshed out and this is a much more recent game.The ocean floor also isn't totally flat, it'd be cool to have some geographic formations or topographical variation rather than just a more or less flat plane.Still fun, though! Lots of potential to be an awesome game!"
76561197994144539,Not Recommended,541210,32289874,Posted: 9 June,all,TheAnimalMother,"I'm a subsim player since the first Silent Hunter and know a lot about submarine warfare. I'm sad to say this, but Cold Waters is not a credible simulator. Some things that must be patched or I won't touch it any more:- Controling the planes, balast and ruder yourself... are you kidding me? A captain can't take care half of the time with steering the boat. He orders and it get's done. A waypoint following system would help too.- Helo sensors are way to good (even on easy), they find me below the strongest thermal layer any time. Escape is impossible and one has to flee for hours till he runs out of gas.- Torpedo cables rip too fast. Zero manuvering is the only way to keep the torps connected.- TLAMs only hit squat (Archansk campaign mission) but after firing 11 enemy torps fell very close buy in very short order.- Time compression is way too slow; I had to sail 2 almost 2 hrs to leave the combat area.Sure, graphics are ok and I see they meant well but it's an unfinished product that feels rushed and untested. Keep your hands off this one until they patch all the nonsense."
76561198049091490,Recommended,541210,33953411,Posted: 1 August,all,LethaK,"This is the game I wanted since Silent Hunter 3 !Featuring deep and complex combat,sonar,navigation mechanics, yet totally accessible for the beginner, and with a good -to-the-point- documentation that will let you want even more.You will feel a STRONG connection with Tom Clancy's work on Red Storm Rising and Red October.Still, the quality could be improved:- Be aware that the vanilla game offers only USN (pre 80') subs as playable vehicles, up to Los Angeles class Flight 1- The campaigns are too short and the scenario too predetermined.- The campaigns could feature more random situations and large timetables to accomplish the primary objective.- No real mission editor with proper UI, but you can create missions and campaigns via MODS- MODs cannot add new 3D Model- No US flattop  nor surface ship to escort or defend.- No navigational waypoints, you do it all manually (its good, but can be tricky when using time compression)I recommend this game without any hesitation if you love the genre and can afford it.I sincerely hope the devs will use the money to step up quality and content and scope before spawning paid DLC."
76561198007008370,Recommended,541210,32215857,Posted: 6 June,all,FuriousEagle,"Some peole argue that this game is not like SH or DW and it is too arcadish thus by no chance a sim. I'm sorry but i have to disagree!Cold Waters is neither a sonalyst sim, a radiomen sim nor fire control technician sim. Cold Waters is about being the Commander and his role is not to master the sonar nor master the machine room, his role is to give commands and take decisions, in order words decide the proper tactics that fits better to a given situation. So in this case, as you can see Cold Waters begins to get into sim category.As a commander only role, what a sim must offer at this point is not manual control of multiple components of a submarine, but a well done combat environment that force the commander to think twice and make them pay a high price when failing to do its homework (eg. failing to get enough awareness situation before proceeding with an attack).Don't take me wrong, i really love having to plot everything by myself in Silent Hunter (although i don't like the tools that are given to you) but i would not bash Cold waters just because it doesn't offer that. It seems that some people failed to understand what Cold Waters was about! Surely there are some arcade elements in this game but calling completely arcade just because you are just a commander is simply wrong, at least provide more convincing arguments.That said, this game has too many stuff to be polished starting by the UI which for me not only it does not offer a smooth use experience (not talking about animation) but also proivides almost no shortcuts on screen which i prefer to have."
,Recommended,541210,32281066,Posted: 8 June,all,pinback,"This is not a hardcore simulation, but like Killerfish's previous, brilliant Atlantic Fleet, it nails the sweet spot in terms of balancing realism with plain, old-fashioned good times.For any sub game fan, this should be an insta-buy.  Once one comes to terms with the, shall we say, somewhat arbitrary user interface, the thrill of hunting and hiding from baddies in the dark depths is as riveting as ever, and unless you're willing to deal with the dense, ancient Sonalyst titles, this is your best chance to do it in a nuclear sub, which provides a whole new, compelling set of challenges when compared to the more common WW2 diesel sub games.For non-sub game fans, this might present an excellent way to get started.  The controls are relatively few, and you can get in there with just a quick trip through the tutorial missions and start mixing it up.  You'll probably die a lot until you come to grips with the tactics required, but each time you die, you'll learn, and each time you learn, the next attempt will be more fun, and the experience will be (wait for it) deeper.Given the developers' history of quality and support, and the already great experience on offer here, if you have any interest in the subject and can swing the pricetag, go forth with confidence and press that buy button."
76561198053874641,Recommended,541210,33481271,Posted: 12 July,all,Розовый парень,"The biggest issue with Cold Waters at the moment is, that launching Anti-Ship or Cruise Missiles from underwater just looks and sounds waaay to awesome which is why I try and use Missiles as often as possible and not torpedos. The problem is that this will get you killed very quickly as its not much of a challenge for the russians to locate a sub that sends more rockets into the sky than NASA.Still, 10/10 would base strike again!"
,Recommended,541210,32304869,Posted: 9 June,all,madlarkin8,"I see why you can only play as the US in this game. If the 1968 soviet navy is THIS deadly, I shudder to imagine facing the US navy in a soviet sub."
76561198066412174,Recommended,541210,33136045,Posted: 2 July,all,kmfoxmt,"I am captain of the USS Narwhal, SSN 671. I have a Navy Cross, A silver and Bronze star and I've only commanded her for 14 days. The Soviets are running scared of my sub - and they should be. Absolutly fantatsic command - I love that boat. Let me say this game is a bit expensive for what it offers in variety, but if you enjoy simulators you will pull your money out of this game and be happy you did. I'm going to recomend it on that basis."
76561197994801110,Recommended,541210,34331478,Posted: 18 August,all,Hawk,"This game is strikingly beautiful and is enjoyable to play. However, unless Im seriously missing something it does not contain several important elements. It needs a sonar suite similar to 688i, Sub Command etc. There is no workable towed array or broadband scope. You can not switch sensors. The sonar in general is very rudimentary. Being able to work and stalk contacts, generating a firing solution etc is the core of any good sub sim. This game lacks it.Im not sure if they plan to add these features or not, but until they do I can never take it seriously. On the upside it has some very nice features. I like being able to form knuckles in the water and I love the interaction with aircraft.As nice as it is it certainly doesn't justify a $40 price tag unless you treat it as an early access game with the needed features coming in the future.For now, I'll just go back to playing Dangerous Waters."
76561197970724676,Recommended,541210,34635533,Posted: 31 August,all,Varrig,"Easily the best modern submarine game on the market right now.  With the latest additions they have brought themselves nose to nose with series such as Silent Hunter, 688i Hunter Killer, and Sub Command.  The developers are listening to the best of the ideas from the community and building on them.  If you have loved Naval Strategy games in the past.  Cold Waters won't disapoint."
76561198011808209,Recommended,541210,32723694,Posted: 24 June,all,Godhand 2-5,"It has been 15 hours that where relatively fun, but after that time the flaws in the game become annoying. The way you have to manually maneuver in a way a captain should not really bother with. The way you are granted a sense of omnipotence from the external view, especially when it comes to aircraft, but you dont have any sensors you can see data from yourself.But most annoying are the campaign missions. after 2 hours you will have tired almost all of them, unless you get unlucky all the time, and that is the second point. The whole point of the campaign map should be that it would let you intercept a contact multiple times. But in this game if you intercept what you are looking for, and decide that conditions are against you. Then you cant simply break contact and come back later where the water is deeper or the layer is stronger.You can also see things that have been seen by friendlies on the campaign map, but you have no idea what it actually is. a carrier group and a replenishment group looks the same, and a group of diesel subs are identical to nuclear attack boats.So the game is kinda fun, but the way the simulation gives you problems that you shouldnt have, like acedentially surfaceing or going below crush debth because you are distracted from manning the helm and the diving planes. And the way that you are basically completely out of control in the interresting missions like inserting Seals or fireing cruise missiles because you dont get any say in the execution other than getting your boat into the parameters for completing the mission.All in all another game released too soon."
76561198052763515,Recommended,541210,33980194,Posted: 2 August,all,rgparis,"As a veteran and a submariner, the game is pretty good. Keep improving and I will keep playing."
76561197960283776,Recommended,541210,32344717,Posted: 11 June,all,RetroVertigo,"As an avid silent hunter player any new sub game has (gameplay wise) a lot to live up to, especially given the advanced states of some of the mods for those games. At first I thought it was ""silent hunter light"" and a arcade version of those games. Turns out its nothing of the type.The problem with silent hunter games (other than the glitchy software) was they are only playable once you are an expert with your subs systems, which means learning how everything works and then being able to employ them. Cold Waters take almost all of that guesswork out, it has a very simple wasd keyboard layout and a very simple UI, now it might seem spartan but it is everything you need in a compact UI. The map is simplified and getting target information is all on one screen, you need not move stations or even search for a certain screen just to get information you need.The game receives frequent patches and has improved from launch. The AI still needs work, once you figure out how to use your sensors and how to stay hidden even while moving and firing the game becomes much simpler. Ive engaged the Kirov task force and sank every ship while never letting them fire a single shot at me, sped between two alphas who just sat there shooting at me and having all their torps go into the other one while i basicly do nothing and get away was rather amusing."
,Recommended,541210,32634320,Posted: 21 June,all,Marcinni,"I've never played Red Storm Rising, but I clocked a ton of hours in Silent Hunters 3 (w/Grey Wolves), 4 (w/Trigger Maru) and 5. Even though the the overworld is abstracted here into a simple map, and the shipboard actions are abstracted to just a couple of handfuls of button pushes, and the gauges are simplistic ... it all works, and reminds me of the SH games quite a bit.The moment to moment action, the sneaking around to get a good angle, the tension of the sonar ping and the damage/ammo/noise management are all very, very similar to the Hunter games.The game can be a little arcadey at times, with exaggerated speeds and maneuverability on some subs, and facing ridiculous odds in some scenarios - but you can still get easily blindsided by a sneaky sub putting a torp a mere 500 yards off your starboard. If you've any interest in submarine sims, you owe it to yourself to give this a (Mk37) shot."
76561198022012135,Recommended,541210,32244049,Posted: 7 June,all,Xenophobia,"I am a hardcore subsimmer. I have played each of the Silent Hunter series and have modded them to be the hardest and most realistic they could possibly be. From GWX and exe patches in SH3 to mods that only allow you to navigate by approximate fixes from your navigator, no God's eye view of sub in SH5. I can tell you as someone who enjoys all that, that I am truly enjoying Cold Waters.I thought I would be put off by the easy accessibility but gave it a shot anyway. I can only describe the accessibility as making this game easy to learn and difficult to master. The other good thing is that anyone can learn to play this you do not have to be an experienced pc sub commander. You just may have a longer and tougher time mastering the tactics involved, if you're not. You will have to put the time and effort in do not expect to master this in a few hours. Reading about sub tactics will definitely help and I would highly recommend you do so. Expect to die horribly a lot until you learn.Learning to control the sub and use it's weapons should only take an hour. After that you get unleashed into a terrifyingly deadly ocean. You are the hunter but a lot of times you will feel like the prey.The gameplay is not about going to each one of the stations on the sub and mastering each one. It's about you being a sub commander, you already have a crew that has mastered all the stations. It's your job to take the information given to you by your crew and use the correct tactics to get the mission accomplished and avoid detection. The game is not easy and by my sub simming experience the tactics involved are pretty accurate. The game doesn't cheat, if you die it's because you screwed up. There are a few bugs that the devs are aware of and they seem eager to fix them. Nothing that would keep you enjoying this right now, however.I also like that I am not stuck in the sub all the time. The 3rd person view is refreshingly different. I thought I would not like this either but I do. It is not a cheat by any means though. You can only see contacts in the 3rd person view that your sensors have an accurate solution on.Another plus is you get a dynamic campaign in which your decisions impact the war and it never plays out the same way. How great is that! Nobody seems to do truly dynamic campaigns anymore and it's awesome that Killerfish decided to include one.The cold war is the perfect setting for this. The tension, the music, the gameplay so far is sure to make this a classic. If you have any interest in cold war subs experienced in simming or not, I highly recommend you get this game."
,Recommended,541210,32219144,Posted: 6 June,all,Digitalpope,"If you liked ye olde Red Storm Rising, this one is right up your alley....the only thing missing is the keyboard cardboard overlay."
76561198041826342,Recommended,541210,32306123,Posted: 9 June,all,KStarAbraxis,Cold Waters is by no means perfect but I have to admit I am having a blast with it.  I had a mission aginst 3 Novembers that was just amazing.  Killed 2 and bearly escaped the third with one torp left.  My recomendation buy this and support the devs.  If you like post WW2 sub games this may be the last one for a long long time so the more of us that buy it the more lilely it will see further devlopment.
76561198053350603,Recommended,541210,32207421,Posted: 5 June,all,WendellThrewUp,"So I'm enjoying this so far.The short Take away is: Kind of like a Cold War, Simplified Silent Hunter crossed with 688i Hunter/Killer.Things I like:- Cold War Setting, good variety of Cold War targets to hunt and sink, and be hunted and sunk by.- The simplification of a lot of complex stuff that, in my opinion, doesn't take a whole lot away from the gameplay. For example simplifying a lot of weapon parameter settings down to a ""click and shoot"".- The ""outside the tube"" perspective of the action.Things I'd like to be different:- Towed Array Management was/is kind of a thing, right? In the game it's kind of ""Always On"" and there is no graphical representation.- I get that no ""Ordered Course"" was a design decision to make gameplay more engaging, and steering things myself is more engaging. But its easy to forget you had 30 degrees rudder on when you were watching that pretty torpedo kill the Alfa.In spite of this, I'm enjoying it. Please bring on the Allied forces and Warsaw Pact Subs.Who knew it was this much fun to be a bubblehead?"
76561198009620313,Recommended,541210,32582843,Posted: 19 June,all,leohayward,While I love this game.. some areas still seem in an alpha state.  Like the russian helos that come from no where and insta kill you during the seal insertion or TLAM strike missions.  In spite of spending hours slowly staying out of detection and working around far to the west to sneak on in.  While I give the a modest recommendation I can no longer play it until the devs do someting about these seemingly psychic helos.  I know and can see in the recent patches the devs are working hard correcting issues.  These particular missions seem unplayable atm.
76561197985073438,Recommended,541210,34428518,Posted: 22 August,all,7./JG26_Goat,"Pretty sure the negative reviews didn't really even play this game.  You have to, like, read the instructions...It took a little bit of research and getting used to, some of the instructions aren't great and I wish there was more content as far as missions go and custom mission bulding or multi-player.  From what I understand, this is still very well in development and we'll see some more stuff.What I hope to see in the future:NATO vesselsPlayable PACT subsPlayable BoomersMore campaignsMission editorsWe'll see if this happens, but so far this game has been a lot of fun and I think I'll get my $39.99 worth."
,Recommended,541210,32223748,Posted: 6 June,all,Chimaera,"Remember the days when games didn't hold your hand, expected you to read manuals, and maybe know something about the topic and/or tactics of the time in history the game is placed in? If so, then this game is for you. If not, then I recommend reading Tom Clancy's SSN and asking yourself if you mind playing a game that does the whole, ""Maybe you shouldn't pew pew everything?"" VERY well. BUT there are a lot of features of the game that make it very inaccessible to people who aren't willing or able to take the time to basically learn how to be a submariner-lite. Because of that, I've got to give this a 7 of 10, with the probability of upping the score if more features are added to make it more accessible.Now, if you'd like to read a more in-depth review with suggestions for the devs, here's the wall-of-text.Seriously, this game takes me back to the days where you really, REALLY had to know about the game, the history, and the controls BEFORE jumping in. That said, if you think you can do what I've seen some youtubers do (jump in without going through the tutorial), well you'll hate this game. It takes the idea of being a SSN Captain very, VERY seriously, and has the non-intuitive interface and controls to prove it.The game itself is very pretty, highly detailed, complex, and if you've ever played a game by Killerfish, then the lack of seemingly standard features like tooltips on hover, voice alerts, and a novice-friendly start won't surprise you in the least. Oh, and don't get me started on the funky camera controls/event camera dynamic that's exceedingly annoying at times. Anyhoo, if you're NEW to Killerfish games, then read the below ""suggestions for the devs"" list to get an idea of what the game is lacking. All that said, once you get past the steeper learning curve and realize the kind of game it isn't (I'm looking at you, Silent Hunter(s)), if you take the time to learn and play then you'll enjoy the game.Some suggestions to devs:1. Hover Tooltips please. Really helps with the learning curve.2. Voice alerts, especially for things like when a torpedo is dropped. Hell ANY alert when a torpedo is dropped would be nice. So far, no alerts for incoming torps, just a symbol that, if you're not watching carefully for, is easily missed.3. Practice/tutorial on how to dodge torpedoes, please. It's a BEAR and maybe a bit TOO realistic...to the point of making the game un-fun.4. Additional information in-game as to what each class of ship is. Maybe used with hover tooltips? Unless you happen to have memorized the entire encyclopedia of ships, or are going to pause and google, it's kinda tough to tell what's an ASW boat, versus a standard merchant, versus a troop carrier just from the names. If there is this feature already built in, it's not talked about in the tutorial or readily/easily figured out, so PLEASE.5. A prompt (verbal or otherwise) that lets you know if the encounter you've jumped into in a campaign is the actual encounter/mission target. Since there's no other way to recognize it, having that at the beginning would help players make sure they're going for escape/evade, or hide and destroy.6. Give more guidance on how to escape when it seems like you're overcome. I've been killed by ASW boats even after doing the Noisemaker - Double back - Have ASW torp explode my noisemaker - Bottom the boat next to the wreck of a ship I just killed to mask the sonar signature.7. Give us preset keybindings or actions to allow us to pre-select things like depth or angle of the bow planes. Trying to ""fly"" a sub through the water using AWSD, while trying to monitor the signatures, thermo layers, tactical map (which is too small btw in the main navigation screen), weapons settings, camera settings, and countermeasures is a bit much. It's a sub and I'm supposed to be commanding it, not be a one-man show. I don't mind the direct control aspect for things like evasive maneuvers, but for setting up attack plots and tracking targets, it would be a lot more accurate to be able to set a dive meter to a specific depth, while telling the helm officer to set a specific course.That's it for now. Overall it's a good, fun, challenging game, but still could use some more tweaking/features to make it more accessible."
76561198011662037,Not Recommended,541210,32293585,Posted: 9 June,all,Possum,"Well this could have been good. I tend to not review though not how good a game could have been or could be in the future. This game is a subsim and as one of those guys who wait for another silent hunter or 688 Hunter/Killer with modern graphics, this should be a no brainer. The game looks good allthough not on par with Silent Hunter 5 or the older ones with mods. It looks decent though and the boats are easy on the eye when lurking in the dark waters of the northern atlantic.There is a decent amount of enemy ships, subs, planes and helicopters and while the models themselves are nice, the animations and the flight of aircraft for example in general look bulky and rough. The ships though are fun to watch ploughing the waves. Now...but this is a simulation  and when it comes to that this game is a hot piece of mess.Lets start with the User Interface. Obviously not developed by professionals with experience it should still be able to do a decent job which it doesnt. The weapons managemen is garbage and has this ""Dont klick on things youre supposed to select because it will just ruin everything"" feeling. Why you have to use space for waypoints...why you fire with right mouse and change waypoints with what should be firing the weapon..left mouse...is beyond me. The keybinds are terrible but at least customizable. The rudder and ballast controls work in steps of 5 to 30 and even though youre the skipper...youll have to steer your ship like a recruit. You can not make a hard left turn or an alarm dive. You have to manically click 6 times from 0 to 30 degrees rudder for maximum steering. Knuckles...which are small disturbances in the water used to break acoustic waves...are a pure click storm when you basically have to turn a sharp left into a sharp right. Ridiculous. And youll need those. As well as a constant check of the manual which is hidden behind shift F1.The sim itself is deeply flawed. I dont know if thats supposed to be like that but starting from a very simplified damage model of enemy vessels, basically everything gets sunk by one torpedo no matter where it hits, and the omnipotent AI which does not bother about temperature layers, decoys or tactics but just spams airborn torpedos and point accurate waterbombs on top of your ship whenever you innitiate an attack.Let me explain with an example. You get the task of sinking a convoy of amphibian assault vessels and escorts and you make your way to the area the objective is supposed to go. When arriving and finally meeting your opponent you start the attack, identifying enemies ( which is a hideous task btw as you have to basically scroll a list of ALL known enemy vessels until the scans match the template) to improve the fire solution, manoever in silent running mode and pick and set your weapons (which is as well a clunky task in dire need of streamlining). You position your ship and start with destroying the escorts. You are limited to your torpedoes doing that, as your harpoons wont be able to penetrate the defense of most military vessels and overwhelming them proves to be costly as you only got 4 launchers. So with minimum of 2 harpoons set to attack from high and low..you may kill 2 ships if everythign goes perfect. Which it doesnt. And you absolutly have to kill the whole escort alltogether at once or you die. Quick. If youre lucky you didnt get detected by now, but most of the time the enemy will find you easily even without you using any of the various sensors on masts or ...god forbid...active sonar. Mast sensors, even the periscope equal detection. There is no way around it. But okay, we are not doing that..we just use our passive sonar. Now...when you program the torpedos you got a problem. You use wireguided ones. And wires break..for no reason. Even if you fire directly and dont turn or dive..which you have to to do soon to avoid the instant reaction. So no real control over your torpedos after they leave the tubes. Thats fine. The torpedoes do a great job on their own. Once you get used to be unable to select...speed...running depth...or even waypoints. You may chose to have the topredo pinging activly once in target area which is somethign you will foregt to activate...ALL the time. This feature should be on ON by default. You can set the target point but no waypoints. You can change the destination but only when you still got the wire..which you dont in 90% of the cases. You see where this is going. Now..after you attack you need to dive through the cold water barrier to avoid detection. Even the manual tells you how sonar waves are getting deflected by it so a sub is hidden from sensors placed on the other side of the layer..below or above. So you may fire a decoy torpedo and crashdive down below the layer if there is one...meaning wildly clicking W and C (i think) and X to level once you are at the desired depth. Setting everthing up like that should kep you from harm for now but here is the thing...the enemy AI does not care. Airborn torpedos will drop right on your location. Not the one you were before but wherever you go after you hide below the layer. Turn left or right...doesnt matter. ASW planes appear out of nowhere even when you are around Scotland, dropping sonar sensors (as if they would need them) and airborne torps. And if you look at the flight path of those planes...its going exactly over your position no matter where you are. In Silent Hunter, how flawed that game was, you could cleverly fool your enemy into believing you were somewhere else by sprinting and switching the machines off and turn away. Not in this game. And that is...frustrating. Especially if you think about how good this could have been if done properly.Now...the campaign is neatly done with some ""Wargame""- like newsreel and somewhat dynamic nature allthough i dont know yet if you could actually win the war by succeeding your missions. But here as well..hunter subs follow you all over the map rubberbanding to you like no tomorrow..even if you are submerged and travel at slow speed. (a feature that SHOULD have been in the tutorial!!)The lack of a simulated interior and voiced crew is not a big deal...or wouldn be...if the rest of the game was not so bare bones and flawed in its core. I dont know if the developers are planning to improve that but my bet is on another ""Arctic Circle"" debacle. What can I do...I learned to be sceptical.Do not buy (now)."
,Recommended,541210,32208276,Posted: 5 June,all,HerpicleOmnicron5,"Be sure to play the tutorials, even if you're a veteran of the genre. The game's controls push many veterans out of their comfort zone, but I believe this is in a very good way. Furthermore, the developers are extremely responsive and open minded to criticism. Here's hoping to a long life for this game!"
76561198005379567,Recommended,541210,32231673,Posted: 6 June,all,vyrago,"A love letter to Microprose 1988 Red Storm Rising.  Even the diagrams in the in-game manual are nearly identical to RSR's old meaty manual.  Easy to learn, easy to look at, fun to play.  My 14 year old self loves it."
76561198023164239,Not Recommended,541210,32347593,Posted: 11 June,all,Alf Tupper,"I am sorry to be writing this as the gaming world needs a good subsim. Having played Harpoon with paper and dice, the the Silent Hunter series on PC plus having enjoyed Dangerous waters very much, I was expecting the best of all worlds - immersion, higher end graphics, and lots of functionality that can be turned on/off at the player's need. (And also you can say I am not new to sub simming.)I'm not getting any of that with this game. Mechanics are sometimes oversimplistic - eg speed goes up/down in 5 kt segments, you can't set a waypointed course, but you can't ask your crew to take your sub to persicope depth you have to do that manually, plus you have to manually use planes and ballast blowing to set your depth instead of the crew doing it for you A strange mix of things really that just doesn't do it for me.and much of the fun stuff you could do in other sims is done for you by autocrew. You can't write or draw on the map, or do any manual operations apart from Sonar ID. All a bit of a let down.There are no sumptuous graphics to make up for it - we're looking at Silent Hunter III levels of complexity for the graphics. There are no control panels for sonar ESM etc to scrutinise and analyse...If this was an updated version of Dangerous waters I'd be having lots of fun - as it is, this feels like a dumbed down version of Dangerous Waters with no compensations."
76561197963042131,Recommended,541210,32206709,Posted: 5 June,all,Hellfish6,"Beautiful game. Artwork is fantastic. The tutorials helped me understand what I was doing, so maybe the people who are clueless didn't bother to try them. They're pretty straightforward. I was able to wire-guide a torpedo into a Foxtrot-class SS in my first campaign  battle. Very fun."
,Recommended,541210,32855604,Posted: 27 June,all,[PUG] MannyS,This is a game that I really had to sit down and read everything where I had to do research on modern naval submarine warfare ive played a lot of the silent hunter series and enjoyed it was WW2 I had a lot of knowledge about the tech and strategy of that era but cold waters was something I knew nothing about I had to learn a lot of tactics and understand what has happening around me but once you figure that out and you get the hang of it is a very enjoyable game that is constantly being update and has a mod support group from sub sims that mods and allows you to use Soviet submarines as well an amazing person to watch and learn from is Jive Turkey channel on youtube and twitch he came up with an amazing trick like to shot a moss which is a decoy that acts like a sub at an enemy fleet and tricks there homing torpedos and engage their own ships amazing trick by the way but yes if you enjoy a hard challenge and a pretty insane cold war era submarine game go for it you wont be disappointed.
76561198047623295,Recommended,541210,32244001,Posted: 7 June,all,SuperCharger,"I recommend this game...It is interesting to note that in the beginning of this games release, most negative reviews had less than 1 hr on record playing this game when they reviewed it with the exception of a few. Now I see some of them have been playing it more since then...:)  This is a game where you should print out the manual and use it as a reference guide.  SURE THERE ARE SOME BUGS (which are currently being investigated and addressed per developer feedback) but this game can be quite intense and immersive at times.  Looking forward to future patches.  Please devs dont let us down.  I love what you are doing here...There are several video reviews in particular that were very negative yet entertaining but i noticed a number of the complaints were not correct and fair since the answers were in the manual and tutorial training missions (which were skipped per video evidence) all respect to him because I understand his passions and expectations.  I too was stationed in europe during the cold war and the tensions with the soviet navy were quite intense and happened to be on everyones mind that had a clue of global events or were involved in some capacity or other.  This game is not for everyone but it captures alot of desires and fantasies for a game of its type and scope.  I personally love it and the developers put alot of love into it.  Its unfortunate they are a small team with not a lot of support but to give credit where its due, it is indeed a beautiful game with alot of potential due to open modding support and possible expansion support.  I highly recommend it to those who desire to capture the experience on their command chairs or couches.As with other games I too patiently wait as a sub commander for improvements also  like the reviewer I mentioned above. But will play it also in the meantime.  Its the aircraft that need a closer look at in my opinion.  Surely my crew has a weapons locker hehe.Btw for those wanting to skip the campaign news announcements press ""space""  Also ""shift e"" turns on the event camera during each mission.  When you are in the vicinity of your port an anchor symbol shows up at the top left of your screen...click on it to rearm and repair.Cheers to the developers!  Looking forward to the first patch to make this game even more enjoyable  :)  It was just released so be patient.  Recommend you do all the tutorials.  oh and more biologics and other events.Still trying to sneak into a port for TLAM salvos..getting past murmansk is always a challenge :)  Maybe need to come in from the north thru the caps.  Looking forward to workshop items and even exploring this myself.Already playing with mods...8D"
76561198063195960,Recommended,541210,33878820,Posted: 29 July,all,Anthony,"TLDR: Well made sub sim. Trades the anal, duller parts of Silent Hunter for stability, playability, and deeper, more enticing actual gameplay. Buy like a Wall Street floor trader on bath salts.Fresh and well panned out sub sim. While it forgoes the at times anal details of e.g. Silent Hunter, this does serve to streamline the more trivial process of learning how to make the boat move, how to employ weapons, etc. and gives way to actually learning when to move the boat where, where to employ what weapon against what foe, and which enemy vessels are capable of what.With the campaign using solely a 2D map for strategic movement and only spawning the player into the 3D world when encountering enemies, you escape the issues that would pop up in Silent Hunter where you might run aground and sink, get sniped with a depth charge by a passing plane, or constantly getting the fast forwarding interrupted for trivial reasons, considerably dragging out the non essential gameplay and making for more tedious long range travel. The only issues this currently causes (still in Beta stage) is that A, it's oftentimes fairly unclear at what speed and depth you will enter the 3D world, and B, in TLAM (Tomahawk strikes against land targets) missions, you won't enter the 3D world until you come within at maximum 25,000 yards of a ship. Currently these missions are always against ports, and so you're often forced by far too close to the target for your own good, and in shallow waters. This results in you either firing the TLAMs where you spawned in (this largely amounts to sneaking into someone's living room, slam firing a shotgun, and then attempting to leave unnoticed) which will result in helicopters, planes and rocket borne torpedoes and much more pouncing on you in waters where your ability to maneuver is restricted, or you spend a dull 10-20 minutes quietly making your way out to deep waters, where you can properly take advantage of the long range of your TLAMs before firing.Judging by the state of the devs responding to the community thus far though, I feel confident that this will soon be remedied.Enemy ships are spotted on the 2D map for you by friendly search planes, satellites, SOSUS in the GIUK Gap, etc. Likewise you can be spotted by similar assets of the Warsaw Pact. Hopefully a moderate number of NATO surface vessels will soon be introduced in the game world, or if they already are, then displayed on the map as you can sometimes get the impression that your own sub is the only thing representing the entire USN, RN and assorted other NATO navies in the game.The missions are quite diverse and interesting. Comparing the game to Silent Hunter yet again, the campaign features more than basically just attacking merchantmen and the occassional task force. You are often tasked with intercepting and destroying specific wolfpacks as well as ambushing amphibious landing forces, attacking hostile submarine tenders, carrying out strategic TLAM strikes, covertly inserting Navy SEALs behind enemy lines, or stopping enemy subs from doing the same.The game already features a large number of different surface ships, merchantmen, air assets, submarines and weapon systems of both sides to make few encounters similar and repetitive in nature, with more to come.I'd very much recommend this game to anyone with an interest in submarines and/or the military aspects of the Cold War. It ought to suit people who primarily desire action as well as those (just sufficiently sane not be institutionalised) who print out medium sized libraries of technical aspects and details of cavitation, weapons, sensors, etc. and only play their sub sims wearing a custom made cap with their sub's name embroided on it."
76561197989347207,Recommended,541210,32209435,Posted: 5 June,all,[RIP] fiva55,"I have fond memories playing the Silent Hunter series, but I haven't touched a submarine sim for quite a few years. By accident I found out about this game, and I was immediately interested.The game is a good mix between simulation and the more casual submarine games. It retains a feeling of authenticity without making it cumbersome to play. With all the sensor and weapon choise, there is no lack of tactical depth. It doesn't force you to micromanage everything, simulating the presence of a well trained crew.  It is therefore surprising that you have to steer you sub with WASD. Hopefully they will at least patch in shortkeys to go to periscope depth or crash dive.Overall, a good game that I recommend.PS: Read Red Storm Rising or The Hunt for Red October to get in the mood!"
,Recommended,541210,32498096,Posted: 17 June,all,Armitage,"As an old-time ""Red Storm Rising"" veteran I really appreciate the effort to make it a vergy goodtacticalsimulation, as well as a very good and enjoyable game. ""Cold Waters"" catches the atmosphere of the Cold War, and visuals as well as audio are superb compared to genre competition.So here's my advice:You loved ""Red Storm Rising""? Get it!You loved ""Cold Waters"", but can't stand the dated interface anymore? Get it, if you are willing to sacrifice the finer details of passive sonar hunting. In return you will get (IMHO) more replayability and atmosphere instead of stitched-togeter missions.As you might find some folks complaining about minor details of this game: The devs are super-fast in delivering patches and updates.And for content: Head over tohttp://www.subsim.com/radioroom/downloads.php?do=cat&id=103to find community-made content as russian subs or new missions."
76561197982950406,Recommended,541210,34022647,Posted: 4 August,all,Vamandrac,"Cold Waters is a sub game that walks a fine line between realistic and action and does a pretty good job at it. The game centers around you taking control of a variety of US nuclear subs during the Cold War.  There are two campaigns that go with the ""what if World War III happened"" approach in either 1968 or 1984.  Both campaigns are dynamic and the war will be heavly influenced by your success or failures against the Soviet navy.Overall the game is very easy to pick up and the controls are simple enough, but to truly master your sub and become an expert skipper requires some patience and practice.  You are directly controlling the sub's main systems which means you always need to be on your toes watching for enemy torpedos or depth charges while at the same time trying to sink your prey.  Simply put, if you are looking for an arcade type of experience you will probably end up very frustrated.At the end of the day, Cold Waters is a fun game that I would recommend it to anyone looking for an entry level sub-sim game as well as anyone who enjoys this type of game in general."
76561197972196026,Recommended,541210,32650665,Posted: 22 June,all,Cob,"I heartly recommend this game even with some of its flaws and gaps.Pros :Simple control, some may see this as a downside, but its a game not a training simulator.Creepy atmosphere (something sub sims sould always have)works good on low end machinesvariety of subs to chooseCons:only US attack subs playable (no SSBNs, or any soviet subs playable)traffic appears limited to soviet millitary targetsno built in scenareo editormap tools are lacking, no way to make marks on tatical map for referance."
76561198222986228,Recommended,541210,33666800,Posted: 20 July,all,ThatNiceDutchGuy,"Wow, just like what I wanted to see in Red Storm Rising (back in like 1988)The developer is listening and replying in the forum here. And I do appreciate seeing the devs publishing updates and improvements. Currently at 1.06 BETA. There is an online MissionBuilder available and a offline version in the works.The game has sufficient potential for many hours playing fun. It has some learning but no obnoxious micro management. Play as Russian? Different model submarine? Longer missions? Go visitSubSim.comfor additional mods!If Naval Warfare is the genre you like? Then YES, get it."
76561197992408576,Recommended,541210,34864217,Posted: 10 September,all,Mmaruda,"This is a great example of a fairly accessible submarine simulation. The game puts you in command of a US nuclear sub in a cold-war gone hot scenario. The game is not easy, althogh largely simplified to hardcore sims lie Dangerous Waters.Controlling the sub is fairly easy and anyone who can bother to play the tutorial, should have no problem in starting to play. That said, if you are completely oblivious to the topic of submarine warfare, nothing will make much sense to you, since the game doesn't bother to explain how nuclear subs operate and fight. So a word of warning, if you have no idea about submarine stuff, go online, or just read a book on equipment and tactics. Despite interface accessibilty, there is a serious level of simulation underneath, so the game will expect you understand concepts like thermal layers, sonar arrays and weapon firign depths and ranges. However, if you have any interest in the subject at all, these things should be comprehensible and you should have no trouble employing them in combat.A few things worth noting:There are just two campaings, but they are both dynamic with various missions, so replay value is high.The music is awesome and sets the tone well.Graphics are not spectacular, but they do the job, and the whole game does look pretty.You can kill a whale with a torpedo (if you are a careless person, or just a terrible human being).Totally a must have for submarine geeks, good entry title for noobs who are willing to do some research on the subject. A bit challengins, but quite sattisfying once you start doing the job proper."
,Recommended,541210,34009629,Posted: 3 August,all,CXIV,"One of the best sub games on steam, no doubt. The campaigns are fun, but a co-op or pvp mode would be icing on cake!"
76561198123532054,Recommended,541210,32218149,Posted: 6 June,all,r6751,"Well, this was worth waiting for. This game is what Sonalists and the makers of Fleet Command, 688i, Sub Command, and more were hoping to create. Very well done. Beautiful graphics. Two campaigns set in 1968 or 1984 give you different weapons and enemy  abilities.  A full on war is underway, including the land portion. Your success is reflected in that outer war.It is not easy but a challenge to keep your sub undetected and carry out your mission. The 50+ page manual covers everything in a very understandable way. Not too much for novices nor too little for sub and naval nuts. The tutorial chapters cover each main operation that you need to learn, and let you try out each system before the enemy needs to be encountered.I'll be enjoying this for quite some time."
,Not Recommended,541210,32319651,Posted: 10 June,all,MaHuJa,"If you liked the 688(i), subcommand, dangerous waters series, you'll be disappointed in this.(Several of my complaints, including some listed, are being worked on. When it happens, I intend to update my review.)The control scheme requires memorizing half a keyboard. There could have been clickable UI elements to take a load off of some of the less frequently used items.  There's no option to say 'come to periscope depth', you have to manually control planes and trim tanks, such that you don't overshoot. Rather than focus on the overall tactical picture. You also have to memorize the various speed/depth limits to avoid cavitating, for each sub.Dodging torpedoes is trivial: Your colossus is far more maneuvrable than the enemy torpedoes in this game, particularly in the vertical. With less than 200ft of water, you can still do this if you have a good sense of the timing, though you may then occasionally be breaching the surface. The problem only appears when the enemy airdrops 6-8 of them; you have to juggle them so you don't have to dodge two opposites at the same time.There are scenarios (as opposed to campaign encounters) that say you should remain undetected, but where you are detected within 5 seconds of scenario start."
76561197970794106,Not Recommended,541210,32213848,Posted: 5 June,all,Jephalopod,"This would be an excellent game if it were in early access.  It has significant bugs -- menu buttons sometimes don't work for some reason. Poor interface design -- most commands are only bound to a key, unavailable through any mouse button or menu.  One has to set rudder and dive planes manually, which is extremely annoying -- it should be possible to just command a depth or course.  In its current state, playing this game is work."
76561197983120702,Recommended,541210,32231079,Posted: 6 June,all,Manco,"A word to the wise: This is not Silent Hunter, nor does it intend to be, which is a good and a bad thing at the same time. It is good, because the game runs pretty well, with nice graphics and nice effects (the sea and explosion animations look nice, and sinking ships produce adequate metal groaning and grinding as they go underwater); the weaponry is accurate (at least by 1980s-90s standards) and it is pretty simple to use. It is bad, because you dont get to step inside of the submarine and see your crewmen at work (like you were able to do in SH) or modify your submarine; however, this bad is also good, because the massive graphic data that was used to render crewmen at 3D levels would make SH a lagging monster, with speeds closest to the Age of Sailing at best, or Roman Empire galleys at worst (""Hate keeps me alive"", bellowed Judah Ben Hur), but I digress. Overall, a well rounded experience. I would recommend this game for those of you who are submariners at heart, but don't know much about knots or ballasts. Maybe some modding will improve the experience."
76561197960588091,Recommended,541210,32619942,Posted: 21 June,all,BarnysRevenge,"Great game if you want some stealth, thought & tense times.Reminds me of an old Atari game called Submarine commander (this is the mid 80's). That was based in WWII era, but this essentially is the same deal. it dos nice to keep track of the stats you make of kills & tonnage. The whole strategic map can be a little frustrating moving to position for missions, but it does give some freedom in what/how you play."
76561198104204234,Recommended,541210,33472234,Posted: 11 July,all,boshmi,"Should you buy this game? Yes.Is this game worth it's price tag? Probably.A tight, well made, detailed, elaborate submarine sim without all the drawbacks a tight, well made, detailed, elaborate sim provides. Six(ish) beautifully crafted playable US SSNs, as well as about twenty more unplayable Soviet naval vehicles, from cruisers, to destroyers, to recommisioned civilian ships, to AIRCRAFT CARRIERS, I could spend hours rambling on about the effort put into the models alone. The variety, and classing system, makes it so that the more you play, the more you truly feel like a sub commander, identifying vehicles by their sonar waves, and knowing what that vehicle is capable of puts you in hotseat, where your desicions impact the outcome of not just the battle, but the entire war.The game has two playable modes, campaign, and single missions. Single missions is pretty much just campaign missions but you can choose the encounters, but campaign is probably the best, most fleshed out single-unit command game I've seen in ages. It's real-time movement, where, deployed from your port in Holy Loch, you are assigned tasks ranging from inserting a marine task force into a soviet naval base, to raiding a valuable convoy escorted by destroyers. Each time you return to Holy Loch for R&R there are messages about the mood of the men, as well as your own thoughts and messages from your XO, really putting you in the game. News clippings inform you of the land war's progress as well, and when you manage to sink an enemy landing task force, heading for a friendly port, the next day you may see a clipping concerning the sucessful defense of said port, and you think; ""I had a hand in that""It's just great, trust me.As for the sub combat itself, the gameplay can range from sneeki breeki silent sub, skirting enemies into their baffles, and then nailing them from behind while they never even detected you, to sending three torpedoes at the flagship of a fleet, then diving while the rest of the fleet pummels the sea around you, to sneaking into the center of a convoy, undetected, incinerating the high value merchant ships, and then running while the escorting destroyers rush back to protect their now-flaming charges. It all comes down to your desicions, and abilites as sub commander.The one thing I dislike about this game is the price tag. I think it's fair for a game dev to charge the price they want, but in this day and age I'm pretty sure most ""Non-AAA"" titles charge between 10-30 dollars for their games. Killerfish is arguably more significant than indie devs, but I wouldn't go comparing them to Ubisoft or EA. The other thing is, this title was one of the few that opted out of the summer sale, which was disappointing, considering nearly every current game on the store tends to do that.In the end, I just think you should buy the game dude."
,Recommended,541210,34380140,Posted: 20 August,all,see dash,"After years of dodging airplanes and botching my torpedo solutions in Silent Hunter IV, I was ready for submarines that don't need to surface and whose torpedos are smarter than I am. I chose to start in 1968 so that I wasn't too shocked by the fade-forward. I got torpedoed once by an enemy whom I never detected and then subsequently torpedoed myself twice while getting embarrassed by Soviets who would just outrun my weaponry. I restarted in 1984 to get an advantage and then was finally able to complete missions and return to base without the admiral making fun of me, although I still almost killed myself with a torpedo once -- extremely shameful. Fun game, wish I could walk around the sub in first person and say swear words at the crew but other than that it's been satisfying."
76561198217483215,Recommended,541210,32301108,Posted: 9 June,all,Crosswarrior444,This is a great simulation game for stratagists and I apologize for my spelling.lol Its alot fun and takes paitience. But is a high price for what it is and seems like its still being developed. It feels like its still in beta in some areas but other than that I love the game.
,Recommended,541210,33128481,Posted: 2 July,all,Pindie,"Awesome game, but lots of polish is necessary.The two campaigns are not adjusted correctly to the tech level, later one being much easier because your torpedoes are not outrun by every enemy ship with ease. The early campaign is impossible.No support for stick/throttle and controller(!!!) is a major issue. It's 2017, we need to have standards and this will be a game for sim fans.Mission variery is OK, nothing to write home about.World map is bare bones. No mission markers or anything.Time accelration does not go nearly far enough.Time in woprld map goes way fast, on the other hand.Sea bottom and water look dull.The AI is very good.Sensor simulation is OK, I have noiticed target aspect does not affect active sonar returns however."
,Recommended,541210,32840712,Posted: 26 June,all,SandalphoN,Excellent game!
,Recommended,541210,32212706,Posted: 5 June,all,Ninja,"-> Fire wire-guided torpedo-> Bank hard left to avoid enemy torpedo-> My torpedo's wire breaks, loosing connection to firecontrol-> My torpedo homes onto me-> My torpedo destroys me10/10-IGN"
76561198050971909,Recommended,541210,34669055,Posted: 1 September,all,F4TheGold,Real nice game. Takes me back to Red storm rising but this is better :)
,Not Recommended,541210,32211690,Posted: 5 June,all,NeoG,"It is unfortunate that the devs, after developing a good engine base for the game/simulation managed to so thoroughly f--- it up.Honestly, even if the aim was for a more casual arcade setting, I would accept it, if the developers could have at least built upon two decades of history in the genre.Not only do you have to manually set coordinates for weapons (which is the captains and XOs job, and fun), you also have to MANUALLY steer a nuclear submarine, set velocity, manualy park it to periscope or for that matter ANY depth, manually steer to a direction and then correct it back... it is just such a terrible implementation. I mean, games almost twenty years ago let you set depth, direction and speed targets, not because they were trying to be super realistic sims, but because it is actually necessary for the game to be playable under its premise. You are supposed to be the captain of a submarine at war. This game should be named ""enlisted planesman summa tactical"".But it gets worse, because while the bridge of a sub will have at least a couple of sonar techs to actually do their jobs identifying contacts, in this case, on top of manually driving a sub, keeping an eye on the contact board, taking evasive actions, controlling wire guided torpedos, manually IDing perscope contacts and captaining a ship, you also have to... do the sonarman's job?C'mon guys. I understand that there will be pleople who will enjoy this sort of challenge, or specific functions, but you could have added settings with options to make them automatic? Wasn't that the whole point of making the game more arcade and fun?At least I'll say I like the strategic map and dynamic campaign idea, but not the fact that it can't be stopped (it just runs by itself in accelerated time speed). Also add a time compression option during tactical play... In fact, I don't expect or want a dangerous waters super real sim, but at least build upon older releases like sub commander, 668i, fleet command, harpoon etc for sensible concepts and implementations. So dissapointed. I'll expect you to work to address all these valid concerns before I can recommend this to anyone else.Who knows, maybe with all these issues fixed, a somewhat improved UI and a workshop, we can do some amazing things with this game as it has a really good basic foundation."
76561197965096355,Recommended,541210,35025752,Posted: 17 September,all,Havoc[CH],"Was attacked with two torpedos. Evaded torpedos. Identified enemy ping. Fired three torpedos blindly in direction of ping. Killed two subs. 10/10 would blindly spam torpedos again.No seriously, it's a great game that deserves your support! Thx Killerfish Games!"
76561198163275618,Recommended,541210,32625014,Posted: 21 June,all,GR_Tiger,"Its a wonderfull game, I hope some bugs to be corrected and it will be ""F... Yeah"" game. I saw that they have mods for controling soviet submarines, so why not to have also a Soviet campaign. I recommend the game its amazing."
76561198062882001,Recommended,541210,33341871,Posted: 7 July,all,portraitofsanity,"This will be a very good game.  Right now, there's a couple AI things, and some repetitveness in the gameplay.  The mechanics, and interface are frankly brilliant. This is just the right level of simulation for most.  My main gripe is content though.  I really hope the developer's promises of more content are true, because 2 campaigns and a few single missions is a little light for a game like this.  Really hoping to see the alleged Soviet campaign, and hopefully a Brit one too.  Would also be cool if you could command missile subs and not just fast attacks.Honestly, as it stands if you're into subs and the cold war, you need this game.  If you're not, I'd wait for more development."
76561198049497820,Recommended,541210,33410326,Posted: 9 July,all,Hitch,"I really like this game. I spent a short time onboard a submarine and I can say that there are a lot of details they got right. It's pretty different from a lot of other sub games I've played.It's just a freakin fun game, but can be a little complicated if you don't take the time to play through the tutorials!I recommend you watch a few people go through the gameplay before you buy.I would recommend that you wait for a sale and then pick this game up! It's a great deal at $20, and a fair one at $40."
76561198007911511,Recommended,541210,33389915,Posted: 8 July,all,beals_scott,Please !!!!!! When will there be a course/speed/depth keyboard/f-key added. Still dont understand how such a basic thing would be leftout of game.
76561197983990715,Recommended,541210,33357555,Posted: 7 July,all,Zthulux,"This is the first submarine pseudo-sim that I actually enjoyed. It's a perfect combination of sim, strat, and arcade.  They didn't overdo it on the simulation part, but it's got plenty of sim to keep those of us who are casual naval warfare geeks happy.  I think this game has a lot of headroom as well and I wouldn't be surprised to see some serious expansions released for it.  On a high end system, the graphics are pretty good and it doesn't tax your system. You can easily play it on a middle of the road laptop.I think this is the best sub game out there right now."
76561198007259813,Recommended,541210,32282129,Posted: 8 June,all,RSharpe,"This game is surprisingly enjoyable and it really scratches the nosgalgia itch of classic games like 688 Attack Sub and Red Storm Rising. There are a few small bugs such as the UI scaling bug for the mini map, but I'm sure these will be easily fixed. The game is surprisingly small and lightweight, and runs well on mobile systems."
76561198013759270,Recommended,541210,32213799,Posted: 5 June,all,Rabble,"A Cold war Silent Hunter lite.Easy to learn, hard to master.Nothing like sinking a few warships then fleeing like a coward when you are detected and then dying anyway because you thought you were playing WW2 Silent Hunter and somehow forgot this game had modern ASW weapons. :-("
76561198069902948,Recommended,541210,32217049,Posted: 6 June,all,Laser-Fist,A very fun and entertaining game that is just enough sim to have a decent amount of realism and just enough game to prevent it from being tedious. A wholehearted recommend.
76561198006610043,Recommended,541210,32422019,Posted: 14 June,all,Roger Mexico,"Now I am a total sub nut, so I may be biased.This game puts you in charge of a single nuclear attack submarine. The game is mostly 3rd persons. You have options of playing either the single missions or doing the campaign.  It definitely reminds me of Red Storm Rising.Have't played it too much but am really enjoying myself.  The graphics are more than adequate. There is a large variety of ships. It is a good compromise between arcadey and simulation.  It definitely feels more like a real PC game than their other title Atlantic Fleet, which I also enjoyed.There are a wide variety of sensors to be used, which adds to the depth, but much simpler to use than in Sub Command or Dangerous Waters.  As I was saying, a good balance between arcade and simulation. Firing weapons is also very easy.  What you really need to concentrate on is manuevering your ship.Plusses+ Graphics+ Ship Variety+ Overall Presentation+ Dynamic Campaign - All great sub games must have a dynamic campaign.Negatives+ Lack of VO - would really add to the imersiveness.+ Lack of a mission/campaign creator. At a $40 price point I worry a little about the amount of content, although theoretically the dynamic campaign should be different every time."
,Not Recommended,541210,32335980,Posted: 10 June,all,IndexOverflow,"Steam's ""thumbs system"" isn't very fair to Cold Waters. There's a lot to like about this game, the tension and suspenseof hunting ... and being hunted is great, and is guaranteed to keep you playing for a good while. However, a lot of thatexcitement comes from understanding the games' mechanics, which is easier said than done. The tutorial is woeful and barelytouches on the finer details. A text manual is provided, but it seems so half-hearted and poorly written that I don't see how it can be a replacement for a proper, tutorial.In many ways, the game feel a lot like an early-access title: The campaign is completely nonsensical and only serves to frustrate, than provide any reason for playing. To be a bit harsh, I find it inexcusable that the campaign lacks a proper save function, and furthermore, forces you to click ""continue"" to a series of boring and uninspired text.I’ve always been intrigued by sub games, but most of them have turned me off by their unapproachable gameplay. Cold Waters comes closerthan most, but in the end fall to the same trap. After a while it becomes frustrating to fight the seemingly all-seeing Soviets and never understandingwhat you’re doing wrong.All said, I’m sure sub sim fans will love it. But for a casual, amateur captain it eventually sinks."
,Not Recommended,541210,33156662,Posted: 2 July,all,Cheesy Wotsit,"What I wanted from this was a vague representation of the realities of a Cold War gone Hot. A chance to see what it would be like if the technically superior US / UK boats had to go up against their generally inferior USSR counterparts. Sneaking up on your Russian enemies using your quieter boat, tagging them with your suprerior Sonar systems and then being able to decide if shooting and giving your position away is worthwhile or holding fire for a better chance.This is not this game. To put it in simple terms every encounter comes down to shoot them before they shoot you. The concept of running silent, running deep, deciding to keep at all quiet and hope the bad guy gets in to a good position to shoot at or risk it all and run the course before dropping to all quiet and sitting like a 'hole in the water' does not exist at all in this game.It's clear that the game is meant to be a game version of Hunt For Red October because the in game engine, display and controls give plenty of opportunity for launch counter measures and tanks blow let's put her on the roof gameplay but once the novelty has worn off you see what a shallow gameplay mechanic it is.The encounters all revolve around assign a fire solution and kill them before they detect you, if they detect you then go full last half hour of Hunt For Red October and hope the five torpedos the enemies have launched at you miss. The only issue is the game has mission in it that actually force you to use stealth, that force you in to waters where you simply cannot recreate those action packed scenes from Hunt For The Red October and when you're crawling along at 1/3 with 'all quiet' and then enemy is showing no signs of seeing you and then all of a sudden they open up with their rocket propelled depth charges and hit your EXACT location to within an 8th of an inch, the illusion that this game is anything more than an arcade sub driving action game is lost.Oh don't get me wrong it can be tense and it can be fun but it only works when you are in the correct parts of the map doing the correct missions. Those are fleet hunts in deep waters. Any mission that requires work that involves real stealth or takes part in shallow water and you are going to have a bad day and worse still the game does not allow you to pick the location. Once an engagement starts you are forced to engage, now if the situation didn't work in my favour I could at least sit on the bottom and use time accelerate, then quit out once the enemy has moved on, but the enemy doesn't move on, they seem to know you are there and they will hunt and in most cases find you (yup even sitting on the bottom, all quiet with no engines running) and kill you. You are forced to engage. You can if you're lucky go deep, turn away from the enemy and then run at full steam and hope you can get clear, only problem you then leave the engagement drop back to the world map only to then get immediatly put back in to the engagement map with the same enemies you just ran from.The game looks great, the gameplay is simple but can be fun and tense, but only in the right mission types but it isquiet a long way from being a simulation."
,Recommended,541210,35080476,Posted: 20 September,all,crow,"Fantastic game!Easy to learn, given it's scope (which is quite impressive in my opinion), good tutorials, good docs.I love how the campaign works and how I don't have to sit out long ocean transit times while traveling to the mission objectives, and still, as soon as there's a sonar contact or something interesting happens, the game takes you straight into it. Beautiful graphics (whithout requiring a monster gaming rig) nice sound effects, super immersive!Well done! Love it!"
76561198239811574,Recommended,541210,35002630,Posted: 16 September,all,Cipher_077,"I've been a fan of Killerfish games since their first game which was a mobile only turn based naval warfare game that came before Atlatic Fleet, which is avalable for the PC. This game in question, Cold Waters is amazing and has quite a lot of depth to it. Weapons are intuitive and satisfying to use, there is a deep tactical layer to it and the AI follows real Cold War era tactics (and can be way too smart in higher difficulties) and feels as attached to their ships as you are to your sub. Sonar model is realistic and complex as are most subsystems and the game is quite a lot of fun. My only complaints are that there are few types of missions to complete, but each engagement feels unique and exilarating."
,Recommended,541210,33658907,Posted: 19 July,all,>>>>----------->,"Love it - the game's immersive, and perfect for enthusiasts and casual players alikeIt would seem complicated at first but with a learning the hard way and consulting tutorials and the fun starts rolling inThere's also a really exciting feel to being under hundreds of feet of water not knowing what's out there"
76561197983722586,Recommended,541210,35312030,Posted: 29 September,all,AoD_lexandro,"This is a great game. With some additional content, and a few more sim esq extras this would be one stellar game for naval fans. Not a full sim, but not full arcade either. It blends the two very nicely to give the player the right tools for the job, without too much fuss or faffing. It has simple and easy modding support, and custom mission & campaign creation tools as standard.Not as in depth (pardon the pun) as Silent Hunter 4 and its game mechanics, but has a similar campaign system. Definately one to have for sub fans, and definately lives up to the ""spiritual successor"" strapline.Gets my thumbs up of approval."
,Recommended,541210,32491122,Posted: 16 June,all,Count of War,"Hello everyone! I'm a long-time fan of other naval games, primarily Silent hunter series and some other naval combat games, from full realism to strategy and other such.Now I have played a few hours (around 6) by the time i wrote this review, I felt that I had seen just about all the game has to offer in that timeframe, mostly the campaign though, I played the tutorials which were very helpful but a little difficult to fully understand at first. This game is ment to be a light simulator, using mostly hotkey controls to control your sub from launching weapons, reloading them, controling the movement of the sub and balasts and even raising 3 different masts including the pariscope. That's just about where this game finds most of its difficulty is learning all of the controls for all of the intuitive stuff you can do with your sub but after you learn them (which is relatively easy to do) You really get moving, you know what to do, how to move and such.Now this game is quite difficult at times outside of human error, the game itself offers plenty of missions to complete and a campaign of sorts to go about watching WW3 play out in only one playing field that spans from britain and greenland to the northern side of russia, norway, sweden and includes denmark and the upper portion of germany. So first of all, the campaign, what is it like?:The campaign is very bland, flat, hardly diverse and can be very repetetive, the most fun you get out of it is playing in the battles and contolling your sub, but the map is severely lacking! It has no moving units on land, has moving enemy ships and sub groups on a 2D planar field, no direction of movement so you never know where they are going. The ground units are the same tanks, when one nation pushes those same tank units turn blue or red to indicate who took what, the war unfolds around you and you do influence it a bit by completing missions, but they are often the same ones:Attack this sub group, take out this resupply group, take out this sub group trying to go to this location before they get there and you don't really know which one is your mission which isn't a problem! That's the challenge. The campaign map and mission variety is severely lacking, you get a few sub choices, some are small and nimble, others are large and can take on longer missions (mostly the los angeles-class) apart from that you can't play any of the surface vessels, no russian subs, it's only NATO available right now.The battles:Now the battles are ABSOLUTELY STUNNING for an indie game like this, the water displacement is very real and feels awesome, even how it looks when water washes over your missile-like submarines! The underwater is just about as stunning and strategic at times from deep deep oceans to shallow shorelines, the maps are pretty diverse at times. The problem is that's it, you go to the mission, do some off the same stuff over and over again, kill the same targets and go back to port to rearm if need be.Cons:-Severely lacking and lazy campaign map design lacking much needed tools and complexity as well as a way to set a course rather than click-hold move, trying to dodge islands and land masses sticking out is a SUPER pain in the♥♥♥♥♥-Cannot play as russians (My opinion on this con as i felt it would have added a 2 sided standpoint and different challenges of being the underdog submarine in terms of tech)-Battles are repetative along with missions.-Torpedos feel over challenging, you will find yourself punching the screen when you can't shake a torpedo that's been following you for miles! It feels like the deterrents aren't powerful enough and the torpedos just keep coming!-Lacks much needed variety!Pros:-Tutorial is a little complicated to understand but still helps the learning curve-New players can learn the game pretty fast and jump in to play.-Graphics are pretty great for an indie developer!-Tactics are a key part of the game, requiring stealth, planning and logistics to succeed while still giving some major challenges!-Controls are responsive and wont let you down, which can be vital when dodging homing torpedos.-Game is challenging, maybe sometimes over challenging when you go up against anti-sub ships but will keep you sweating for sure when you're dodging torpedos from sub hunting ships and aircraft, rotary and fixed wings.-This game lacks some replayability but it makes up in how fun and graphically pleasing it can be at some times and will keep you clenching your butt.Suggestions:-make russian subs playable to the same degree and complexity.-Make surface vessels, commandable and go sub hunting to varietize the game!-Improve the campaign map, seriously, it needs some serious work upgrading and making it easier to move around on and know where your enemies are going!Thank you all for reading my review, I hope it was enough to help you understand the game, i must say I do recommend it  but it's not worth the price its being sold at, it does have its fun quirks but just needs more."
,Recommended,541210,35059685,Posted: 19 September,all,CaptFranks,I like this game alot. I have been waiting a long time for a proper submarine game. It reminds me of Tom clancys SSN when I was a kid. Not to hard to learn and the tutorial work really well. The game is not finshed though. Sometimes I can see my Sub next second there is a graphic glitch. It does take away from the fun as it happens almost every time I play. I hope they can fix this issue and add more tostory or a multiplayer component. Story mode was way to short and you run out of things to do after a few hours. This game is not worth 43$ CAN but at 20-30 would be a great buy.
76561197970170456,Recommended,541210,32321460,Posted: 10 June,all,Aegrim,"Intense gameplay, needs some work and more infomation on weapons (ranges, depth limitations etc).Currently has a bug that makes the campaign impossible (decoys don't replenish in port, so eventually you run out and won't be able to evade most torps)"
,Recommended,541210,32326887,Posted: 10 June,all,FlightFight,A bit pricey but a great game so far :)Love how hard it is
76561197970837666,Recommended,541210,32259128,Posted: 7 June,all,mr_evil,"I loved the ""silent hunter"" games but this is in many ways better and in some ways not better All controls feel realistic and it can take time to learn smooth sailing in the subs but once you get it it´s great, textures and graphics are good but missing in my oppinion diversity in the way ships and subs sink when they explode the other thing that bothers me about this game is that fired torpedoes that miss the target allmost endlessly move that is they do not seem to have a range limit, for exaple playing this game i have managed twice to sink my sub with my own torpedoes becaus of they´re endless range.Comparing this to the silent hunter games this game is more demanding on the player and more of an experiance but a lot of fun to play"
,Recommended,541210,32322228,Posted: 10 June,all,Dancid,"Love this game, so much fun.  One of the few games that is still incredibly fun while being extremely challenging.  Like other posters have said, this is a beatiful marriage of realism and arcade.  Arcade in the sense that's is all 3rd person PoV, realistic in the sense that you have fairly accurate passive and active sonar, and a realistic sonar profiling system and torpedo guide wires that can be broken if running too fast or turning away too far from your torpedoes trajectory.  The campaign is a very interesting concept, what you succeed or fail in seems to influence the war, but it's still a bit unpolished, but devs are working on it. Excellent stuff."
,Recommended,541210,32222830,Posted: 6 June,all,sergemarzolo89,"Enjoying so far.Have completed all tutorial missions, which are sufficient to get the basics down.Progressed on to a quick mission- duel against another sub (very happy success) and then started the campaign.Initially confused what to do in the campaign ( need to point and click to manoeuvre on the map), restarted, moved to an enemy marker, engaged, blips everywhere, torpedoes everywhere, helicopters everywhere, managed to sink one enemy with torpedo and damage another with a missile before being sunk.As others have said, feels casual enough to grasp quite quickly, but is going to require some thought and learning to truly get the hang of and play well.Could never get into silent hunter in the past but I'm getting the feeling I'm going to enjoy this.Price feels quite high for what it is, would like to have an option to play as ships instead of purely subs to give more variation.7/10 for me so far."
76561197972310566,Recommended,541210,32258695,Posted: 7 June,all,Lono,"Being a fan of a few different kinds of simulator games and being particularly excited to see a modern sub game. I was happy to see someone having a crack at the genre since we don't have a lot of modern options.First up, the game is not the next Sub Command. There is nowhere near the level of detail or complexity and that works as both a plus and a minus. The obvious minus being that the game plays slightly more simplified than a proper saltwater-in-your-beard sub sim.It falls a little below Silent Hunter in complexity. What makes this work however is it streamlines the gameplay and lets you focus on 5 or 6 tasks. You feel this stripping back was a definite gameplay decision. You are usually managing contacts, trying to fix a firing solution, manuvering between thermal layers, avoiding their sensors and planning your course. Love it or hate it, the devs put it in there or cut it out for a reason. And you have to respect their commitment to what they are going for if nothing else.I have no doubt that salty dogs who played 668 Hunter Killer could play this in their sleep while grumbling about the simplification of the genre. But the games ramped up speed and tighter focus means that the moment to moment gameplay is actually neat and hectic. As a person who enjoys ponderous and slow building in sims and other games. I can understand people writing this game off. But it does a really neat job of having entertaining gameplay (so far)At first I was slightly disappointed when I saw the UI. It is deceptively basic. And I will hold that against the game to a certain extent.However, within a half hour I had grasped all of the concepts and was ready to implement them all. This game is sim lite. It's hard to compare it without being reductive. But when it's cooking it's cooking with heat.However, a problem this game faces is that the kind of people who like sub sims are already well served with some very detailed older games that would daunt a newcomer who was not intimately familiar with thermal layers, knuckles, (No not him) towed arrays and cavitation in submarines (as opposed to pistol shrimp that could probably solve the energy crisis in we could harness the energy in their Fist Of The North Star punches with the heat of a sun that cavitate so hard it scrambles a fish's nervous system, (ahem, excuse me))To be fair, Cold Water is a game that anyone can get to grips with after the tutorial and master after a few encounters.It also does not hurt that the specs are pretty low and the game looks nice if a little sparse and simplified. This is not like Silent Hunter 5 where you can see the despair rendered in your W.O.'s eyes or the tide gently lapping the boat. It's low budget, sparse and tightly focused in presentation.The game certainly has flaws. It's tutorials, while decent for someone who has played a lot of sub games, could do with being fleshed out and assuming the player knows nothing about modern sub warfare. I would be happy to see a link to a bunch of youtube videos. It's a fascinating subject and I think you could draw in a lot of people if you could explain the appeal. There are bugs, to be sure. Some graphical and gameplay, I got some horrible graphics problems installing it on my laptop. I also really wish the camera was tethered to your ship. It's too easy to pull your camera around and see the position of an enemy target. A great part in Silent Hunter was listening to your Sonar operator calling out bearings and you trying to draw a picture of the scene. The periscope feels utterly pointless except for the firing solution points it gives you. It should be fun and cool to use. While I praised the overall design earlier, this is the stuff that really bugs me. The game has zero athmospere. Whereas Silent Hunter felt like an adaptation of Das Boot. That's a game where when you set off on patrol you end up at your computer eating lemons and discussing the pros and cons of Nazism with the guy who got his arms ripped off in Judge Dredd. (Unless you do that anyway.)I also have to wonder about the long term play. While I am the last person to moan about including multi player. It is something that really could have added some longevity. Also, having explored and getting handy with all the gameplay features, it's only a matter of time before it becomes stale. Other sims tend to have huge expansive worlds where something as simple as a patrol mission can be wracked with tension and excitement at the prospect of oiled dudes ramming torpedos into launch tubes. (Seriously watch Das Boot, it's such a good movie.)In Silent Hunter. You know if you try and go to certain areas, you are crossing patrol and shipping lanes. And while they try something similar here, it feels like small potatos. (or lemons)I normally hate to harp on about game costs. But €36 for the game and charging €10 for the alright soundtrack seems a bit much and I am certain will put some people off. I certainly considered a refund after seeing the simplicity of the game, but I gave it a chance and while I am sure it will drop to €25 in the next sale, I am enjoying it, so I guess I am happy enough with the money spent. Your experience might varyI will come back and edit this review as I get deeper into the game. I just wanted to try people like me who are happy to skate by that arcadey line in their sims. If sims or subs are not a subject you find fascinating then this game is not for you. It's a neat lite-sim that captures the mood and feel of commanding a nuclear sub.I will say if you like Silent Hunter, there is a good chance you might enjoy this. If you live for the old school low res sub sims, then I guess you will have an unhappy(ier) life."
76561197971109655,Recommended,541210,32272261,Posted: 8 June,all,Goodspeed,"Quietly stalking enemy sub, this is easy he has no clue.Fire torpedo 1!Torpedo heading right for target, wire breaks, oh well no matter it's headed right for him, he's done for.Sub takes evasive action, torpedo misses.Torpedo circles around, now heading back towards me.3...2...1... torpedo impact, I'm dead.Thumbs up, would torpedo myself again."
76561197960386816,Recommended,541210,35009279,Posted: 16 September,all,Attack Rabbit,"Reminds me a lot of Red Storm Rising on the C64, only with great 3D graphics.  Great tense sound track and deep rewarding game play."
,Recommended,541210,32247871,Posted: 7 June,all,"Yusuke Kitagawa, Master Painter","A neat, tense Cold War-era sub sim in the vein of Red Storm Rising. The controls are simple in comparison to things like Silent Hunter, and you don't have individually modelled crew stations or an interior view, but quite frankly these things aren't necessary in Cold Waters; it's very tense and atmospheric.Grognards might confuse accessibility for shallowness, but Cold Waters is a plenty deep game. The controls, like I said before, are very simple and easy to pick up, and much of the learning curve is conceptual. Sonar, radar, positioning and speed, cavitation, thermal layers - there are lots of variables to keep track of, and a great deal of tactical complexity.The game offers both single missions and two campaigns (US only), all of which are semi-random (single missions have a fixed scenario but random enemy placement and selection - you can rely on The Duel to only spawn 1 enemy SSN, but you don't know which SSN until you've identified it).All in all, Cold Waters is a very good game, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys submarine sims as well as anyone who is interested but daunted by more complex games."
,Recommended,541210,32271925,Posted: 8 June,all,Ronanwar,"This game is absolutely fantastic. I never played it's predecessors but very much enjoyed the silent hunter series. At first I was quite skeptical about the UI and overall quality but boy was I mistaken. It's the perfect balance between difficult and easy. At times it can be quite intimidating and creepy. The music plays a huge role in this and frankly, I am quite impressed. Manning a nuclear submarine being surrounded by warships, planes, helicopters, and submarines really inspires creative executions. I must also state that this game has fantastic replayablility. $39.99 may be a little too much and I can understand why others might state so as well. I promise you if you enjoy careful planning, creepy music, replayability, wide oceans, dark oceans, stealth, etc... you will have a fantastic time."
76561198084403556,Recommended,541210,32247399,Posted: 7 June,all,ThePanzerFan,"Very Good Game but it is really disappointing that there are only so few single missions plus Editor that was present in AF and PF is missing completely. As it is now, i think the game is not worth 36 EUR especially since for a computer game like this i expected generally a bit more. (Graphics Effects, Sounds, Voices, Content).Personally i really wanted to play as Soviets, which would have been so nice if the game had an Editor Feature just like AF or PF. Just messing around with all Ship and Sub Types and writing your own history so to say.I know it has been said that Modding is supported, but at this moment that is really lackluster. I expected Steam Workshop support, but again, nothing there.I mean, AF had more content and costs less. Just saying. This game NEEDS more development ASAP as the potential Is HUGE. Nevertheless, Devs did a great job at what is already in game. Only thing that may need improvement is things like, for example, you get spotted thousands of miles infront of a soviet port, and their ASW Planes etc are instantly present. Also Weapon guiding of Torpedoes and Missiles is pretty confusing, just as different Evasion, Spotting etc Tactics. IMO there should be an Option to enable In Game Tips that tell you what to do in certain event so you dont panic.Another small thing is the lack of access to Unit Reference in battle. I spotted a Grisha III once and had no idea what that even is. Since i had no acccess to Unit Reference i could not see what that ship was capable of and got sunk..."
76561197998083258,Recommended,541210,32247550,Posted: 7 June,all,tbrsim,"This is an almost straight remake of Red Storm Rising from the eighties, but with 3D graphics. It is neither fully simulation nor fully arcade but soemthing inbetween. This is by design. If you like some sub action that you can quickly get into with  both scripted missions and a dynamic campaign this is your game.The game is beautiful, especially when noting the download size of just a CD-ROM's worth. Performance is high even with minimally capable computersAt the moment there are some few bugs and balance issues but the developers have avery good record in supporting their previous game."
,Recommended,541210,32720906,Posted: 24 June,all,Coda,It's dangerous waters without the parts that make dangerous waters tedious to play. An excellent but some what repeative campagin makes it well worth the money.
76561197997181047,Recommended,541210,33291506,Posted: 5 July,all,Carde,"Cold Waters is a fun mix between game and sim, a lot of good research went into it and many details are very well reprisented, but the gameplay itself remains fun most of the time. It is not a realistic game in many ways although some argue that the 1964 campaign is more realistic than the 1984 one, however the 64 one is a pain unless you mod it and get some proper subs with proper torpedoes to use :)It is a game however that is not forgiving, even on easy things can turn from all is fine to o ♥♥♥♥ing hell full dive, flank speed as you get torpedoes airdropped on you in close range. To me there are two main ways to play the game, USN way or Soviet way provided you use a mod to unlock the Soviet subs for player use (can be found on subsim and is really easy to instal). USN is all about beeing as sneaky as you can using your superior sonar and arguably torpedoes. Soviet way is a lot more agressive using speed and active sonar more often to get in close, unleash hell and then run like hell. Both are fun in their own ways.The Campaigns can be drawn out quite long, or can be completed in a few hours. I completed the 84 campaign in 10 in days in game with just 1 resupply for example. That said I was lucky not to have to deal with the land strike missions or seal team insertions which can be a pain to pull off successfully, but the devs are working on it and that is a key things the devs are very much involved and listening and coming up with changes which is a great boon these days.So is the game worth getting? Well if you enjoy the setting and a sub sim light I suppose you can call then I would say yess. If you are not sure check out some streams from people like Jive Turkey and see what you think. At 40 Bucks it is a lot for what can be precieved as limited content, but I think how each mission works it is never the same and I rarely feel bored."
,Recommended,541210,32282365,Posted: 8 June,all,Nate S.,"Spectacular. I keep trying to get into Sub Command and Dangerous Waters, but I just don't have the time to climb that steep learning curve. No, Cold Waters is not as accurate a simulation, but one can jump right in and kick Ivan's naval posterior. The graphics are better than any of those old sims, but it is glitchy (PLEASE FIX GUISE!). Overall: Love it. Don't expect the depth of a sonalyst sim, just play and enjoy."
,Recommended,541210,33424397,Posted: 10 July,all,HaunterHero,"This game is great worth every penny. the devs are really cool as they often will respone to dessucions, and it seems they might may a russian campain. if you are not a tactical player and expect some sub call of duty♥♥♥♥♥♥.. you can probibly do that on easy if you are a scrub, up to you."
76561198002451187,Recommended,541210,32222235,Posted: 6 June,all,Dark Luke,"I was really looking forward to this simulation. I think the Devs are going in the right direction, but the game needs a lot more polishing to be considered a great game if you ask me. Especially UI and Sound needs improvement please!"
,Recommended,541210,32213149,Posted: 5 June,all,Commissar1032,"A very fun yet simplified sub-sim. As long as you play the tutorial and read the manual you are fine. It has replayability and the dev team is modding friendly so there will be most likely more content for this in the future one way or another. For anyone who wants to ree about this not being Silent Hunter, well it isn't so hush yourself and quit spooking potential players with hate reviews. Like others have stated, this genre is very ""niche"" with a VERY niche community, let's not throw torpedos in our ""glass""/steel houses hmm....On an aesthetic side note the soundtrack is to die for and the campaign art/loading screens give me one hell of a World in Conflict vibe which is for sure a plus.TLDR-Fun to play-Easy to pick up-The tutorial is very helpful-There is a pdf in the main folder to read up-Plethora of subs to play as and CCCP units to kill-Ya need to pay attention to what you are doing-Dev's are modding friendly"
76561197978672903,Recommended,541210,32223160,Posted: 6 June,all,Radar09,"I like this game. If I had to rate it I'd give it a 7-8 out of 10. It's not perfect but it is a lot of fun.I love the Cold War setting. It's always been a fascinating point in history for me and one that I feel is underserved in the game market, especially if you're not a hardcore strategy/sim player. This is also true of naval games. They tend to be either too hardcore, or too arcadey. This game is a nice balance of the two. It's suitably complex for gamers who want more than something like World of Warships, and watered down enough for those who don't want to learn a whole new job just to play a game like with Dangerous Waters. Not that I'm saying anything negative about those games. The graphics are nice enough, for me anyway, and I'm loving the entirety of the audio experience so far.Where I'm dissapointed is that I was hoping for something a little more similar to Atlantic Fleet (turn based) but the game is very much real time, with no pause feature other than going to the options menu (that I've found at least). The tutorials could use a little more explanation though there is a reasonably in depth help section in the game. It's just that it can be a lot of reading and I feel that it would work better as part of the in game tutorial. Finally, there's no explanation of how to move on the campaign map, though it's pretty simple once you figure it out. Point the mouse in the direction you want to move, hold left mouse to move fast, hold right to move slow (and I'm assuming the movement rate influences your detection) and I'd like a little more info on the world map as well instead of the generic surface, sub, and aircraft icons I've been seeing. Finally, there isn't any explination of how to navigate the reference or sub selection screens, not even buttons to move forward or back. (it's just A and D)Overall, this game is fun, deep enough that you have to think and plan, shallow enough that you don't have to spend hours watching YouTube tutorials on how to operate the systems, and just generally entertaining. Is it worth the price? I think it could be sold for a little less maybe. I don't mind it myself but YMMV. Definitely worth getting on a sale though."
,Recommended,541210,32559304,Posted: 19 June,all,Commissar_Dan,"Such a good game! Walks the line between fun and challenging perfectly so long as you have the patience to play like an actual submarine commander. This is $40 I do not regret spending in the slightest!However, there is one cavieat I would like to mention so that this review isn't biased to hell and backPatience IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST. Going in with active sonar blazing only brings the hammer of the Red Fleet down faster. Also, there's a lot of time spent waiting for a firing solution to be updated (meaning, you'll have more information for when you fire your torpedoes/missiles (yeah you can fire missiles at surface ships)). Also, if you play with 60's submarines this is exacerbated to an insane degree as your only torpedo with sonar moves agonizingly slow. And your fastest torpedo is a leftover from WW2."
76561197993464943,Recommended,541210,32493950,Posted: 16 June,all,BroJo,"I love submarine games, especially the ones made by Sonalysts. Those games are more simulations than games, though, and they didn't have a big audience. Cold Waters is more of a game, but the simulation is just realistic enough to have me hooked. The gamey parts of the design are good at making it more exciting, for example, when trying to evade torpedoes.I strongly recommend Cold Waters!"
76561198083838704,Recommended,541210,35018482,Posted: 17 September,all,Coldkone,"Should you get this game?Short answer: YesLong answer: YeeeeessNo but seriously, this game is fantastic.Things i like:+ Graphics are nice: Not too ''ultra'', but too ''low'' either: Good graphical performance and it also looks really good.+ Good models: Ships, submarines, planes, helicopters and ect. are well made and these really fit to the environment.+ 2 Campaigns: 1968 and 1984.+ Many submarines to play (I personally like Los Angeles -class the most).+ Many different classes of submarines and ships: Over 40 different classes+ Detailed tactical map+ Good voice acting+ Good sonar model+ Many different weapons to use: Deeper tactical possibilites and gameplay.+ Good soundtrack and sounds+ Day/night+ Diverse and easy to learn controls+ Tactics to escape torpedoes: Example noisemakers and ''knuckles''.Neutral:+/- No soviet/warsaw campaigns: To me, it's totally fine to play on NATO's side, but some people may want to play as Soviet Union/ Warsaw Pact's side.Overall: Really well made game with good pricetag.Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,541210,35023056,Posted: 17 September,all,Schooter64,my own torpedo picked up on my sub and killed me 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,541210,35055376,Posted: 18 September,all,TSRVTC | bigmac,very good game i would recommend
,Recommended,541210,32617433,Posted: 21 June,all,Conan,"First of, this game has a learning curve not dissimilar of a brick wall; the controls can be confusing, one needs to have or develop a basic understanding of sub warfare, and the tutorial struggles at times to convey the many different points you need to keep track of to be a successful sub captain. It is very well possible to forget some steps in the heat of combat (like lowering your periscope, EMS mast or radar mast, when going for an emergency dive), so one can get frustrated at needing to repair the sub so often in port because of that.However this game is immensly satisfying when you successfully strike at enemy units and evade all return fire (either through concealment or evasion). Spotting all your targets without them being aware of you, planning your strike and then taking the entire enemy fleet out in a matter of a few short minutes is unforgettable. Overall I do not regret spending my money on this game one bit."
,Recommended,541210,32378018,Posted: 12 June,all,UnusualAttitude,"This sub struck exactly the right balance between sim and game for me. While not as in depth as some simulations, it is a really fun experience. The developer came out with a patch within days of release that fixed a number of the bugs. I'm looking forward to continued play and exploring mods as they come out."
76561197992687121,Recommended,541210,33200076,Posted: 3 July,all,Robbo (AR),"Best submarine game since SH3 hands down.Whilst the price may put you off a bit , in my opinion it's worth every penny.All the fun of trying to torpedo ships and get away, and all the tension of trying to actually get away."
,Recommended,541210,32213185,Posted: 5 June,all,Char0093,"A few complaints So far is the Campaign's System of Contacts. Which, Basically throws you into a Single Mission Style arena. Setting up of an Ambush must take place from the a Big Map, and even then, I'm not always sure if I'm going to be put in the proper position. The Closing Distance Option is okay, Relating to the Sentence above, I'm not sure where the game will throw me in, so I'm not sure where I need to place myself.The other issue is once you're in that instance we'll call it, That's it. If you leave, you fail. Even if your target is still in the SOSUS Line, and you're just repositioning after a 25k yard Approach somehow put them behind you in Your Baffles, you fail. It's a frustration I've never had before, The seeming lack of control to my approach. Perhaps I've been spoiled by Silent Hunter Too much? And perhaps with more hours I'll learn the system and overcome these complaints.Now, GOOD Things. I'm quite in love with most of the OTHER game mechanics. The Controls, Whilst initially confusing to a Veteran SH Skipper, Were quite fun and easy to play around with. From Quick Dives to the slightest of course corrections, with not even maybe 10 minutes of practice, I was having no trouble with control. Treat it like an underwater jumbo jet. Steady corrections are the way to go.Visuals aren't AAA, But, I've already admitted to playing a game series that's over 20 years old. The subs look good, the ships look good, the planes look good. the weapons look good. The Splash art for the Campaign screens are nice too (I See you M60A2 Patton ""Starship"") Sound is good too. The music is a good backdrop to what's going on around you. From just stalking a target, to the Impending approach of ASW Vessels. Weapons sound like you would expect them to. Sonar Pings send that familiar chill down your spine. Noisemakers Make their Noise, And the sound of Depth Charges splashes in the water make sitting in the Tactical Map a no go for me. My only issue here is a lack of Voiced Crew, or audible alerts to certain events. Things that may as well be fixed later down the line. They're certainly not a deal break for me eitherRealism Levels are... Hmm. Sadly I'm not as versed in Cold War Era as most. So I'm a bit lacking here. But I'd say if a Nuke boat Skipper had to deal with something in 1968 or 1984, It's modeled as correctly as possible here. As others have said, It's not 100% ""Do Everything"" Sim. What isn't already Automated by Technology is Automated by trained professionals called ""The Crew"", which would be worrying about these tasks in a real boat anyways.The AI is top Notch. I decided a few times to Mess with them. See what they could do. I was not disappointed. They are Aggressive, Relentless, and more importantly, GOOD at finding and killing you dead. Do not be afraid to drop down to easy until you get a hang of all the mechanics. I'm not going to judge you because all that I have said was done on normal.The Weapons utilized are from what I can ascertain accurate. Though it gives me a little smirk to be in 1968 and firing Mark 16 Torpedoes. It's like reuniting with an old friend, except he's got this new and interesting Idea to get you Killed. (See Above Paragraph)Overall, I have a lot to learn about the game and the mechanics still. But I look forward to learning them. though, I'm kind of disappointed in a lack of NATO Surface Vessels. It would be kind of interesting to see two Task Forces on the map Clash, and sticking yourself into the middle of it. Even as a Spectator it would be a sight to see.Overall 7/10. I would Recommend if you want a Good Cold War Subsim that's Realistic enough to pass as a Simulation. But not as in depth as I've heard Dangerous Waters was.Hours Played to Date: 3 Hours"
76561198007445038,Recommended,541210,32213394,Posted: 5 June,all,morbidfollower,"pretty sweet submarine sim.  To me its the perfect blend between simulation and arcade style. I was a huge fan of seawolf ssn-21 back in the dos days and this has a feel that brings some of that back but in a much tighter modern package. Im really happy I took a chance on this game. only have about 1 1/2 hrs in as of this review, but Im really excited to get to work. Well done."
,Recommended,541210,32214191,Posted: 5 June,all,copperzinc,"This is the only authentic cold war sub sims since Dangerous Waters. It has everything a veteran skipper would want: autentic simulations (but not a emulation so it's still fun to play), decent 3D graphics (hear that Sonalysts?), and a dynamic campaign. I love how torpedos are modeled differently so it can be unguided, guided, and react to countermeaures differently. Tiny touches such as missiles ejecting boosters and stops burning after fuel burns out, water temperature differences causing cavitations at different speeds in different depths.This is not meant to be a replacement for Dangerous Waters, even though it shares many aspects of realism. For example: narrowband sonor classifications are done in the same way but you will not be able to resolve DEMON lines manually for speed estimation. TMA is resolved by your crew so you won't get to use your pencil. You will most likely not have merge track issues with TMA: one contact is one contact, not two or three contacts. You don't get to program multiple waypoints for either the platforms or the weapons, though you can change them dynamically if you still have the wire. Towed array's distance to own ship is non-adjustable, you don't get to fine tune your speed, etc. etc. In summary, the difference is that in this game you play as the ship, while dangerous waters you play as every single damn person in the ship. I actually find this game refreshing in that it's more fun by saving me most tedious aspects of dangerous waters -- the game is still realisitc and difficult, but no longer do I have to keep doing those same chores.Some minor things that can be improved: voiceover, perhaps a way to relay orders other than direct keyboard+mouse control like a action game, perhaps some way of simulating the crew just like simulation of the damage system, dynamic weather and its influence to ocean climate, etc.Punch line: if you want a sub sim that lets you to play a particular station for role play, this game is not for you. But if you want an authentic fun experience of commanding a submarine, and don't mind doing some diggings beside playing the game, then I think you'd enjoy it as much as I do."
76561198415002180,Recommended,541210,34529292,Posted: 27 August,all,Canuckwarrior,"Very good adaptation of the legendary Red Storm Rising (good old memories on my C64).You will need to grasp all the mechanics of the game as it can be quite challenging on Elite difficulty for example.There's loads of videos on Twich or youtube, I recommand watcing Jivturkey a former submariner who gives lots of tips.Quick update: the AI can be quite challenging I just had my hands full sinking an Akula, she was doing a Fred Astaire around my torpedo. He took me 3 minutes of manual wire guidance to sink the Soviet"
,Recommended,541210,33428982,Posted: 10 July,all,Pugachev,"There can always be more content, and hopefully there will be; but until then I'm quite satisfied."
,Recommended,541210,32281981,Posted: 8 June,all,Casey Jones,"A shining new addition to the genre of submarine warfare, and the first notable title in modern submarining in many years.Beautiful graphics and fun gameplay. The possibilities for modding and future content are large with this title. Some gameplay issues at launch, a few mechanics light on the delivery and some AI bugs, but overall a very fun, challenging and welcome new title for any subsimmer"
76561198039063210,Recommended,541210,32234328,Posted: 7 June,all,ndavis.204a,"Overall yes, but wait for a sale or game updates. Very intriguing but somewhat slow gameplay. Tense, interesting, requires tactics but has a steep learning curve. They have a few tings to patch in for functionality and a few playability feateres like an improved tutorial and in battle unit refrence to update. The game does not say much in the tutorial and you feel hopeless in the campaign. i.e. tutorials went over countermeasures very vaguely so when a torpedo headed my way I was left with the only advice I could follow: the 5 ""D's"" of dodgeball (Dodge, dip duck dive  and dodge). They leave you hanging but if you push through it is interesting."
76561197970531429,Recommended,541210,32214354,Posted: 5 June,all,=IJN=ugm84,"So far, loving the game. I can envision some changes eventually, crew voices, improved sonar classification etc. But it has been a fun game so far. I'm not sure why all the dissenters are going on about the controls. Once I got used to them, it made sense. So long as you maintain situational awareness, you'll never run into trouble. Being a retired sub sailor, I think the cavitation curves for most platforms might need some work. And the enemies have very itchy trigger fingers :) But certaintly not a game breaker for me.I'd like to see an Emergency Deep/Torpedo evasion key added. All in all, worth the money to buy folks!"
76561198401150709,Recommended,541210,33171683,Posted: 3 July,all,jodyfoster46,Wow !! What a game.Very realistic.Highly recomended
76561198269274912,Recommended,541210,32210561,Posted: 5 June,all,jcnadeau,"good game overall, hard as hell. however i was kinda hoping we could maybe see battle creation mode in order to make custom naval engagements."
76561197991341019,Recommended,541210,32207021,Posted: 5 June,all,tommo8993,"FINALLY! A post WW2 Sub sim has been too long in the making. This game is fantastic, I would reccomed developers to start looking at naval games. Bit of a learning curve 9/10"
,Not Recommended,541210,32239023,Posted: 7 June,all,Moptopgames,Main point I'm going to make for this review is that this game is not worth $39. Also you should know I'm going to reference Silent Hunter a lot.This game would have been better as an early release than a full release. But in its current state its buggy. The interface is clunky. I just did not have a good time in general. I found myself much more likely to yell in frustration as my ship sinks on the first mission for the 5th time (then turning the difficulty down too easy because I’m a pansy like that). Also there is a weird news headline section at the beginning of each campaign. There are about 6 of these and the whole thing is un-skippable. This wouldn’t be bad if I hadn’t lost my ship on the very first mission and had to repeat it like 3 times. It becomes a minor annoyance after that.The world map is also very old feeling and just feels kind of boring and frustrating at the same time. I found myself hunting a troop transport convoy and their signature disappeared. So I aimed my ship to a decent intercept point. When I get the nothing no ship not a thing. Next thing I know the damn ship jumped all the way across the map and I was left with my nuts swinging in the wind. All I could do was watch as I lost yet another mission.The battle’s themselves with ship to ship combat are exciting but quickly become monotonous. As you are expected to kill every submarine in the patrol group. Which I found could take upwards of 30 minutes just to find after you’ve destroyed one. If it’s a group of three you might as well have failed the mission already. While the adrenaline I feel sinking ships in this game is on par with destroying a Japanese military convoy in Wolves of the Pacific. The in-betweens are where this game fails at keeping my attention.Also the tutorial is absolutely terrible. All of the tutorials are text based only. It helps dumb ♥♥♥♥♥ like me to have button prompts and a heavily accented British man to hold our hands through sections like this. Worded tutorials just turn me off automatically in a tutorial. I wouldn’t even bring this up if it weren’t absolutely necessary to play this game. Which it is because the default key mapping is poop if you enjoy using your mouse.One of the biggest reasons I can’t recommend this game is the fact that it is being sold for such a high price. But the game also feels clunky and unfinished. I really do hope they continue working on this game and make it better than what it is at its current state. It has very great potential but it just falls flat in comparison to games like Silent Hunter 3 and Wolves of the Pacific.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miCE_8_tZh0&feature=youtu.be
76561198007599670,Recommended,541210,32531361,Posted: 18 June,all,FoxBat,"Been waiting for another Red Storm Rising game for a long time. Too bad real history destroyed the timeline of the original game. I really miss the 1988/92/96 campaigns with Mk48 ADCAPs, Sea lance, and Stringer masts. What I wouldn't give to get rid of those pesky helicopters.After switching to the beta release the initial problems with some small bugs disappeared. I just completed my first campaign. After 36 kills, the war ended in just 13 days :/ Never got to play with the Tomahawks, or sink any major warships. Could I go rogue and trigger another war perhaps?"
76561198081133317,Recommended,541210,35074065,Posted: 19 September,all,c-lanz,Awesome!!!!! *__*
76561198216111499,Recommended,541210,35076182,Posted: 19 September,all,LegoAirplane,this game is awesome... very realistic
76561198023085645,Recommended,541210,35108204,Posted: 21 September,all,Republican Me,"Awesome game, has an eerie, but realistic feel to it. Also still manages to be enjoyable by balancing realism and action."
,Recommended,541210,35164347,Posted: 23 September,all,oomzer,"Cold Waters is a fun sub-game (although it isn't a simulator, for the real noobs, like me, it will feel like one). Although it has quite a steep learning curve, and I recommend watching tutorials etc, it is real fun. It can be quite frustating and unforgiving sometimes (talking about you, missions where you get instantly torpedoed by +5 air dropped torpedos), but thank god for a save function. There are still some bugs, or some missions which are downright impossible to even start: you need to catch a hunter-killer pack transiting to the Atlantic, but so far, I haven't come close to catching it. But don't despair, the developers actually listen to the community and are patching and adding regularly. More to come!"
,Recommended,541210,32258415,Posted: 7 June,all,andy.webb.email,Excellent game.Very different in play style and experience to their previous games Atlantic Fleet and Pacific Fleet; not least because it is in real time and consequently requires quick thinking and induces a fair bit of tension.Highly recommended - and with future mods and DLC likely to only improve.
,Recommended,541210,32310513,Posted: 10 June,all,DetCord12B,"This has to be one of the worst UI's I've ever come across in recent memory. It's absolutely abysmal. And I could care less about a command interface (would be nice tho).I love the idea of modern naval warfare in gaming, but its hampered at every step by what they've done here. It's obviously something done on purpose, its deliberate. It feels like they're going with a UI that's very broad, something that's adaptable across multiple platforms, something akin to Atlantic Fleet that can be ported to mobile devices or vice-versa.Having to memorize key combos like its an FPS while totally negating a click-based UI only reinforces this view. It's just so cumbersome and haphazard to extend beyond the annoying and fustrating. KFG missed the mark here by miles/kilometers. Maybe it'll get some much needed love and heavy patching.UPDATE: The developers are actively working with the community to make improvements and additions. I think that in itself negates my negative review. So, updated for now."
76561198335601516,Recommended,541210,32258277,Posted: 7 June,all,SilentHunter85,"So far, this game is great. Although the WSAD controls are a little weird, you get used to them after a few hours of gameplay. Gameplay is very well-rounded, and very enjoyable. A few bugs, but all in all extremely detailed and smooth. My rating is 9/10, great game, would definitely recommend it."
76561198061811517,Recommended,541210,32271377,Posted: 8 June,all,Claudiu,A very nice and imersive game! It's not an ultimate simulator but it's good enough for some great fun!I just hope they will support this game and add more content as the time goes by.It would be awesome to see more modern subs.
76561198018701498,Recommended,541210,32305386,Posted: 9 June,all,Pr3lLoX,"Damn this game is unforgiving on new players who know nothing about submarine games.Be prepared to take it up the♥♥♥♥♥♥by the enemy subs, usually ends with me getting bombarded by torpedos within the few couple of minutes in combat even tho im at 1500 feet below surface and being complety still in quiet mode. And if that wasnt enough the enemy aircraft will almost always detect you and drop heatseeking torpedos above you that usually kills you if you arent loaded with decoy's...Even tho this review was not recommended before, I had to change it.After some more hours spent ingame I quickly got better and realized its alot more fun onesyou actually managed to dodge a couple of torpedos and learn the base mechanics of commanding a submarine in Cold Waters. The game is still unfinished but if the developers put their hearts and minds into this simulator then it can become a really great Simulator."
76561198030376874,Recommended,541210,33194926,Posted: 3 July,all,Ti84,I died.....a lot :)
76561198025347964,Recommended,541210,32618220,Posted: 21 June,all,tanazzo,"If you ever really liked and played Sub Sims, and if you are not insane, you WANT to get this game.It's from a small team, and it had zero hype, which is a great start. Yet we get a complete game with almost all the important features you want in a simulation videogame, with a nice balance between accuracy and fun. Because after all it's a videogame and we want to have fun with it.To the people complaining this is hard: it is way easier to play than most of the simulators out there. Now, understanding how the reality works and therefore understanding how to properly play a simulation game, that's another matter. It's still better this way, if you only had to push 1 button when a screen message tells you to, you would be bored at this game in 5 minutes and would be complaining that the game is too easy.It's hard enough to make it worth reasearching into, but easy to play enough to make you want to play more.This game is a good platform for future development, and it fully supports the modding community. And the Submarine Simulation community is very good. The Devs also read our feedbacks and respond to it almost immediately. The soundtrack is spot on, it's very easy on my system, and the devs are pushing fixes and improvements very quickly.Love Submarines? Love videogames? Buy Cold Waters, thank me later."
76561198009683070,Recommended,541210,32644573,Posted: 22 June,all,BaronVonPeenerWeiner,The game manages to be realistic and challenging without being boring and frustrating. For the game itself I can just sum it up as awesome. The greatest thing about this game though is the dev support. They have been workin their asses off with updates and bug fixes since launch and have been very active on the steam discussion page answering peoples concerns and watching for issues that need fixing. These devs really deserve our support. Great game with a great group of devs supporting it.
,Recommended,541210,32648126,Posted: 22 June,all,the_ADHD_ninja,good solid sub game. would play more but cant stand the same end storyline papers being shoved done your throat for 5 minutes every time you want to restart. they really need to do something about that.
,Recommended,541210,32718236,Posted: 24 June,all,Relegation11 #R.i.P Gina <3,"The Support from Killerfish for any bugs or any help you need is rly nice! Just open a thread in the Discussions and got an answer from them! Love it. I can also only recommend this game, had fun playing it on my Friends place! just awesome :D Easy to learn, hart to Master :) Every Mission brings new fun to it, and I hope Killerfish games will continuely Develope the game :D"
,Recommended,541210,32790911,Posted: 25 June,all,Skeleboners,"Cold Waters is a reasonably easy to get into subsim with an emphasis on the tactics of submarine warfare rather than having the player do most of their sensor work and target motion analysis themselves. Acquiring and tracking contacts is simplified from games like Dangerous Waters, but I don't know that I'd necessarily say that's unrealistic- you wouldn't be doing all that as a sub skipper, anyway.Don't expect this to be easy. Sure, you have a boat that can do 32kts submerged with virtually unlimited endurance and fast homing torpedos. Your submarine is capable, but so are the threats you'll be facing. When you encounter ASW aircraft, buckle in for a few hours of trying to throw them off your trail.More content would be nice, especially a campaign playing as the Russians vs. NATO (you can play as Russian subs with mods, but you'll still be facing off against the reds), but as it stands Cold Waters is a solid game if you have any interest in modern(ish) submarine warfare."
,Recommended,541210,32998754,Posted: 29 June,all,Stormy,"I think this game strikes a nice balance between sim and arcade, for me anyway.  Obviously your milage may vary there, but suffice to say that the game isn't too complex (you can finish the tutorials in like an hour, leaving you with a mostly full understanding of the games controls), but it's also slower paced than an action game, and your actions have to be well thought out if you want to survive.  On top of that, the game's mechanics are surprisingly deep; your sub's blind spots, water temperature differences, water density effects on your sound levels, and many other physical aspects you have to understand and account for if you want to be successful.And of course, some of the situations you get into here are tense as hell.  When you have a partial signature on an enemy sub, and you know he's just a few thousand yards ahead of you, and HE knows YOU are just a few thousand yards away from him...it makes every decision you make in that situation, every turn of the rudder, very important.That said, the campaign mode could use some depth and tweaking.  As it is you just kind of move your sub's icon around the world map until you bump into an enemy and enter combat.  It's servicable but it seems almost like a placeholder for a deeper campaign.Also, 40 bucks may be a bit steep.  I don't regret buying it but, considering that many of the much-wanted features that the game is missing (notably, a Russian campaign) will likely be released in future DLC, it might be a bit much."
76561198017847921,Recommended,541210,33301670,Posted: 5 July,all,Mongoose,"Excellent game, would reccomend it to anyone with a lot of patience. The learning curve is quite steep but achiveable if you keep at it. '84 campaign is easier to complete and is fun, will reccomend the '68 campaign only for masochists or if you have a lot of experience with the '84 campaign. get the SubSim mods for this game as they make it a lot more fun. Keep up the great work Dev's, hope to see a lot more updates."
,Recommended,541210,32609141,Posted: 20 June,all,HeartbreakOne,"This is a really good game, good enough for me to take the time to review it. It's kind of like the Tom Clancy book/movie Hunt for Red October, except the goal here is to kill Red October, not help it defect. I personally think that the surface combatants ASW capabilities could use a bit of toning down, but it's a good game, it really is. 10/10 would torpedo Sean Connery again"
,Recommended,541210,32638069,Posted: 22 June,all,Mr.Gold,"Brilliant game let down a bit by the AI.I love this game. I really do. I used to play a lot of Silent Hunter III and Dangerous Waters and this game though not as deep a sim as those, is brilliant. You do feel the tension (watching your fire solution improve little by little as a contact is approaching and you just want to press the active SONAR button just to make sure you get the first shot out) or the satisfaction of successfully evading a torpedo or depth charges by fast manoeuvering and careful use of counter measures.The way they handle the campaign also mean that you are usually not sujected to the boredom bits and you get straight into the action. Which is good for a fast game  but I do feel a bit let down. Submarine warfare tends to be a whole lot of nothing with moments of unrelenting action that makes you wish you were back doing nothing. Here, you miss the boring bits and you are left with action and high intensity action.If you are interested in modern submarine warfare and want a nice and relaxed simulation, this is the game for you.A couple of things to bear in mind:If you come from a background where you are used to playing Silent Hunter or Dangerous Waters, read the bits in the manual you need and you are fine.If however, you are not used to this type of game read the manual twice! And watch some youtube videos on torpedo evasion for when things go south (and they can go south pretty quickly). I recommend Jive Turkey's Channel as he is quite fun to watch and used to actually work on an LA class SSN. Just watch his videos. I highly recommend them.That being said, the manual is a bit lackluster on some areas and it does not explain what certain things are and how to change them. For instance, it isn't mentioned anywhere on the manual that if you keep your ship paralel to the target your towed array will have the best chances of acquiring a target solution. It also does not explain what the noise levels on the signal page mean and I suggest you read up on their meaning as it will make your life easier.Finally, the biggest let down is the AI. The AI simply does not work well. They seem to have trouble tracking you and once they do they send one torpedo at a time after you. AI subs do not know how to evade and well, in the 1984 campaign you have access to the Mk 48 torpedo so that is another cheat right there ^^All in all, amazing game and I highly recommend it at full price!EDIT: changed the difficulty settings to realist and increased the spacial scale and the game plays much better. AI still has problems evading. Submarine AI is too easy to kill. They do not manoeuver in the vertical plane making their torpedo evasion lackluster. Devs are aware of this and further updates should fix it."
76561198012894127,Recommended,541210,33453501,Posted: 11 July,all,nix.mills,"688 Attack Sub meets Red Storm Rising. Love it.There is room for improvement and it's not a big game in terms of graphics, sound and functionality. But it is a pretty good sub sim (probably the best in the market now anyways) and it does have a really good Cold War era feel to it. And for a sub sim, it's pretty easy to play.Aside from a number of set missions, the two challenging campaigns set in the 1960s and 1980s - two technologically very different eras. The two campaigns generate random missions where the outcome affects the tide of war on land."
,Recommended,541210,33471665,Posted: 11 July,all,CrispyBits,torpedoed a whale with an MK48 torpedo 10/10 would japanese whaler again
76561198186466627,Recommended,541210,33489793,Posted: 12 July,all,-SOF- CDW4563,"This is the best Sub game I have ever played, or ever will play in years! Killerfish did a great job; However, there is some small detailed stuff that they could fix or update as far as the Tomahawks and the SEALS and Ect. I rate this game a 9.5/10!!!"
76561197977619350,Recommended,541210,32209864,Posted: 5 June,all,Wispy,"If you've played 688 Attack Sub, Seawolf, Red Storm Rising, back in the day you'll feel at home here. Compared to those games this is simpler in a lot of ways. All the controls, sensors etc are ""dumbed down"" a bit. I.E - you have no control over towed array, it just happens.Also the game is played from a 3rd person view. Not a single view from inside the sub.Still fun though based on my initial impression."
,Recommended,541210,32209508,Posted: 5 June,all,Nox,"Game has alot going for it, it seems to be easier to pick up then most of the subgames I have played."
76561198006564424,Recommended,541210,32209552,Posted: 5 June,all,Circuit_Kop,"You'll need to put a few hours in to get the hang of it, I would buy again, I wish it had multiplayer and context sensitive help (hover mouse over item and get info on it, tooltips)Get it"
76561198049523883,Recommended,541210,32209303,Posted: 5 June,all,Enterprise 6580,"One of the better subamrine simulators. The sensor and weapons are a bit simpler than other games in the genre but it means you can spend more time trying to sink your target than sitting in other screens setting up weapons and sensors. That said torpedo behaviour is good, espically since I was killed by my own torpedo. I fired 2 torpedos at an Alfa, which as it happened had nosed dive to the seabed (not sure if this is a bug as all the Alfas i have come across have done this). The first torpedo went active and sank it, the second went active, circled as it lost the alfa and then reaquired a target: ME. One real annoying occurance is having all 4 tubes jam on the first torpedos. This game is worth getting and it will be intresting to see where it goes."
76561197967435538,Recommended,541210,32210000,Posted: 5 June,all,Awac,Modern submarine games are in short supply. But this one is actually very good.I would recomend this to anyone interested in modern submarine combat or who played the old Janes games.There is a bit of room for improvement here and there but its overall an enjoyable experience with alot of atmosphere.
76561198028154221,Recommended,541210,32512570,Posted: 17 June,all,Planetgrox,"!!!RECOMMENDED ONLY IF BOUGHT AT A LOWER PRICE!!!Gameplay is all there, the tactics and mechanics are all there its fine!BUT- Campaigns lacking in depth and content- Mechanics do need some fine tuning- UI and controls can be quite fiddleySo yes its a good game but it does not do enough for £30They might keep adding to the game and it is moddable from the SubSim forums but save yourself money and wait for a sale. And you wont be dissappointed!"
76561197970206233,Recommended,541210,35238426,Posted: 27 September,all,nosalisCZ,"First I quite hated this game, because it felt quite complicated and in campaign I would die with every encounterI did study some youtube videos about how to evade torpedos, hide and survive and all of a sudden it all turned around, siking quite a lot of ships so far,really like that this is somewhat ""oldschool"" career type of game, where you are making missions, collecting medals, stats etc.visually looks rather good! and runs very smooth due to somewhat simplified scenerywould absolutely recommend this to everyone who likes submarine games,find It more fun then Silent Hunter series, which was also very good, but very very buggy, and it would crash often.here I haven't encountered bug/crash yet!"
,Recommended,541210,33354031,Posted: 7 July,all,GHOSTEYE,Its nice to have a game which is a modern submarine game because it makes it hard but learning the game is simple and easy to pick up but offers a challenge
76561198037941510,Recommended,541210,33232736,Posted: 4 July,all,cristi.ban17,"Este bine facut, cu o grafica buna asa ca il recomand. Deocamdata am jucat putin asa ca voireveni cu sugestii. Cristi"
,Recommended,541210,33288023,Posted: 5 July,all,SgtSchmidt11,"A fun game, but doesn't have 40$ of content."
,Recommended,541210,32643320,Posted: 22 June,all,MorbiusPC,"Komm in mein BootEin Sturm kommt auf und es wird NachtWo willst du hinSo ganz allein treibst du davonWer hält deine HandWenn es dich nach unten ziehtWo willst du hinSo uferlos die kalte SeeKomm in mein BootDer Herbstwind hält die Segel straffJetzt stehst du da an der LaterneMit Tränen im GesichtDas Tageslicht fällt auf die SeiteDer Herbstwind fegt die Straße leerJetzt stehst du da an der LaterneHast Tränen im GesichtDas Abendlicht verjagt die SchattenDie Zeit steht still und es wird HerbstKomm in mein BootDie Sehnsucht wird der SteuermannKomm in mein BootDer beste Seemann war doch ichJetzt stehst du da an der LaterneHast Tränen im GesichtDas Feuer nimmst du von der KerzeDie Zeit steht still und es wird HerbstSie sprachen nur von deiner MutterSo gnadenlos ist nur die NachtAm Ende bleib ich doch alleineDie Zeit steht stillUnd mir ist kalt, kalt, kalt, kalt"
76561197971692751,Recommended,541210,32246194,Posted: 7 June,all,Delle(DK),"A pretty good cold era sub simulator.Not a ""real"" simulator with a 300 page book and crew stations to manage, but kind of a mix of ""arcade"" and sim in a pretty nice way that work well together.With other words it only take a few minutes when you enter a battle until you get the first contact.Personaly i think this is pretty nice since I dont feel bored, and I know something is in the area.Some other reviews write that the game is a mix of silent hunter ""campaign"" map and battle kind of way.The campaign is random every time you play. You move arround on the map by holding left mouse and then your sub sail.. Now and then you bump into the enmy OR your allies spot something so you know what is in a given area. Also when i fire the torpedo then the enemy instant know where i am, and fire their missiles that drop the dorpedo with more or less 90% precision..hmmm that is impressive they can target/analyze and fire within 2-3 secondsThis work pretty well i must say.Quite often you will fight against example 1-2-3 other submarines.. Or maybe a group of warships protecting 2-3 landing ships and such. You can also shoot at targets on land with cruise missiles but it did not try that yet.You can also insert special forces.All in all the  ""sim"" is pretty easy to get into and learn to play.. The controls feel nice and is not so difficult to learn. You more or less use the left side of the keyboard and a few other keys.The weapon system is pretty basic.. You can select 5 different weapons such as torpedo, 1 ship missile, and 2 different tomahawk missiles, and a special torpedo that can mimic the sound of your submarine ( black torpedo ).. You use this as a kind of a decoy to confuse the enemy and let them hunt a fake target..  Very handy ;-)Every battle start start with some unkown target, but as time goes by and your crew automatic analyze the target you get more info and more precise data.. to shoot just select the torpeo/missile and then press space and click the map...Now you can manual remote control the torpedo, or simply let it do its thing.. Once the torpedo reach the waypoint then it will automatic turn on its sonar and hunt what ever is in the area... this work pretty well.To combat torpedos you have some Noice makers you can dump to comfuse the incomming torpedo.If you get hit, then you might survive and you can repair some of the parts in your sub.Dont think this is an ""easy"" shoot em up kind of game.. It is actual rather complex and enemy is smart.The game use true to life kind of tactics and weapon systems.Well all in a pretty decent game i would say, many nice features.PS.. After playing for several houres i thought I ad an update to my review.It seem that after a few houres the game start to feel kind of boring and repetative, and just feel like you are doing the same over and over again and meeting the same enemys again and again.You more or less most of the time battle submarine vs submarines, or sub vs ships in the same scenarios.. Example when you meet surface ships there are often same amount of ships and they have by default already launched helicopters that are randomly placed... yes you can get missions such as insertion of special forces ( only happen to me on time ) and i never see the missions to fire at targets on land.But all in all my tactic in the game is to start and be quiet, find the enemy and then just send the torpedos that automatic find their targets... after firing i fast dive and sail in another direction and shortly after the enemys torpedos drop down form the sky and start to track where i was... It just feel like hmmmm they do the same thing every time kind of feeling.."
76561198342514237,Recommended,541210,32281752,Posted: 8 June,all,Doge Dogeington,"I've bought every game from this company (from Pacific Fleet to this) and I have to say that it is worth every penny. After running through the tutorial and playing some single player missions you can really get a feel for the game and it is challening yet rewarding. The graphics are very good and detailed, and the dynamic campaign is interesting in that you'll get different missions (SEAL insertions, Tomahawk strikes on enemy bases, hunting ships, etc). Being a new game there are a few bugs still, but they'll be resolved (probably) soon enough. It would also be good if they added in allies (as you're like the only sub somehow in all of NATO) but again they'll probably be adding stuff in.All in all great game, would bang."
,Recommended,541210,32340386,Posted: 11 June,all,BioHazard,"This is one of those times that I wish Steam had a numeric rating system. 1-5...5 being the best I would give it a 3.5*. Tossed on an asterisk, since I think this game could be much better, and evolve into more of a sim with time.I've been gaming since I had a vic 20 w/ a tape drive. So it's safe to say, I played Red Storm Rising a lot back in the day. It set me up for every sub game after. RSR got a ton of gameplay between my friends and I.It's been awhile since we have had a sub sim reach the community. I'm talking Sim, not game...and Cold Waters falls in between. When the game slows down, and I'm tracking a convoy, or sneaking a SEAL team in, I really feel that sim experience. Then I remember that it's time to press a key to change direction in 5 degree increments. At least maybe it's time to turn?? The lack of plotting tools, charting tools, way points, and the ability to truly track an enemy shines through. Normally you would place a mark on a chart for first contact, and so on. Not on this, instead you try to match up signals so you can attain a better solution...or wait for 95% and your crew will identify it. BUT only at 95% will it start to track said targets on the map. Sound confusing...well you just see a contact on a map UNTIL you hit that number, and lines start forming on the map.For me the inability to plot courses into the campaign map, as well as the tactical part is really a step back. As well as the tools to decipher enemy speeds, bearing, course etc.At times the AI is spot on, and other times its just down right nasty. This is where I feel some of the sim coming back. The ASW helo's, MAD planes buzzing about, sonobuoys, sonar behaving differently with different conditions. At times it is absolutley maddening, and others just a blast. Nothing like hiding on the bottom, waiting for a ship to pass and moving underneath with it to escape an asw patrol, infilitrate, and release frogmen. Good times.As far as successor to RSR? Not sure yet, but it does bring back memories. I am enjoying it, and I do believe it is worth the money. The mod's have already started to hit, and I have a feeling Killerfish is going to keep adding to it. (Seawolf?? cough cough).I'd say 3.5* out of 5. Don't expect full sim experience, yet above game. Hopefully over time this game will improve, and I can come back and change my review. For Killerfish's first time into something like this, I'd say they did a good job, and I will continue to support them through their products."
,Recommended,541210,33324928,Posted: 6 July,all,Amon Ra,"Great mechanics, good Ai, steep learning curve (unless you played other sub games/sim)"
76561198006689320,Recommended,541210,32330283,Posted: 10 June,all,Cpt.Swedish,"Ten hours into this game, this game is alot better than the first hours. It's easy to learn, hard to master. It's tense, ruthless and unforgiving. It ""forces"" the player to learn the diffrent Soviet weapon systems and the tactics used by the Soviet navy. This game premiers discipline and hard-work. All this combined is what makes this game so darn good and beeing bound to be a favorite at my desk.With great support from devs, and what seems to be an even greater support for mods - this game is going to be facinating for many, many more hours to come. All of whom I'm very much looking forward to."
76561198006409910,Recommended,541210,32333291,Posted: 10 June,all,Legion1183,"Good game, but I do not find it nearly as enjoyable as DW, I knew during development it was going to be an arcade type game simplified and it looked promising. It really did the issue I have is that the AI, that controls passive sonar is awful at doing it's job. I get detected by enemy AI subs but mine can barely detect anything I guess back to DW, now I would love the idea for the sonar to be able to have the ability to man it yourself vs letting the AI do it at least in it's current state but hey I would still recomend this game I mean it is fun but just not for me after growing up with DW and the golden days of SH. Really great to see that submarine games are not dead since they kind of tampered off at SH5 which was a disaster in itself 7 years ago."
,Recommended,541210,32347961,Posted: 11 June,all,OriginalBars,"Good game, although it needs some polishing.- Aircraft and Helo's are crazy accurate and seem to find you even when you're 500ft down, dead in the water and rigged for silent running..- Mission editor or generate random scenario is needed.- Wish there were more scenarios with merchant vessels and only a light combat escort, you know to practice :)"
76561197978866994,Recommended,541210,32696003,Posted: 23 June,all,Azrael,"I was a Submarine Captain like you, but then I took a torpedo to my sternGot sent to the Barents Sea to intercept enemy Tenders.Soviet Air Patrols spotted me.2 Novembers chased me, we exchanged our torpedoes, I evaded several of them.Sierra 2, the 2nd November, finally got hit by one of mine.But then, Sierra 1 got me.I gave the order to abandon ship, some of my crew men and me made it to the surface.We thought, we would die, but then we saw Ships on the horizon, coming for our position.We cheered in joy and waved with our hands... how foolish we were, to believe, we would be rescued by friends...After half an hour, we saw the soviet navy flag on the ships...Their AK's aimed at us, when they sailed next to us with low speed. We thought, we had to die now.But instead, they pulled us out of the water under heavy guard.We don't understand a single word of russian, they've thrown is into compartments on their ship, a Kotlin Class DDG.Charles Arzon, Commander of the Sturgeon-Class SSN USS Tautog, 2nd of December 1968.It was several weeks ago, when I had the last opportunity to write entries into my diary.It's freezing cold on the back of the military truck they've put us on.I can't understand a single word of theirs except one... Гулаг.Charles Arzon, Commander of the Sturgeon-Class SSN Tautog, 5th of December 1968.10/10, would play with Soviet November Class Subs and go to a Gulag again."
76561197991393247,Recommended,541210,33409090,Posted: 9 July,all,Jhom,Best modern sub sim ive come across. 5/5
,Recommended,541210,32271417,Posted: 8 June,all,WeazelBear,I have been looking for a good submarine combat game for quite some time. I picked this up and went through the tutorials and got to work. The game plays really well. The graphics are great and controls are nice (except the minor camera wonkiness at times). This game is a near perfect balance between simulation and arcade.
76561197962336650,Recommended,541210,32300754,Posted: 9 June,all,Ramito,Chido AF!
,Recommended,541210,32213666,Posted: 5 June,all,Zholik,Really good blend of hardcore aspects and ease of access. Definently recommend to those interested in sub sims
,Recommended,541210,32223818,Posted: 6 June,all,TocCo,"It can get hard, but then it does reflect real lifesometimes, it reflects it too much so you have a plane on you for like 1 hourBalance is i believe in the worksoverall, the game is fun. Not too complicated like SH, but enough fantasy history and such and the news bits showing the result of your mission success or failure is very good fillerWould recommend. I told myself id try it a bit before bed.I played 4 hours"
76561197970443271,Recommended,541210,32555267,Posted: 18 June,all,Wiz33,"This is a great succesor to Red Storm Rising. If you have expereince with any modern sub-sim. Casual is quite easy in a LA class ( I manage to complet a few of the standalone missions with just using the keyboard command guide) . If not. Make sure you read the manual (don't even try without doing it), do the tutoriala and maybe watch a few tutorial videos on youtube before jumping into the campaign. For the first try for a new player, I would suggest using a LA on casual. Please note that in addtion to the difficulty setting in the option, using a older sub in the same difficulty level will also make the game more difficult."
,Recommended,541210,33062115,Posted: 30 June,all,bucko574,"Went to attack a SSGN, he turns and dives deep and bottoms his boat.Went to attack a SSBN, he panics and tries to surface under the icepack but got stuck in it instead.Mother Russia, don't ever change."
,Recommended,541210,32381044,Posted: 12 June,all,HuggleSquid,"Fun game, I am enjoying this one a great deal. If you want to learn tips on how to play, there are also good youtube videos like those from a former submariner nicknamed Jive Turkey. He actually served on a 688-class (Los Angeles - submarine).I have had very intense moments hunting soviet subs and the tension is great. I like the graphics and details too. The game is a mix of simulation and arcade features and has a good balance between them.I highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in submarines and naval combat. Excellent game."
,Recommended,541210,33115432,Posted: 1 July,all,triggered republican,I have no idea how to play this ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198007343043,Recommended,541210,32384624,Posted: 13 June,all,Bimmer540i,I'm really enjoying this game. The learning curve might feel steep at first but I got used to it quickly. The dynamic campaign is great and I would love to have more scenarios with different loadouts. I would also love to play the Russian side with an Akula or a Typhoon carrying icbms. Today I assaulted Archangelsk using a dozen of cruise missiles. It was damaged very badly. I wondered what it would be like if I nuked it. Now I have to escape back into the open waters but I keep running into sonar contacts.
76561197971207131,Not Recommended,541210,34163007,Posted: 11 August,all,Unforgiven,"This game is very much like my old favorite 688I, but so under developed it is disappointing to play. So much of the game has yet to be fleshed out. Its forebearer was amazing and with todays copmputing power this could be tremendous...The most glaring problem has to be the deployment transit. I really hope this is a placeholder for a post 8 bit interrface. Random flooding and terribly difficult ship stabilization during combat. I could go on, but...I am a fan of the idea, lets see more."
76561198037259809,Recommended,541210,32210445,Posted: 5 June,all,Waervyn,"Couple of hours in now. The tutorials are ok, but not amazing. The game seems to have a lot of depth and I like figuring things out. It does have a lot of written information in-game, that goes quite in-depth on mechanics, as well as tactics. It's less of a simulator than Silent Hunter, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Greatly enjoying myself.Graphics: 7/10. Looks fine. Nothing really amazing but fine enoughSound: 8.5/10. Very immersive if you pardon the pun. Really, the sounds are actually quite well done!Gameplay: not sure yet. I'm really enjoying it now, but I haven't really explored most of the mechanics yet. I already have plenty of trouble against one submarine let alone an entire army.You basically have access to some torpedos and missiles. Allthough you don't need to calculate trajectories like in Silent Hunter, you basically need to give your crew enough information to work with, which means you should try to identify the type of ship with sonar, and be in range long enough for them to work out a solution. Afterwards you can set some settings on your torpedo or missile, and fire it away! After a while they become 'activated' which means they will start a searching pattern (specified by you) in order to find hostiles. However, the enemy is doing the same with you! This means that torpedo's are much more advanced than in Silent Hunter. You can manually control them, you can specify search patterns etc.A lot of the fights feel like a 'knife in a phonebooth'. You have a lot of tools at your disposal, such as decoys, knuckleheads (turning your U-boat very fast to create bubbles and confuse whatever is coming from you), noisemakers...but then your enemy also has these tools...and helicopters...screw the helicopters!If you'd like to see how I manage to kill whales instead of enemies:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEEJqdJTcLs"
76561198034351925,Recommended,541210,32213691,Posted: 5 June,all,Stormcrow,Everything you'd expect from Killerfish and an authentic modern day Red Storm Rising remake.  It's a rare simulation of being a modern day sub driver and just as challenging as the original.  It rewards patience in terms of learning the game and while playing it.
76561198150469926,Recommended,541210,32224684,Posted: 6 June,all,TremoR,"I haven't even put 2 hours into the game and its already awesome. It did take some time for me to learn everything about it, but that just may because I'm an idiot. However, this game is honestly amazing, fun to play. 10/10"
76561198243132776,Recommended,541210,32208626,Posted: 5 June,all,redarmy275,"Well I'm quite impressed. This game is awesome. Altough for now you can only control submarine, still this game is awesome. But still a lot need to be add and fix, especially add sonar tutorial.Overall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,541210,32212157,Posted: 5 June,all,Maxximillion,I have waited since the mid 80s for a game like this
76561198034304731,Recommended,541210,34657918,Posted: 1 September,all,A Dog Sausage,Broke my sub and made the crew wait half an hour to see if my torpedos hit before evacuating. 10/10 would drown half my crew again.
,Recommended,541210,32214629,Posted: 5 June,all,Horse Paste,"I'm a Submariner and this game helped me figure out that I am completely unfit for Command. I sunk two submerged contacts and was instantly facing quick reaction fire from the enemy. Using my poor enlisted viewpoint of how to drive a boat I said ♥♥♥♥ it, rigged for silent running and prayed. Right when I thought I got away I accidently launched a countermeasure, letting the whole world know where I was. I proceded to receive a gaping hole blown into my boat's engine room. I then EMBT blew to the surface and had my crew captured and sent to the gulag.11/10 would get my crew imprisoned again"
76561198160564841,Not Recommended,541210,34097510,Posted: 8 August,all,Fish_Pilot,"Really fun arcade/sim sub game that has a somewhat interesting campaign to it.  I feel like the overall map when searching for your mission/subs/ships needs a little more purpose though.Giving an update after about 6 hours of play time:It's honestly just too repetitive for a $40 game.  The campaign map is useless and kinda boring, hunting other subs in a large map area could take hours of just searching around at 5-10 knots.If this were a $20 game, it'd be incredibly worth it.  But for $40? No thanks"
76561198188501743,Not Recommended,541210,33643446,Posted: 18 July,all,sost556,Good but not great...Desperately need a simple depth rudder speed and compass for playing...Until that patch/mod comes out this sim is in port...
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,541210,32325521,Posted: 10 June,all,Chrisman01,"So close to a great game.  If you enjoy games like this you MIGHT like Cold Waters, otherwise:This game straight up cheats.  You can sink all enemy vessels, then wait for the last helicopter to run out of fuel and fly off, then as you're waiting for it to allow you to return to the campaign map your sub will spring a leak that was previously under control and will bump the sandy bottom, losing all hands and giving you a game over, even if your hull strength was 80%+AI ships are able to *perfectly* target and kill you, all your countermeasures and sensors are basically useless except against torpedoes.  Even then it's literally random on if the torpedoes will get distracted or not, regardless of speed, direction, or depth.Then there's what appears to be a bug where you can sink all surface ships but one, you can use all your systems and it won't appear.  Then a helicopter spawns and immediately finds you and sinks you without any way to dodge it.THEN you have the major campaign issue where you appear to be the only NATO vessel in the North Sea.  Where are your allies?  Why are you the only submarine against fleets of sub hunters and wolf packs?  Why does the entire war hinge around you sinking a few ships or not?Finally, avoid the 1960s campaign.  You get dunbfire WWII style torpedoes while enemy ships have anti-sub countermeasures to kill you long before you get in range."
76561198015834922,Not Recommended,541210,33684291,Posted: 20 July,all,Boycey,"A tough game to review..Basically, if you are looking for a modern day silent hunter, just don't bother. This isnt the game you want.I bought this because I was happy with the simple level of complexity compared to SH, the setting and overall premise of the game.After a little over an hour I realised a couple of things..1. The missions repeat themselves non-stop. Tanker kill, insert SF, kill SF, stop enemy sub task force, rinse and repeat that combo.2. The AI is completely ****ed. It will ram itself into the ground, and then launch torpedos killing itself. If it doesnt get that far then it will drive itself down to crush depth before you can even kill it.Also, theres a complete lack of any quality. Bearing in mind I parted with £30, that gets you a minimal UI, at the time I bought it after release no sound effects (they have since added them, but theyve been recorded in a bedroom on a poor mic and sound horrific) As said the campaign is just the same 4 randomly generated missions,There's no challenge involved, the russians are so bad that if you get even shot at you should probably uninstall the game. I think the fact that less than a month after release the community are releasing mods and fixes that are alost equal to the size of the game and yet add more content says it all.All in all, this is £15 at best, and IMO £7 in a sale. You might get an hours fun out of it"
,Recommended,541210,32592674,Posted: 20 June,all,angelosnau,"I am a huge fan of the very rare genre of 3d naval warfare games. Killerfish games has managed to create an excellent product which exploits the tactics of submarine warfare in a visually pleasing game. Of course submarine warfare is all about listening,not seeing, but this is a game and it is much more fun this way. Modern warfare is highly effective and lethal and the game makes that very clear. The game has huge expansion potential and I hope that the developers will keep adding new features."
76561198069862323,Recommended,541210,32474021,Posted: 16 June,all,milnersean11,"Just started playing this game and first impressions are very positive. If you want a 100% accurate sub-sim with all the bells and whistles that go with it this game may not be for you? However, if you want something a little less involved this is great.  Sure it has the odd bug at the moment and maybe an inside view of your sub would be nice, but it has a lot to commend it. The graphics are of a verry high standard, sound is good, it is quite atmospheric, and if you go through the tutorials and library you can learn quite a bit about sub ops and Russian fighting ships.The game is not that simple to master and there is a learning curve, but it's not that steep. It also looks like a game you can have fun with once you have mastered the basics. £30 is a fair price when you stack it up against many a game costing more. If you are an American player who fortunately get their games somewhat cheaper I would say you are getting your money's worth.I know the game is being updated (latest one this morning) so who knows how much better it will get? I just hope it's not a game you can finish quickly, I'm having fun.If you fancy 'dipping your toe in the (cold) water' this game could be for you."
,Recommended,541210,33849411,Posted: 27 July,all,rgroy,"Very nice game, I can recommend to you get a copy if you love the subsim world. You can add mods from subsim, and you can get extra campaigne with Russians ships."
76561197969548994,Recommended,541210,33915764,Posted: 30 July,all,PanicTube,"A very fine little submarine simulator. Very good support, almost a weekly beta with fixes and improvements. New content is scheduled. Developers are very active on the discussion forums."
76561198045809973,Recommended,541210,32558750,Posted: 18 June,all,Bottleneck_Jim,"Great game, love a good challenge only wish you could play as the Russians."
,Recommended,541210,32500839,Posted: 17 June,all,red_comet,"Despite the numerous issues pointed out by some of the other reviewers ie the UI, the OPness of the ASW assets and all, it is still a pretty good game, coming from someone who has not touched RSR/ DW/ other sub sims other than SH4.Pros:-Responsiveness of the devs to player feedbacks both on steam and on subsim-Availability of mods on subsim (play as the Red October, anybody?) and upcoming ones by the devsCons:-Quite a few that are already listed by other reviewers so I shall not bother"
76561198041895302,Recommended,541210,32518590,Posted: 17 June,all,Vindicator,"Quality game with a nice mix of simulation and accessibility.   Pretty steep learning curve, but there is a nice mix of enemies so encounters will be a peace of cake and others are super hard.   Devs seem to be listening and updating the game frequently."
76561197997488384,Recommended,541210,34068415,Posted: 6 August,all,Wannamama,"Conn sonar, Crazy Ivan !"
76561198353282943,Recommended,541210,34307804,Posted: 17 August,all,getawaynormies,"Tons of fun, it just takes some time to get used to (like most simulators). Once you figure the game out, make sure you add mods to the game because as it, the base game is a little dry. Hopefully soon the devs will release 3D modeling ability to the public or at least give us some DLC"
76561198188109941,Recommended,541210,33934798,Posted: 31 July,all,dude6935,Duel with Soviet subs and try to sink an entire surface group before their helicopters drop a torp on your head. Good fun on low spec machines and good mod support.
,Recommended,541210,34130893,Posted: 9 August,all,esmatty,"""One ping only""*Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water, Torpedo in the water*SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIII..................."
,Recommended,541210,34376793,Posted: 20 August,all,DNA_Deliverer,"Love the game, the Dev's are constantly improving the game :)....  Multiplay would make this game amazing!"
76561198086562844,Recommended,541210,34351270,Posted: 19 August,all,NITRO,"you definatly need to make the game multiplayer,would attract a bigger audience!"
76561198126489160,Recommended,541210,33963414,Posted: 1 August,all,gxkjerry,They are still some minor bugs and glitches in the game. But....HOLY DOGSH*T isn't this game AMAZING!? 9/10!
,Recommended,541210,34310885,Posted: 17 August,all,boguspuddle,Played about 10 hours on this so far and it is a very promising game that is (hopefully) only going to get better.  The suspense and sounds in the water with game music off is brilliant.  It takes a bit of manual reading and isn't simple but that for me holds my interest. The graphics are reasonable to good and I have yet to play a campaign but so far doing the tutorials and single missons has been great. Recommended :)
76561198063326465,Recommended,541210,34472566,Posted: 24 August,all,atomos,A M A Z I N G ! Truly one of the great tactical simulation games out there. Nothing like duking it out with other subs or taking on a task force.
,Recommended,541210,34587516,Posted: 29 August,all,Prolands,Great successor to Dangerous Waters. New patches add much needed functionality and icrease the depth of the simulation. Hoping the devs will continue!
76561198039410064,Recommended,541210,34860535,Posted: 10 September,all,perforsen,"I have waited 25 years for this one,and it was worth it!"
76561198108435442,Recommended,541210,33967877,Posted: 2 August,all,CardboardYan,"A good game that know where to stand between simulator and gameplay experience, and it support mod too!Personally i wish they will add more sub in, but i am happy with what it is now. And also please add the feature for people to add 3d model inside the game"
76561198118398542,Recommended,541210,35133663,Posted: 22 September,all,william.moreno,"if you submarines, BUY IT, simply as that.Game is amazing but most important thing is that the developers LISTEN TO COMUNITY and delivered a lot of enhancements few days after the request.This game deserve your money :)"
76561198012210749,Recommended,541210,32765405,Posted: 25 June,all,Terroristhawk,Exciting! :)
76561198105845489,Recommended,541210,32603583,Posted: 20 June,all,Hontik,You thought finding Red October was tough? You have no idea.
76561197981443937,Recommended,541210,32674453,Posted: 23 June,all,TheRegulator,"A bit to harsh in price compared to the content. But its very much fun to play.Its not a simulator at all, its a arcade game in reality, where you as a captain desides the action.I do miss a simple command station inside the sub where you as a captain resides as everything is seen from the outside.I might have added more realisme to the game if it had been there, and you had to rely sole on your radar screen informations.  So Dev's make it happen . . .In all its an okay game, but i wont uninstall Silent Hunter 5 for that reason. Its still the best and most realistic u-boot simulator."
76561197995197281,Recommended,541210,32717431,Posted: 24 June,all,{S5} Mr. Wiggles,arcade controlls yet sim ellements. very fun to playthe only way this game could be better is having multie player in it and being able to play from the russian side.
76561197970537167,Recommended,541210,32724012,Posted: 24 June,all,scruffycavetroll,Never been in the military but a fan of all things military tech related. Presented in a well thought out way this is a challenging and excellent sub game. Takes a little getting used to but the boats all look great and the gameplay is top notch. Awesome game.
76561198137799931,Recommended,541210,32726235,Posted: 24 June,all,Brand,"Cold Waters has to be one of the funnest games i have played in a while.Its just complicated enough you feel like a submarinereasy enough you dont feel like you have to watch 100 tutorials.Its an amazing game, that brings focus to submarine tactics instead of submarine systems.i couldnt get into silent hunter, or some of its companions, ive never really even been a submarine guy, i played alot of janes fleet command back in the day, and last year started playing around in Dangerous Waters(more in depth subsim).I picked this up because i really love a refreshing taste of modern naval combat. Now when i say modern, i mean anything beyond 1960.that being said, after i picked this up i litterally cant stop playing, from the awesome take on the campaign, to the fun single missions.   Playing around finding your own tactics is a blast, but then you start reading up on SW and ASW tactics, and watching some great youtubers, you go back into the game and have a blast trying to use new tactics!if you are looking for an awesome game that is a blast to play! Then this game is for you!if you are looking for an in depth submarine simulator. Get Dangerous Waters, AND THIS!!10/10 Would Insert navy seals again."
76561198029658960,Recommended,541210,32778599,Posted: 25 June,all,kenber,"Quite nice game for people who like submarine simulators - many byttons to learn.Would be nice if it would be little more mouse support and joystick support.Navigation wire by wire is missing, maybe comes in an future updateIf you like submarine simulators, well - then I can recommend it."
76561198068669692,Recommended,541210,32786760,Posted: 25 June,all,Le Kubb,"Really good game, a bit unclear what to do from time to time, eg launch talm at Arhangelsk. Ok so where were I sopposed to fire them? Now I fired all 8 at what i thought were the target but i didn´t complete the misson so..."
76561198026788630,Recommended,541210,32791350,Posted: 25 June,all,NWilliams,Excellent blend of stratgey and sub sim!
,Recommended,541210,32879831,Posted: 27 June,all,Blackfang,"After having played Dangerous Waters to absolute death I've left the sub scene alone for way too long, I just wasn't feeling the WW2 scene that much, and then Cold Waters arrived out of what seemed to be no where!! Brilliance...sheer brilliance...gives me the feeling of dangerous waters with superior graphics and taking the ballache of designating targets and TMA out of the equation, perfect blend of command and control of your submarine. Better than that someone has modded in the USSR Submarines as well and I'm MORE than happy to skipper the Alfa Class after being a massive Akula fan in Dangerous Waters.MASSIVE Thumbs up, very happy with this and sounds like the developers have more planned. Happy days."
76561197972972517,Recommended,541210,32970178,Posted: 28 June,all,tullekop,Great Action/Simulator. I'm hooked!
,Recommended,541210,33577217,Posted: 15 July,all,Uncle,"Pretty good!I'd have liked to see some streamlined commands, along with command orders besides having to micro control your ship, would be better to have a type of command interface allowing you to concentrate on tatics and identification of targets, but all in all very solid sub game.I like it!"
76561197998748135,Recommended,541210,32762823,Posted: 25 June,all,[GeHaPo] themadx,"A must have if you like to sink ships with stealth tactics.But:The controls and the menu structure could be improved. Often you have to maneuver out or dodge the torps, here a better interface/control system would be helpful."
76561198037568784,Recommended,541210,32782196,Posted: 25 June,all,Astrogoat,"Active Sonar is the bane of my existence.But seriously this game is cool, on the higher difficulties many tears shall be shed as the 7 new contacts on your tactical display all in unison unleash what seems to be the entire arsenal of a small island nation upon you, those torpedoes aren't the WW2 ones either, they will find you, you will have to become an acrobat to survive.The sub to sub combat is also tense, I remember one specific time where a contact that was initially thought to be quite far away turned out to be, in a naval sense, directly next to me. I had a miniature heart attack and the few seconds before I realised he had no idea I was there were not fun. I spent the next 5 minutes creeping my way past him and his buddy before pulling a u-turn and sinking them. Moments like that shorten your life span, but, they make life worth living.In terms of control and interaction wth the sub, this game is good, but it's not dangerous waters tier. This is like a more easily accessable dangerous waters with updated graphics. That does not mean the game is bad, it just means that this isn't a hardcore simulator, dont go in expecting that. There is no switching between stations to work the different equipment manually if you choose, all of that is managed by your crew. The ease of access and the smaller learning curve however give this game an edge over dangerous waters in the fact that within an hour you're a pretty capable submariner.TL;DR-- This game is the best modern / cold war submarine game out there currently, it's a pretty niche genre I guess but I'm still thankful that other people actually took the time to develop this, given time this game can really only get better.10/10(On a sidenote, I sware the soviets pair up Foxtrots and Sierras just to mess with us)EDIT - If you're playing on elite and you get a mission that says something like ""ur the only one in the navy so um, go get these dudes before they invade norway or something"", just scuttle your submarine and save the enemy the trouble. You get absolutely destroyed by the ASW ships, which is good as that means they actually do their job. Submarine battles are ok though, so all in all on elite difficulty, Surface contact = please be a freighter, please be a freighter, its a udaloy, there are 83 torpedoes in the water and 5 helicopters over head all transmitting your location to the aforementioned ship, Subsurface contact = Identify contact, Fire Mk48, ???, Profit."
,Recommended,541210,32866943,Posted: 27 June,all,Nalfien,Excellent game. Strikes a balance between arcade and simulation-styles of game play. Note that this is not a hardcore realistic sim. But it does a very good job of bridging the gap.
76561197960482896,Recommended,541210,32993407,Posted: 29 June,all,Mikael,Great fun
,Recommended,541210,33028357,Posted: 30 June,all,Elysion,"Quote good, a little short on content right now, maybe wait for it to go on sale or for them (or modders) to add more to it unless you really want to play this kind of game"
76561197973627162,Recommended,541210,33501410,Posted: 13 July,all,Flapjackbatter,"Cold Waters is not a submarine simulator where you have to micro-manage hundreds of little things on many different screens. Cold Waters is more a ... ""tactical submarine shooter"". Don't get me wrong. You can't jump in, throttle up to full steam, and start firing off rockets and torpedoes en masse. You have to use cunning and stealth to succeed. And there is a learning curve.I think the manual sets you up in the right direction tho. Do some single missions before starting the campaign. Maybee watch a couple of tutorial videos on youtube. You will find actual ex navy guys playing the game there. ( Jive Turkey and the Mighty Jingles, forexample.)A very satisfying game. Replayability is surprisinglly high. Quite polished. I have not encountered any glitches or bugs. (I've played for 53 hours so far.)Recommended."
76561198020720135,Recommended,541210,33561877,Posted: 15 July,all,BoB,A good mix between sim and arcade. Worth the money.
76561198078103483,Recommended,541210,33598740,Posted: 16 July,all,TheHauntedGamer,Found a Victor III out in the North Sea. He paniced after I fired two torps at his sub from a depth of 400 feet below the surface; and managed to surface his boat. I saw on the map he fired a torpedo while I was in his baffles (behind him). His torp turned on him and hit his port side. As he sunk to the bottom of the ocean floor my two torpedo's came in and hit his wrecked self on the sea bed. Best game ever!But no seriously if you love Sub Sim's you need to get this. It's pretty realistic and it already has a very dedicated modding community atSubSim.com. Worth every penny in my opinion.10/10
76561198056536756,Recommended,541210,32655203,Posted: 22 June,all,mundevel1,"Talk about a fun simulator that's fairly accurate.  Smooth controls take a little to get down but once you do it's down to tactics and smarts. There are a few issues but the only ones that's almost a deal killer is when you are looking at a contact in 3D view and try to select your submarine, in some instances you aren't able to view your boat. I've had to come up to periscope depth raise the periscope got to periscope view just to view my boat in 3D view. It sucks to have to do it this way because you can give away your position just to get the camera in your submarine. Another problem is the shaky moving camera view that happens at certain angles. This can be a pain when guiding torpedoes or evading them."
76561198037185584,Recommended,541210,32679530,Posted: 23 June,all,Archduke,"Having little experience in the Sub Simulator genre, this was basically the first one I ever picked up after watching some gameplay videos.After finishing the tutorial, which is pretty good and teaches you all the basics, and reading through the manual, I started the 1984 campaign and this is when I really started to get into this game.From identifying targets to using the sea conditions to your advantage to evading torps and trying to remain hidden, this game has it all. And, to me, it is surprisingly fun and rather easy to get a grasp of the basic game mechanics.I recommend this game to anyone who is into Military Sims, or who is a big history junk, especially when it comes to Cold War military history."
,Recommended,541210,32717302,Posted: 24 June,all,UndefeatedOfTheEast,"Cold Waters is an exciting Role play as a submarine commander. You command submarines and sink enemy subs, sometimes help ground forces in the war by sending missles to targets they need dead, or sinking submarines/ resupply vessels.You also die a whole bunch and end up going on a mission to kill some enemy special forces and end up killing the wrong submarines and then your commander is mad.This turns your commander into a raging alcoholic and slowly he spirals into a deep sea depression where the only thing that can bring him any comfort are memes of Harambe and dragonball z. The crew will try and help by the meme depression is too strong, soon your commander will start every battle in active sonar and lauch every torpedo at the first target he can acquire. Each torpedo and missle will have a meme drawn on it.The russian submarine commanders have dubbed this lone wolf adversary the ""SANK MEME"" because they pick up sounds of dank♥♥♥♥♥dragonball z memes coming from down under. THEN THEY ARE DESTROYED LIKE THE SAIYANS THEY ARE FRIEZAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!! The war was lost to the us and the russians won, but they never caught the dank meme captain.Some say the commander is still out there in the north atlantic making dank memes of spongebob and goku. However it is more likely the sub imploded when the meme war came to end and Donald Trump won the presidential election. Only Donald Trump knows if the Sank meme is still around..........only............trump..............dank............memes.................."
76561197973228614,Recommended,541210,32736598,Posted: 24 June,all,Kiaxion,"I have been waiting for this game for a long time, and to be truthful, It was a little bit under my expectations. I miss being able to control suface ships and the mission editor, but extanges that for real-time combat and improved graphics. I enjoyed being able to sink various ships and the submarine-submarine combat. If these were added into the game, then it would make the game more worth $40...Ability to control Russian subs and shipsAdd NATO ships to the gameCreate a mission editor of sortsmake the AI more easy on ""easy"" mode.Other than that, this game is very good and I would recomed this to some of my friends."
76561198208032868,Recommended,541210,33577216,Posted: 15 July,all,Daniel2333,"Fantastic game , but I really wanna play Soviet submarine !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198018812082,Recommended,541210,32781282,Posted: 25 June,all,Petrenko [IEU],"Worth the money, totally immersive simulator with all the bells and whistles. Bit of a learning curve, but it leaves me wanting to learn more. Hope the devs add more to this gem!"
,Recommended,541210,32785159,Posted: 25 June,all,DjIch1,"Got potential, this reminds me of my Silten Hunter 5 Times but with less bugs."
76561198077877015,Recommended,541210,32794468,Posted: 25 June,all,Taw Keen Smak,"Recommended for those that enjoy strategy, thinking and planning. This is not a WOT or an AW point and click with a few extra's thrown in. Game has a substantial learning curve but has an easily understandable tutorial. Many keyboard/mouse inputs so plan to spend an hour or two going through tutorials and practice games. Very good graphics and sound. Once you begin to get better at using commands, game has that magic of drawing you in. Would suggest reviewing  the video's on You T***e before deciding. I like this style of game so for me it was worth the money."
76561197967017207,Recommended,541210,32837447,Posted: 26 June,all,Overkill,Cold Waters does an awasome job of combining simulation and cinematic action.
76561197981062579,Recommended,541210,32905277,Posted: 27 June,all,Fercyful,"Playing with subsims since ""Silent Service"" (Commodore 64). This one is a great one. The developers are very open and they are working in several upgrades. For example: control system. I recommend it."
76561198040888455,Recommended,541210,32952074,Posted: 28 June,all,-=Trylant=-,Well made and very entertaining.  This in my opinion is one purchase I won't regreat and I can't wait to see where the devs go with this!
,Recommended,541210,33511167,Posted: 13 July,all,sickibaba,"Really getting into this game, while updates are frequent they are also good updates that you can see have a positive impact to the game and it leaves you wanting more every time.For anybody who is off put because of the price tag just like I was since getting the game I have been happy with it and want more."
,Recommended,541210,33656613,Posted: 19 July,all,John Wick,"Still  has minor bugs. Playable, but  a better manual  is needed.You will die, alot.Use the tutorial or you will die, even more.Keep a cool head  if it seems like sh*t is about to hit the fan, or you will die.Remember, you will die."
76561198024216877,Recommended,541210,35316632,Posted: 29 September,all,Black_Napalm,"Love this game even if it frustrates the hell out of me. Its like the Admiral has it out for the player, ""Hey dumbass go attack that Soviet invasion fleet by yourself with no support, good luck♥♥♥♥♥♥head"". Gee thanks sir...."
,Recommended,541210,34329012,Posted: 18 August,all,Kartoffeljoghurt,"The only new submarine game there is at the moment and a pretty fun one too. It's simple and still challenging. Although I'd appreciate the addition of more manual TMA and more subs to play as (british, soviet, swedish)as well as more mission types, i'm pretty happy with the game and it can only get better as it's still considered a beta."
76561198008996851,Recommended,541210,32566417,Posted: 19 June,all,HMS_Indefatigable,"Finally, after a near total drought of decent submarine simulations for the better part of a decade, we get a winner, and its set in the wildly underserved cold war era to boot. The few cold war era subsims we have gotten were mostly very complex simulators, the kind of thing you must spend days reading manuals for to master. Unlike the most recent CW subsims, this game chooses to revive the approach of classic submarine sims like Silent Service, Wolfpack, and (especially) Red Storm Rising, in that it focuses on gameplay, and is content to abstract many technical details.I played many, many happy hours of RSR back in the day, and its truly exciting to see this classic subsim approach resurface (sorry, couldn't resist that one). I can safely say that Cold Waters is an exellent example of how to do a reboot of a classic right. It doesn't merely slavishly copy the original, and neither does it miss the point of the original. It refreshes the experience, an is an exellent, modern game that offers the same level of accessible, exciting submarine tactics in the context of a larger war that the original did.There are a few issues still to be fixed, but these are mostly minor issues. One is the lack of standard helm controls, and another are a few balance issues with enemy subs torpedo evasion (they tend not to do much leading to a very high hit percentage), torpedo homing ability (US mk48 torpedos are extremely good at homing in from very long ranges), enemy aircraft detection (they're completely vicious and near impossible to avoid), etc. The developer, a team of just two, is doing a fantastic job of listening to their community and making fixes and additions, though, so I have every confidence that they will very soon have these issues resolved.Overall, I heartily reccomend Cold Waters to any fans of naval warfare or tactical simulation, it's already a very enjoyable game, and once a few rough edges are polished, it will be a new hit of the genre, worthy of its classic inspiration, Red Storm Rising."
76561198018676771,Recommended,541210,32232351,Posted: 6 June,all,Equal Opportunity Offender,As an avid player of Silent Hunter and other naval games stemming back to Task Force 1942 I picked this game up. While this game is great and I recommend you to get it. I found a problem with it that I had not had with other games in this genre. Unlike Silent Hunter the camera in this game is from a 3rd person perspective which means you see the outside of the boat and the water around it. This camera is the root of my problems. Even though I control the sub I feel more like an Observer. On top of that I feel like an observer TRAPPED UNDERWATER. This game brought out an issue I never knew I had. This game gave me a revelation that I am afraid of the vast expanse and emptiness of the ocean! I can't play this game because it makes me too uncomfortable. Don't get me wrong I encourage you to get this game....unless you are like me.
76561198007663027,Recommended,541210,32552066,Posted: 18 June,all,Brygun,"Modern Submarine Warfare.First off, Red Storm Rising, was a hugely successful game in the 1980s and I did at first have trouble adjusting to this game. In fact I refunded my first purchase. Then after a week and a few hours watching videos felt confident in buying the game.It does do a few things different. Of course it does. Its been decades since that game was out. Its a different game developer. After seeing it in action I felt I could enjoy it. There wasn't 3d graphics in 1980s and no WASD steering/diving to evade torps. That was actually amazing to play. Realisitic? I dunno. They can evade but no one in real life has the external camera. They do have multiple crew who can watch different sensors and do different things. As a game it was fun!Like RSR the Cold Waters game gives us a true campaign. That is the events you go through do affect over all changes in the war. The Silent Hunter series, which Ive been a fan and seller of, does very well though the war history is pre-ordained. In history games that is actually a difficult choice: to honor those who served by keeping with the real history or to allow changes? Hearts of Iron for instance lets you rewrite WW2 by how you do things. Well, Cold Waters is set in a war that didn't happen. So you can, and do, affect what happens and that is great!There is no set missions in the campaign. There are scenario missions. Campaign isn't always going to be the same. An earlier Silent Hunter for instance required you to always go hunt a British CV on the east coast of England or always sneak into Scapa Flow. Those are scenarios. You always know alot of what is going on, what you will meet, the sea scape and so on. Cold Waters gives you the need to figure each encounter as it happens. You do choose where on the campaign map you go in your attempts to fulfill a primary mission. Secondary actions, like sacking patrolling frigates, are our choice.Another big factor in reversing my refund decision is the several updates the devs have done plus the creation of a few mods. This happening so early means the game will soon have big quality improvements. Some by the devs. Some by the modders whom I can pick and choose from for the game experience I want.So...Actually happy to have reversed my refund and kept the game.Subsim.comis now hosting various mods. DLC is also planned. So there is even more replay than what a dynamic, never quite the same, campaign gives you.The steam forums are now running smoother. There was some hiccups post release where some members figured they, not the moderators, should be bossing folks around. Moderators are now on top of things with at least one person banned and out of control hater threads get locked down.  We are seeing a wide range of ages in the player base from decades old former RSR, military vets to the young and new.Several guides for steam have been released (by myself and others) to get new players up to speed."
76561198105687904,Recommended,541210,32583482,Posted: 19 June,all,Dank Lord Cthulu,I have sunk alot of Hours into this game seeing if it can finally fit the most perfect game critera for me.Easy to mod:CheckActive Devs: CheckFuture Content: CheckThis game already has a mod out to play soviet subs until the game devs make that available. Thats SUPER great I stalled out in the game then soviet subs just adds a whole new way to play the game. I love the modding availability and I hope they keep it upMy only Beef with this is the helicopters they are so annoying and never leave
,Recommended,541210,33820344,Posted: 26 July,all,BeefJerkyHunter,"Review written during patch 1.05I'm putting a recommend up but, take pause and think a bit about if this game is for you. Due to its deliberate slow pacing, it's difficult to get a good ""feel"" within the limitations of Steam's refund policy. Look up ""Jive Turkey"" on YouTube for regular content (you may need to look up older content as his newer videos are using mods).The campaigns can be long, or short, depending on your performance. Some players finish within 22 days, some can take years of in game time. I personally finished in 44 days. A common complaint is the lack of variety when it comes to the missions. You do repeat many missions in the campaign. All missions are available in the Single Missions. Honestly, other than what is available, I can't think of other scenarios that would be any different. The discussion boards don't offer up any suggestions either. The only suggestion I have is to have a basic mission editor so that the player can input some paramters for the game to setup.In my opinion, this is a game about perfecting your own performance. Story making isn't much of a thing here. I do find the gameplay enjoyable, and engaging. I would recommend watching some YouTube videos (Jive Turkey) to pick up some strategies. ""Casual"" difficult (the default) is satisfying, and challenging enough.Upon installing the game I highly recommend activating the voice overs. While they're bad in quality, they are really useful in calling out things you may just not notice in the event log (especially if you speed up time).I do have some complaints about the game that I have not seen being addressed yet:-Game Optimization isn't great. Despite having low system requirements, the game sure does hog a lot of power. The game really makes my desktop fans whirl (i7 @ 3.5Ghz/16GB/R9 290), and my Surface Pro 4 (Intel HD graphics) has trouble running it at full resolution with all settings at the lowest.-Controls need rebinding for laptops. If you wish to play this on your laptop, you may need to rebind some keys immediately. The game used the numpad which many laptops (14"" and under) just don't have.-There's no borderless windowed mode. C'mon devs, borderless windowed should be standard.-Not connected to Steam Workshop. There are mods for this game but there is no Steam Workshop. Why?"
,Recommended,541210,32550571,Posted: 18 June,all,M'koll,"For a fan of the old Red Storm Rising and Cold War submarine warfare in general, this game is like a ray of sunshine. It's a bit of an odd bird right now: definitely arcade-ish but you shouldn't touch it without either a basic understanding of the hardware involved or a desire to learn. I can see the developer expanding in both directions, to appeal more to hardcore simulation fans and arcade gamers but as of now, the game is neither.Make sure you know what you're getting into. I can't wait for more updates and can only hope for a bright future for Cold Waters."
76561197985631837,Recommended,541210,34366009,Posted: 19 August,all,Tabuli,"""Under fire,Under water.May 42 when,Bury did fail the test.To their own shore,Came the world war.Gleaves and the Ingham,Leading them into death.""- Sabaton, WoflpackI've never been really into boats (ok, I've played WoWS but it's an arcade game), and even less so with submarines!I've never really played Silen Hunter, etc.However, Cold Waters does something something *really* solid.The atmosphere, the feel... The nerve-wrecking silence which is cut by the active sonar ""BING!"" and the sound of torpedoes in the water...Man, you get brown alert all over!I *highly* recommend Cold Waters!If you want to see some awesome gameplay (the kind of play you want to have, but won't in a long time ;) ), check out Jive Turkey and, of course, The Mightly Jingles in Youtube.Especially Jive Turkey, as an ex-submarine sonar operator, is just awesome.BUY THIS GAME! NOW!"
,Recommended,541210,34356506,Posted: 19 August,all,Eagle Beak [3rd SFO],"Very fun submarine simulation. This game is not an extremely in-depth simulator such as Dangerous Waters, which means it allows people newer to naval warfare sims (such as myself) to build interest, and focuses more on action and atmosphere. This is actually the first naval simulation I've ever played, so by no means am I a subject matter expert, but this game has definitely whetted my appetite for more in-depth simulators.10/10 would never cavitate again!"
76561197974739210,Recommended,541210,34688348,Posted: 2 September,all,Catastrophy,"Simplified take on modern submarine and naval engagements with a TPS perspective. The critical aspect of processing sonar signals is automated with a way to match audio signatures manually. Yet, it feels detailed enough to deliver a good impression of submarine warfare. And playing it is fun.The TPS perspective adds to the atmosphere. Purists can swap it for a tactical map - most of the planning and weapon control is done here anyway.Was a bit bare-bones and partly buggy at launch but has received very good atention from the devs since. A good choice for filzy casul sub commanders or new players to this genre.Once you licked blood you might want to have a look at Dangerous Waters. Or Silent Hunter 3."
76561198053400029,Recommended,541210,33222555,Posted: 4 July,all,Shaftoe,"A game like this was long expected. Yes, it's not perfect, but certainly it is worth your time, if you like this genre.It isn't hard. In it's core, this game is arcade, yet smart and thoroughly developed arcade, packed with important aspects of submarine warfare and a handy manual to explain it.This game will not leave you bored. It's my first submarine game and, you know, thanks to it, not the last.Buy if you have the money. If you're interested in modern subs. If you don't have anything else to play with friends. And have fun."
76561198008086801,Recommended,541210,32246954,Posted: 7 June,all,3G05,"Thank You,for smart ppl who made this game,I would had payed 50e just to enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,541210,33528833,Posted: 13 July,all,WillTravis,"This game is alot of fun. If you were like me when watching The Hunt for Red October, then you thought ""Wow! That guy (insert any crew member of the USS Dallas here) is pretty cool. It sure would be nice to play as him."" If you're like me, then this is the game for youCold Waters toes the line between simulator and arcade very well, not sacrificing gameplay and fun in favor of rivet-counting detail. That's not to say the game isn't accurate, however. There is alot of math going on under the hood and there is also a massive in-game encyclopedia for you tosubmergeyourself in.The first couple hours of playing are tough, knowing how to position your self properly, timing your strikes right, and when to cut and run all come from time and practice. I've put quite a few hours into the game now and I still find my self sinking alot. It's still alot of fun, and pulling of a challenging attack is very rewarding. The campaigns are fun, and quite tough (At the time of writing this, I have just won my first campaign and still haven't quite come off that high).The devs do roll out updates frequently and are constantly fixing what few bugs there are. The crew voices are nice, altough the Sonarman could have a little more urgency about him when declaring ""Torpedo in the water!"" A couple features I would like to see added is the ability to create custom senarios and the ability to control Russian subs. I would also enjoy more areas to campaign in, the Mediteranian or the Mid-Atlantic.All-in-all, whether you're hunting a Soviet typhoon, bombarding the Finnish coastline, or running from four angry torpedoes (that torpedo one was an intense encounter that tested all the skills I had learned while playing), Cold Waters is alot of fun with a lot of replay value. If you have any intrest in Cold War or submarines than Cold Waters is a must have!"
,Recommended,541210,32770340,Posted: 25 June,all,Eggsackqueuethor,"Don't let the graphis scare you off.(not that it's an ugly game by any standards)The game is quite indepth and well researched.The mechanics hold up except for some really fringe cases which the devs are adamant they'll fix.Also it is also NOT silent hunter 3.This is the cold war, we have computers now and remote controlled torpedos.But be sure to atleast give the ingame compendium a cursory read before you get going."
,Recommended,541210,32329123,Posted: 10 June,all,Egoon,"If you want a realy indept sub game. this is it, its is a very hard game to play , you get killed easely and its not that easy to kill enemys.i was looking for a more arcade like version of this."
76561197972697143,Recommended,541210,32375720,Posted: 12 June,all,luca.leone,"Very nice, though a little more missions would be a blissAlso, depth is difficult to asses when looking at the tactical map, with all those reflections"
76561198029299821,Recommended,541210,33042023,Posted: 30 June,all,EbenY,"Brought back memories of the old 688 attack sub. Is fun to play but would benefit a lot from a more random and wider mission selection.Bought it at 40% discunt and that was OK, not worth the full price yet....nevertheless I realy enjoy it so thunmbs up from me."
,Recommended,541210,33648148,Posted: 19 July,all,Plexmann,I like it.
76561198047339801,Recommended,541210,32212874,Posted: 5 June,all,Techpriest,"Really, I was not going to buy this, I was going to figure out if it was good or not, but once I saw the trailer I was kind of hooked. So off I went and I have to say, it's harder than I expected, but hard in a good way.I've only explored one of the campaigns so far, and while I think that this game could do with some improvements (waypoint marking on the campaign map, periscope and launch depth hotkeys, better damage models) all in all it's a fun package if you've got a hankering to blow up some communists and save the free world."
76561198005777386,Recommended,541210,32211184,Posted: 5 June,all,Radox,"Given that its apparently moddable, it gets a thumbs up. The subsim community will eat this up and make it an excellent game; and so It stays in my library waiting for that."
,Recommended,541210,32331217,Posted: 10 June,all,Lt. Burt Reynolds,"Loving it so far- would like some incremental controls for helm, but not a deal breaker for me; I just wrote commands for my HOTAS and now I'm truly enjoying it.Oh yeah-subsim.comThe mods for this are going to be CRAZY!AHEM! WORKSHOP, YOU HEARIN' THIS?"
76561198010613634,Recommended,541210,32354586,Posted: 11 June,all,PheasantActual,"Only a little into Cold Waters so far, but it's already clearly a more advanced and complex game than its predecessor Atlantic Fleet. Clearly a brilliant game, and the campaign clearly marks this as more than just ""Atlantic Fleet 2."" That said, a number of features from Atlantic Fleet are missing in Cold Waters. No fleet command features (not surprising given the greater focus on specific submarines) but also NO SOVIETS.GIVE US SOVIETS!!!"
76561198055051245,Recommended,541210,32295207,Posted: 9 June,all,ppoma,I love cold war era games...
76561198008720582,Not Recommended,541210,32373874,Posted: 12 June,all,Mark,"Still to many glitches the 2nd Campaign in unplayable because your ship wont even leave port.  The tutorial is ok still some bugs in that though.  This game is unfinished and shouldn't be bought for 40 bucks.  This should be in late Alpha.  The graphics are good though.  I am a bit sad the waterfall isn't bigger, and you don't get the other sonar setups, but this game could be modfied by the developer, or by players to do that I am sure.  Otherwise it is ok but I won't recommend this until they fix huge flaws like.... you can't play a freaking campaign...."
76561198102896204,Recommended,541210,32421231,Posted: 14 June,all,rwreeves57,"VERY disappointed. Serious bugs with display.  After an action scene or two, the view will NOT return to the sub and the game is over.  Nothing will restore it and you have to abort game to recover.  Also, at times the mouse will no longer control the sub from the campaign map.  Very buggy. Had to restart several games so far."
76561198007242995,Recommended,541210,32357473,Posted: 11 June,all,Atomvinter,"I really enjoy this game. To me, it strikes a very fine balance between simulation and game. And it looks really good, especially for a submarine game/sim.The campaign feels quite dynamic and is nicely presented through news that actually react to what you do.I was for instance given a mission to perform a tomahawk-strike in Gremikha. After a very hairy situation where I managed to sink four ships protecting the harbor AND dodge the torpedoes from a patrol aircraft, I fired twelve tomahawk missiles at the target. They all hit and turned Gremikha into a burning mess.After that, I got a news message saying that the Soviets condemned the NATO attack at Gremikha for killing civilians.The Soviets got desperate at this point and decided to send out their ballistic missile submarines in an attempt to force a better peace deal with NATO.I was ordered to intercept them:After a quick run back to Scotland I was rearmed and was able to intercept a Delta IV SSBN protected by two Alfas and a Victor III under the ice cap of the north pole. The Soviets were pinging their sonars like crazy, so staying hidden was not much of an option.So, I responded in kind with my own active sonar. As soon as I did, all hell broke loose. I managed to pinpoint their locations I fired one torpedo at each target. They started firing torpedoes wildly as well. There must have been close to twenty torpedoes in the water at some point.I went to flank speed away from the area, after dropping noisemakers and decoys. The first spread of torpedoes sunk three of the enemy. Only one of the Alfas was left, and he was still firing at me. I fired two more torpedoes (one passive and one active) at the Alfa as he was charging me at almost forty knots. Both hit the target.The Soviet Union devolved into civil war after that, and we were able to stop world war 3.PROS:- Decent submarine simulation (not as advanced system-wise as Dangerous Waters, but not bad)- Nice graphics and sounds- Dynamic campaign that makes you feel like an important part of the war- Quite a few types of ships and submarines- Real world tactics work (thermal layers, reducing cross section, decoys)- Coastlines, harbors, ice bergs and varied weather with rough seas.- Exciting and scary.- Punishing AI: pinging wildly, cavitating, using radar, surfacing or firing missiles carry great consequences if you're not prepared. They will know where you are, and they will shoot ASROCs, depth charges and long range torpedoes at you.CONS:- Some minor bugs in initial release (like noisemakers not being reloaded... fixed in beta patch though)- No Soviet campaign- Interface can be confusing because it is quite minimalistic- The campaign map where you move your sub is a good idea, but should have a speed setting so you get better time to think.Conclusion: I really like this game so far. If the developers fix the minor issues as well as maybe give us a couple of campaigns where you can play Soviet subs, this game would be close to perfect."
76561198010936126,Not Recommended,541210,33014303,Posted: 29 June,all,BlackDog1247,"I hate to give a bad rating to this game, but I'm going to be honest. This game got me addicted in the moments of first playing it. However the amount I paid for it, and the features it has doesn't warrant the price in my opinion.Cold Waters reminds me of DCS. I like that aspect. However like the Flaming Cliffs 3 F-15 DCS DLC, is how this game compares. The graphics are good, however I'll give you two examples to why im disapointed in this game product's price is this:I've had 5 enemy subs just straight up kill themselves, ie. dive to deep when I launch a torpedo at them. They were trolling along at 300ft. and dove to 1200ft, killingthemselves...wtf???Then 3 others lauched at me, and there torpedoes just came around and blew themselves up...okay...then one other mission I started, and two ships had sunk themselves...I don't know how.Then I had a mission to drop off a group of Navy SEALS behind enemy lines, and to not get discovered in the process. I had a helluva a lot of action and the mission was fun! I had been discovered unfourtanetley, and had to dodge 5 torpedoes (on struck my ship). It was a long misison! So when I finally reached the drop off point I came to a complete hault, and was prompted by a note that said, the SEALS had left the Submarine basically. I looked around the sub...just staring blankley at my screen waiting to see the SEALS exit my Sub...however nothing. They had majically exicted the sub like Houdini, *poof* gone. I was disapointed to not see an actual team leaving my sub. However that is not the prime reason. You get plenty of missions to attend, that get kind of repetitive, and a handful of submarines to use. No ships. I'm a big simulator guy, however this is kind of like a ""semi-simulator"" game. If your into that, then this game is for you.I'll contiune to play Cold Waters in hopes to see new content make this game bigger."
76561198082685038,Recommended,541210,33130212,Posted: 2 July,all,DRIFTYPEARL,awsome game
76561197990027023,Recommended,541210,32214547,Posted: 5 June,all,Bomarck,"It's a nice cold war era sub game that sits between casual and simulator, easy to get into and enjoy."
,Recommended,541210,32211861,Posted: 5 June,all,sith1144,10/10 enemy sub grounded itself and my torpedo started running circles until it found a new submarine to hit - me!
76561198017689964,Not Recommended,541210,32504350,Posted: 17 June,all,knorke,Good game but not enough content. Bought it for 37€. This game is worth 10€.The fights against other ships and subs are funny but its no variation between the missions.
76561198023473274,Recommended,541210,32576451,Posted: 19 June,all,beaks,after playing all the silent hunter games and really enjoying them i was unsure about a cold war sub game. This is not as detailed as the silent hunter series in submarine control and realism. But is realistic enough to enjoy for sim players. The campaign is pretty good also. good sound good graphics good realism on harder settings.worth buying for any naval game enthusiast
76561198053162743,Recommended,541210,32241762,Posted: 7 June,all,Dyu,"I have enjoyed this game a lot. It has a lot of great aspects in the game. I understand its a sub sim and well being underwater you can not see a lot and if that is what they go for with stuff exploding not where you think is great. There is a few things that could get fixed/changed but for a game like this it is wonderful. I loved playing silent service series, this game reminds me so much about it. The medals are a great addition, would love to get more medals and more campaign."
76561197970675913,Recommended,541210,32576141,Posted: 19 June,all,TampaViking,Ok i have played alot of submarine games in my life. From the first ones to now this one and  i must say this is a pretty good game. People have a hardtime to fire the torpedos. But just read the tutorials and you will not have any problems.Buy it and enjoy the game.
76561198015682171,Recommended,541210,32231910,Posted: 6 June,all,torch672,"This may be an inaccurate review and I should probably wait until i play it further. 2.5 hours is not even correct as I had to leave for over a hour and left it on during tutorial. I bought this on marketing only. I usually always wait for other reviews, gaming sight reviews etc. I bought this on the companies opening statement ""Spiritual Successor to the Micropose Classic 'Red Storm Rising'"".Someone knows us babyboomers and how much we loved RSR. A great big 5 1/2 bright red floppy disk w/ a red label that was worn white  in a spot by my thumb putting it in my Commodore 64.I'll update this review after I have learned it, but for now WAY TO GO KILLERFISH! THANKS FOR REMEMBERING US!"
76561198010965036,Recommended,541210,32232261,Posted: 6 June,all,streak_eagle,"If you are looking for decent graphics and a fun submarine game without all the hassles of a hard core simulator, this is it. The mechanics behind the game such as sonar and torpedo performance approach a hard core simulator's level of detail/accuracy, but this isn't a game where you man a watch station or see what the inside of a submarine looks like. I was a submarine sonar tech on SSN-687 and AGSS-555. I thoroughly enjoy the classes of submarine available in this game. While I served on a Sturgeon class, I love the slightly older and slightly less capable Skipjack class. They were the ""sports cars"" of US SSNs. They looked sleek and were fast and maneuverable, but had less capable sonar and fire control. This is the best submarine game released in a long time."
76561198216010641,Recommended,541210,34343575,Posted: 18 August,all,jacoba,"If you think your system is too ""low end"" for this game...mine is LOW, I mean LOW. Just open the ""video"" tab under ""options,"" uncheck all the boxes under except for full screen, lower all bars to the minimum and leave your display size the biggest. It will be choppy at first, I panicked, but my pc just had to get adjusted to it. I'm getting about 15-20fps and it still looks very good and is very enjoyable."
76561198120814747,Recommended,541210,32208088,Posted: 5 June,all,Timid Demagogue,Exactly what I wanted.
,Recommended,541210,32242909,Posted: 7 June,all,MxxiiiF,"As a player of the Silent Hunter series, it is quite apparent that sub sims are far and few between.  Its quite refreshing playing a different era against the Russians.I am currently enjoying this game but feel that certain things need to be improved or added:1. The ocean floor is kinda boring and samey with no rock beds etc.2. The UI could do with some tweaking and glamour.3. Weather conditions are slightly boring from what i have seen.Other then MY gripes above, this game is fun and easy to learn, keep up the good work and im sure this will make a very polished sim."
76561198011206383,Recommended,541210,32583902,Posted: 19 June,all,Madeyes2882,"As fan of the Silent Hunter games, I really fell in love with Cold Waters. Its a great modern day reimagining of the sub sim genre. Overall though it feels a little unpolished/early access, and the navigation controls are a little arcadey (simply using WASDs to move your boat, basically) instead of the more ""milsim"" controls found in the SH series. Aside from that though the game is well researched and really well implemented; it perfectly captures the quiet tension and nailbiting that I'd envision sub combat to be. If you've ever watched ""Hunt for the Red October"" and thought, hey, I want to play that, then look no further. Be prepared for a fairly steep learning curve and some frustration early on. I probablly lost a least half a dozen campaigns within a few missions before i started to really get the hang of it. Great game, and Devs are still adding more content  and bug fixes."
,Recommended,541210,32584548,Posted: 19 June,all,Hydra,"A fun lite version of the old i688 hunter killer, sub command, and dangerous waters games, with red storm rising elements. Possesses sufficent simulator features to remain immersed."
,Recommended,541210,32211135,Posted: 5 June,all,Rashmeister,Great game if you're into submarine combat. Just don't sink yourself with your own torpedo like I did. Never knife-fight with an Alfa.
,Recommended,541210,32579947,Posted: 19 June,all,[SG-X] Radar11x,It's slow its tedious amd fun. if you ever wanted a sub sim that had a campaign like IL-2 1946 this is your game.That being said this game feels like and early access and is riddled with the oddest bugs. I would say buy it once they polish it up a bit.
76561198002801289,Recommended,541210,33944802,Posted: 1 August,all,Enronhitman,"Never played Silent Hunter 3 or 5 (Thank you Ubisoft for zero Steam support) That said, this IP is excellent.Cons:1) more world map content2) co-op (nuff said)Pro:1) Sound track2) I'm a nub, the key maps work for me3) Modding support wtf?Jive Turkey is a nerd that knows his IP.hope this helps.."
,Recommended,541210,34825135,Posted: 8 September,all,Vasilii Gopnikovich,Not sure if $40 is worth in its current state but the game certainly got potentia!
76561198110158444,Recommended,541210,34648085,Posted: 31 August,all,Comrade Airplane Hoovy,wish that you could play as the other surface based ships
,Recommended,541210,32580468,Posted: 19 June,all,Murmur,Give me a ping Vasili. One ping only please.
76561198093949252,Recommended,541210,34553774,Posted: 28 August,all,lilongfei_shanghai,"感谢开发者提供这么优秀的游戏， 我希望舰艇模型能够得到更好的优化，还有游戏效果能够做得更好！ 还有游戏机制能够向DW危险水域那样真实。Thanks to the developers for providing such excellent games, I hope the ship model will be better optimized, and the game will be able to do better! And the game mechanism can be as real as the dangerous waters of DW"
,Recommended,541210,34679003,Posted: 2 September,all,RodgerDash,"I am in love with the quality and the detail of the game. Cold Waters definatnly competes with many AAA title games that have multimillion dollar budgets. Very suprised that this is indie.My complaints, more modern submarines and more subs. They state over 40 classes howver you only get maybe 7? I'm pretty upset about that. With many naval operations there are sometimes followon land operations. Maybe attacking land targets next with an expansion of subs? The 40 classes of ships that are references are may be the NPCs. It's not a big deal but afer 8 hours, there is nothing left to do.I will be looking foward to an expansion. If the creators pulled this off, by god this will be GOOOOOOOOOOOD."
76561198248806988,Recommended,541210,34764678,Posted: 5 September,all,lukasburgess,"An absolutely terrific game, with a relatively fair price in my opinion. (It's certainly worth it). However, if you know nothing or very little about modern submarine warfare, I would highly reccomend watching a few online tutorials as well as taking advantage of the tutorials already built into the game. The game is a learning experience, and it takes a bit of time to learn all of the features. The game is being updated regularly at the moment, so new features continue to flow in. I've really been enjoying Cold Waters, and definitely reccomend it to anyone who has an interest in submarines, especially during the Cold War. Good hunting!"
76561198151138813,Recommended,541210,35426498,Posted: 2 October,all,Nickname34 Hellcase.com,"update pls, more diversity, bigger map, surface vessels, russian campaign, towed array animation- if  this all gets added i can sink another 100 hours into this game"
76561197991072740,Recommended,541210,32327747,Posted: 10 June,all,cassius769,"If Tom Clancy SSN was refreshed with new graphics and ability to steer the torpedos which are on a cable it would be so much better.Initially I jumped on this game and spent whole day going through missions but after I while it was to easy and unrealistic.I remembered then that I had Tom Clancy SSN on a disc. Unfortunately it works only on Win95 and only Win95. No tinkering was helping enough. Had to download Virtual Box, Win95 image and so on... and Jesus what a joy!!!!Whoever has trouble running SSN let me know - Ill give you a hand."
,Recommended,541210,32891059,Posted: 27 June,all,err0r4o4,"I believe this to be my very first game review on Steam. Had to do it because this game is what a lot of us have been waiting for. Almost. But there is serious hope, for the devs are hard at work fixing and improving the game.I was getting killed left and right at Elite difficulty but still it was fun. But then, this guy, Jive Turkey came along.. He showed us on Youtube how to play. Since then I'm having problems storing all my medals and I can even check my text messages with 4 torpedoes in tow!My hopes for this game is that the devs do something a bit like Gran Turismo Spec A and B where they give us the choice to play as the current arcady style or a more sim like version.The situation now is I feel like I'm cheating even on Elite difficulty because here is what happen's to most of my missions:Steps:1-Hit running silent right away and dive to 1200m2-Shoot passive snapshots to active sonar (active pings from enemies) bearings3-Floor the gas away from incoming torpedoes4-Make incoming torpedoes waste fuel by making knukles while cruising at 33kt (thats the perfect time for a beverage)5-The second the last torpedo explode, hit running silent again and turn toward active pings6-Identify contacts and shoot whats left7-Turn away from the graveward and run silent forever until that pesky helicopter above you is far enough (this step will take forever)So thats how you take away the fun in a awesome game. I have no doubts the devs will fix/change the game in days from now that will improve it a lot.I love this game even now. I recommend it obviously and to those complaining about the price; if we dont pay enough, the devs wont continue working on it to make it the Dangerous Waters 2017 we hope to get.And go watch Jive Turkey."
,Recommended,541210,32323530,Posted: 10 June,all,Mispunt,Indeed a spiritual successor to the venerable Red Storm Rising. It may not be a study sim but there's still a surprising amount of depth in this.
76561197982854553,Recommended,541210,32324501,Posted: 10 June,all,Sage,"Best stealthy shooter since Sniper Elite 4! Not sure how my guy holds his breath for so long though, also can't find the med kits and powerups?Great, immersive game. Complexity level is relatively high, but not nearly so as the most involved sims. This seems like a nice balance to me. Game play is tense and interesting. There are a few smaller missing features I'd like to see, but devs appear quite active, with the minor bugs the game shipped with fixed and tweaks and improvements already coming.I'd like to see an even more dynamic campaign, but this is a great start. Needs a screen that says, ""YOU DIED""."
76561198331554984,Recommended,541210,33265191,Posted: 5 July,all,Hirad,"I've played less than 5 hours so far but this game is amazing, you just need to have a little time set aside and a whole lot of patience, epsecially with the older missions where you only have the dumb fire and mk37? torpedos because if your not in the optimal firing position your gonna miss badly, i spend 45 minutes chasing a heli-carrier because it kept outrunning my torpedos!I would love to see playable soviet subs/campaign - ""Give me a ping Vassili!""10/10 - One of the few games i've been happy to pay full price for!"
76561198024009860,Recommended,541210,33352249,Posted: 7 July,all,Entropy,The little Sturgeon that could.
76561197968158166,Recommended,541210,33560451,Posted: 15 July,all,chugs,"So Red Storm Rising is a bit like an ex-girlfriend. You know, the 'one'. The one that got away and left your heart utterly rendered in half.And Cold Water is like bumping into her twenty years later and holy moly she is utterly stunning. It makes your heart go into major nolstgia mode.Holy moly is Cold Water and amazing tactical and stategic submarine game. I loved Red Storm Rising back in the day for its ridiclious number of controls (and the keyboard cut out/insert that went over your keyboard so you could see the controls). Red Storm Rising was amazing for how close it came to being in a sub (in my mind).Cold Waters has it all plus more. It has the tactical display, the signature TMA mapping. The use of thermocline, diving, go on high speed runs and then drifting allowing for your sonar array to untangle itself and start picking up lost contacts,I love being able to third-person view your sub and use it to dodge torpodos. I love the quality of the graphics, and the great deal of effort put into the sound (wonderful effort guys).The AI is good. I put it on realistic mode and its challenging. Taking on an amphibious landing group is intidimating and difficult (imagine trying to take on 6-8 escorts, submerged and surface whilst making sure you get off enough shots at the amphibious landing craft before they get away.I love hunting for SSBNs how crafty the enemy is with some subs using the depths and firing at the first whisp of a contact whilst other subs come in close. The range of weapons, the great graphics and game play make this game a 10/10 for me.If you like military games. If you like stragetic and tactical games and have the patience and desire to learn about how submarines work then this game will be a 10/10 for you."
,Recommended,541210,32308314,Posted: 9 June,all,Maverick,https://youtu.be/--gvvQ0pMXsCheck out my Video Review of Cold Waters :)
76561198073900811,Recommended,541210,32801801,Posted: 25 June,all,JamesAims,yes yes !
76561198129516189,Recommended,541210,33058532,Posted: 30 June,all,BankaiBahamut,Killed a blue whale with a MK48 torpedo.10/10 best whaling simulator ever.
,Recommended,541210,33387790,Posted: 8 July,all,Sigvatr,Easy to get into!
76561198076254203,Recommended,541210,32369182,Posted: 12 June,all,Faraday,"Cold Waters is absolutely one of the finest subsim games out there. Any fans of the Silent Hunter series will love this game. I have been a lifelong fan of SH and I was refreshed by the Cold War era technology and the unique challenges that brings. Cold Waters takes the focus off of controlling individual systems and instead frees up the Captain to consider larger tactical and strategic choices. The sonar modeling is extremely realistic, making evasion against enemy ships/subs/torpedos difficult, but not impossible as some other commentors might make it seem. The in-game manual is extremely detailed and very helpful. Beware a steep learning curve, but I assure you it is well worth it the first time you 'dogfight' a Victor and win.Vinal Verdict: 9.25/10"
76561197986541464,Recommended,541210,32435663,Posted: 15 June,all,Nobody,"Not much to say. Been missing this type of game. It's fun, wish they would have made it with Multiplayer-Support. Reminds me of the 90s where every game had a 500 pages manual."
76561198159369749,Recommended,541210,32800900,Posted: 25 June,all,EmpiricalMadman,"This is honestly my new favorite sub game. In my opinion, this is perhaps the best blend of in-depth, realistic modern submarine combat; however, it also is relatively easy to get into and straight-forward. That being said, its not a simple game and requires an understanding of modern submarine tactics and a good deal of patience to get the most out of it. All and all, I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who likes this sort of game. Furthermore, I hope the developers, will expand this game in the future to include playable NATO or Soviet submarine campaigns, either through paid DLC or updates."
76561198063531000,Recommended,541210,32829526,Posted: 26 June,all,Hunter117,wonderful game
76561198127752779,Recommended,541210,33031790,Posted: 30 June,all,Firip,Great game.
76561198002494034,Recommended,541210,33204663,Posted: 3 July,all,officerharris,"Awesome game. At last us subsim followers get the game we have been waiting for. Two thumbs up to the Dev who continues to update the game regularly. With the new crew sound reply this game is awesome in combo with Voice Attack. Using voice attack with the game you can now issue verbal orders and get replys from your crew....Outstanding, great game!"
,Recommended,541210,33502905,Posted: 13 July,all,∫John Clark,Amazing game !
76561198009807509,Recommended,541210,33546137,Posted: 14 July,all,Halcyon,"If you're coming from hours and hours of playing Dangerous Waters, Cold Waters will give you a refreshing twist on sub combat.Instead of switching between radar screens, sonar waterfall displays, and maintaining your own TMA plotting, Cold Waters focuses more on combat tactics and positioning then gathering and maintaining information.The game does some things automatically for you, as a real crew would, like maintaining sonar tracks, weapon transients, radar and ESM plots if your masts are up, active sonar ping returns, and TMA plots on all tracked contacts.The things that you must control yourself still keeps the game extremely interesting for a sub captain, such as rudder, bow planes, ballast, and speed.Once your sonar crew pickup a contact, it's your job to position the sub to get the solution percentage as close to 100% as possible, and the way you maneuver the sub matters which brings tactics into play.Weapon settings can be changed, including active/passive torp homing, straight or circle tracking, and depth. Weapons can be wire guided, as long as you're within a 60 degree arc or so from your torps that you fired.Wires can be broken based on your speed, depth changes, and angle to target.Like Dangerous Waters this game also models thermal layers, but takes it a step beyond and introduces surface duct....how noisy it is near the surface based on the ocean conditions. Layers can be strong or weak, as well as surface duct conditions, which influences how you control your own depth to track contacts or hide from them.A towed array is modeled, and it does have a blindspot just as your ship sonar has a blindspot directly behind it in the baffles.Tactics involving sneaking up on targets in their baffles are completely doable, and at times you can sink a target without them even knowing you were behind them.Sub launched cruise missiles and harpoon anti-ship missiles have firing restrictions that must be observed, which again forces the player to make choices on what depth to run at during contact against surface vessels.New players to naval combat can turn the difficulty down to an arcade like experience, and experienced players who want a challenge can bump it up beyond ""Realistic"" to ""Elite"", which provides a very lethal enemy.For difficulty settings this high, mechanics like ""silent running"" are of more importance as even reloading a torpedo tube can increase your sub's noise output.The game is already able to be modded, and as of this review a handful of mods already exist such as a 2004 campaign (the game ships with a 1960's and 1980's campaign with era-appropriate ships and tech).As this is a fairly new title, the platform they have is a solid one that can only improve as new features and content is added to it.The only downside to this title right now is a lack of multiplayer and a dedicated mission editor, but those two things detract very little from playing this game.Workshop support could only improve the quality of the mods, so hopefully that's something they will add in the future."
76561197967062041,Not Recommended,541210,32215846,Posted: 6 June,all,Justin Case,"I can see what they where going for here, and it wouldn't be a bad game if they put a bit more work on it. As it currently stands though, I cannot recommend this title. Control schemes are all over the place. You have to stear the sub using WASD keys, which in itself would be fine if they also implemented a waypoint function in addition both for x,y and z movement. Trying to go to periscope depth for instance is a challenge in itself and is a frustrating experience.Campaign map also does not have a waypoint function, and you cannot pause it when trying to get your bearings. They haven't even bothered to implement buttons for the UI in the encyclopedia when browsing ship types. I had to check the keyboard mappings to even get that to work.That is my biggest gripe with the game. I'm fine with an arcadey cold war sub game, but this doesn't get some of the core fundamentals right, and thus this will ruin your experience overall."
,Not Recommended,541210,32248219,Posted: 7 June,all,PhxTri,"I knew MicroProse's ""Red Storm Rising"", and you sir are no ""Red Storm Rising"", but you're close.  I must have played Red Storm Rising (RSR) more than any other game during my adolescent years.  I loved that game.  Given the power of the Commodore 64, it was great.Cold Waters is a modern knock-off of Red Storm Rising in every way, except that it misses some of the most important functions and options of its predecessor.For starters the navigation needs micro-management.  The hardest part of the game should not be getting the boat to periscope depth with accidently surfacing it.  Unlike RSR, where you could order your depth or heading and let the crew get to there, this game requires you to give too much attention to navigation.  It would have been a great addition to RSR where you could override the crew and decide how you raise the ship to a certain depth, or how quickly you turn the boat, like this game make you do.  As a submarine captain I’m not going to have to give an order and then run over to the diving officer to help steer the boat.  If I was going to give the game a 10, this aspect of the game for me makes it a 6.Now, I understand that game is not supposed to be Dangerous Waters or some uber nuclear submarine simulator game, but the physics of the sub need to be altered.  For example, the boat goes up/down and left/right in the manner you would assume is realistic.  The speed part, not so much, with the sub acting more like a race car.  You can accelerate to 20 knots in about 6 seconds.  You also can’t enter a speed, but instead are limited to 1/3, 2/3, etc., power levels.  So the sub either travels 5, 10 . . . you get my meaning.These are just super simple and obvious things you would think the developers would understand, especially given that they must have had quite a few hours playing the old RSR game.I have the same “realistic on some things” vs. “not realistic at all” on others.  For example:  torpedoes are more agile than an anorexic ballerina, weapons don’t seem to have long enough run times, some torpedoes lock-on when they probably shouldn’t when other look perfect and swim right by the targets.  I could go on.Bottomline, how much you like this game will probably depend upon your nostalgia for RSR.  Right now I’m giving it a thumbs down, but only because as it currently is I would give it a 48 out of 100.  With a couple of easy tweaks, it could probably be an 88 out of 100."
76561197981855519,Not Recommended,541210,32238284,Posted: 7 June,all,The Vorlon (GySgt USMC Ret),"An appealing game that fills an empty hole in modern military simulation games, unfortunately flawed by having to play it.  First off the art work and graphics are visually appealing however the game play struggles.  As sold the game comes with a very limited number of standalone scenarios.  There is no scenario editor at all which makes the game of limited value for replay.  The campagin game options are equally limited covering only 2 eras - 1968 and 1984.Game controls are good, though not intiutive and it's just about mandatory to play through the various training scenarios to get a feel for controls, weapons and sensors.  A kudo to the developers for the way they handled TMA and sonar profiles, very well done.Some historical quirks and mistakes do exist -for one good scenario pits a US sub against Soviet task group in the Dennmark Straits.  However the major Soviet warship is a Moksva class helicopter, which never operated in the Altantic.  They where assigned to the Black Sea and rarely ventured beyond the Straits of Gibralter due to their poor sea keeping qualities.  In a major conflict they would have either been bottled up in the Black Sea or destroyed long before they would reach the Dennmark Straits.Soviet weapons and sensors are depicted as being much better that reality and the historical record indicate, while US sensors are somewhat degraded.  The entire SONUS line is discounted as well.  Those are quirks and can be fixed however.Overall it's a good interesting take on a topic that has been poorly covered over the past 10 years or so in the gaming world but it needs improvement.  At this point I can't recommend the game, but you have to make a choice for yourself.  Personally I am disappointed,  it's not anywhere up to the standard of playability and long term value of Atlantic Fleet.Some additonal comments -1. Holy crap - the scenarios are unbalanced, ships find you without any apparent effort, even when silent running.2. Soviet torpedos are apparently infallible - you can rarely dodge one.3. MOSS is completely worthless, you shoot off a MOSS and every ship and submarine totally ignores it.4. No VLS tubes for the missions where you have to launch TLAMs at a base - WTF -  VLS was being added ot subs in the 1980s.5. Seriously over rated fire control for Soviet defensive weapons,  Harpoons are just about worthless (when in fact they are very effective).Seriously shocked at how weak this game is - defintely was not worth the money."
76561198128075272,Recommended,541210,32207984,Posted: 5 June,all,NumberOneBSUFan,"There are two types of ships, submarines, and targets."
76561198045037287,Not Recommended,541210,32466137,Posted: 16 June,all,mfraziereve,The game was decent. the grahics are beautiful the premise is decent and a little funny. the game play is rather smooth. but in the end its overwhelming difficulty is to much. i played the game for 3 maybe 4 hours on normal and couldnt survive two missions in a row. i'd win one then get crushed in the next one. i finally resolved to turn the difficulty to easy. still was getting my but kicked. even on easy if you cavitate for half a second or break the surface in the slightest bit their whole fleet will eat your sole. the difficulty only gives you health so you can take a few extra hits...sounds ok but when they find you they dont just hit you once they drop hell on you. so i dug a little into some of the reviews and guides and managed to turn the 3d models on even when you dont have a firing position which makes sub battles much more fun and survivable. and surface battles a little easier. but like stated in half the reviews unless you use every...single...ammunition... you get an unending string of missions that dont allow you to resupply. and once you get it down you can beat the game in just a few hours... the game could be great if you fixed a few things... make the ai have like a dection counter.. like on normal 3 mess ups you get caught 5 on easy 1 on hard and 0 on that other difficulty. put a resupply time or require you to pick up missions in the port. those 2 things would make this game so much more enjoyable.
76561197988856330,Not Recommended,541210,34208790,Posted: 13 August,all,damndirtybadger,"Game is NOT a complete game.  Many things are buggy and the AI is has insanely sensitive instruments.  The game feels rushed.  The 'campaign' is merely free-roam with added fixed missions, and each sub has set missions.The game doesn't even fully explain your weapons, even in the advanced information panel.  Aircraft are present, doesn't tell you anything about them, other than that they exist.  Helicopter in the mission? NO information on how to avoid them.Game looks good,  shooting missles/torpedoes feels fun, but the whole thing really lacks any type of depth or polish.  Had high hopes after watching a few 'lets play' videos.  Sorely Disappointed."
76561198037871074,Recommended,541210,32283760,Posted: 8 June,all,d3mol1t1on,"You're reading the reviews... you know you already want to buy it... just pull the trigger, and spend hours of your life in a digital under water experience."
,Recommended,541210,32395392,Posted: 13 June,all,flarg,all engagements occur at ww2 ranges fun but not a full ASW sim would recommend dangerous waters if you want to try something more autistic/realisticbit too expensive for what it is though
76561198015818383,Recommended,541210,32442148,Posted: 15 June,all,pyy,dangerous waters simplified
76561198110860187,Recommended,541210,32553886,Posted: 18 June,all,Danish,1 Captain and his submarine vs. The entire Russian Navy during World War 3
76561198112964277,Recommended,541210,32317995,Posted: 10 June,all,sone miyuki,"this game is for those who are intrested in cold war sub sim,if you are,try this,if not,this game may not be a proper choice.ah,im a big fan of cold war and im interested in cold war sims in every aspect,so this game is for me and i will give my recommend away"
76561198006625476,Recommended,541210,32332813,Posted: 10 June,all,rorybreaker,This is an amazing game that will only get better. Great job of balancing immersive fun game play with a taste of real world mechanics.
,Recommended,541210,32356894,Posted: 11 June,all,eheines14,"Fun mix of simulation and arcade. Limited as of now, but I can see awesome opportunities with mods and future development right now. Thoruoughly enjoy the genere and game. 8/10"
76561198022078261,Recommended,541210,32268550,Posted: 8 June,all,Rattakris_Mirage,"Underhand, unfair, and damned un-English!!!Jolly Roger DID ""rule the waves"""
76561198073042480,Recommended,541210,33483709,Posted: 12 July,all,[TROG] Matrix,"brought game to was unplayabe game, good but ,ships are invisabe you cannnot see them so you get kille,you not see any ships at all,  no matter how close they are around you even training you kill them then you see them pop up infront you other that there invisable, shame other then that it looked good,but i had to ask refund first time ,Gutted ( PC ,amd bulldoze 8 core 3.8,  1070gtx card, 3 ssd,s and 32gb ram running windows 10 , should of been no problem, all drivers upto date only game i got problem with shame!!"
76561198086114517,Recommended,541210,32421801,Posted: 14 June,all,bootney40,i would to like cold waters need more different it is that better it
76561198022639328,Recommended,541210,32358886,Posted: 11 June,all,Ravenhold IV,Gives me such a Dangerous Waters feel with more of an action feel at the same time. Dodging planes and torps and all the freaking Russian active sonar (which they historically loved in the Cold War). 10/10 would subsim again.
76561197973037073,Recommended,541210,33263773,Posted: 5 July,all,ARXON,"The best modern sub sim I have played since Silent Hunter 3. It is more Arcade like than others, but that makes it very fun. It is exciting to see how many Soviets you can take all at once."
,Recommended,541210,33254420,Posted: 4 July,all,PiratehammeR,7/10 No surface vessels
76561198007705005,Recommended,541210,33718789,Posted: 22 July,all,Lone_GamerUK,"Just simply awesome, get to know controls and go hunting."
,Recommended,541210,32210779,Posted: 5 June,all,Darkwave,Easy to learn but very difficult. A highly enjoyable game and also the first modern subsim in quite some time.
,Recommended,541210,33584250,Posted: 16 July,all,Tannheuser,10/10 would get blown up by own torpedo again
76561198032816278,Not Recommended,541210,34186014,Posted: 12 August,all,nitneylyn,"The game is now fully released for months now and it still has bugs in the campaign where you are gauranteed to fail due to bugged parameters and not seeing the results of your actions. You end up with a screen that gives no results at the end of your mission. This is an example herehttp://i.imgur.com/WEjY3my.png.If a game is based entirely on single player, it should at the very least not force you to lose because of bad programming before you can justify charging people money for it."
76561198094055441,Recommended,541210,33542752,Posted: 14 July,all,The Potato,"Best submarine game I've played. Start might be challenging but the more you play, the better it gets."
76561198116665123,Recommended,541210,32345609,Posted: 11 June,all,Solomani,"Enjoyable.............Would like to see other classes of ships..............maybe a DLC/update  variant that includes WW2 vessels using same engine...........maybe a DLC/upate using an Ohio Class or other ballistic missile boat attempting to dodge Hunter-Killer variants.....Has potential and according to scuttlebutt, is very moddable............"
,Recommended,541210,32353085,Posted: 11 June,all,HeinzHarald,"Having a really good time. Fairly simmy but not at the expense of playability, which is just what I want."
76561198118177523,Recommended,541210,32756815,Posted: 24 June,all,EvilEvoX,"i normally do write reviews but when i do its on something i really like and i really like this game. Trust me folks when i tell you this. At the end of the day i want to relax,playing this with a nice cold beer by my side does the trick. You wont regret it. youll also get BASIC knowledge of a submarine aswell.now there are some SMALL things that need to be fixed but HEY we arnt all perfect, but if they get fixed i can see this game/sim going places yes there are other SUB sims out there but this is my favorite.What i want to see:Soviet,north korea,chinese,japanese campaignFish"
76561198006556996,Recommended,541210,33553314,Posted: 15 July,all,ChaosphereIX,One of the best naval games in the last 10 years.
76561198040414945,Recommended,541210,33011258,Posted: 29 June,all,÷Simo÷,"This game is hands down the best Submarine game since Silent hunter 3.  It is easy to pick up and get started, looks good, and is challenging enough to keep you coming back for more. Don't expect heart pounding, non stop action from this title. It seems to stay true to life by rewarding the careful, patient and thought out approach. Especially when scrapping with ASW vessels and aircraft. In which careless and reckless action will end your career rather quickly. The controls are easy enough to pick up, and within an hour or so you can easily control the ship and its systems. The AI can be pretty harsh and relentless,  or in some instances pretty stupid. ( Like nose diving into the bottom when a torpedo comes out of knowhere) If you do the tutorial, as well a little light reading on subs and tactics, you should be fine. The only downside I can think of with this game is the lack of a Soviet campaign, which does kind of suck, but I remember reading or hearing they may add one later. To sum up, If you like submarine or naval combat, buy this. I'm sure you won't regret it."
,Recommended,541210,34724385,Posted: 3 September,all,nelorain,10/10 would sink whales again.
,Recommended,541210,34298008,Posted: 16 August,all,Yehnli,"The learning curve is fairly steep, but once you understand the game mechanics, it's fairly easy to cheese the game even on upper difficulty levels.But it's still a lot of fun and really builds tension at times."
76561198031764820,Recommended,541210,33817195,Posted: 26 July,all,Rational Hatred,"It's a good game and fun, but needs some polish to address AI, campaign problems, and strange mission/scenario issues.Pros:-Good control scheme considering the requirements of maneuvering a submarine.-Very satisfying when an attack goes off successfully.-The interface provides most of the data you need and can be easily set to not allow for ""cheating"" by seeing undetected targets in your third-person cameras.-Seems a very faithful rendition of the weapons and detection systems involved in undersea warfare. Thermal layers, detection radii, towed arrays and wire guidance factor in and feel well-implemented.-Weapon evasion can get the blood pumping.Cons:-AI is still poorly tuned and suffering occasional serious problems. Subs dive past their implosion depth under attack rather than evading up and down in the shallow/deep cycle. Many of them turn into incoming torpedoes and don't use noisemakers. In shallow waters I often see them drive straight into the ground and never attempt to reverse off the mud. Torpedo evasion by AI subs is very poor in general, whereas surface ships seem to do a marginally better job overall at mission functions.-The campaign has some major bugs, mainly around mission scheduling and allotted time intervals. For example, I got the Murmansk TLAM strike mission and immediately upon completion also received a SEAL insertion mission for the same port. Because my sub was still in proximity to Murmansk it immediately entered me into the second scenario without first giving me time to return to Holy Loch and board the SEALs, thereby forcing a mission failure. The campaign should also should be firing resupply tasks at a higher threshold so I'm less likely to blunder into a major mission with no weapons to use on the enemy.-Sometimes the generated ambient noise is high enough that it renders Russian subs totally incapable of doing anything. In one SSBN scenario there was simply no method for me to make them hear my sub, even driving within 1000 yards at 20kt. Eventually I drove straight into the side of a Typhoon just to see what the ramming mechanics were like; only after the impact made some noise did they engage me at point blank range... which ultimately just led to the Typhoon dying to its own torpedoes. Meanwhile the Russian aircraft overhead seemed to be able to track me perfectly, even at ultra quiet beneath a layer, in 104db ambient noise. Strange.Killerfish is a small studio, I'm sure this stuff will take time to work out. I do still highly recommend the game, it's great entertainment and suitably challenging if you want it to be - just expect to overlook the occasional frustration as you go about butchering Russian sailors. The studio appears to be very engaged with the community and talks regularly with current and former USN submariners (Jive Turkey in particular is a former sonar operator on 688 submarines, I highly recommend his stream) and technical professionals to ensure the simulation is as realistic as possible."
76561198023050072,Recommended,541210,34051557,Posted: 5 August,all,evilmonk101,Awesome game. Great looking game with a good stealth element. the most intense moments are when you are playing cat and mouse with a destroyer that has your sent!
76561197971939647,Recommended,541210,33854171,Posted: 28 July,all,Steve-Z,An excellent cross between Tom Clancy SSN and Janes 688i/Sub Command  - three great games and this new addition is definitely worth playing..
76561198055488615,Recommended,541210,33892000,Posted: 29 July,all,kkilictepe,I really liked it.I have already spent 20 hours and still counting.Watch some tutorials on youtube if you have never played a submarine simulater before.Replay opton for missions would be great. Sometimes I got hit by a sub that I `vent got detected yet. It would be much more fun if I was able to watch who fired it and what was my mistake.
76561198186785343,Recommended,541210,34222125,Posted: 13 August,all,baz1968,"all is fine except the seal missions the game freezes when I stop at the mission area. apart from that I like it a lot, it take's me back to Red Storm Rising. great days with the Omega and early simulators."
76561198314352228,Recommended,541210,34243215,Posted: 14 August,all,Menofwar,"Very good game, its a as good as the other killerfish games. Very nice graphics and detailed units and very good Campain"
76561197970410359,Recommended,541210,34360407,Posted: 19 August,all,NervousFrog,"What's there at the moment is very enjoyable and polished.Lot's of possibility for expansion and development in the future which if done to the current standard of the game will make this game excellent value for money.Took me 24 hours game play to get the hang of the basics and play through the 1984 campaign, I suspect there is a much steeper learning curve for the 1968 campaign that is possibly more aimed at hardcore naval simmers.How often I come back to it will depend on if they add new content."
76561198132625295,Recommended,541210,34378001,Posted: 20 August,all,Cwhit01,"Love this game. Patience is key, if you get overeager you'll just get torp'd."
76561198062882443,Recommended,541210,32551499,Posted: 18 June,all,Silent Jäger,"Bloop Bloop ... Bloop BloopBOOM!Bloop Bloop-- Pros --- The sonar model and sensor system is intuitive but not overally simplistic.- Interesting setting for a subsim. It's interesting seeing your actions at sea affect the overall war.- The few mods that exist add just enough variety.- It can be challenging.-- Cons --- Graphics do look a little dated.- The campgain tasks can make you rush around the place(though this is fixed by a mod).- It can feel a little repeative sometimes.- Controls are definitely on the finicky side.Overall, I strongly recommend this game.Best blooping simulator this year. Definitely BOTY material!!  - IGNEdits: failed attempts at humour and minor grammar fixes."
76561198028746753,Recommended,541210,33596483,Posted: 16 July,all,happyapilot,"If you familiar with books like red storm rising with tom clancy or other submarine warfare books.. well then this might just be something for you.  Bring along some patience as it's not a fast shooter and things don't go as fast unless you hear torpedo in the water.. then your first reaction might be holy @$%%, how.. and you try to do everything to survive... the sea scenery isn't something you see like in Grand theft Auto, yet the game does give you the idea you re-create the action scene's of the movie red storm rising. make a knuckle in the water, drop a noise-maker, shoot torpedo and either cut the wire or it's cut without you wanting to do that.. like a over the shoulder shoot where the wire breaks and your own torpedo says hello to you and sinks you with all hands.. (back to the drawing board).All in all interesting game and love to see the ability to play as the soviets.."
76561198222033152,Recommended,541210,33685686,Posted: 20 July,all,Under9000,"Very promising game so far, would like to see some updates regarding NATO surface vessels down the road as the developers have mentioned. The devs seem to be nice and responsive to the community which is a breath of fresh air, or considering the subject matter, recycled air? Great game, worth a buy for those fans of The Hunt for Red October (The book, not lousy movie), or Red Storm Rising."
,Recommended,541210,33931090,Posted: 31 July,all,dwarffort,noice
76561198154968321,Recommended,541210,34089433,Posted: 7 August,all,kylejmoss,I'm an avid fan of submarine simulators so after reading some reviews on here from other SUBSiMs i was skepticalHowever.......This game is FAB. True its not an in depth simulator but its not far off.only 6 hours or so in in but i'm having a ball
,Recommended,541210,34183982,Posted: 11 August,all,Mcp⇝831,"Best game ever, you do have to keep in mind the surroundings and conditions of your vessel to survive tho. Had a lot of fun playing it."
76561198031021982,Recommended,541210,34349504,Posted: 19 August,all,DEATH BY CHOPSTICK,"Initially the game was fun, but playing the same submarines got boring. Then I found out about the playable subs mod and all my worries were gone. For ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles I brought a1984-era Oscar-II class SSGNinto the 1968 US navy campaign and was a terror on the seas, ripping apart soviet surface convoys and slaughtering soviet submarine wolfpacks without a second thought in a what was once the pride of their fleets. I managed to end that campaign in 14 in game days and bagged about 200,000 tons of shipping.I thought that was way too easy and went into the 1984 Campaign with the same Type of submarine. It was the challenge I craved, the convoys had more advanced ships and the submarines I went up against were a lot scarier. I did relatively well until I went up against a massive invasion force off the coast of Oslo, Norway. The surface fleet had a Kiev and a Kirov in the mix, I managed to kill half the fleet before they took me down. 10/10 would last stand again.In all seriousness, the game is a lot of fun and it gets addicting trying to add more tonnage to your list. Plus the game already has mods ready for it. My only gripe is that the Campaigns are too short and that you only get US submarines as your default Subs. What I would like to see in the future is that they add US surface ships and maybe a Pacific campaign.The game gets from me a 9.7/10"
76561198082529663,Recommended,541210,34413787,Posted: 22 August,all,FERdeBOER,"This is indeed the spiritual sucessor of Red Storm Rising!If you haven't played RSR then I can describe this as a softcore submarine simulator. And this is is the softcore submarine simulator you are looking for.Maybe is a bit pricey, considering that sometimes the games seems not finished yet, like with the last (great) UI update.The developers are very communicative and the develop of the game seems very fast!Also (and this is my opinion, maybe there's something about this in the forums but I haven't read them) the menu seems like there are going to be more campaigns, which is exciting. :)In short: If you liked RSR, buy this.If you like modern submarine simulators like Dangerous Waters but want something more casual, buy this.8/10."
76561198009470929,Recommended,541210,34388347,Posted: 20 August,all,Bovi,"I am an old computer gamer.  I'm old enough to remember the Microprose sub sim called ""Red Storm Rising"", based upon the Tom Clancy book of the same game.  I loved that game, and although I've only played Cold Waters for a mere 9 hours, I think that it will become a close second to my favorite game, Skyrim (which I've player for over 1000 hours).This is an incomplete game, at the present time.  I don't mean to attack Cold Waters, in any way.  I've enjoyed every hour that I've played, so far.  Indeed, I stopped playing the single mission scenarios quickly, in favor of a 1960's campaign,  But the pace of the game is much too fast.  Submarine warfare, in the modern era, is a slow-paced process of hiding, staying silent, building up a firing solution on the enemy, firing wire-guided torpedoes which can take a long time to get into position, torps going active, and hammering a Soviet sub.  This should not take 5-10 minutes, and it does is Cold Waters.  This harms the realism of the game.  In fact, I've built up 95% firing solutions in a minute, without a single transient from the enemy.  Not realistic.In one action against two Soviet destroyers, it was a simple matter of reloading four tubes with Harpoons, going above the layer to get an accurate solution, firing the things, and dropping back below the thermal.  They fired their equivalent of ASROC at me, and shot down one of the Harpoons, but the whole action was over in 4-5 minutes.  Once again, realism suffered, and even their torpedoes were easy to evade.But this game is in its infancy of devolopment, and will get better, as time goes by and the DEVs receive feedback from us, their customers.  And we all have one big advantage.  There is a dedicated ""fleet"" of mod developers atSubsim.comwho have already started making modifications for the game.  By the time they're done with this game, a player will swear that he had just been in combat, as he wipes the sweat from his brow.With the game ""Red Storm Rising"", there was another anomaly.  I brought this game to a sheltered workshop for some of the clients to try out.  Once, the manager of the workshop called me and said, ""You've got to come see this one kid play.""  When I came over, the ""kid"" ... a young man with an IQ of 68 ... had won a number of campaign missions, and that was hard to believe.  So I watched him play a mission against a Soviet surface task force.  He ran his boat up to flank speed, surfaced, turned on all his active sensors, launched missiles and torpedoes like crazy ... and of coure, the enemy was launching at him ... and then dived, still at flank speed.  Very unrealistic, and he won the action!One thing you CANNOT do with Cold Waters.  If you surface your boat and try what this kid did, you will be headed for the bottom in short order ...I recommend Cold Waters."
76561197972634582,Recommended,541210,32360214,Posted: 12 June,all,Harlequin,"Awesome game if you like semi realistic sims, with nice systems.I especialy like the accurate way these guys model every vessel and weapon system in their games.From trying to find that ellusive enemy sub without getting yourself torped to launching Tomahawk stikes against land targets it's a realy fun and tense game!"
76561198037565250,Recommended,541210,33845254,Posted: 27 July,all,DarkLord51,been looking for a newer sub game and here it is.  It is still a work in progress but its enjoyable.
76561197997097995,Recommended,541210,33849970,Posted: 28 July,all,Beeano,If you played Tom Clancey's Red Storm Rising or just love submarines.   This game is really good.
76561198003381569,Recommended,541210,32210037,Posted: 5 June,all,valefor_sdad,"EDITED :Since breaking down and thorougly watching the tutorial and hitting Shift F1 to see the key commands.I have revise my review and now say that it is GREAT, and equal to in terms of fun my Silent Hunter 4 game. (which I still play).YOU have GOT to do the tutorials and hit Shift F1 to see the Key commands.This is now for me, as fun as Atlantic Fleet.Kind Regards to all"
,Recommended,541210,34070612,Posted: 6 August,all,ucwheels,"This game is fun, and can be very challenging at times.  Hoping to see some DLC with newer subs or even the option to use soviet subs, or even to let us use ships!!!"
,Recommended,541210,33051830,Posted: 30 June,all,Greylord_GR,"Recent changes are towards making the game great!Devs show great support to the community!How about doing something about those OP ASW airplanes? SAMs launched at PD?AWFUL OCEAN BOTTOM, feels like a completely squared, even, flat surface.Would love to see more 3D models added as the mods are increasing."
76561198319122632,Recommended,541210,35179099,Posted: 24 September,all,Frederic.lehmann,"The game is exactly what you would expect from a sub simulator: sneaking underneath large surface group and takin them out 1 by 1 and thrilling cat and mouse play with enemy submerged units. There are still some bugs around, for example:Seal tem insertions. everytime i reach the Mission area i soawn in see my sub before Narvik, but the water doesnt move, I can't do anything and I still hear the tactical map music. There are few of these bugs, but the ones that exist are really game breaking."
76561198005544997,Recommended,541210,35282038,Posted: 28 September,all,Crazy,Great game
76561198134427407,Not Recommended,541210,32511268,Posted: 17 June,all,Ben Doverson,"Terribly unoptimized game, I thought it was an early access game with more features to come. For it's price, it's a complete waste of money. You get to play a handful of American subs, that are basically 1:1 to each other in every way, you get two campaigns, where you crappily drag your sub across the map, and all the campaign has, is 4 reccurring missions. Maybe mods down the road will save it, but seriously, get silent hunter or something rather than this. It's a $15 game, and I feel I'm being kind."
,Not Recommended,541210,33076811,Posted: 1 July,all,borgie pooh,it litterly lacks dept and the controls are arcadish. this is not the subsim you are looking for. i believe i would have appreciated it more if it was free or around 4.99. it is not worth 39.99.
76561198112981059,Recommended,541210,32236161,Posted: 7 June,all,choglit,"Im a massive fan of silent hunter 3 and most naval type games, so i gave this game ago and im liking this alot. Its abit pricey to be fair but its also something abit different, so if you like naval war games then give it a bash and it not that hard to get into."
,Recommended,541210,32555590,Posted: 18 June,all,ozzy goodwoman,Wonderful time killer game.
,Recommended,541210,32275773,Posted: 8 June,all,Perse spits mad fire,"Cold waters is a casual sub sim that's very easy to pick up. It does, however, have a number of flaws.Depth controls make no sense, they put you in charge of a sub in which you can't access any stations(TMA, view frequencies etc) but you still have to control ballast, rudder angle and dive angle? You should be setting a depth, not a route.Enemy air is very OP at the moment with no way to shoot down enemy air units(which is fair enough given the date).Very few playable subs, only US too and no reason to pick anything besides the LA as far as I can tell(thought the skipjack is fun).The amount you can increase time by a so small it's a joke, you just have to go browse or do something else to pass the time; there needs to be more options, faster ones.It's not that hard, dodging torps is very easy especially because you can see extremely far.Land attack missions are an absolute joke. They're the worst thing in this game by far. The only effective way to do them is to spend ages sailing out to the edge of the map to fire missiles, why the game doesn't drop you off at the edge I don't know, it wants you to be inside a Russian fleet well under the range your missiles are capable of. It makes no sense.For what you get, I can't say it's worth £30, wait until it goes on offer. Something like Dangerous Waters is much more worth your time.However, I have enjoyed the game despite its glaring flaws. I'm happy I bought it, but unless you're a hard core fan of sub games that doesn't want a great simulation, this is not worth the full price."
76561198006925820,Recommended,541210,32443011,Posted: 15 June,all,Jonny Cross,One of the best Sub Sims since silent Hunter.
76561197994045867,Recommended,541210,32237004,Posted: 7 June,all,akuryon,"BoB - SWotL - RSR - M1 - Gunship - F14/15/19 - AotD - AotP - AoEHaving a deja vu? I've got your attention? Because here's a game which has the *potential* to bring back the good old days where the gameplay and entertainment had priority over meticulous realism. Like several people before (who's reviews persuaded me to spend the money right now and not wait for a sale) I'd like to point out that here's a game which puts you in the place of the commander of a sub and have you concentrate on the important decisions instead of spending hours doing the part of a specialist. While at the same time offering immersive optics. A worthy successor to Red Storm Rising and a must for all Sim*Game*Fans.Nevertheless at this early point (2 days after release) I cannot recommend the game to anyone but absolute fanboys. Remembering how I ""danced with torpedoes"" in the old RSR I find it frustration how even on easy level I - with all my experience from the old games - have a hard time to survive. While at the same time my own torps cut wire prematurely like 8 times out of 10. Again ... this is on easy, learning/training the mechanics, right??? How discouraging this must feel for any absolute rook in the genre.And there are still serious flaws in the game design.Like:- Missing vessel reference in battle, their capabilities and threats.- Only a tiny display for the vital data, which often enough in the heat of the battle will make you surface or hit the bottom and no warning whatsoever to have you avoid such deadly mistakes.- Once you hit the ground the time acceleration is disabled, so you may wait for hours in realtime for damaged compartments to being pumped empty. Unless you hit the emergency blow which often enough is suicide.- The boat is in dire need of repair but you still receive the next mission with a set time period to solve. (Unless I missed something - but the campaign was not really explained in the tutorial, right? ;) )But when I look at Atlantic Fleet Killerfish has my full confidence that in time the game will be a marvel worth every penny so there it is:  THUMBS UP!EDIT after first updatePlayed a quick campain with LA class on easy and my trust in the devs was well founded. A major step ahead with many fixes and I enjoyed playing the whole campaign with only a few serious points of critique left.- Game needs compass and depth slider where you can *order* course and depth changes and the AI does the rest.- Mark 48s still break cable too often on such a low level.- vessel reference is in main menu only, not accessable from inside the game.So I remove the fanboy part from my recommendation:You like modern submarines from the cold war era?You like a fluent gameplay where *game* is as least as important as *simulation*?Then Cold Waters is a good choice!2nd EditFinished a campain on normal just to find the next update has been released. Now with vessel reference in game including weapon specs. I am having FUN!2nd update after 2 weeks and the game is coming along just fine. I salute the devs for their work and dedication!"
76561198117903372,Recommended,541210,34867757,Posted: 10 September,all,YEX00,Great balance between arcade and realism.10/10 would be sunk by helicopter pilots who all have a sixth sense and sink you in 30 seconds flat with stolen sonar technology from the year 2653.
,Recommended,541210,32579252,Posted: 19 June,all,Mandalore,Wish it had multiplayer!
76561198015760731,Recommended,541210,34940664,Posted: 13 September,all,makoto-chan_21,its a great game fun to play even if are not a Jive Turkey
76561197964180546,Recommended,541210,32352986,Posted: 11 June,all,Don Titor,"Great game, love the in mission music.High stakes leathal combat.Campaign is good, 1968 and 1984 so different subs and weapons.Devs quicky addressing bugs. Adding things like crew voices and helm control, so you dont have to fly the sub.Modding is super easy(Murky water, duit)."
,Recommended,541210,32975852,Posted: 28 June,all,Jetkar,Good game but challanging
,Recommended,541210,32351541,Posted: 11 June,all,[CPC] Ivan Joukov,Excellent.
,Recommended,541210,32419598,Posted: 14 June,all,Joeker579,Its fun once you get the hang of it.
76561197992279455,Recommended,541210,32475865,Posted: 16 June,all,Christianxxxxxxxx,Need Chinese version plz
,Recommended,541210,33816342,Posted: 26 July,all,McCarthy,like the game wish there was PvP
76561198071468161,Recommended,541210,33817330,Posted: 26 July,all,jsarrio16,will they be a dlc that will let you play the russian subs an will they add more american subs >>?<
76561197994701503,Recommended,541210,33728825,Posted: 22 July,all,Boomer,"Fun game, no its not a highly detailed simulation but thats fine with me. Who has time to spend days just learning how to operate a sonar, not me. To the complainers, dont buy Hasbros Risk and complain its not Grigsbies World At War.  Detailed enough to be easy to learn while being fun to play. Happy with my purchase."
76561198054377865,Recommended,541210,33769119,Posted: 24 July,all,kjb7204274000,"This game sort of came out of nowhere for me.  I haven't played a submarine simulator in more than 10 years, so they are not my bread and butter tbh.  I picked it up after watching Jingles on YouTube and haven't regretted my decision one bit.  This is a very fun and engaging way to spend some time, as long as you don't need something that is 100% realistic.Now, this game has some flaws.  The AI, even as of release 1.06b (what I am playing as of 7.24.2017) is prone to doing dumb, dumb things.  As an example, I have seen fast Soviet submarines torpedo themselves on several occasions while shooting at me.  I thought this was a fluke when I saw an Alfa get hit by not one, not two, but THREE Soviet torpedo's on the 'Stalking the Red Bear' mission.  Needless to say, there are some kinks to be worked out.  I have also seen Soviet boats implode from going below crush depth when running from torp's, but the latest patch claims to have resolved that.  We shall see...That being said, the mark of any good game for me is weather or not it is fun, and Cold Waters is a solid 'yes' from that perspective."
76561198274936496,Recommended,541210,33827329,Posted: 27 July,all,flemmingh81,"An absolutely amazing game. Definitly recommendable.You will have your nerves testet, when a torp is pinging you.Not just something you sit down and do, unless you have tried it before or have knowledge from real world navy. Requires you to actually get involved, and getting knowledge of your boat.A few things I hope to see happen:Longer campaign, it can seem a bit short.Roles changed (Russian captain of a Alfa/Victor III/Akula class, hunting down NATO units)An ekstra era, the present, with Seawolf class (US), Virginia class (US), Akula class (RS), Astute class (UK)"
76561198369670747,Recommended,541210,34879017,Posted: 11 September,all,Tactical_Bacon,"I love this game, it is one of the best sub sims I have played and with modding allowed you can add heaps more to the game. The only con is its price but some of the mods you can download for free make the game worth its full price."
76561197960349464,Recommended,541210,32480763,Posted: 16 June,all,Huntman,It's a very good and fun subsim game !Felicitations to this independant dev studio !Felicitations for their active support !I'm pretty sure devs and the community will give this game a bright future !Worth the price !Thank you
,Not Recommended,541210,35237679,Posted: 27 September,all,jamiemasters_966,IMPOSSIBLE TO PLAY in 1360x768 Resolution as the new helm sensor etc control windows COVERS YOUR WEAPON SYSTEMS.... Anyone know how to fix this as i have looked over and over and over through the menu amd there is no way i can see to fix the issue!!!
76561198392424238,Recommended,541210,35207972,Posted: 25 September,all,ben.coy1988,"All well and good, but submarines can detect MPRA whether it be helicopters or planes. make this more realistic to stop to dropping torpedos right on you!!!!!!! ANNOYING AS ♥♥♥♥!!!!  Plus if they stick sonar bouys in the sea, true submarines will pick up their position.....make this life like, other than that your game is good!"
76561197963051649,Not Recommended,541210,35478456,Posted: 4 October,all,Smellgreger,If you have played 688i or Dangeous Waters before - dont expect the same experience. Too many bugs as well.
76561198047657103,Not Recommended,541210,33629688,Posted: 18 July,all,Nickosaurus,"Completely unimpressed, this is not a £30 game, should have waited until it was in a sale for about £10 then I would not feel so disappointed. Tutorials teach you very little and then you go straight to war, sail around empty seas for ages until out of the blue 3 torpedoes are blasted & destroy you. Every time. Really wish I could get my money back on this one but it's too late :("
76561198007507617,Not Recommended,541210,33803895,Posted: 26 July,all,cjw,"I bought Cold Waters for €36 which is what you pay for an AA gameI expected the game to be of this quality, but Cold Waters is below that standard and should be priced accordingly for approx €16The game itself is very static (the only thing that moves are the waves and the torpedos) with mediogre graphics (highest settings) and controls (point and click)Definetely not worth buying it!"
76561198052482849,Recommended,541210,32462568,Posted: 15 June,all,Marraach,This is the best sub game since Jane 688(i) Hunter Killer. 100% recommended
76561197993108669,Recommended,541210,32481051,Posted: 16 June,all,Retsam,This is the sub game that has been missing!
,Recommended,541210,34518721,Posted: 26 August,all,Safiuddin97,How to spam Harpoons and TASM
76561198015567041,Recommended,541210,32417825,Posted: 14 June,all,giorgosp67,"I have not played it for a long time, the 4 hours I put into it till now are pretty fun. That being said I would like to let future buyes that this is not a sub game of the level of Dangerous Waters. Graphics are great, gameplay need to get used to if you come from DW. Bottom line is that we all expect future development from the tech team and lots of mods."
,Recommended,541210,32203783,Posted: 5 June,all,=7Cav=SFC.Sparks.N,Bought the game and had 1 hour to play before bed. Lets say this is a step back into silent hunter 3 and 2 but with Missles.  I looks like there will be plenty more content in the future.  It has everything there for a good sim.  Still playing but it looks good so far.
,Not Recommended,541210,34717737,Posted: 3 September,all,OperationCastleBravo,"Cold Waters can be summerised thusly:Mission 1Got sunk becaue i have no idea how to use the subMission 5i am sinking♥♥♥♥♥♥left and right because i learned the basic game mechanicsMission 15I am starting to learn the more advanced tactics however i am starting to get boredMission 20:I have done the same missions over and over again, i know know how to kill all the enemies and the repetition has gotten to meMission 21+the basic game does not offer more fun since it has gotten repetetive. I now have to search for mods and figure out challanges to squeeze any more fun out of this gameThis has the potential to be a good game if they introduce multiplayer and add more missions. In its current state the game has too little content for me to be able to recomend it. However i have hopes for it because i do like war simulators and this one was fun while it lasted."
76561198176832419,Not Recommended,541210,32350915,Posted: 11 June,all,ICE-ickle,"at the moment this game is unfair as the enemy sniff you out at obscene range before you have a chance ,and then blow you to kingdom come.if you do get a chance to fire back,torpedo tubes jam uncannily often ,with the weapon still in them ?????....so far quite dissapointed but if they release a patch to fix the bugs then,we will see."
76561198107069603,Not Recommended,541210,32313622,Posted: 10 June,all,Saratoga,"Is it a good game, yes, is it easy to play no. Every key on your keyboard has its own function but the issue is the game dosn't tell you how to play, the tutorial is a sandbox to figure it out. Also you steer the torpedos for some reason. The game is really pretty and the graphics are nice but this game is just to hard to play effectivly. You need to be great at multitasking to really play this. If you don't keep a eye on your target, your depth or aircraft all at the same time, you die. If you like really complicated games this is for you but be warned, you will need around 2 hours to get comfortable with the controls and thats not even being good thats just figuring things out. As for new time players, get Silent Hunters, this game is way to coplex for casual gamers, this is a hardcore simulation and is not for the casual gaming. Around the clock have to be paying attention like in a real sub or the enemy might hit you with some kinetic feedback."
76561198325721093,Not Recommended,541210,33655788,Posted: 19 July,all,p575475479,"Getting into this game, but a bug has appeared.  Deleted and then reinstalled, can't recommend with this bug.  The issue is the game map: player's sub becomes invisible.  I don't know where the sub is and can't continue.  Will write further review if this bug is fixed but until then - it's unplayable past a certain point."
,Recommended,541210,32612326,Posted: 21 June,all,JG54|NF2*[CN],Need Chinese.....
76561198050897171,Not Recommended,541210,33705404,Posted: 21 July,all,RSV,Definatly not worth £30. Plays like a ipadgame of atlantic warfare.
76561198033620209,Not Recommended,541210,35400245,Posted: 1 October,all,MerlinKnight,No Radar Screen. Controls are poor. Screen jerks at times when turning.
,Not Recommended,541210,32355583,Posted: 11 June,all,Monarchco,"Campaign is impossible.You are at 1000 ft at all stop, under silent running, and you have 3 decoys at few yards behind you? The enemy torpedos see those decoys, but they don't care. They're going to hit you anyways. And the second you're hit, you're done for. No. Decoys don't work. The only thing that works  are the torpedo decoys(a lot like a modern nixie). It functions exactly like dropped decoys mechanically. Except that it actually works. Oh, and it uses up your torpedo ammo slots :) Have fun.Relatively small aircraft? Good luck trying to take it out with cruise missiles. Oh, and have fun while it repeatedly drops torpedos down your throat when historically it's payload was 1 or 2 of them.Be careful about the helicopters too. They drop dozens of depth charges, which happen to be each larger than the helicopter is.What a horribly unbalanced game.And don't forget about how enemy surface ships are running active sonar 24/7, and can immediately see you 20 nautical miles away while silent running at 1/3rd. But hey, your active sonar can't even see an enemy sub that's ♥♥♥♥ing in line of sight less than 2 nautical miles away.Like for real. I pick up a surface contact on active sonar. he's running away some 30 miles away so I fire some torps hoping he'll turn around otherwise it'll take forever to catch him. I'm still running active sonar, but at 1/3rd silent running to increase my chances as high as possible of getting good resolution on his location. Next thing I know, this submarine pops up onto the screen that was just hit by one of my torpedoes I just launched. The damn thing was less than 2 miles away. I can see it very visibly in 3rd person from my sub. Never showed up on active sonar.Campaign is virtually impossible with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥I just mentioned, except you get several(sometimes 4+) enemy ships, and aircraft against you, making it even worse.All of these observations are with the game on easiest difficulty. How the hell does an enemy surface ship detect your sub 1000 ft down at 20 miles away while your sub is under silent running 1/3rd, but ♥♥♥♥ing active sonar can't detect an enemy sub that's right in front of your face?"
76561198006723728,Not Recommended,541210,32359081,Posted: 11 June,all,Minsk and Boo,"I am truly sorry but this is in Early Access... early Early Access. Either that or it's not worth the price. At present I must warn others about what they are buying for a non-trivial amount of money.The sensor locations that suddenly jump to half and double the true range? Bayes. Kalman. Space-time continuity. Common sense. Wot? I had a ship marked destroyed in a location nowhere near the known location of the torpedo. Okay, that's the immersion breaking nonsense. Then we have the godawful balance / mechanics. Whoever thought a plane going 300kph could drop a bouy to within 1m accuracy... repeatedly - and no problems with the magical range-finding doubler for him! Granted the Tu-95 Bear was a great ASW plane, but it wasn't both infallible and clairvoyant.This is so annoyingly nonsensical I simply can't play it any more. Which is sad because I think it could be a good game. I have no problem with sim-lites (eg. the excellent Atlantic Fleet), but this game commits the cardinal sin of stripping player agency and hence is unfun. This game is either a three legged, one eyed dog of a game or due to be improved. Soon (TM)."
76561198394195888,Not Recommended,541210,32443135,Posted: 15 June,all,rpastena7,The only problem with this game is the opposition intelligence. No matter what is done they know exactly where i am located. Right when the senario loads the plane or  helicopter know my location or  launch special torpedoes that have super homing abilities that find my location with no way to stop it. Non of the countermeasures work its like they dont exsist. Definetly not worth the money Im at the point i dont want to try and play.
76561197971010410,Not Recommended,541210,32578333,Posted: 19 June,all,markthorpe,"There are much, much better sub sims out there. Silent Hunter series has much better graphics, gameplay. The graphics on this are just awful for a game at this price. I would not have been so disappointed if it was £5., Buggy and too expensive. Not a patch on sub simulators nearly 30 years old.Needs a lot of work."
76561198002331624,Not Recommended,541210,32629379,Posted: 21 June,all,.:|GO|:. eLriAn,"Cold waters could be great, but its so bugged and with poor interface, that it`s frustrating to play. I found out too late that it`s  probably a port from mobile platform. And things started to make sense since...First, I love the idea, I was missing  sub sim from cold war era. And with game on steam for 37euros, it can`t be a total crap. Boy was I wrong.What struck me after running the game was graphics. Game looks WORSE than silent hunter 3 and that game is from 2005! But, sims are not about graphics so, nvm, I`ll give it a spin. Tutorials are easy to grasp and pretty much straight forward. But the main thing I was missing was view from INSIDE of the sub with crucial shortcuts to sonar, nav, engineering, etc. So in the end I spent most of my time watching the map and pretty much playing a 2D arcade. Then there is the external view. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ resolution, no complexity of environment and the feeling of cheating when using the view to avoid enemy torps or guide your own is what bugs me. What is this? Now I get it, mobile platform port.Now to the interface. Good enough for android but high-end PC is laughing. ESC key isnt beund with the ""back"" on screen menu, At first interesting later incredibly annoying newsflashes with ni option for skipping when in strategic map.Moving your sub around strategic map is a disaster. Forget waypoints, forget zoom. Frustration at it`s best: moving my sub by dragging...my 30+kn sub gets outrun by a late WWll era diesel sub...getting orders which cant be fullfilled because I`m on one side of the map and there simply isn`t enoug time to drag my sub across the map.Should this be a 5euro android game, I`d take it. Now it feels like a buggy alpha version of what could be a great game.I want my money (and time) back."
76561198047198436,Not Recommended,541210,32635913,Posted: 21 June,all,LFVOmega,"Super damn annoying. Completing a mission to launch TLAMs at an enemy port and after sinking all enemy combat vessel, I thought it was a good idea to go to 50 ft and raise the RADAR mast to see if they sent any Helicopters to come sink me. After staying up for a good minute the coast looked clear, but those damn commies built low observable aircraft in the form of a Ka-27 and drops two torpedos right on top of me. When I said ""ok I'll try the mission again"" the game desided to delete my save and made me start over. Dangerous Waters is a game that does the same thing, with more depth in terms of ship control and with far less BS."
76561198002949034,Recommended,541210,32220016,Posted: 6 June,all,richard_stuart1,overpriced could be good when a few problems sorted
76561198087204933,Not Recommended,541210,32724618,Posted: 24 June,all,Hawksman49,Graphics - GoodAI - GoodControls - Very BadGameplay - GoodUnfortunetly this game is very confusing & complicated with controls so i can't recommend it.Other than that it is a decent game. 6/10
76561198024848838,Recommended,541210,32400018,Posted: 13 June,all,Lordhoth444,"great game,"
,Recommended,541210,32222181,Posted: 6 June,all,Baloogan,Damn good!
,Not Recommended,541210,32345970,Posted: 11 June,all,Kirby,"hmm..could have been a great new Dangerous Waters game...but now..its...dunno...lame. might change my review, once there are better UI with clickable buttons instead of fricking keyboard shortcuts which kills immersion instantly.."
,Not Recommended,541210,34285823,Posted: 16 August,all,| SRJ | Slobodan Milosevic,It is very difficult to learn the controls of the game. Also lacks a custom battle option that was available in atlantic fleet and pacific fleet
76561197971407446,Not Recommended,541210,33718276,Posted: 22 July,all,Kola,Game sucks save you money.  Tutorials don't work very well with very little instruction.  Most unimpressed for 39.95.
,Recommended,541210,32231947,Posted: 6 June,all,40s & Blunts,"Man oh man. I mean, if you want to play what feels like a Silent Hunter mod but pay 40 bucks for it, that's pretty cool and you should get this game. I know games cost a lot to make, but it feels exactly like a Silent Hunter mod. If you have played Silent Hunter IV, you will recognize everything in this game, except now it's all been adapted to also work as a mobile interface. Which isn't necessarily a criticism. But it costs what it costs. I don't know.I'm still going to click the thumbs up, because it doesn't seem like a bad game. But I got a refund."
76561198086801545,Not Recommended,541210,33824907,Posted: 26 July,all,smittytime51,Was interesting at first but this game needs alot of work before it will be a playable game.
76561198033695995,Not Recommended,541210,33718098,Posted: 22 July,all,jkingsleyjones,"I found this game to be impossible to win even when set to easy mode. If you get too close to completing a mission then numerous torpedoes appear from no where and kill you......even if you use decoys and run in silent mode. Also, the function for steering the wire guided torpedoes does not work.I personally would not recommend this game and is not as enjoyable as Atlantic Fleet."
76561198045802039,Not Recommended,541210,32630876,Posted: 21 June,all,cidaalluck,"the game has a requirment that your sensors recieve a percentage of a signal before you can accually see the ships and subs. I spend most of my time blowing up ships that are invisible even though they are right in front of the sub? ""WHAT"" the fire and the explosion is there but the vessle is not so the only thing blowing up is air. so all actions are going off of the instraments and you never see the torpedoes hit anything. ""WOW""  so if you like blowing up air, you will love this game."
,Recommended,541210,32207262,Posted: 5 June,all,Corpodrone,Enjoying the game!
76561197969402246,Not Recommended,541210,33430010,Posted: 10 July,all,Lethargo,"If this is a simulation, so is Mario Kart.The game isn't bad - but it is horribly arcade, from physics over weapon sensors to AI behavior.If you're looking for a submarine captain simulation, this isn't it. Check out Fast Attack instead.If you're looking for a quick-action gung-ho-yolo game - yep, that's it. Enjoy.Another problem of it is the incredibly toxic community.As soon as you do not share their point of view, you will simply be dismissed as a ""troll"", how convenient.If you are so blunt and do not cease to criticize the game, you are being banned from the forums,so think twice if you want to support something like this.Closing, it isn't worth the money.The replayability is a joke.The game baits with a ""dynamic campaign"" promising that no battle will be like the other,and while that is true... it also is not.In the end, it is incredibly(!) repetitive, boring and not challenging at all.You can play through a campaign in a few hours while conducting the same missions over and over.It gets boring during the first campaign already, and if you played through one, you have seen everything the game has to offer.Proof:http://i.imgur.com/d4sqn3c.jpg(Played on ""Realistic"", lol)Edit: Playtime is low as I have to play it offline, otherwise it won't start at all, or crash later. Reason is unknown. Actual play-time is probably ~10hrs. Not more."
76561198060280825,Recommended,541210,32560413,Posted: 19 June,all,siguma44,we need chinese
,Not Recommended,541210,33400101,Posted: 9 July,all,dut,"Pro:- Wow! Another submarine simulatorCons:- But it's not a simulator, it's an arcade!I can't recommend this game if you like games like Silent Hunter/Sub Command/Dangerous waters. Awful simulation, the whole game is point->click->target_destroyed. Campagin is a simple placeholder and the game is just a bunch of missions. No need to identify your targets, no need to work with sonar, no need to work with your crew.You can't play as russian sub. They allow you to select a different american subs, but they all almost the same, without any difference, only 3d-model changes.Good graphics, but poor sounds.Not worth its money :("
76561197970554958,Not Recommended,541210,33330103,Posted: 6 July,all,Itinerant Preacher,The hot points for the mouse move around. Very exasperating having to switch to keys without notice or click around below the hotspots hoting to cycle your selection. After my admittedly short time I wish I had saved my $39.99.
76561198201382807,Not Recommended,541210,32477022,Posted: 16 June,all,el_n00bo,"its 99% similar to Dangerous Waters, only in that one you can also control russian subs and american surface ships such as an Arleigh Burke class destroyer.Pros: decent graphics and texturesThe underwater geography and physics are quite cool and help understand how sonar worksCons:1.All textures look copied from Dangerous Waters (only higher res.)2. Very short and simple campaign3. Buggy as hell (I play it on a ROG G752)4. You can only play as the 'muricans - no russian subs (I bought the game hoping to play a russian typhoon and nuke the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of things, or at least reenact the hunt for red october), no surface ships5. AI is dodgy as ♥♥♥♥ - if you dare launch a cruise missile all ♥♥♥♥ing hell drops down on you6. You can actually launch and manual guide your torpedoes to enemy subs which you can see in 3rd person, without detecting them on the sonar.7. The tutorial sucks hard8. Single missions suck hard9. The game just drops you behind the wheel of a sub and goes like, here, make this work10. NO F*cking way this deserves the 35 euros I paid. Could've waited for GTA 5 to go on sale.1.5 stars out of 5This could have been brilliant, but they ♥♥♥♥ed it up, badly."
76561198017546665,Not Recommended,541210,34343532,Posted: 18 August,all,Bahamut,"This is a horrible game. I have a modern Windows 10 Gaming system with high-end NVIDIA graphics - the game never gets past the start up screen when you try to start a campaign. Tried rebooting - that didn't help. The game controls are terrible, not logical. Graphics are below average. Controls for a submarine warfare game are very weak. Not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,541210,32227665,Posted: 6 June,all,Ryan,"I keep it short.The game is arcadish, not much techn. depth to play around with.Just single click fire methods. Torpedo's only usable with active sonar and allways cavataiting.Limited posibillitys to control the sub and I found only 1 playable sub(possible more subs there).Update:I saw a video on Youtube where a player dodged an incomming torpedo...I hope I dont have to say anything about thatNo playable sovjet subs/ships.Also no playable ships or aircrafts.Nothing for Dangerous Waters players!!Doesn't deserve to be in the simulation genre"
,Not Recommended,541210,33055163,Posted: 30 June,all,RoraBora93,It seems like a fun game at first but it quickly gets really boring and pointless. I will be trying for a refund.
,Not Recommended,541210,32313568,Posted: 10 June,all,Niemand303,"Expected a successor to Dangerous Waters. Got a boring ""press RMB to win"" arcade. Sad!"
,Not Recommended,541210,32386448,Posted: 13 June,all,Anal Mother,"Bought it due to being autistic and loving simulators. Only to find out it's a quasi-sim with a lot of gamey elements. The game has a lot of potential, but for $40 It's not worth it."
76561198035867713,Not Recommended,541210,32234211,Posted: 7 June,all,Rasmus,"I was a huge fan of Red Storm Rising back in the day. I bought this solely on the comparisons made.  Other than its the same subject matter and both share poor graphics I find little that's reminiscent.Why would you use WASD to in effect fly a sub. terrible game design.  I'd much rather have the MicroProse title back, they did it better in '88 on my Commodore 64.It'd be overpriced at $4.99, save your money. Where's the line for a refund?"
76561198006372292,Not Recommended,541210,33267061,Posted: 5 July,all,OTL,"Keep your money in your pocket , this game is not yet worth buying but it does have promise .Graphics are good but gameplay is bug ridden and not very well thought out.on certain missions you can spend hours slowly approaching target with no way of really speeding it up or saving so you can quit and carry on later , it gets tedious .The missions where you have to launch TLAMs are poorly thought out , the instructions are to approach to within 100 miles yet the launch sites can be 40k yards from target and sometimes on land ????The Campaigns are very short , the whole war can be fought in a few hours , you cannot free range like the SH series games .The 1968 campaigns are a waste of time your dead after the first torp is away as the enemy radar picks up your scope and pounces on you .Subs randomely keep switching to 2 tubes only , frustrating when your trying to take out multiple targets .Radar and ESM dont work , radar only picks up the targets you have already sunk and are on the bottom ?? ESM tells you nothing worthwhile .Finally the controls are very clonky , some dont work, some are unnecessary  why have seperate controls for ballast and planes , you need two sets of hands when trying to escape incoming torpedoes , this area needs a rethink ."
76561198253047296,Not Recommended,541210,32379768,Posted: 12 June,all,riverrat24656@yahoo.com,"Good graphics and plot, but the keys will not change the entrees."
,Not Recommended,541210,33139489,Posted: 2 July,all,Quinton Starbanger IV,"I personally thought this would be like Silent Hunter 3, but more updated and with more content, all i found was complete boredom followed by dissapointment."
76561198007255802,Not Recommended,541210,32279953,Posted: 8 June,all,NeonCyber,can't recommend this piece of bug fiestathe campaign is a pain in the ***navigating the campaign map is even a bigger pain in the ***ragequit alt+f4 several times
76561198007702220,Not Recommended,541210,33113074,Posted: 1 July,all,LaRetard,Way to complicated. Not fun at all. Would like a refund
,Not Recommended,541210,35076938,Posted: 19 September,all,CombatAviator,"I am extremely dissapointed in this game.I bought into the hype. People saying this is a good ""modern sub simulator""Nope. It really is a half measure at best.There are a vast number of things that make this as ""arcadey"" as War Thunder. Not the least of which is you cannot make a proper long-range tracking approach of your targer. You cannot begin combat far away enough to do anything half of the time. You are ""heard"" the very moment  you load into the map. What a pure joke."
76561198053782498,Not Recommended,541210,35001534,Posted: 16 September,all,Dean Thiessen,"If you are looking for a submarine arcade game this is the one to get ,if you are looking for a submarine simulator this definately is not the game you are looking for.I give it a thumbs down because I thought it was a simulator and it is not ,its a very simple arcade game."
,Not Recommended,541210,32207703,Posted: 5 June,all,moneypoww,"Really disappointing. Control scheme is not great, tutorial is non-interactive, it just plonks you in a scenario with a bunch of text and hopes you do the correct stuff. Also the main campaign map looks like it was designed to work in Scratch, and the main gameplay is excessively difficult. Sorry, but it's not a fun game."
76561198038106526,Recommended,541210,32204052,Posted: 5 June,all,[TWB] *Rich8,"*waves hand slowly* You WILL buy Cold Waters.v1.0 (The Release Version)On a more serious note, after playing 30 hours*. Cold Waters is a great mix between sim and arcade. While I can't say it lives up to it's spiritual successor, Red Storm Rising (I wasn't even born when that came out) I will say it's a damn fun game when you get your sub into a position that can obsolutley wreck your enemy. And the feeling of escaping either unharmed, or even severly damaged is a great one. Like many other games at release, it has it's bugs.-Event Camera bugs-Getting an engagment to end-OP as hell aircraft (I guess you can consider it more of a gameplay feature that needs tuning)Looking forward to 1.1 and for them to hammer down the bugs.*30 plus hours because since you can't save in battle I just leave the game running while I sleep and have it paused."
,Not Recommended,541210,33290415,Posted: 5 July,all,[2.FJg] Plan Of Action-OGf,"This game is buggy, and not as advertised.  FIrst mission all torpedo tubes failed.  Never reparied by ""damage control"" and then after escaped the icon of the ""submarine"" became stuck and unmovable on the map by a tiny spec on the map.Do not buy this."
76561197970812087,Not Recommended,541210,32203618,Posted: 5 June,all,magnusej,"I was hoping, or even dreaming of a spiritual successor to Fleet Command, or better yet, Sub Command or even Dangerous Waters. This is neither. At this stage I'm not even sure what it's trying to be. Analgue controls of the sub suggests ambitions to be a sim. But why would I, as the captain of the sub, control my boat manually? As a strategy game, it would compete with CMANO - and, no... not even the same ballpark. This seems to be nothing but a point and click arcade game with no hint of simulation what so ever.Maybe my expectations were to high, seeing as I never played Red Storm Rising, but I have plenty of time with Fleet Command, Sub Command, Dangerous Waters, Harpoon and CMANO, and this..this I don't know what is. It seems to land inbetween Fleet Command and Sub Command, but not combining the best of the two...This is hopefully going to a refund."
76561198159825804,Not Recommended,541210,32380896,Posted: 12 June,all,f1fighterpilot,Terrible game.  Often you will fire a weapon or a weapon will be fired on you but the camerca will follow the weapon.  I have yet to find a way back to my ship to make counter manuveres.The entire game is NOT user friendly and expects you to memorize hot keys with no tutorial. The only tutorial is on the weapons.If it under $10 maybe buy it.
76561198041820445,Not Recommended,541210,32283945,Posted: 8 June,all,DOCDAN19,"Worst Subsim ever, senarios either very easy or impossible. Interface hopeless, complete waste of money, tried to get arefund from steam but was dissallowed, not happy at all."
76561198023614121,Not Recommended,541210,34483696,Posted: 25 August,all,gloops1,"This game is ""set up""!,  by this I mean that there is no room for any freeness of attack for the player.  You are placed in situations where you are almost immediatly under attack with little chance off winning the situation..!  You are SET UP! As I have said.  No chance of any free exploration to carfully stalk your prey with any chance of winning.  Your enemy KNOWS where you are immediatly ... what a cheat!This goes for ALL the scenarios so anyone who thinks he is in for a good sneak and counter ssneak hass wasted his money..  I want a retun of my money as I consider myself having been robed here!"
76561198000136095,Not Recommended,541210,32401221,Posted: 13 June,all,romeguy84,Sub Command is a sumulator.  Silent Hunter III is a simulator.  This is NOT a simulator its a 3rd person exuse.  This game has...had the potential to be a great simulator. I retuned the game and am now playing Sub Command.
,Not Recommended,541210,34213940,Posted: 13 August,all,Brains_Ironically,Boring AF.
76561198039640838,Not Recommended,541210,33417690,Posted: 9 July,all,Badfurday,"want a refund, the torps go nowhere near where you target, the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial is un-playable, it does absoulutly nothing to help you and even trying to understand it, much less play it is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible, i want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund"
76561198022892503,Not Recommended,541210,33382781,Posted: 8 July,all,UglyBaby,"Have not saved in a while, got killed during mission, manual save too old and dint want to do it all over again so went to load auto-save and the auto-save turned out to be corrupted for some reason ...♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,541210,33573070,Posted: 15 July,all,Nicky Santoro,no soviet option no play get out w/ that nato bs
76561198026081165,Not Recommended,541210,32593795,Posted: 20 June,all,mattlennie,"What a disapointment!!!I thought that this game might have been something along the lines of 688i Hunter Killer but what an absolute let down. Controls are difficult to use (there is no P for periscope depth or the ability to set a waypoint you want to go to on the map), no realism (you can't deploy your towed array sonar for example).What an absolute waste of money :("
76561198004299996,Not Recommended,541210,34839109,Posted: 9 September,all,wade8343323,God awful game!!!!!!!!!!!!! makes no sense!!!!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198039523590,Recommended,541210,32204820,Posted: 5 June,all,WES,"Ok, updating this review, gave the game another shot after seeing the positive ratings that other players are giving it. While I do believe that this game could do with some revision on things, with what they do give, the game is as fun as you make it. The controls of the sub do take a lot of getting used to, especially if you're used to point and click dials on other subsims, but it's not gamebreaking. I am considering this a diamond in the rough after a little bit more time playing. Hoping the devs will patch, update, and add features to this for the future."
76561198274440293,Recommended,541210,33596489,Posted: 16 July,all,mrfarkle327,great look to the game just tomany buttons to remember to use it wasent for me but its not a bad game
76561198004173922,Not Recommended,541210,32827472,Posted: 26 June,all,Flipje_NL,"Awesome game, but sadly unplayable in its current state. Enemy sonar and sensors are unrealisticly overpowered at the moment. No matter what you do, you always die in your first campaign mission. Enemy sees you, you never see them, and you will eat a torpedo or 2 in the process and sink to the bottom. I ask to the developers: MAKE FIXING BUGS YOUR PRIORITY RIGHT NOW! Your game is freaking unplayable now!"
76561198394045362,Recommended,541210,32800069,Posted: 25 June,all,subpac,"With version 1.05 and the addition of voice confirmations, Cold Waters may be the best ""Nuclear Age"" submarine sim we've ever had. Keep up the good work Killerfish and Steam!"
76561197963041283,Recommended,541210,33846201,Posted: 27 July,all,Steveo,good gaame needs more content
76561198053952031,Recommended,541210,33845958,Posted: 27 July,all,Immutable Gaming,Very fun Submarine Simulator/Arcade (probably a mix of both). After completing training I downloaded the Russian Subs Mod (healthy Mod community btw) and proceeded to hunt down the Soviet Submarine fleet with a stolen Alfa class Sub. I suspect the game will keep getting better with more content added and tweaking.
76561198129930932,Recommended,541210,34104030,Posted: 8 August,all,hudsondk,"i am enjoying this game alot, the level of difficulty is determined by ""pre load outs"" .. may not be what you want !! LOVE IT"
76561198074884057,Recommended,541210,32896611,Posted: 27 June,all,BOSCO,"Visualy gorgeous and immensly engrossing game play, I have enjoyed this long-awaited modern sub sim for the most part.  But I can't really recommend it to the general public at this time.  It is an incomplete game still in development with many glitches/issues yet to be resolved.  The downloadable manual is also incomplete, lacking in many important details you need and would expect to find,  The interface is clunky and outdated adding an unnecessary additional layer to the learning curve.  The developers promise to fix the many problems and to continue developing the game.  If they do so, Cold Waters has the potential of being a true sub sim classic...moe than surpassing The Hunt For Red October for thrilling submerged warefare against those nasty Russians as the Cold War turns hot.  If you are an avid sub sim fan, you can probably look past the current imperfictions of this game and really enjoy playing it while hoping for the best in the near future.  I do..Looking much better with recent updates...much better interface, more intuitive play! Can now recommend game for all sub sim aficinados."
76561198411651126,Recommended,541210,35162662,Posted: 23 September,all,finncm25,When is there more playable subs coming?? I mean like its been a while and they have added literally zero content which is kind of weird as this game has been out for quite a few months now. I mean there has been slight changes and bug fixes but literally nothing else so playing the same old stuff and the same old missions are getting old! When is there more content being added without me going to have to go and download mods?
76561197963532288,Recommended,541210,35095972,Posted: 20 September,all,WhskyTangoFxtrot,"I will always support a dev that allows for modded content in their game.  My initial experience was less than stellar but I have started to enjoy this game with modded content.  I also respect the developer for responding to my initial review and have changed the review to positive.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Initial experience and review: Only have 4 hours played so far.  Did the tutorial missions and a couple of single missions.  Tried the campaign, located the enemy fleet on the campaign map and loaded the mission.... went immediately into silent running within 5 seconds of mission start and picked up contacts - started classifying the first contact and suddenly a helo dropped a torpedo directly on top of my 200ft deep sub striking it.... what in the actual ♥♥♥♥.  Can I have 30 seconds from mission start to plan an attack or am I going to just going to lose the mission in less than 1 minute from starting?It's a neat concept of a game but there were literally no warnings for this event.  No sonar pings, the helo didn't try dropping a sonobuoy first, just ""oh you spawned into the mission? here have a torpedo""."
76561198024504977,Recommended,541210,35131887,Posted: 22 September,all,matthiaswuethrich,"As a Sub-Simmer since SH2 I have to say it is an amazing game. Sure... there are some things not fleshed out yet, but it is the most acurate Sim I know as of todate. Unlike other awesome games, here you have to work to classify the enemy. You can order depth either by commanding the depth, but you can also take controll of the balast tanks and the planes and manually bring the sup to the desired depth. The learning-Curve is a bit steap but I would say well worth it. This comes probably as close as possible for many of us to actually command a submarien, Superb game."
,Recommended,541210,35118636,Posted: 21 September,all,Kota Fox,"this game has potential, it really does. I like the game, and though frustrating at times its mostly lack of knowledge that has me beat, yea ive raged but mostly because of how quickly i get detected, then i realize its usually something ive done, anyway i gotta say this game is shaping up nicely, and there may be more to come with this game, so give it a shot, but learn the enemy units first! they are way more lethal than i first thought"
,Recommended,541210,35126006,Posted: 22 September,all,Kashmar79,"So there I was, phoning in the successful sinking of a large invasion fleet, when SUBCOMLANT tells me to come back to Holy Loch to take on a SEAL team. Destination? Arkhangelsk!The crew was kept from rioting by promises of large amounts of cake when the mission was over, the SEALs were loaded and we were off!As we cross the eastern SOSUS-line, ELINT warns us on an incoming satellite that will cross our path in about an hour. No way to avoid it, so we steam on. Then a Naval Air Patrol out of Murmansk flies straight over us (and we're still waiting for the satellite to cross!), and all hell breaks loose. Every boat in the Barents Sea is coming right for us, and all we have is one MOSS, three Mk.48s and a SEAL team...Life in the Navy is no picnic....11/10"
76561198121530440,Recommended,541210,35502649,Posted: 5 October,all,brighthouse98,"I just got this game a few days ago,I player red storm riseing on my commordore 64 many years ago. LOL KIllerfish did a VERY FINE JOB on this game!!! I could not be more happy, and it sure is not an easy game to master either!!!  Bring both your wit, and a ton of patience with you,espically if you know little or nothing about subs!! The game through arcade in much, is very real as well! The ships and subs are done by true masters and as you will see, great love went into making this very fine game! The captains of Killerfish can be very proud of both there fine work,and even more amazing just how much they care about us the consumer!! It is so RARE!!!!  Thanks Killerfish!!! REALLY!!! I personally am so very thankful for all who worked upon this very fine game!! 10 out of 10!! My first 10 in any game!! Not just for the game itself but Killerfish actually stands behind the game to continue to make things more real and they look to help in everyway to us!! A fine game is one thing,but a fine company who cares about those who purchase there game while that is rare indeed!! GREAT JOB!!"
76561198000930787,Recommended,541210,35490174,Posted: 5 October,all,bR | Purator,One of the best games / sims in years.
,Recommended,541210,35495318,Posted: 5 October,all,kostiiCZek,Great compromise between arcade and simulation
