user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,541450,30778694,Posted: 27 March,all,seph.au,"60fps, 1080p. English & Japanese Voices/Subs. Good Mouse & Pad support, completely rebindable controls. Recommend taking a look if you enjoyed Stranger of Sword City or Elminage Gothic.  Decent port and price is fair. Cheers.(No Commentary Quicklook. GTX 970/i7 3770k, FPS top left)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZmXEn8g7uEUpdated Thoughts: UI can be fiddly and requires more clicks then it should, like searching for items in the heat of battle. Don't think you can hotkey. Limited use spells, casters usually last long enough since there are multiple categories, otherwise require resting outside of dungeons and take up a group slot defending. Environments don't change a great deal and combat is a can be lackluster, just nitpicking @$15 though. Still a thumbs up.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLslfvIJAupszF4Q_uqGC0jzJ05Cwew2jJ"
76561198054756522,Recommended,541450,30784757,Posted: 27 March,all,KamenRiderGeneration,"Only an hour into the game, and there's a few things I've noticed that I think need mentioning;The story seems to treat your entire party as a single character (ie, none of your party member say anything, but your party will respond to question (in the same way that Link does). It kind of reminds me the the Delightful Children From Down The Lane from Kids Next Door, if anyone get's that refrence.Second, the magic system is a lot like magic in DnD. As in spells are divided by level, and you can only cast so many spells from one level before you need to rest. However, there are four different kinds of magic that each have their own library of spells. So it seems like the seperate branches don't share spell uses, so if you use up all of your level 1 spells for one branch, that has no effect on your level 1 spell uses for the other three branchs.If none of these things bother you, and you enjoyed Strange in Sword City, then I say check this out. There's a good chance you'll like this too."
,Not Recommended,541450,30797602,Posted: 28 March,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"READ AT YOUR OWN RISK ALTHOUGH I ALREADY OWN THE GAME AND BEAT THE GAME BACK WHEN IT IS RELEASE IN 2015. so this review is mostly what i felt about the game.just treat it as buying guideline and judge the game for yourselfif you have already play the game or playing it now on pc.PROS+Wide use of color palate+Uses sci-fi setting instead of typical fantasy+Can jump into the action or customize your character at the start+Extra challenge and reward for delving deeper into dungeonCONS-Long-winded text conversations-Dungeons could be designed better-Typical amnesiac storyline-Lots of backtracking(cause of frustration dungeon design)-Complicated Leveling System(you need to go back to base all the time just to level up your party)-Limited Save in Dungeon-Level Restriction on early game,mid game story.-Party designation is useless.(back row party if you are heavy on melee type party:only able to use spell,no melle attack for back row party)-Dull combat.-Weak lead characters.Neutral=Cannot Select Difficulty=Unfair Boss fight and design (which i can look past)=Grinding for level (you need it for later fight)Operation Abyss is a pretty good game, or it would be if it wasn't bogged down by its atrocious UI. Seriously, almost nothing in this game follows the basic rules of how the simplest of menus should work. Trying to check your status or buying items from the shop will leave you blundering around checking and trying to understand every option. It feels like Operation Abyss tried to be unique, but didn't realize in time why the UI conventions we have exist in the first place. Don't even bother trying to look in the manual for how to do what you're looking to do because you'll be sent in circles trying to understand the ridiculous jargon.The story isn't enough for me, a serial FFWD-er, to pay attention to. The character designs and art direction are just passable, and the battle system is about as senseless as anything else.It being a simple (aka, hard mess up) genre saves it from destruction, and it has its own enjoyable moments, but I'd say to skip it. The frustrations aren't worth it, it's too hard to *really* get into because it is so incomprehensible.In general the sound isn’t fantastic, memorable or alluring and the only real sound of note that I found was the one where the characters bump into a wall (which will happen quite frequently if you start dozing off in the middle of a mission like I did on many occasions).Customization and crafting really is the game’s strong point, it takes a while to figure out at first but once you’ve got the hang of it, you’ll be well away with creating stronger weapons, breaking down older ones for parts, analysing armour and boosting the stats of your current gear. There is what feels like a metric ton of gear to carefully construct, boost, affix and break down if required. I really enjoyed analysing the junk gear that variants dropped along with creating exotic and rare items.There are a few caveats around levelling up as well. You can only level up when you go back to the medical centre to rest which can make exploring dungeons difficult when you’ve levelled up a few times and really could do with that extra power in order to vanquish the variants. Near the beginning of the game, you are also level capped to 15 until you progress with the story which seemed a bit pointless given the battle mechanics and that variants will become stronger and more aggressive the longer you fight them, until you choose to flee from battle which lowers the variant levels.Exploration of dungeons bounces between an addictive exciting excursion where you’ve no idea what lies round the corner to seemingly never ending drudgery as you traipse round an already explored dungeon looking for one specific square with no clue other than ‘it’s further deeper in!’. The dungeons themselves are fairly plain looking, somewhat reminiscent of what an HD version of Wolfenstein 3D or the original Doom would look like now. This could have been a really gritty and grimy game but instead most of the sections are quite bland and fairly neutral – some blood stained floors or dirty walls wouldn’t have gone amiss.Some of these missions are purely aggravating as you’ll repeat the same or very similar missions over and over – in particular there is one ‘find a lost person’ mission that went on for a bit too long… I mean, how much can one person get so lost that they seemingly never even seem to have a remote clue of where they are? I’m not one for overt realism in games but I did think that this was taking it a bit too far – questing just for the sake of quests!Sadly, game play outside of combat is equally as flavourless. When not talking to NPCs or pouring over a laborious number of menus, players will find themselves roaming dungeons as they look for their next objective. It wouldn’t be so bad if each of these dungeons weren’t so featureless, but while the tile-set will vary from dungeon to dungeon, the only sort of props or aesthetic features you will ever run into are walls and doors. It’s unforgivably lazy.Additional Note:I’ll be frank and say that if you’re not into dungeon crawlers then you might as well quit reading now as this game probably won’t be for you. If you’ve never heard of this title before then you can be easily forgiven as it is actually a polished amalgamation of a Japanese language only DRPG trilogy on PS VITA.(if you ever lost in a dungeon, you might as well draw the layout of the dungeon and start mapping which part teleport you to which door or trap,otherwise you will forever wonder the same place over and over againFinal Verdict: 2/5With new and original ideas in very short supply, it’s hard to recommend Operation Abyss to anyone who doesn’t usually invest in offbeat Japanese roleplaying games. Yes, it may have all the essentials, but this is far from being a tour de force, feeling more like a flashy RPG Maker project than an actual published title.Overall, this was a frustrating and lukewarm experience that lacked cohesion and synergy. There are a lot of unusual and intriguing elements along with brilliant customisation. However, they are all quite loosely tied together and whilst it isn’t the worst game ever, it unfortunately doesn’t live up to the developer’s previous high standards that were set by Demon Gaze.if you plan to beat the game this is the full guide with map.http://www.spoiler.jp/srv/abyss/index.php(walkthrough with full map and quest in japanese)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tp0_IY_UDRY&list=PLIf596MJuoa8YI7hWRsAyurYYvjCU-j6p(video walktrough from a player, i do not own it i just share it to show what it is like credit:Crixus13 for making this video walkthrough)"
,Recommended,541450,32557919,Posted: 18 June,all,FleshOpera,"UPDATED 9/8/2017You should play this game if you love Wizardry: Labyrinth of Lost Souls.  Operation Abyss: New Tokyo Legacy is practically a clone of Wizardry: Labyrinth of Lost Souls but way more advanced, as it offers everything you would love about W:LOLS; but with better storyline and includes a crafting system reminisent of Shin Megmi Tensei Strange Journey.The storyline gets pretty interesting as you progress, though it starts a bit slow.  If you like a bit of anime cyberpunk you may enjoy this game.You can play in 2 modes; Basic and Classic:Basic allows you to customize your character's appearanceveryslightly, with beautiful preset character art, but equipment does not show on your character.Classic allows you to customize your character's' appearance in depth, but with less ""stunning"" artwork, and equipment does show on your characters.(You can not switch modes once you pick a game mode, so pick wisely.)My Experince Between The Modes:I first started a Basic mode game and reached level 7 and got bored with the preset art.  I decided to start over in Classic mode and I am so glad I did.  The art in Classic looks more dated, but it was much more fun creating myself and my friends. Seeing them in the equipment (weapons, armor, bunny ears, bat wings, hair ribbons, etc.) was really cool and also hilarous at times.  For me, Classic mode fixes what Basic Mode & W:LOLS bored me with (preset character art).  So it is up to you whether you want detailed preset art or to add a bit more personal creativity and humor to your game.FEATURES & PROS:• Full Controller Support (Xbox one controller works amazing)• Grid-Based movement dungeon crawling• In-depth Crafting System• Character customization• Lots of missions• Nice 1080p Graphics & Art at 60fps• Balanced combat (if it gets too easy you can equip an item you start with that increases enemy levels, this also affects drop quality. If the level increase is too hard just unequip it.)• Auto-move; You can click on an area of the map where you have previously visited and move automatically.  This makes grinding a breeze and I'm terribly spoiled now for future games.CONS:• Interface can be awkward to learn at first but you get used to it• Comparing new and old gear can be a challange, lots of back and forth from menus• Occasional annoying/boring short story fillers• Some people might not like to grind• Classroom setting that seems out of place from this type of storyline, also a bit too predictable for an anime game.I'll keep updating my review as I play."
76561198017053445,Recommended,541450,30783564,Posted: 27 March,all,Postosuchus,"Colorful dungeon crawler. Runs nicely on PC, 1080p full in this case. Note that it has decent English voice acting (including in-battle grunts/comments) as well as the listed Japanese.Updated: the game has held up without a hitch. A nice option is also the choice of art styles at game start. I chose Classic over the default, as while not as ornate you can constantly change the visuals with new accessories and clothing for variety. Game can be quite addictive."
76561198055603209,Not Recommended,541450,32809715,Posted: 26 June,all,Elis Shaimall,"if there was a ""meh"" button i'd press it but Steam allows only to recommend or not games and between the 2 the ""not-recommend"" is the nearest of my opinionso far, the scenario is correct neither too simple nor too complexthe item system is a little complicated at first but you get used to it soon enoughthe difficulty is a little too easy with the trash mobs and you get a big difficulty spike against some bossesbut then why won't i recommend this game ? there is something that i can't forgive : you can't choose your target in combat... i don't know if it's because i went on the ""classic"" or not but not being able to choose your target make boss battles a hassle 'cause most of the time bosses spawn with underlings and your characters hit the first row at random when i could with magic shoot the damn underlings which heal the boss"
76561197998033010,Recommended,541450,32476517,Posted: 16 June,all,daniel_mic,"Good old school dungeon crawler...does what it's supposed to:  backtracking, leveling and beating you to a pulp...actually on par with Etrian Odyssey and the likes.  Not really a fan of crafting, and this system is no different, but I'm kind of having fun learning the ropes.  I'll just get a crafting guide if/when I get bored.The only game that tops this for me is Eye of th Beholder - but that's just me......Good that developpers are still doing the crawlers - I always seem to come back to them once in a while."
,Recommended,541450,31239919,Posted: 19 April,all,Utsunomiya,"A solid Wizardry clone, if a bit bland.Not too hard, not too grindy; dungeons make sense; it's hard to screw up a character—perfect for a babby's first dungeon crawler.Buy this before you jump into Stranger of Sword City and the like.Oh, and the port's mighty fine."
,Recommended,541450,32002343,Posted: 27 May,all,Valorian Endymion,"Very good and fun dungeon crawler, the setting is a near-future kind, with your heroes begin member of academy, where in the go in missions hunting monsters know as variants and solving misteries. Character creation is good, with two different models for visuals (one of images and another which is kind like dress up game, where you can create your own paper doll), instead of class you have blood codes, which could be changed in case you need this or that code."
76561198106165594,Recommended,541450,30783118,Posted: 27 March,all,Maximus,"It's a fun colorful JRPG dungeon crawler! It reminds me of Stranger of Sword City which is also a good game. If you like JRPGs, if you like dungeon crawlers, then you need to buy this game!"
76561198160868511,Recommended,541450,35443587,Posted: 3 October,all,Strayed Lynx,"A top notch dungeon crawling focused RPG,with great graphics and artstyle,amazing characters and story and a deep and balanced gameplay."
76561198068813331,Recommended,541450,30881746,Posted: 1 April,all,necrosarus2,"A good wyzardry clone. With some of the most obtuse game design that I ever see. A masochist game, a good game. Kagura map will make you cry from joy or rage you decide."
76561198043583409,Recommended,541450,33918904,Posted: 30 July,all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"This is a dress up and roll with the squad simulator in which you create all your favorite friends or tv show characters if you dont have any friends, and then put them in swag♥♥♥♥♥lookin equipment so that they will look cool as they sit there. There is this weird mechanic where you have to dungeon crawl for the cool looking equipment but as i spent 3 hours desinging my team in the first place i havent done much actual dungeon crawling yet.also go with the mode that lets you create your own character because there is no point to a character creation game where you cant create your own characters.10/10 would go into battle without armour again because the base armour looks worse than my school uniforms."
76561198006884898,Not Recommended,541450,31696989,Posted: 12 May,all,buchecker,The biggest problem? The game is boring and unenganging to the point where i played this game while waiting for things in other games (which explains my 51h).A couple of other things that i found annoying:- shoehorned in school setting (i dont get the obession with school settings in Animes/ Mangas etc)- boring protagonists and nonsense story- very uneven difficulty (in the same area) but usually too easy with (unexpected) difficulty spikes- unbalanced classes- unnecessary complex item system with barely anything explained- environments even more barebone than RPGs from the early 90s
76561198015277500,Recommended,541450,30831324,Posted: 30 March,all,Thantosgundam00,"I'm few hours in the game and started the fourth mission which is the 1st wanted Variant.  The game itself have both English and Japanese Audio which you can change in the Options menu. Also you can change the text either Japanese or English, turn on/off voices and change different resolutions.The main game is control a party with variety of classes (blood codes) through different dungeons and fulfill missions.  There are bit a backtracking on some maps and some story events with no hints can be difficult to peruse the main missions.  It can be discourage to new players but the memos system does some help guide the players for better understanding the dungeons and secrets.The main currency is GP points system which is universal in Operation Abyss and upcoming sequel Babel.  There is a limited amounts of items to be ""issued"" so only way to spend more GP only if you have large pool of GP points and earned it through combat.   The combat system is standard as most turn-based RPG with only comestic difference is the Unity system and Spell charges.  The Unity bar can increase only if you used it more often and used as all-out party attack, defend and spells.   Spell Casters have a limited amount of charges to their spells.  The Spell pool charge can only increased through level up the casters and recharged through resting to regain full charge.When you started a new game, you can choose either Basic mode or Classic Mode.  Basic mode only have basic portraits for creating new characters.  Classic mode allows customization looks for new created characters.   I recommended Classic mode only if you like created characters for full custom looks."
,Not Recommended,541450,34080839,Posted: 7 August,all,Drsen57,"I love anime, dungeon crawling, JRPGs, and RPGs, but I did not like this game. It started when I saw the UI, which I was not impressed at all with. I then saw just how much you had to go though before you even began the game. The first time I entered combat, it also wasn't fun. The monsters are very plain, and from there I felt like quitting; I did not want to play anymore."
76561198137309340,Recommended,541450,31385199,Posted: 26 April,all,Grimalkin,Pretty fun after gambling 4 hours for stats
76561198031195100,Not Recommended,541450,30885583,Posted: 1 April,all,evilserran,"I am not a fan oh how only the specific magic casting class seems able to deal with things, otherwise you have to spend tons of money for items to mimic its skill.  For example, for float you must have a magician, or pay 500 points to buy an enfloat.  Status effects are beyind killer as items dont come very often, so you spend all your points on those too, as any status effect can completly remove your X character until you return to town.  If someone gets paralyzed or ko'd if not immediatly fixed in the current battle, it screws up your party order, and you cannot reorder it until you go back to the HQ.In short, its pretty fun, but definitely has some very tedious factors that drive me crazy.  I'd give it 3/5 stars.  I am enjoying playing it so far, but there are a few times i had to stop because annoyed over small things.  For people who enjoy grinding, and dungeon games its not bad, but it is not easy to use, and the ui is crap.  I am using down thumb, because no one reads up thumb, if there was a sideways thumb, id use that."
,Recommended,541450,30781408,Posted: 27 March,all,Nappael,"Initial impressions are good. Competent PC version, with full English and Japanese voices despite what the Steam page says. Runs great."
76561198041179086,Recommended,541450,30782957,Posted: 27 March,all,Akikojam,This reminds me of PSP game - Class of Heroes. Just a bit... advanced version. And those in turn are based on Wizardy series.
76561197982844462,Recommended,541450,30843542,Posted: 30 March,all,brassi77,"I played Generation Xth1 on the PC and liked it enough that I was excited to play this one on my kid's hand thing.  I am a PC guy so am excited to play this like a civilized person on the PC.  I like these games.  I like rpg blobbers and these games have the rpg systems, the quests, the itemization, etc, to be considered a real rpg (unlike, to me, pure Dungeon Crawlers that have no story, quests, sometimes even no shops or npc interaction).I am not a big fan of Asian games as they are usually lacking in the rpg systems department with very poor character development and worse itemization.  This game has decent systems for both...the itemization is somewhat of the original system that is becoming popular with AAA games like DA:I.As an Asian game, be prepared to be confused in various ways.  They seem to like their males to look like females and all their females to look 10 years old or yonger.But, all that aside, this game to me is worth the price if you are a fan of rpg blobbers or Dungeon Crawlers.EDIT:  This game is a remade version of generation Xth1.  It seems like it uses the Strangers of Sword City engine.  It isn't an exact 1 to 1 remake but is very similar and seems to use a lot of the same art assets."
76561198143390685,Not Recommended,541450,30988558,Posted: 6 April,all,pianogrinder,"Plays like Stranger of Sword City but with a story set in the modern era. has most of the game mechanics of Stranger of Sword City and it's combat. It's an ok game, but I wish they made the content less complicated especially for leveling and weapons and armor. We all don't have PH.D brains so hopefully they will not have that in the next project."
76561197965491180,Recommended,541450,32722758,Posted: 24 June,all,Moving_Target,"Do not believe someone's review here, he know nothing aboutthis game even he claimed he played over 51hours.about his cons for this game:""boring and unenganging to the point where i played this gamewhile waiting for things in other games""odd, normally that's true, but not completely true.there has 2 ways and 1 new design to improve this problem:1. if you continue to pass through a door, it will increaseyour engaging rate obviously.2. go out dungeon or leave this floor of the dungeon(to go upor to go down of this floor), it will reset all contents ofthis dungeon, include all engaging point(yellow triangle).then you just hit these engaging point to earn exp and tocollect loots.about new design:when you first finished a mission ""wanted variant"", and re-enter any dungeon, it will appear a signet on your left and upside of screen.that signet shows your dangerous level in any abyss.if you keep to kill variants, your dangerous level willincreace and it means you will engage stronger monsters andincrease engaging rate, it also increase the rare itemdropping rate.if you choose to flee from battle, the dangerous level willdecrease.so if you really want to up your level faster and collect morerare items, this is your best choice(of course you can use 2ways to farm variants as i said).""A couple of other things that i found annoying:- shoehorned in school setting (i dont get the obession withschool settings in Animes/ Mangas etc)- boring protagonists and nonsense story- very uneven difficulty (in the same area) but usually tooeasy with (unexpected) difficulty spikes- unbalanced classes- unnecessary complex item system with barely anythingexplained- environments even more barebone than RPGs from the early90s""1. - shoehorned in school settingthis is just his personal taste(about school setting), justthe reason to give a con to this game? come on, are youkidding?2. - boring protagonists and nonsense storywho is protagonist? oh, it's YOU, so you said you are boring?or you mean, supporting roles?okay, including story of this game, they also can't be areason to give it another con, because no matter what roles orstory, every one has different feeling about them, you can'tjudged it by your own subjective thought, this only showedyour ignorant and arrogant.3. - very uneven difficulty (in the same area) but usually tooeasy with (unexpected) difficulty spikesyes, many classic RPG has uneven difficulty in the same area.for example:""Wizardry"" series(this game's prototype), ""Ultima""1~5, ""Elite"", ""Bard's Tale"" series, ""Might and Magic""1 and2...etcokay, i give you deeper example.if you play ""Might and Magic 1"", you will engage a group stonegiants in Dark Wood, but you also maybe engage a group demonlords in Dark Wood(even though they are super rare)...you maykill a group stone giants very easy, but you probablydestroyed by a demon lord.believe me, i experienced it(i tried to revenge myself, butnever meet demon lord there).almost every classic games is more difficult than this one!and do you know, the game's previous version is ""GenerationXth: Code Hazard"" and ""GXTH: Code Breaker""? they even are moredifficult than this new one.boy, be patience. you will enjoy the fun when you overcomethese difficult time.4. - unbalanced classeswhat meaning is ""balanced classes""? every class can solo a tonof monsters and taken no hurt? you think you were playing aRPG that only one player character?maybe you think academic is weakest class because he is lackof attack spells and weakest physical attack ability, but doyou know he also is most important class in this game?without him, you will suffer before any code chip because youcan't sure it's safe to open or not, even it has a trap, youwill still want to open it and loot whatever inside this chip.but do you really think you can survived the trap? yes,without him you will suffer all the time. and THIS is abalanced class(every class has it's own advantages that othersdon't have, player should to understand these differentclasses' advantage).5. - unnecessary complex item system with barely anythingexplainedsigh, plz explain what is unnecessary complex item system. yousaid nothing to prove your words. this is completelymeaningless statement.for me, this game's item system is far easy than many RPG(forexample: ""Elder Scroll"" series, ""Fallout 3"" and ""Fallout 4"",""Witcher"" series, ""Dragon Age"" series), even famous MMORPG""World of Warcraft"" is surely more complicated than this one.i think the only problem is you don't want to spend any timeto learn this item system, right?6. - environments even more barebone than RPGs from the early90syes, about it's visual&sound effect, it is hardly to satisfyplayers in recently years.but not all.did you see a PC game ""Pixel Dungeon"" on steam? there has alot of good games in this world that has poor visual&soundeffect.==========================================================okay, let's forgot that nonsense and focus on my personalreview below here:pros:1. improved classic game ""wizardry""'s design.not only improved the vitual effectives and add musics andsounds, voices but also add more fresh and creatives classesand skills.2. high variation&high degrees of freedom of item system.unless unique equipments, almost all can be craft and empowerby player! there has random item code can used to gamble yourluck for your equipment, to transform it into another one withroughly the same level.3. engaging points(yellow triangle) in every abyss.worry about farming monsters? you just walk to these yellowtriangle in any abyss, you will engage monsters and collectloots.don't forget it, when you leave this floor or leave the abyss,all engaging points will be reset.4. multiple classes setting.yes, you can't dual classes still, only the follow up game""Operation Babel"" can do it.BUT you can change to another class(restart your level withanother class but health points and all attributes won'tlose).to do so, your character still remembers and has the samespell casting ability with his last class, so you can trainyour character with many spell casting classes, he will hasmany spells and become a powerful magic fighter!5. after you finish your adventure in the story of this game,you can transport your old characters into next follow up game""Operation Babel"" and continue your new adventure!sorry but i can't hide this fact to you, you won't startOperation Babel with your old characters, you will need tocreate 6 new members and form another team to do your newadventure until you beat the final boss(don't worry too much,because you will have second chance to beat it by your oldcharacters^_^)....in the story your old characters trapped with captain Alice byEmbryo(huge monster that has baby form), so you need to employa new team to save them, and the only way to save them isdefeat Embryo!after you save your old characters, they will rejoin you withall equipments and items on them(so before transport your oldcharacters into Operation Babel first put all items you wantto transport on them, not only teammates will be transport,but all your created characters in Operation Abyss).6. you can get some useful rare items by kill wanted variants!7. added some new monsters.8. the number of spell casting limit at any circle(1~8) nowthe limit increased over 10!9. no more needed light tools or spell codes, because you cansee largest range in all abyss unless darkness area.sorry, review area has a post content limit here so i must post remaining in the comment area."
76561198062710598,Recommended,541450,34616953,Posted: 30 August,all,Thenais,"dungeon rpg delving - nicecharacter design - nicelongevity - niceschool setting - mehstory - mehUI - mehmusic - mehoverall not quite as addictive as stranger of the sword city, but not a bad title."
