user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,542200,30012204,Posted: 18 February,all,strayseer,"Animal Lover is easily my favourite English VN. Not because it has an ingenious plot or some sort of breakthrough on the technical side--both of those are pretty average and have their flaws, actually. What shines in this game are the characters. From their designs (can I just love how diverse their faces and body types are???) to their personalities and backgrounds and dialogue, everything makes them feel genuine and well-rounded. I swear, I came to this game for the fun and memes, and was completely swept off my feet by these stupid, funny, cute, INCREDIBLY LOVEABLE CHARACTERS.And because I loved these ♥♥♥♥♥♥s so much, rather than listing ""cons"" to the game, I'll call them ""suggestions"". My suggestions for improvement are:- Some lines of dialogue are said twice in a row with very minor changes in wording. I assume that's because they were in the ""common"" part of the route, butalsoinserted onto the specific scenario that followed whatever choice you just made. It didn't happen that much, but it felt really off. Maybe it would be better to just erase the ""common route"" line and tweak wording a wee bit for each character route.- Speaking of which, there are a few instances in which your guy of choice says something, and that something is THE EXACT SAME for every single guy. I think it would be better to change this a little to match each character's voice and personality more--for instance, it is very strange, to me, seeing Frankie and Miguel word something the exact same way in their respective routes. Because besides their mannerisms, their views are also quite different. Some guys are more sensible or insightful than others, so seeing them all make the exact same comment at one point feels strange.- A couple more CGs would be nice. For instance, maybe we could get one when Lucy goes out with her current guy during ""Alone Time"". The art in this game is lovely and I really wish we could get more of it.- More route-specific interaction would be great! Maybe just one or two more occasions to hang out, or a few more conversations Lucy could have with her guy of choice, etc. I feel like there isn't that much emphasis on the particular character you're going for, as most of the game is still ""common route"", and this makes the romance feel a little rushed.- IT'S TOO SHORT!! Okay, you guys may think my playtime [EDIT: which was 12 hours by the time I wrote this review, but I then re-played it] is enough for a visual novel, but trust me, IT'S DEFINITELY NOT. And I know this was released just this week, but I REALLY REALLY HOPE the devs eventually decide to release some sort of DLC, sequel, fandisk, WHATEVER. Just some more material with these guys (and Lucy, because she's an excellent MC), because I honestly haven't gotten enough of them and will gladly throw my money at whatever the devs come up with involving the same cast.Bottom line: this is an excellent game because of its funny dialogue; endearing, well-written characters; and lovely relationships (not just between MC and the guys, but also the friendship that the boys develop). Most definitely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,542200,30027606,Posted: 18 February,all,M_A_OAI,"I wish Steam had a 'mehh' button, because while I do like this game, I don't think the current build is worth the price.Pros-Cute non-anime sprite art-Engaging story-A writing style unlike other VNs that feels like a fresh breeze in the genre-Well written characters, not bound to some copy/pasta trope.Cons- I found a Renpy placeholder sprite, and a bug in one of the routes I played.- Not a fan of the art-filtered photos as backgrounds. For its price, I was hoping for self-drawn backgrounds.- Not enough CGs per route. I think there are 2 per route, unless  I'm missing some, but I don't think so.- Continuity errorsConclusion: with the current build (19 Feb 2017), I cannot recommend this game at full price. I bought it on sale, so it's fine."
,Recommended,542200,31090261,Posted: 11 April,all,dingus,"Pros:+Nice Art+Good storyline+Varied character design+Characters talk like real people for the most part+MC isn't a pushover, which is REALLY hard to come by in most otome gamesCons:-No romance for most of it, sudden romance at very end which is VERY strong (saying 'I love you' after kissing only a few times?? I dunno, I wasn't into it, even though it was cute I had to stop myself and go 'whoa, this is really sudden')-Repeated but unskippable text in the ending (reading the MCs arguement at the end over and over got a lil tiring)-Can't date DustinIf consistent romance and a lot of fluffy moments aren't a necessity for you in dating sims, go for it? I'm sort of neutral on this game but I'm gonna give a thumbs up because it's still better written and characterised than a lot of VNs out there."
,Recommended,542200,32818960,Posted: 26 June,all,Memelord Akira,"I am honestly so surprised by this game. I went in thinking, ""Oh boy a furry game"" but it stays true to the promise and there are no furries. Only cute dudes who turn into animals.This story was so interesting and the character development was incredible. I fell in love with Edmund IMMEDIATELY. Then Miguel. Then Kyle. And oh boy this game will 10/10 make you cry.I liked how the heroine (Lucy) was an interesting character herself and not as cut/paste as many otome heronies are. She was unique in personality and design. I loved her as well.I would recommend this game to just about anyone who likes a good fairytale story and fun dialogue (mainly from Kyle). Great job! Kudos to the creators!"
,Recommended,542200,30256754,Posted: 1 March,all,Moon2star22,"I absolutely LOVE this game. The writing is fabulous and the characters are so fleshed out. They really feel like legit people not just your typical ""otome"" trope guys. The diversity between all of them, the details of the time period they're from even the MC and how she acts and looks are so much more unique then in your average visual novel. It's been awhile since I've actually felt so connected and emotional over characters in a vn and it was so refreshing. Each guy and their story is heartwarming and I literally got butterflies in my stomach throughout the game from all the sweet tender moments the MC experiences with each guy. I sincerely hope trainwreck studios does another incredible vn like this because Animal Lover just swept me off my feet and immersed me into the lives of such genuine and lovely characters! <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,542200,30604159,Posted: 18 March,all,Vleryk,"This is by far one of my favourite otome-style games, tied for fave with Hustle-CatPros:+ Insert your name+ Boys have very different personalities+ Boys are flawed, human, relatable characters+ You have to really think about some choices, it isn't just ""which will make *boy* like me most?"" Which is rare in the otome genre.+ Lucy (default protag name) is sassy and independant+ Magic+ Animals+ Dillon and his pug.+ TAKE THE SPELL BOOK AND SPELL-BOOK ITCons:- Some (v few) choices aren't really choices, as Lucy will do what she wants.- No gallery feature- THE LAST LIVING PUNK-ROCKER- Magic not explained super well (and the devs actually have very complex, interesting ideas about it!)- Not really a con for me personally, but strong language throughout."
,Recommended,542200,32853867,Posted: 27 June,all,HashtagPandi,"One of the best dating sims I've ever played. Had me intrigued and giggly the entire way through. The dialogue is amazing and I love each of the characters! The achievements are easy, but rewarding. And yes, there's no furries. Don't worry. 9/10"
,Recommended,542200,30227510,Posted: 27 February,all,Randommeerkitty,"I've only done 3/6 routes (if you include the 'alone' ending.... if there is one?) but I have to recommend it so heavily.  The characters are all great and I like that, regardless who you romance, you still get to interact with the other characters - it's not ""what you don't have a crush on me, but rather someone else?  Well ♥♥♥♥ you, too!"".  The main plot stays the same regardless who you end up with and most of the same scenes happen in all plays but I don't think that's a bad thing.  I liked it, in fact, because it felt as if I wasn't judged for the route I was on at the time.In terms of characters, I ♥♥♥♥ing love them all.  The romance characters are all really nice, with pros and cons to each of them.  The antagonist's actions, while not exactly justified(like dude, teleport them away or make them forget you, don't ♥♥♥♥ing curse them lmao)didn't feel unneeded and the characters repented when they did something wrong which is something too commonly overlooked in romance games (like when the player is forced to go ""oh I love you therefore you can do no wrong!!"", no, in this, the characters actually acknowledge they did wrong and I love that).Legit my ownly issue with the game is that it's tagged with 'sexual content' and there isn't any, haha.  Sure there is nudity, but no sex!Anyway, I definitely recommend this game to anyone interested in a funny, sweet game with loveable characters and an interesting, albeit slightly cliched, plot!"
,Recommended,542200,33194957,Posted: 3 July,all,lelmore97,"One of the few $20 VNs that might actually be worth the price tag - depending on what you're looking for. My playthrough time of 8.4 hours is for one playthrough only, so it's a pretty long game. I'm used to VNs wrapping up in a much shorter amount of time.This is also one of the best written VNs I've ever played. I liked the protagonist because she felt like a real person, and all of the guys were fun and hilarious. Their interactions with each other were all spot on. SO MANY great jokes. The storyline was fairly compelling, not as straightforward or stereotypical as many games.The biggest downside, for me, is that romance plays a really minor role. It felt shoehorned in, unfortunately. As long as romance isn't the sole reason you're playing this for, you'll definitely enjoy it."
,Recommended,542200,33662512,Posted: 19 July,all,gospockyourself,"i've loved every second of playing this game; there were a lot of moments that made me laugh, and a lot of endearing encounters with each character. it's definitely a favourite. ♥"
76561198053277808,Recommended,542200,33493492,Posted: 12 July,all,ur fuckin kidding me,"Hilarious dialogue, which kept me entertained through multiple playthroughs. Consistant style quality of illusttrations gave me life. It's a breath of fresh air."
76561198016884110,Recommended,542200,34322036,Posted: 17 August,all,larp,"This writing in this game is excellent and the dateable (and non-dateable) characters have depth and conversation skills that are rare in otome games. They have interesting motivations and consistent personalities. Added bonus: the MC comes with a snarky personality! Yes! Any otome-style game that doesn't force me to play as a wet noodle is a welcome break. Also, refreshing to see a Western art style in what is typically an Asian-dominated medium.But alas, some cons - the main issue with this game is that once you play through a route once, you've experienced the majority of the game. The game's story is unique, and very cool, but it doesn't alter or expand much with different partner choices. The skip function in this game is also a little clunky, and while functional, requires more button-clicking than strictly necessary. Lastly, aside from the name, the MC also comes with zero customization options.This is a pro or a con depending on your preference, but this game is probably a PG-13? The CGs are nice (although there isn't a gallery you can re-visit them in), but you're looking pretty exclusively at kisses and cute animals WHICH I AM ALL FOR."
76561198031725579,Recommended,542200,34047137,Posted: 5 August,all,LG,"My first full play through, the only one where I read all the text, took about 5.5 hours. I've managed to get ""good"" endings for all the guys, although I haven't yet looked into whether the ""canon ending"" is only possible with one particular guy or if there's a version of it for each of them. (Edit: After looking through the Discussion area, I'm thinking the canon ending is only for that one character, which I'm cool with since I loved him.)Pros:- This isn't one of those stat raising visual novels - there are decision points where you have to choose between different actions and dialogue and that's it, thank goodness.- There were some nice funny moments.- The heroine wasn't a wet washcloth with no personality.- I actually kind of liked all the guys, although I did develop some strong favorites. My most unexpected favorite: Kyle.- I'm probably in the minority here, but I'm kind of glad the romance in this was just limited to talking, a date, and kiss here and there - no sex, even fade-to-black.Cons:- It takes a long time for the heroine to find and transform all five guys. Way longer than I thought it would. Also, if you go into this expecting it to be a dating sim, be prepared for it to also take ages for anything like a date to happen. Maybe two thirds of the game?- I wasn't a fan of the art style, although it eventually grew on me.- No art gallery. If you have particular scenes you like, you'll need to take a screenshot.- The whole ""trying to figure out how to change the guys back to human for good"" story felt surprisingly calm and unrushed. I was a little surprised there weren't more emotionally charged moments, considering that these guys were never going to get back the lives they used to have. Sure, there were jokes about Frankie having trouble believing in the existence of the internet and whatnot, but most of the guys took things really, really well. EvenKyleseemed to handle things well, until that one moment.While I wish the story hadn't taken quite so long to get going, I enjoyed this overall."
76561198346566486,Recommended,542200,34118538,Posted: 8 August,all,blackwhiteginseng,This game is rather beautiful. The characters were well written and had a very good dynamic with one another. It was an excellent story and as I am not a very good reviewer I'll just say that I am looking forward to what Trainwreck studios will be making in the future.
76561198401789694,Recommended,542200,33332305,Posted: 6 July,all,BorkGod,Sacrificed all my sleep to date a sexy prince.10/10 would kiss a hamster again.
,Recommended,542200,33621798,Posted: 17 July,all,GageGravemark,"This game...this game is a work of art on it's own. The art style is a bit rough but yet it fits well, the characters are loveable and well written, and the story....the story is one that would either make a great animation or even a comic. I laughed, I cried a little, and I fell in love with every one of these boys and the brave young lady helping them out. As someone who plays a lot of visual novels to savor the plot I definately say give this game a run guys and gals because it is very much worth it's price and time. I really hope to see more from these guys either as another story with different folks or even a sequel to this one. And to those who grab this game? I hope you enjoy it and will go for the endings as I will!"
,Recommended,542200,30439212,Posted: 10 March,all,thealmightym,"WAAAY better than I anticipated.  The writing is clever, the dialogue feels natural and damn if ferret boy didn't weasel his way into my damn heart!!Wish there was a way to view the CGs after you've finished the game, however."
,Recommended,542200,30346118,Posted: 5 March,all,mo,"I don't know what it is about this game but it wriggled its way into my heart and I was pleasantly content when I completed it! I've never really written a review before but this game has stuck with me through the past few days and I can't help myself any longer.Animal Lover is an enchanting story with an interesting twist as well as moments I couldn't help myself grinning. I was excited for the game a long time before it was released, always a sucker for a concept involving attractive bachelors and animals. Who isn't? When I saw the game on Steam I hopped on the chance to get it, I already had my eyes on a few of these lovely beasts.The story is great. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I found myself smiling quite a lot during the story and admittedly it got me laughing. It's nothing too thick and hefty but it catches your interest enough to keep you along for the ride. I will admit I would've liked for the routes to change a bit in terms of writing ( I get a bit uninterest when I have to skip large amounts of text I've already read over and over and over just to do another route ) but for the small bits I did get with each boy I have to say I was able to over look it. Not to mention I'm sure there were reasons behind it, be it time restraints or what not.The characters are absolutely charming. I don't know what it is but I got so attached to each and every one of them. I was charmed by Edmund INSTANTLY. The little bugger got me good, the rest naturally were the same. Each one has their quirk and admittedly I love the difference between each one.  Poor Frankie being teased for his lingo was a big guilty pleasure.I also actually really enjoyed the art for the characters! Being a stickler for anatomy I really was pleased with the animals and the boys themselves have a charming art style I can't help loving. I really really enjoyed the extra details to the designs of the characters like Kyle's hair color and markings, Miguel's hair instantly made me think of a husky, Frankie's ""whiskers"" etc etc. I especially loved that tidbit. The backgrounds weren't AS nice but not enough to bother me much.  10/10 censor method btwAll in all I would definitely recommend the game and I'm admittedly going for a second round haha. They had me at ferrets and puppies!"
76561198140306503,Recommended,542200,30457265,Posted: 11 March,all,ifearonlyhim,"This is a great game - good art, good story, good characters, fine work all the way around. My only major complaint is the big emotional drama centered around Kyle which gets dropped into the middle of the other routes. It's really off-putting if you don't particularly like Kyle or care about what happens to him. I would've preferred more focus on the guy whose route you're on. There are also a few minor bugs/typos, but on the whole, this game is well worth the money!"
76561198084816416,Recommended,542200,30021296,Posted: 18 February,all,Das,"Overall i thought the game was great but after completing the game i don't really see why there is a sexual content tag, call me a pervert but i was kinda hoping for more than what i got."
76561198410827251,Recommended,542200,34521690,Posted: 26 August,all,Alto_Conductor,When I first saw this game it did not seem all that appealling but after playing the demo at least 50 times I found myself like the game more and more it was very well drawn and I loved the dialouge between the guys and Lucy it was very appealling so when I was able I bought the game which I do not regret it may have been a little pricey but it was a very fun game to play and I really enjoyed playing through it and would definitly recommend this game to many people it was very well crafted in every sense Amazing artwork including both the characters and the backgrounds I also though the dialouge was very well wrote and looked like a lot of time and effort when into making this game I do have a note I would really like to see more with the endings maybe a DLC that adds more to each guys ending at least another date would be nice to see I would definitly buy this DLC if it were to become an actual product I am very satisfied with this product and would definitly like to see more games by the creators maybe even a second animal lover with a whole new adventure with guys that would be Amazing I give the game creators my deepest belief that this is one of the best games I have definitly purchased if the creators made more games I would definitly one of the people to buy them.
76561198018375237,Recommended,542200,33916978,Posted: 30 July,all,fizzleup,You get the false impression at first that the art is too cartoonish.  But the the texture of the pictures are much better quality than some visual novels.  Also you see a lot more changes in expression than in other visual novels.
,Recommended,542200,33985734,Posted: 2 August,all,Dofu,"9/10. Made me care about the boys, which not many visual novels or games do to me. Edmund and Kyle are super cute.That one part really screwed up my feels because I really liked Kyle.It's been 4 hours since I completed the canon storyline and I still have butterflies in my stomach."
,Recommended,542200,30929347,Posted: 3 April,all,Nemi,"This game is so damn good.I played a lot of my visual novels recently and this is one of the few where people actually talk and behave like real actually people. It's also not full of the usual stereotypes and that's great. I just wish there was a ""CG gallery"" to look at all the lovely art and some more music."
,Recommended,542200,29937250,Posted: 15 February,all,hughie522,"I've just finished playing and I can say I thoroughly enjoyed the story and characters (even the ones I thought I wouldn't like, lol). This is one of the few visual novels I've read, and it kept me enthralled from beginning to end. I may choose to replay it later to see if I can get together with any of the other guys, or whether I could have made different choices to affect the outcome. The character art is really nicely done, and definitely one of the game's highlights along with the writing and characterisation. I had a number of laugh out loud moments, and I found the game balanced the comedy and more serious moments well. I was initially put off by the photo-manipulated backgrounds but these grew on me over time. The music, though sometimes repetitive, is mostly enjoyable. Long story short: I love this game, and you'll love it too if you're a fan of magic, animals and reverse harems :P."
,Recommended,542200,30072315,Posted: 20 February,all,The Mint Pen,"Animal Lover has easily made it's way into my top 10 favorite visual novels, just after one playthrough. I'll admit I was very skeptical with the title at first since the whole animal/human combo character (or whatever you want to call them) aren't really my schtick. But the price was right, I had the money in my wallet, why not.The pacing of the game is something that is pretty slow, but not in a bad way. From what I can tell the game isn't necessarily  divided into traditional routes, where you make decisions and then spend 99% of the time with your chosen character for the rest of game. Honestly, the game itself reads more as a story of these six strangers who come together through the weirdest of circumstances and how they basically become a sort of support/family unit. The romance is still definitely there, that's just my opinion on the matter.One thing I really want to gush about is the MC. Oh. My. Gosh. She is WONDERFUL. Like the way the devs wrote her she feels so real? And there were things about her that I could specifically identify with or one of the choices that she could make was exactly what I was thinking. She actually has a personality and emotions. She gets mad, sad, annoyed, embarrassed. She acts strong but also has moments of weakness, she's an actual character. And it's just....so fricking wonderful.The other characters are all amazing as well, all the boys are distinctly different with their backgrounds and personalities. I'm really excited to read through the other routes and see what else is going on with them. Although, I'll be honest Miguel already holds the number one spot in my heart. It's gonna be darn near impossible to top that.The other important aspect of any VN, the story. Like I said, the pacing is a little slow, but it works. These characters have to take things a day or two at a time. While the plot isn't realistic, the pacing is. I never really found myself bored, there was always a new interested side character or plot moment around the corner to keep me intrigued.If you're a skeptic because of the title like me, trust the devs that that isn't what the game is. This is a game that will hopefully sneak it's way into your heart like it did mine, as cheesy as that phrasing is. Definitely pick this one up for your library."
76561198118106928,Recommended,542200,29996810,Posted: 17 February,all,LingeringLight,"10/10!It was kinda short for me though, depends on the person."
76561198042151691,Recommended,542200,29983417,Posted: 17 February,all,Atobe333,"I really enjoyed the story, the writing for this is very good. The characters have their own quirks, the banter is endearing though the romance kinda comes out of nowhere in the last two chapters. It wasn't forced but it definitely isn't the focus of the story. I've got two endings so far, both of which made me cry. The characters really grew on me.Could use a little more visuals but I feel they put their money in the right place, the story is excellent."
76561198069151573,Recommended,542200,33342296,Posted: 7 July,all,ChoboTobio,Surprisingly not as cheesy as I thought it would be? Also main protagonist is very strong willed and definitely not soft spoken... which is freaking nice for a change. Anyway I enjoyed it :D
,Recommended,542200,29954484,Posted: 15 February,all,Cobalt_Tea☆,"i've been following the development of this game for a while,and was super excited for its release. i bought it the moment i saw it was available and spent the better part of the day cozied up in a blanket playing through my first run.did it meet my expectations? absolutely. in fact,it doubled them.this game has a great story,lovely art,characters that i found myself growing to love very deeply as i played,and a great mix of romance,humor and more dramatic,sadder tones.i highly recommend you give animal lover a try,i'm sure it'll pass your expectations as well~ <3now if you'll excuse me..i'm going to go play through my second run of this lovely game."
76561198052385248,Recommended,542200,30049060,Posted: 19 February,all,GhostCat,"Animal lover is a fun and entertaining VN.I really enjoyed the story.  The guys are endearing and kind of grew on me.The art is lovely, (I would have liked more CG)I didn't complete all the route yet but I intend to do so.Most definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,542200,33526376,Posted: 13 July,all,Keisugay,"Came for Dustin but enjoyed the game itself. The writing is decent, I grew fond of the art as well. Was trying not fall under my own trope by going for Kyle; ended up liking Kyle to most anyways oops, however I did not appreciate how fast it went from being strangers to saying ""I love you"" in like 2 days, but hey it's an otome. give it about a 6/10 dawgs, couldve been even more buckwild, but it was nice. REAL nice"
76561198294617584,Recommended,542200,29958547,Posted: 16 February,all,Wexon,Overall it was so fun playing it but personally I really wanted more and I kinda need to play it all again for others route I need to fill all the plot holes
76561198235187072,Recommended,542200,29953349,Posted: 15 February,all,Silver Wing,"I definately loved this, the characters are very well made and the story is very fascinating! With so many possibilities I can definately see myself playing this one again to find out more! Excellent job guys!"
,Recommended,542200,32077363,Posted: 30 May,all,Cherry,"This game was amazing! I loved Kyles route, I haven't even made it past the other routes and I already want a second game :D"
76561198216449079,Recommended,542200,29970669,Posted: 16 February,all,FlutterSparkles,"UPDATED: While I am not completely finished with my playthrough (I finished two routes), I just had to share: this is one of the better otome visual novels out there! (I will update this once I do finish). I am ON THE FENCE with this VN even though I said it was one of the better otomes I dislike how its repetitive for each guy...there is no difference between the routes except for who you end up with. (Buy this game when it is ON SALE)Although this is not on Mystic Messenger level of awesomeness, I do believe this VN is good. It is not short. It has some depth and characters respond in a more natural way that you would expect them too. The MC is NOT your average otome VN character. The MC has spunk and is not afraid to tell one of the guys to BLEEP off if they are being kind of jerky. This is rather refreshing as many times the MC is bland, submissive, and does not have an original thought other than: ""He kissed me...but am still unsure of his feelings."" There is actual progression in relationships between the MC and the five guys. I like this as you do not just wake up one day head over heels in love with some guy for no reason other than the fact that he is hot (or rich...or both, really).PROS:-artwork (very different than your everyday VN)-music-storyline/plot-length (It is not short. Too often I shell out $20 and I can finish all story routes within an incredibly too short of time)CONS:-CHOICES...really dont matter except for who you end up with. For example in some VNs for whichever guy you choose you get a whole different story. Not so with this VN, its the same story for each one, which is kind of boring. The only difference for each ""route"" is who you end up with. After doing two routes, I may wait awhile before doing it-no voice acting :(-CENSORED MALE PARTS :'( :'( :'(-SKIP option is a PAIN IN THE BUTTI would recommend this game, but I would recommend getting it at a discount as when you are finished with one route...you basically are done with the game."
76561198050270250,Recommended,542200,29963614,Posted: 16 February,all,yonyonyon,So many beautiful (censored) naked men. 10/10
,Recommended,542200,29936567,Posted: 14 February,all,godless titty goblin,"there's a guy who hangs out at the mall equipped with shades, champagne, and a pug with a small wizard hat and says things like ""a wizard cruises on by precisely when he means to peruse on by"" 10/10"
,Recommended,542200,29933521,Posted: 14 February,all,I Brought The Donuts,"I was really excited for the release of this game like a month prior to its release today, and I was not disappointed with my first runthrough aimed at Edmund. At first it felt a bit slow trying to introduce all the characters, but as the story progresses, your dialogue and action choices start to create heavier impacts on the outcome of the game. Stuff happened, like 0-100 level actionI'm not sure if it was my fault for being unconvincing with my dialogue choices or if it was going to happen no matter what I said, but I might've made one of the characters kill himself by running into a car, and I did start to cRY OH MY GOD WHYAlso, the ending for me was really intense, and made me almost sabotage my entire playthrough's intended outcome. At the end, I was just like ""What the heck am I doing with my life? My math teacher doesn't even make me think this hard about my choices."" Overall, it was a great experience and I'm looking forward to discovering the secrets of the remaining routes and tweak the things I might've done wrong in  my first playthrough."
