user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,543010,30788517,Posted: 28 March,all,MJtheMC,"Ok. I can't explain how HAPPY I am to have a Hockey game on steam. Maybe now I can get rid of my Xbox One and NHL 17... I'm not so sure. I love the Sega Genesis style, but it just feels to be lacking. It is really hard to switch players. I wish it was more acurate and when you switched players it selected the player closest to the puck. The puck to ice physics are meh. The puck doesn't slide enough. The controls are not horrible, it would bve nice to polish them a bit more. I understand the Sega feel, but it just feels a tad clunky still.I really hope the devs stay on this release and we see some good patches. I would LOVE for them to eventually add ONLINE multiplayer, even at the barest of bones. Just let me play a match. I don't need rankings/leaderboards ect, it would just be nice to form a communtiy around this.If the devs read this, as I think I am the first person reviewing this, PLEASE continue to support this game. It has a ton of potential, even more so with a DEAD sports section on PC (Look at Rocket League). I'm loving it so far, and I for sure watched the leaked footage on youtube and still purchased Day 1. Please update this game!Edit 1: I'm happy to see the day after release they have already updated the game and acknowledged the issues and fixed them already! Keep it going devs! But uh, why do I have to go through the tutorials multiple times? lol.Edit 2: Today they updated the game, yet again. The list is extensive. Would still love the online multiplayer. I feel alone. :( Maybe even a shoot out mode. Keep the updates coming guys! This could be THE hockey PC platform game. There's no other competition ;p"
76561198005021764,Recommended,543010,30791100,Posted: 28 March,all,CampChampCharlie,"Edit - They fixed the only negative part.  It's a wonderful game if you enjoy the feel of older school hocky games.For 12 bucks this is a great deal, with only one real negative.The negative is that you have to do this odd story thing where you have to unlock moves.  I get what they're trying to do, it's cool you play more you unlock more modes, and skills.  But this is very clunky way to do it, and it's not fun having to get on fire three times, and score with same guy, just to complete a primary objective.  Win the game 9-1? Doesn't matter if you weren't on fire 3 times and fought the goalie...  I've won same game over and over, but have only managed to score 2 on fire goals so I'm stuck replaying this rather early game just to advance to learn and start fighting.Having said all that, this game and story are really fun, I played three hours straight and it works better than ubisoft games on release day!Looking forward to seeing where this game goes.If you liked the movie slapshot you'll enjoy the random stories that are told as well.8.5/10 with potential for a 10will update review in future as well."
76561197969046096,Not Recommended,543010,30791638,Posted: 28 March,all,adidas,"First of all, the lag on the controls is just awfull. I mean awfull. Having played hockey games for decades, this has far the worst lag on passing, shooting etc.It's a fun game no doubt, but really a mess from the start when starting the tutorial. You have to pass all the tasks given to you in order to get the advanced controls but at the same time you are supposed to use use the rookie controls but for my part they didnt work but insted you get the advanced controls with only passing, wrist shot and body check. Which all have a major lag in them.Be prepared to lose games in the beginning from left to right. The AI on rookie level is skating past you anywehere on the ice since you don't have the boost ability.....due to rookie controls, not advanced.I had high hopes on this game to be straight forward and fun. I did not expect any simulator hockey, but after 10 games I just quite. It's not fun due to the lag on the controls. And the fact that you cant use the same tricks as the AI in the beginning."
76561198071978698,Not Recommended,543010,31395499,Posted: 27 April,all,MrBean3180,"At least someone tried to make a hockey game for pc.  However, this one does not play very well.  Clunky controls, slow gameplay, and standard hockey elements missing (such as one-timers).  Pass on this one, hopefully it will not take 8 years for the next hockey game to come out."
,Recommended,543010,30789827,Posted: 28 March,all,konnamatti,"The game is great, old school gameplay and that feel is there. NHL ´94, Blades of Steel, Ice Hockey, you know it. The story mode is a great idea excecuted badly: it's just not fun that you can't do all the moves from the beginning. It's not fun to watch AI hooking your guy and you can't do it back because you haven't unlocked hooking. Just frustrating.I think skating speed was okay but goalies should hold the puck, not just shove it behind the goal all the time. Maybe we should even be alloved to do the opening pass, not just AI doing stupid passes randomly.Overall a very, very welcome release to long gone genre of arcade hockey. Get it, support it and they might make something really special of it."
,Not Recommended,543010,30791975,Posted: 28 March,all,justin,I love that theres a hockey game on steam but I dont like how you have to unlock controls . I dont like how the GK makes a save and you cant control him when he has the puck. He just dumps it to the side of the net.
,Recommended,543010,30821077,Posted: 29 March,all,ANDY,"Even if this game isn't without flaws, I would still recommend it to any hockey game fan out here. It has a lot to do to be the ultimate fun and violent hockey game to get, so there's my pros, cons and wishlist about this game.ProsUnique visuals and overall 70s ambianceThe ability to develop as a team in Story mode by gradually unlock controls (alot of people hate this one, but I think      it's a fresh way to learn control and add challenge to the game)The soundtrackUltimate fun hockey couch gaming with friends experienceOverall humor here and there in the gameConsClunky player selection (not fluid and intuitive like old and new nhl games)Forced tutorials during story games (suggestion in the wishlist)Some bug here and there (who's probably gonna fixed)WishlistOnline modeUnlock the controls and do the tutorial during team practices instead of games (could be shown in the calendar)Instant replay (even nhl 97 have this function on the SNES)Practice modeOverall, this a good and fun game for the price. It is perfect to play with friends in coop. If you want this game to be better and to offer more content, back it by buying it. You're not gonna help the game by leaving bad reviews because the game dont have features you didnt pay for. Play it, leave decent comeback, and be a part of the community."
76561197983143694,Not Recommended,543010,31147535,Posted: 14 April,all,G07CH,Controls are terrible. AI is terrible. I want to like this game. It's a shame to have such poor execution on a great idea.
,Not Recommended,543010,33584678,Posted: 16 July,all,g3ez3r,"Dear hockey loving devs, if you're out there - please hear my plea: For too long EA has had a monopoly on the NHL franchise, and I was really hoping that this game could at least be comparable in entertainment value for the sake that hey - it's hockey! Boy, was I wrong. The physics in this game are just plain awful, give and go's aren't a thing. Passing is a challenge. I thought maybe I was wrong, maybe that these guys didn't just pump out a title and get people excited about the PROMISE of a good hockey game to make a quick buck, but again - I was wrong.At worst it's so shoddily put together it barely resembles hockey.This game shouldn't just be another failed venture, hockey devs! You can make a really good hockey game, I believe in you! I just don't want people to pay money for this untl it's better."
,Recommended,543010,30813197,Posted: 29 March,all,TheFinnFTW (YouTube),"This game honestly has a lot of potential. I'm so happy to have a hockey game on PC and be able to play another hockey game aside from NHL. But there are some cons with it as of now. There is lag with the controls and you actually have to unlock the advanced controls. So basically you are playing on rookie controls while the AI is on advanced. The Story Mode is a very cool concept. I was wondering why my team was so bad in the beginning but then I realized it's supposed to be that way and your team will get better down the road. I do recommend this game, however, be aware that there are some bugs and chances are you won't be an all-star right when you jump in to your first game. At least I wasn't and still am not. Aside from that, I think this game could be really exciting. They definitely need to add a multiplayer feature though in the future."
,Recommended,543010,30813873,Posted: 29 March,all,Bjǫrn,"After a few hours of play to write this, I will change it from time to time hopefully.I've been waiting this game for a long time, since the trailers in fact.+ Nice atmosphere and cool ideas+ Soundtrack is great (ft. Leningrad Cowboys and more !)+ Story plot has a lot of potential+ Devs are reachable- Tutorial and Story Mode shall be separated, in order to play a full season (or more!) with full controls and really get the Brews to the cup (or  more cups!)- Controls are a bit slow/dull, and I'm not very harsh with them in the first place- Goalies are complete robotsRequests :=> Multiplayer=> Custom leagues=> ADD TEAMS (and their players) THROUGH WORKSHOP (I've been told by devs it was a possibility for the future)=> Team customization ? (Kits, gloves, helmets, etc... )=> Be a Pro career in the style of NHL, I know this is a tough request but it would be such a great thing !=> Radar ? Or at least a way to see where teammates are, so I don't end up doing weird passes to the opp. defense.I'm a little bit disapointed about the story mode, as it should not be a tutorial for so many games.Controls are weird but I might get used to them, I've played a lot NHL14 and I've always set the speed and stuff to be as realistic as possible, making some controls very hard. I feel a bit the same here on OTH so it's ok atm.Team AI and goalies AI could be improved, I find it hard to set up plays in front of the net. Also, goalies are robots that never freeze the puck and release it on the side of the crease. It's predictable and can bring weird plays.I love the ideas that drive this game and the overall atmosphere, which is why I bought it. Also, it's quite cheap atm.All the above make me think I would recommend the game, but it might be worth a wait to see what's tweaked and eventually added in the coming days/weeks/months."
76561198015025257,Recommended,543010,30932473,Posted: 3 April,all,Tito Starmaster,"It's a decent enough approximation of a hockey video game for the asking price.  Suggest they patch this soon to address the sluggish controls and tweak the story mode, because the occasional line brawl or ridiculous goal isn't enough to look past the major flaws.  And if you DO score a ridiculous goal, get a good look at it because there's no replay, which, come on now.EDIT:  The developers removed the 20+ goal crash, which was a nuisance.  As a hockey game, it's still somewhere between the early NHLXX games and Mutant League Hockey, which really isn't that bad a spot to occupy."
,Recommended,543010,30807615,Posted: 28 March,all,SpiritStrike,"Basically ""Slapshot: The Game"". Don't expect NHL17... this is old time hockey for sure. It's not about crisp passes and fluid skating -- its about beating the crap out of the other team like the good old days!Yes the tutorial can be a little tedious just to unlock certain controls, but understand they locked the controls to show just how bad the Brews are in story mode, and as you unlock more controls you gradually get better because you can do more. I don't fully agree with this method but its whatever.Still a super fun game. Most of the negative reviews are taking this style game way too serious. It has its flaws for sure, but this overall a very well done game from a brand new developer."
,Not Recommended,543010,30806871,Posted: 28 March,all,Billy Bear Pepperdick,"This game needs a lot of help.  Sluggish controls.  Quit my first match because I was down 10-1 in middle of the 2nd.  Controls are just way way way too slow.  I'll try it again in a few weeks after they've patched it up. But this game was not ready for release. Has huge potential. But like the trend in PC gaming, they release it and collect our money then we end up doing the final beta test.Another thing. Why the ♥♥♥♥ doesn't my team chase loose pucks?  Puck gets loose in the defensive zone and 99% of the time I can't get to it because my teammates are frozen.  ♥♥♥♥ this game is broken as♥♥♥♥♥♥I'll come back in a week or two, try it again. If they can figure out the control lag I'll gladly give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,543010,30789293,Posted: 28 March,all,xxxNeedlesxxx,"Ok I'm going to start by saying I really like this game and with a few tweaks this could be a great game. The problems that I have with this is the skating, passing, AI, and faceoffs(Advance controls). the skating feels so sluggish, I feel like I'm skating in slush. The passing is nice just why is it every time I make a pass my player comes to a dead stop to recive it? It should be one fluent motion right? The AI is relentless... especialy in story mode. Ive only scored 1 time in the 5 games Ive played, and the AI has not scored less then 10 in each game. When I shoot the puck its either glass, post or out of play. Which moves me to faceoffs, extremly difficult to perform in story mode. As stated earlier I'm not doing so well, haven't won a single faceoff (Advance controls). I know this game hasn't been out long and I still have to work at it, but when I can't even get pass the tutorials I have to believe that it my not be just me."
76561197972629151,Not Recommended,543010,31250486,Posted: 19 April,all,Dr. Grant,"Laggy/clunky controls, lacks content, weird objectives for single player, no multiplayer, doesn't switch to player you want when you need him, fighting is terrible and looks terrible.I really want to like this and think there's potential, it's just not there yet."
,Not Recommended,543010,30843491,Posted: 30 March,all,Monkeywork,"I desperately wanted this game to be great and wanted to put money behind hockey on the PC platform - sadly this title just doesn't cut it.The good:Fantastic presentation, hockey card collectables, funny (if not a reptative commentary), and I kind of like the low graphic cell shaded look.The bad:Gameplay...  Controls are sluggish, the AI (especially on goalies) is horrible,  advanced controls are locked behind a tutorial wall that is annoying to play through, and lack of multiplayer.My suggestion to the devs - go back and play EA's ""3 on 3 NHL Arcade"" game they released a few years back ... that's the control feel you need to hit if you want your game to be sucessful.   Doesn't need to be that fast but it it needs to be that fluid."
,Recommended,543010,31603590,Posted: 7 May,all,zmagnet,"I bought this game on release day and ran into a few minor bugs, but overall I had a blast playing it. I played both single player and co-op.The humor is spot-on. The difficulty was just about right.It reminds me of the old joke, ""I went to the Friday night fights and a hockey game broke out."""
,Not Recommended,543010,31158030,Posted: 15 April,all,Joechuk,"Way to clunky, just was not fun"
76561197970682603,Recommended,543010,30871435,Posted: 1 April,all,Maroszek,"Okay so the cheat code that lets you play Story+ (pick the team you want) put me from ""hmmm...okay it's fun'ish"" to ""hey I want to play this now!""  Don't get me wrong, the story looks like it will be interesting, but I'm really digging picking a team I want to play and doing a season.  Granted there's some things I would like to change (team management, line changes I control, etc.) but it's not what they're selling--it's a great little hockey game where a lot of love went into the teams, bio's, etc.  Great fun and if  you like hockey I recommend it.Pro's:Feels like your controlling the players on the ice and not hopped up jitterbugs.You can't just skate past someone and expect the puck ""not"" to get picked.You can choose to hook, slash, hip check, check, poke check...imho this lets you push the edge and risk a penalty.The sound effects and music clips capture an older era of hockey and sells it.Various control schemes.Controls feel responsive (Xbox 360 pad here).Con's:I'm not a fan of the weird on fire effects, glowing net, etc.  Just not for me.Forced to play one team in Story mode unless you put the cheat code in (or beat it on Story first).Sometimes team mates seem a bit ""daft"" and won't do what they should (note, don't see the other team AI doing this).Goalie doesn't cover up...like a puck vending machine.  ;)"
76561198310725187,Recommended,543010,30826958,Posted: 29 March,all,modano9,"For 12 bucks, its not a terrible game. Yeah it has its flaws and its no nhl 17, but as time and the bugs get ironed out, I think it'll be a great game in the upcoming weeks."
76561198029302696,Not Recommended,543010,30866070,Posted: 31 March,all,testicularexpress,Love the idea - hate the execution. So many issues that hold this game back. The puck dies on the ice when dumped. It doesn't travel the rink well at all. AI is flat out horrible. Constant GFX glitches (heads and sticks poking through the boards). The fighting in the game is useless. Passing the puck almost becomes a random event...you just 'hope' it gets where you are pointing. And not having the ability to play the puck out on a save is really weird. I think the game might be good when it hits v2 but right now it needs lots of work.
,Not Recommended,543010,32656973,Posted: 22 June,all,enderandrew,"Awful. Just awful. I just played 7 or so quick exhibition games on the lowest difficult setting with two-button controls as the best team in the league against the worst team and lost badly each time. My goalie would routinely give up a goal on the first shot from the worst team. If he did make a stop, he'd pass directly to the opposing team. The icon was never on the goalie and it never seemed like I could control what he was doing.Sometimes I'd have the puck on offense, but wasn't controlling the player either. The star icon wasn't on them and they skated straight and did nothing.Even when I was controlling on offense, I'd have a teammate close by, aim to them and hit pass and instead my player would send the puck in the opposite direction right into the boards and give up the puck.I lost 30+ faceoffs in a row and never won a single one. Maybe I just couldn't get the timing right, but there appeared to me massive input delay. I never once won a single faceoff and that is statistically impossible to lose 30 coin flips in a row.I'd press the button to change defensemen and it rarely switched to the closest one to the puck.I got in five fights and literally never threw one punch. Again, there are only two buttons and neither seemed to do anything. Again, this may be terrible input delay.Conceptually this looks great, but it was just frustrating and unplayble.I honestly don't know how other people are playing this game."
,Recommended,543010,33540614,Posted: 14 July,all,OtoSeli,"Personally I like this game really much, sure the game is rated as Mixed but...i dont really understand why, when buying this game don't hope for a title like NHL 2k series or NHL by EA sports which are franchises and have experience for many, many years. This game is made by V7 Entertainent which is low budget studio and thats way this game isn't as expensive like those games. This was my first hockey experience on PC since NHL 09 and I can say you one thing i liked this much more. This game is a sports game that gives me a very good laugh and also is very competetive. Some people are complaining about Story mode. Personally I love it, yes it can be difficult or tricky at some points but thats the meaning of arcade. If you dont't like it at all and you can't or you're just too lazy to complete the Story mode to unlock Story mode+ which is full season mode with any team you choose and without primary objectives then there is also a cheat code which unlocks the full season mode and other extras. Sure there are some minuses like wonky controls sometimes, missing keyboard support or some other, but developers are updating it and sometimes those minuses in game are those which make it so special. Also forgot to mention that i love soundtrack and artwork in this game.Overall: This won't be your ordinary NHL style game, dont expect to have the most realistic sports experience on PC, but this is really fun arcade sports game in which you will laugh and rage in same time and you will lose many time of your life. The price isn't the worse so you might give it a try. 7.9/10"
76561197999585381,Recommended,543010,31850566,Posted: 19 May,all,flp_ndrox,"This Game wants you to take the body.A lot of people are upset because it didn't match up with what they wanted.  Then again, this isn't a big budget title from a developer with decades of sports game experience and money for licensing.  And V7 isn't charging like it is, either.  Once you set aside your expectations, you'll find a fun little arcade hockey game that's long on atmosphere and is likely even better in local multiplayer than it already is in single.The BHL is a fun little league.  Every logo and arena is thought out, clever, and makes me look forward to getting a sequel.  Controls reward going for the showy big plays like point-blank slapshots and open ice hip checks over subtle moves.  The goalies aren't designed to be good, and within a dozen hours you'll find it easy enough to beat them and easy enough that you are forced to play good aggressive defense because the computer is NOT going to bail you out.  One-timers would really be overkill.  Actually passing in the offensive zone is unnecessary.The first team to send three opponents to the ice will catch fire, and how to use that fire is the strategy of this game.  On offense you cannot be knocked off the puck, you can deke, and your goals can anger the goalie (3 on fire goals make the goalie ready to fight).  On defense every opponent you knock over is going to be looking for a fight.  The choice is yours, and the risk in fighting is real.  I haven't tried multiplayer yet, but I imagine trying to get on fire will be the whole game.Three strikes and you're out is not a hockey rule, until now.  First player to connect three times wins the fight.  Lose and your player will really play poorly afterwards and start subsequent fights on strike 2.  If a player can't land a punch, they're done for the night.  Especially in the playoffs, losing too many fights like that will cause that team to forfeit.  The fights themselves have an odd draggy rhythm that isn't that hard to pick up.The humor in this game is puerile, but it did make me laugh.  There's some great easter eggs in the stadium signage.For the price, this game is really fun, and I look forward to seeing OTH2 sometime in the future."
,Recommended,543010,34530854,Posted: 27 August,all,Arkh,"This is a great arcade hockey game, most of the issues have been fixed and the game is still being  worked on. Once you get a hang of the mechanics it actually has some depth too!Oh and it's pretty much the only recent 3D hockey game on PC so it's not like we have any choice."
76561198146424718,Recommended,543010,30854194,Posted: 31 March,all,Kingsman Candarian,Excellent game so far even if the cpu is destroying me. Controls well but there is a lot to remember when using advanced controls which you'll need. It's like blades of steel from the nes days but way better. I'm very happy with this purchase
,Recommended,543010,30959002,Posted: 5 April,all,Erkenbrand10,"This is a fun arcade hockey game. The AI is challenging, well-placed hip checks are satisfying (with the added tension that if you miss the target you may be enabling a breakaway), you always get to pass to the intended player and you can score goals in many different ways (slap shots, wrist shots, off rebounds, semi-one timers after cross-ice passes, etc.). Gameplay can feel unresponsive at first, but after getting used to it (the game has a different rythm from other arcade or hockey games, even after a day-one patch) it is quite enjoyable.The story mode introduces lots of humour as you progress mid-way through a season to try and make the playoffs. You can't take decisions on the roster (you just play the games), but events keep happening (reminiscent of the movie Slap Shot), adding context to your games.Another plus is that the devs are approachable and involved with the community, with frequent updates and receptiveness towards feedback.Downsides are that currently multiplayer is only local and that maybe its long-term value is questionable, although maybe the addition of new teams, events for story mode, dynasty features (contracts drafting, etc.), modding tools, etc. might solve this issue.I definitely recommended it to all hockey or sports fans!"
76561198002189495,Recommended,543010,30865588,Posted: 31 March,all,rovaira2,"+ It's a Hockey game and it's on PC+ It's fun to play+ The controls seem pretty easy except the shooting is a little weird (I have a Dual Action Logitech controller. I went through these steps to get the controller to work:http://steamcommunity.com/app/543010/discussions/0/135512625256361255/)- You start with a terrible team, but at the same time you learn to play.Overall I say buy as you won't get to many sports games on PC and this is a pretty fun game. There are some codes I believe, but I'm not sure what all them are yet."
,Recommended,543010,30826071,Posted: 29 March,all,Allegiant,"A flawed, but fun take on nostalgic, beer league hockey complete with over the top hockey violence and poor refereeing. The gameplay isn't as tight or refined as the EA NHL games, as expected, but it does what it tries to do well. The biggest problem is, as mentioned, the control schemes/abilities/game modes being hidden behind an irritating tutorial. However, inputting the Konami code at the starting screen unlocks everything and solves this entirely.I would reccomend it at the price."
76561197992554160,Recommended,543010,30831341,Posted: 30 March,all,The_Dude,"The foundation looks pretty promising, my review is seperated in Pros and Cons. Here you go:Pros:+ Presentation style is pretty good and fits perfectly for a retro hockey game.+ Gameplay itself seems solid so far+ Music for such a small game is good.+ It's nice to have a story mode and unlockable bonus things.+ The dev seems to listen to feedback on the Steam forums.Cons:- Controls are very delayed and therefore sluggish. But it seems that they already submitted a patch to fix this.- Escpecially checking should be improved, it feels pretty clunky.- Graphics could be a bit better.Overall it's nice to have an alternative to the seemingly non-ending monopoly of EA's NHL series for the consoles. I hope that the developers are continuing to patch and update this game. If they do, this could be a pretty good game for all us hockey fans on the PC."
76561198065155056,Recommended,543010,30802042,Posted: 28 March,all,ArcaneSobriquet,"Hockey is my favorite sport, and it really saddens me that there aren't more hockey games floating around out there.  I find it hard to be enamoured with the NHL series because it really seems to take itself too seriously.  Many people are into the ""realistic sim"" sports games, but frankly, I'm not one of them.  I like the NFL Blitzes, NBA Jams, and Super Mega Baseballs of the world.  Games that feel realistic enough to be absorbing but ridiculous enough to be fun.  I'd been looking forward to Old Time Hockey for some time now, and I feel maybe a smidge disappointed.The game is competently put together and certainly playable.  I like the idea of the game happening in a 70's minor/beer league where the teams are from relatively small towns in America and Canada.  Passes, though they never seem to go EXACTLY where you want them to, are crisp enough that you can transition from offense to defense quickly enough that you can get some nice back-and-forth action.  The game's controls are a nice blend of arcade-style mixed with the modern NHL series liberal use of the right analog stick, which is just sophisticated enough to allow you to pull off cool moves but simple enough that idiots like me can hop in and not feel we have to go though an 8-week educational course to be able to play without looking like a spaz.I have plenty of niggles with this game though.  While I do like the 70's league idea, the visuals of the game, much like the actual 70's, is a little ugly.  Your teammate AI is pathetic.  Rule one of hockey defense: seperate your opponent from the puck so they can't score on you.  A regular situation in-game is your opponent streaking in alone with your two defensemen back and he casually skates between them and puts the puck top-shelf.  And because switching control to the player you actually WANT to control is an inexact science at best, situations where you are up 3-1 halfway through the 2nd period and let in 4 unanswered goals to make the score 5-3 are a little more common than I'd like them to be.The ""momentum"" mechanic is shaky.  How it works is that during gameplay, landing 3 big hits before your opponent does OR drawing a penalty, gives you boosts.  Your players get harder to knock down, your shots get more powerful, and handling the puck is easier.  Meanwhile the other team gets pretty much kneecapped for about 20-30 seconds.  It's supposed to reward you by making it easier to create offense, but call me an awful player, but my success rate is less than 50%.  More often than not, I get scored on before I can take advantage of my momentum.Old Time Hockey has a story mode, which is an interesting kettle of fish.  A sports game with some actual narrative is neat, and I admit, I have limited experience with it (only 4 hours at time of writing), but it's home to one of the most questionable  design choices the game has. In your first ""story"" you take control of the worst team in the league, and as you get better, so does the team.  I like this idea a lot, but now we get to the questionable part.  You unlock the 'advanced' control scheme bit by bit in the tutorial encased in the first story.  This, I'm guessing, is supposed to lend to the whole ""crawling out of the basement"" thing, and learning the game and getting better at it.  But it is frustrating as hell being schooled by the AI without being able to do half of what they can do.  It's a really long con, almost.  You have to complete objectives throughout a game in order to advance the story, and some of them can be a little unforgiving, especially when you have 2 tough objectives AND you have to win the game while the opposing team plays like a team full of Datsyuks and Crosbys.But the worst part of the game is one of it's selling points in the advertising: the violence.  The checking is a little wobbly, but works well enough.  It's the fighting I don't like.  Fighting in hockey video games have been little more than button-mashers and stick-flickers, but this game tops it.  It's like rock-paper-scissors almost, and the first person to get hit three times loses.  Post fight, the player that lost gets ""fatigued,"" which basically leaves that player virtually useless.  So if, like me, you really suck at the fighting, by the middle of the third period, your team is full of one-legged sloths that can't shoot or pass against a team who steamrolls your sorry♥♥♥♥♥I know the last four paragraphs have been the game's flaws, and most of that might be because I just rage quit out of it less than an hour ago, but I still like this game.  With a little bit of tweaking, it could be really, really good.  I moreso reccomend this game than not, and at the very least the price tag is reasonable.  If this game were $20+ I'd say not, but at $12, I say go for it."
,Recommended,543010,31103612,Posted: 12 April,all,Indie Beet,"Drop pucks, not bombs.V7 Entertainment’s hockey video game is an ode to the beer-drinking, minor league tough guys battling both opposing goons and the post-industrialization of the 1970s. It’s essentially the 1977 film Slap Shot.It’s also the first hockey game available on PC since EA Sports stopped porting over its NHL series back in 2009 — that’s if you don’t count the tremendous work done by modders to recreate NHL 04, but that’s a story for another day.Fans looking for a simulation game akin to the NHL series will be a little disappointed. There’s no Sidney Crosby or Connor McDavid. There’s no Toronto Maple Leafs nor even a mention of the National Hockey League at all.What you get is an arcade sports game with an over-the-top style like NBA Jamz and NFL Blitz. There’s blood on the ice, comic-book action booms come with big hits, and unconscious players have birds circling their heads.Players accustomed to the NHL series can play Old Time Hockey with advanced controls that use both analog sticks, but there’s also an easier two-button mode made to replicate arcade games of yesteryear. There’s actually even a one-handed “beer mode” that allows you to evidently hold a beverage while playing.Mechanically, you have the ability perform an array of defensive hockey moves, including: body, hip and poke checks, slashing, and hooking. Don’t worry, just like in today’s NHL, the refs won’t call much.Laying big hits can give your team momentum and put them “on fire.” In this state, the players are difficult to knock off the puck, basically immune to penalties, and score easier.Fighting obviously plays an important role in these rinks as well, and you’ll likely have chains of brawls to cycle through each game.There are only two major problems with the gameplay, the first being the inability to one-time the puck. It’s an absurd omission for any hockey game and should be fixed in a patch. One-timers should be the starting point when designing a hockey video game.The game’s AI is its other weakness. Your teammates are fairly useless at both ends of the ice, although their general lack of skill and awareness could be passed off as part of the minor-league level of hockey being portrayed. The real annoyance with the AI is the goaltending.If the netminder makes a save, his only move is to pass it to the back boards. He won’t freeze it. He won’t pass it to the open teammate in the slot. The puck always goes behind the net. Always. This, of course, can too easily be exploited.Despite the cracks in the ice, Old Time Hockey holds it own as a pretty good game. Where it really shines bright like a lit goal lamp is with its Story Mode. It’s a great touch to a sports game and V7 did a fantastic job setting a tone and atmosphere for the campaign.You take control of the Schuylkill Hinto Brews, based in Pottsville, Pennsylvania (about 2 hours northwest of Philadelphia). The Hinto Brews are clearly based on another minor league hockey club based in an economically depressed Pennsylvania town — the Johnstown Chiefs, popularized by the aforementioned film Slap Shot. There also are flavors of the 1970s Philadelphia Flyers, nicknamed the Broad Street Bullies.Like the Chiefs, the perennial-loser Hinto Brews struggle at the start of the season, and it’s your job to turn things around in order to bring a championship back to your struggling community and revenue back to your struggling team.Each game on the schedule has different objectives that must be completed, such as score a goal while a teammate instigates a fight with the goaltender. Don’t worry, if an objective is too difficult, you can simply go back to the main menu and reload to change it.V7 patched out a terrible feature that forced players to unlock controls as the season went along, allowing the Story Mode really showcase what the game is  — a goofy, sometimes crude experience fans of sport can enjoy."
76561198147143757,Not Recommended,543010,30804803,Posted: 28 March,all,Lone Survivor,"I love hockey. It is by far my favorite sport. Like-wise, I love the freedom of PC gaming over the limitations of console. The one genre of game I miss the most primarily playing on PC vs. console are hockey games... Boy do I miss the NHL series. To my surprise, a random search for ""hockey"" brought me to this title. Better yet, it was only a few days away from release. Today, I jumped at the chance to purchase and play ""Old time Hockey"". Unfortunately, it did not meet expectations.PRO(s)+ Great concept. 70s style rough and tumble hockey.+ I like the stylized graphics presentation. It works perfect for the 70's theme.CON(s)- The gameplay speed is way too slow... It's terrible. It's bothersome so much, I want a refund for this reason alone...- Controls are not responsive.- Terrible tutorialTL;DR:Avoid the purchase. Dev's - Speed the gameplay up. Hockey is a fast sport, this is slow, very slow. Awful. Improve the  controls. Lose the tutorial. Add online multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,543010,30882345,Posted: 1 April,all,Kykke,"Some of the negative feedback here could be my own fault because I was expecting the game to be very different. Despite the topic being old school hockey I feel the game is taking itself too seriously. The game pace seems too slow for arcade hockey. Also it seems to be missing one of the most important things on hockey games since NHL'94: one timers. I know NHLPA'93 had fighting and blood but everybody forgot it instantly when NHL'94 came out and it was solely for one improvement (one timers).When I play this game I don't feel like I'm in control. Especially shooting and passing is very clumsy and lacks any finesse and fluency. I already mentioned the one timers but the passing overall is so unpleasant that you rather just skate to the zone and take a slapper. The skating feels and looks actually pretty good but players should move much faster.I'm not too pleased about the controls either. The developers have copied the controls from EA's NHL-series, and while I understand it makes this game accessible for NHL-fans it may not be the best suited option for this game. Also I've never understood the point of putting checking to right stick because it's one action that basically should require only one on/off button to execute. Why not have the right stick to control your hockey stick all the time?One important thing in hockey games is the randomness and the one of most important things to achieve this is puck physics. I mean despite all flaws in presentation that's the one thing that kept NHl 2K-series alive for so many years. The great memories are born from incidents like ""Remember when you tackled my forward just when he was about to shoot one timer and the puck hit his♥♥♥♥♥and crossbar and then went in from the back of goalies pad. Man it was fun to watch replay of that.. I think I still have it somewhere"".Pros:- Presentation- Soundtrack- SkatingCons:- Shooting- Passing- Tackling- Repeative gameplay- No replays- AI"
,Not Recommended,543010,30802413,Posted: 28 March,all,Hellblazer_Sidekick,"I want to like this game, I really do. The PC hasn't had a hockey game on it for too long, and the style of game is pretty awesome. That said, there's some things that need to be fixed:For starters, this game billed itself as the retro control scheme hockey game. That is true, in exhibition mode. If you play the  Story Mode you are locked into the advanced control scheme. Worse, much of the achievements required to progress in the story are control based, meaning that if you don't earn to momentum AND successfully perform a deke with your player (no easy task with a Steam Controller), don't plan on playing the next game. I actually feel more pressure to complete the game's objectives rather than win. I hope a future update to the game allows story to be completed with different control schemes.Goalie AI needs to be massively improved, as there is currently no control over them whatsoever. I don't really want to play as the goalie, but I feel like if he has the puck I should be in control rather than the game's AI making a bonehead behind the net pass onto the opposing player's stick.The exhibition mode makes the game a more enjoyable experience.I hope updates allow me to write a more positive review."
76561198105562321,Not Recommended,543010,31092547,Posted: 12 April,all,#RiceGumIsABitch,"Animations are way too slow. Can't poke/check/shoot/switch players fast enough to respond to the computer. On top of that it won't let me change to my only defenseman on 1v1 situations, which almost everytime resulted in a goal from the computer."
,Not Recommended,543010,30824201,Posted: 29 March,all,BennySatto,"ORIGINAL REVIEW (Edits after updates are below)As happy as I am to see a hockey game on Steam right now, I cannot recommend this game at the time of writing this review. Like others have said, there are a few key problems in this game. My review is solely based on my first attempt at unlocking controls in the campaign before I quit in frustration (see below):-Lag/Control Response:Oh my goodness, it is bad. Didn't want to believe it but the reviews are right. I try to switch to a player who's close to the puck but by time it switches, the AI has flown by and out of range again. Same with slap shots, the speed of which I try to take a shot isn't relayed fast enough. Sometimes it even thinks I tried to reset and only does a wrist shot. Few other examples are when the puck is sitting in open ice and my guy skates over it and still does not take possession of the puck but the AI just skates by it gives it possession. Another is I will hip check someone and the guy stays bent over after the hit and hits another player away from the play which draws a penalty. Have the puck, try to pass in a specific direction to an open player only to have the puck not go in that direction and right to an AI player.-Objective based campaign:Look, I really had no qualms with this campaign mode when I had read about it. But after playing it, I almost came on here and wrote a 'rage quit' review because I couldn't stand the constant issues detracting me from enjoying the spirit of the game. While I get the dev wanted to paint a picture of team the was in the basement when you take over, I didn't imagine having to sit there and go through all these games almost feeling forced into losing each time. I couldn't tell you what the story is about because I am so tired of repeating this stuff that all I want is the bloody advanced controls so I can ignore this mode and just play some exhibition games. But I cannot until I either struggle through the rest of these objectives or just use the very boring two button option.-Other things that bother meSwitching to the right player is a chore. Every time I try to switch to a player on defense, I instead get stuck with the guy who is chasing the AI instead. This then leads me trying to hook, not making contact due to lag, AI going between the two defenders because they do nothing to stop the AI from crashing the net, and then scoring right on top of the goalie. Pro tip: don't hip check the AI if they are doing this. The puck goes straight through the five hole every time.My team that is AI controlled also does not react to puck movement very well. Like if I try passing to a guy who is wide open but is coming up the right side and the game lags and does a straight pass that's in his direction but not directly at him, the winger still just skates his ""route""  straight ahead and ignores the puck in open ice. Same with defenders. Goalie dumps the puck into the corner, my defense man does not chase it at all. By time I switch to the closest guy the AI has the puck and is shooting.Also, chill with the tutorial screens popping up every time the puck possession is in favor of the tutorial I am trying to learn.  I understood how to do a slap shot the first 5 times it popped up. The problem isn't that I can't do one, the problem is that window pops up, detracting me from the goal of attempting the slap shot, I resume the game and then between lag/response time lose possession and have to then regain it. Especially if I am still in the defensive zone and surrounded by AI.Finally, why the heck do I inherent a team that has 0 0 0 in all categories and play everyone who's at least got a 2 in each category??? I get that I have a basement team and they are supposed to be the laughing stock of the league but once again it detracts me from the game because I am constantly getting beat on both sides of the puck even on rookie.-Final ThoughtsI want this game to do well. But I feel like these problems are something that first need to be addressed in some capacity. I love hockey and since switching to PC really miss having a yearly option to play the newest NHL game. But NHL games aren't fun like this has the potential to be. If it was a little faster, reduced lag/control response, focused on the fighting and ridiculous hits, and let you choose from the start which controls you want to give you a hockey experience, then I would change this review in a heart beat.EDIT 3/30/17After an update last night, the game now allows people to use the Advanced Controls from the start. I removed the issue I had in the review about not having this from the start. Also, I don't know if this was also in the update but I also removed the comment about the inverse controls based on which way your team was facing because I saw there was an option to change that. Both of these changes are steps in the right direction and I did have some fun (though still losing by a ton) playing a few Rookie exhibition games. (Tip: If you were having issues with the AI running away with the game, turn on at least BHL offsides. It stops the AI from completely rushing the offensive zone and gives your AI time to get back and make a defensive play)As more updates come out, I will continue to update and comment on this review. I will say that this was a step in the right direction and I am actually looking forward to play more later today!"
76561198067109241,Recommended,543010,31212439,Posted: 17 April,all,DrummererX,"Imagine Blades of Steel, NHL '94 and Wayne Gretzky's 3D hockey had a baby.  This baby would be called OId Time Hockey, and it's a good 'ol time.The point of the game is to essentially intimidate the other team by cross checking, elbowing, and goading them into fights.  Once the line brawls start it can get pretty funny.  Stick fights are a nice touch.The hockey gameplay is decent, arcade-like and full of action. The AI could be better, especially on defence, but all in all it's a fun romp in the era of 70's hockey.I recommend this game if you like hockey, and if you don't like hockey, what's wrong with you?"
,Not Recommended,543010,33800951,Posted: 25 July,all,Guantanamo Bae,"I regret purchasing this game. Far from fluid, the controls feel clunky, every fight is a line brawl and takes away from play. Player skating feels like you're trying to control a jeep in GTA. Scoring points is just a matter of skating up in front of the goalie and passing into the net. That's if you manage to get behind the defenders who will line you up all day and make you regret stepping into their barn. One timers are non existent. I'm gonna go back to playing NHL Rock the Rink on PS1."
,Not Recommended,543010,32377234,Posted: 12 June,all,Jeb Bush,"1. the voice actor is awful and there are only like 5 lines of dialog he has so i had to turn that off at one point. 2. The graphics are awful. 3. Theres only 2 modes and no one is playing multiplayer. 4. There were many times where in the story mode i would play a team and beat them and then the game would not save and move me on to the next game, this made me have to reset the whole story mode which made me stop playing the whole game entirely. 5. the game also hasent been updated in months. 6. there are only like 10 teams and when you play as different ones they all feel the same. 7. the controlls are very clunky and not fun to play with. 8. you have to unlock things like the slapshot the more you play which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you should always have a move as basic as that avalible. 9. no customiseable options. the game is just so barebones and is fun for an hour or 2 but after that its unplayable. Dont Buy It!Score : 3/10"
,Recommended,543010,30932677,Posted: 3 April,all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"Old Time Hockey has a steep learning curve. You can play this game wrong. I was for a time. It honestly felt like the game cheats and it kind of does at times.You get into the game and immediately, memories of NHL on Genesis/Mega Drive come to mind. You play it just as you remembered.And then you proceed to lose hardcore.After several frustrating losses, the game's title will remind you of what this is: OLD TIME Hockey. You need to be aggressive. Not just in scoring, but to others. You WANT to get into fights, you WANT to bash people's faces in, you NEED to. Rack up that injury report as high as you can.Once you discover that? You'll realize Old Time Hockey is a wonderful return to classic hockey games but not so much as to be a simple retread. It has its own identity and style that Hockey fans will come to adore.This is a game I can highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,543010,31286018,Posted: 21 April,all,imCleverArtistName,"- One-Timers don't exist in the gameplay.- There's an excessive amount of fighting, which is hilarious, but the actual fighting is way too clunky and basic to be as frequent.- Veteran mode doesn't make the game harder, it just makes my team's goalie worse.  The exact same shots, breakaways, and ""outplaying"" I do just doesn't work.- When there's a rebound, the character isn't done with his cooldown so he can be activated to touch the puck again.- The gameplay is fairly slow and laid back to begin with, and the controls can't even keep up with it.  All fixable.The game is awesome.  So far, not too excited about the remake of an old style, but not keeping up with the actual old time gameplay.  Looking forward to all the tweaks which could make this game something I play at least once a week, forever."
76561198143840536,Recommended,543010,32705332,Posted: 23 June,all,Fygar15,This game is an amazing non-EA sports hockey game. It's fun and amazing and the fighting is very original.
76561198124061034,Recommended,543010,30801621,Posted: 28 March,all,truezzL,"just got the game and i like it a lot. it's not perfect gameplaywise, but i like the style and the soundtrack. it's a fun game and imho it's well worth the 12 bucks it costs. i'm glad there's a hockeygame on steam or even on pc and i think if it would get a little team and player customization and an online multiplayer that would be awesome! If you like hockey and/or if you like the movie Slap Shot (from 1977) - get it!"
76561198375914767,Recommended,543010,30808311,Posted: 28 March,all,Walt1951,"I love the game, and if they build on it, by adding a Be A Pro where we can be a player who plays through the BHL, in either a patch or simply a sequel. Another thing that is really needed and should be attended to immediatly is the goalie's lack of freezing the puck and the fact that we the player needs to control him, other than that its a great game, I'd love to see a sequel!"
76561198299329563,Not Recommended,543010,30852170,Posted: 31 March,all,Dentarthurdent1764,"I thought the negative comments about lag and speed were probably exaggerated. I waited for the patches anyway before buying. The patch notes claimed to have fixed the lag. If they have, I would hate to see what this game was like before.I will wait for the next few patches (and edit this review if needed), but right now this is not only the worst hockey game, it might be the worst game I've ever played.I wasn't expecting NHL17, but this game is slower and less playable than the original EA Hockey from 1992.In it's current state I wouldn't recommend this game to Boris Johnson, and I would happily watch that♥♥♥♥♥♥die in a fire."
,Recommended,543010,32960320,Posted: 28 June,all,Player Games,It is so much fun no lie i stayed up all night
76561197971273448,Not Recommended,543010,30840333,Posted: 30 March,all,XCalibur,As much as I would like to recommend this game in the current condition it's no fun to play. The controlls are WAY to laggy and sometimes not responding at all. In the current state it's nothing near a hockey game.
76561197970712395,Not Recommended,543010,30798067,Posted: 28 March,all,Groover,"I thought it would be a fun way back to the 90's nhl games.I played every edition since 1994, so you could say i can judge a hockey game after 40 minutes.But unresponsive controls, even with a good xbox controller, bad physics even for an arcade game, bad overall control feel AND - oh boy - NO REPLAYS? ARE YOU KIDDING ME???Replays are so much fun in hockey, i guess the developers were afraid the replays could show how bad their animation is...And the Fights are so lame. And another 1 on 1 fight, and another...Im pretty disappointed.TO THE DEVELOPERS: FIX THESE FAULTS OR YOUR GAME WILL BE FORGOTTEN AFTER 1 SINGLE BEER!"
,Not Recommended,543010,30826085,Posted: 29 March,all,Violent J.D.,"Let me know when a hockey game can defeat NHL Hitz 2003... Then wake me up. Because this definitely ain't it. Almost puts me to sleep atm. I'm still try to play this but good God, if the fighting sucks, the shooting sucks, the passing sucks, the movement sucks... What the ♥♥♥♥ am I playing??? Shuffle board.. I want a hockey game. Kmon now do something guys"
,Not Recommended,543010,31441336,Posted: 29 April,all,Stefan Effenberg,"way too less content (6 teams, ""story mode"" and exhibition matches), bad controls, bad fights. gets quite boring after a few games.the only positive thing about the game is that it is a hockey game for pc and its soundtrack."
76561198218981309,Not Recommended,543010,30796937,Posted: 28 March,all,bostonfan.dp,"DO NOT BUY, yet. The game is far too slow, you would think im trying to play NHL 17 on a PC from the early 90's. Hopfully this will all get fixed with time, because I love the idea. But to me the game was just way to slow to play. the control are great once you unlock them, but it is kind of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that they are not already unlocked. I really hope it gets fixed, but for now, avoid this game."
,Recommended,543010,31146889,Posted: 14 April,all,Freelancer,Its definitely a fun game for the $12 cost even though it has a few flaws and ultimately feels a little sluggish in the controls and shooting. Lack of true one timers kind of takes a bit of the hockey out of the game as well. Full review coming shortly but this is definitely a hockey game that'll hold me over until EA decides PC is worthy enough for the series again.Full Review:http://fg-2.com/2017/04/20/review-old-time-hockey/
76561198044882978,Not Recommended,543010,31164779,Posted: 15 April,all,SAOyeah,Nice two button fight. worst controls ive seen in 40 yrs.
76561198093811675,Recommended,543010,30840289,Posted: 30 March,all,GamerByDefault1,"A new hockey game on pc is something that the  hockey comunity have been waiting for, for years. This game delivers a fun experience for any causal gamer. At launch this game had various  gamelay flaws. However, after a rapid pacth was released, many of them were fixed making the whole experience much more complete. I see great potential in this game and I see as well dedicated developpers that are willing to continue the support on a project that many hockey fans are quickly joining and creating a growing comunity. I see myself putting a good amount of time into this game in the future and I would recommend this game to any hockey fan that is looking for a solid hockey game on PC."
76561198024486777,Recommended,543010,30828580,Posted: 30 March,all,Alek The Great,"Love the style and the arcadey gameplay. Took me some time to figure out you are supposed to unlock the full moveset over matches in story mode and are expected to lose the first few (you actually only really want to focus on the objectives especially at the start), but that seems to have been changed due to a lot of people not liking this approach.While a bit frustrating at the start, I actually liked this aspect as it really felt like you are starting off as a team that's a complete mess and slowly build up your abilities. That said, they new update seems to still keep the challenging objectives and the goofy gameplay intact.The hip check is incredibly powerful, sending players flying and laying out a few successive hip checks has got to be one of the most satisfying things I've done in a video game in recent memory.Have loved the music and sound effects so far as well and I even love the style of the menus.Yes there are sometimes weird and unintuitive moments, like getting used to how goalies handle the puck and the player cycling sometimes does not select the player I'd hoped for, but overall I've had a great time with this game."
,Recommended,543010,30891155,Posted: 1 April,all,El Hijo Del Salvo,Simple but fun hockey game. great sense  of humour
76561198309224550,Recommended,543010,30837430,Posted: 30 March,all,ViktrTheDriftr,"I love this game devs if you see this. 10/10 potential. Finally, us hockey fanatics have a hockey game other than EA which i havent played since nhl 2004(mods). I love old school hockey and you guys have perfected the animations and ambience of hockey. The models are great, the blood, the colors, the skating (i can watch all day) and shooting animations (slap shots could look a bit more tight though but wrist shot animations are the best ive ever seen no joke). Advanced controls are really in-depth and cool, nice job.Realistic wishlist:-Player lock (maybe at choose sides) (includes goalie selection-will fix goalie dumping the puck to the side of the net everytime)-More spontaneous fighting. Not so frequent fighting will help us appreciate it more. 3 Line brawls in a game is funny but tiring when we want to win games. Maybe a frequency bar. Maybe suprise knockouts, and more fighting moves (ground and standing) and jersey tugging. Maybe more tripping, bench interation and even flatout in game injuries where the player gets replaced.-IMPORTANT Output Delay Fix. There seems to be a ""lag"" that everoyne mentions when they bash the passing and shooting in-game. I like it visually and appreciate the fluidity and I noticed the split second delay for when we press either the shoot or pass button, actions don't happen immediately which is frustrating at times. This issue fix will make everyone more patient with this beautiful game!-If possible maybe a custom camera or camera settings applied to the given cameras (zoom, height)-Keep alternate jerseys locked until story completion OR give us more to work for like the ability to unlock a special move during fights like an elbow or a headbutt, gut punch, knee.-Make Big players the obvious ""hammers"" or ""enforcers"" (sometimes the enforcer is NOT the biggest), or instant knockout capabilities if we're an average player, equally make the small guys fast with a longer speed burst (or longer hustle). P.S. The short burst is perfect for the time period!-More rare dekes, fancy passes, board pinning, team plays, player hops over knocked out teammate on ice (haha) or leaping shots (bobby orr)Stretch/Long Run Wishlist (DLC):-Some form of Online Multiplayer (Team matchmaking 1v1 2v2 3v3 etc. Where we can choose sides like in exhibition)Would be cool to include tournaments, points, leaderboards etc. I know how much work this wish could be, if you guys need resources, money, more support, let the community know. Please don't pull the plug!!!-Some form of customization. Possibly a custom team with/or access to trades and signings, maybe a late 70's expansion era mode (realistic cause it actually happened).-Some form of playing one player's story kind of like others have mentioned Be a Pro (if players could take a created player of theirs into storymode they would feel more connected to the game overall)THANK YOU V7 for awakening my love of hockey. I will continue to support you guys with every little thing you do and every little change to the game. Ive tried to compile a lot of ideas for you guys to think about. Listen to the fanatics and listen to the criticism because in every pile of crap there is always something to take away from it. The community will help Old Time Hockey be the new sheriff in town. This game WILL SUCCEED just with the simple fact that you guys are accepting and dedicated to improving this gem."
76561198110073193,Recommended,543010,31010244,Posted: 7 April,all,OLD FRESH ™,"Good game. Tickles a nostalgic nerve for older gamers and hockey fans. Instead of NHL teams, it features a fictional league with it's own lore. It looks similar to the EA hockey games you grew-up playing in the early to late 90's, but it lacks much of the depth and features. The controls cannot be re-mapped, but there are a few different pre-sets to choose from. I was able to pick-up the game and immediately outscore the medium level AI-competition just as if I was playing NHL '96 on Sega Genesis.  The game does not control as well as those old classics, but it's not as bad as most of the negative reviews claim. Although you can set-up and play exhibition matchs, the game focuses on it's 'story mode', which puts you in the shoes of a pre-chosen 1970's era failing bush-league hockey team. This mode is more interesting than it sounds, but having to playing the season with the same pre-defined team may not lend itself to replayability. Hopefully there are other unlockable modes, or the unlocklable ability to play the story/season with a team of your choice. Besides that, the game features nostalgic-looking fictional hockey cards to collect/unlock, and a surprisingly good soundtrack. I don't write my reviews in point-form. That's for people with 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder'. If you read all this, you've earned yourself some pudding."
76561198194331629,Recommended,543010,31451560,Posted: 29 April,all,RoboticComa0005 (im trading),best hockey game on steam i recommend you get this game it even has a great story mode :)
,Recommended,543010,30969587,Posted: 5 April,all,Leon Brahtsky,At first I this game was a little bit of a letdown. Now the game is fun and the devolpers are on top of their stuff constantly updating the game. My problems are how percise the controlls have to be (having an issue dekeing because controls have to be exact) there is no fluid hitting (to hit someone you have to hit the button you cannot just skate into them) and switching players need to be refiind (never selects the right person). Other than that I'd highly recommend this game!
76561198132308362,Recommended,543010,31004110,Posted: 7 April,all,TitanThanos,"I dig this game. Yes, the controls are sluggish. But if you are a fan of old NHL video games from the early 90's and the movie Slap Shot... you will like this game. And for only like $12... it's not bad"
,Recommended,543010,30957021,Posted: 5 April,all,heartagramguy,"I see a lot of hate on this game... and i'm here to give you an unbiased review. This game is pretty good. Is it too slow? I don't think so. Is it clunky? I don't think so. The game could use a little improvements, but for the 11.99 price tag, can you really complain? Nope. There is arcade controls, advanced controls and they both make the game play different, but good depending on which style you wish to use. The developers have already released like 7 or so updates, including keyboard support and this game hasnt even been out one month. That's more than you can say about most developers now days. I personally don't think this game deserves all the hate it gets. I have nearly 4 hours into this game and I can't recommend it enough. If you buy this game thinking its NHL Hitz, you're in for a bad time. But if you liked the idea of NHL Hitz and want an original game thats SORTA similar, grab it. I'm not that huge into hockey and I have had plenty of fun with it.TL;DR : Not NHL Hitz. Devolopers stay on top of this game. Get beer and play this game ASAP."
76561198015735389,Recommended,543010,31050159,Posted: 9 April,all,buzz3,"Old style hockey game, reminiscent of 1980s games with modern twists.  Totally retro and very cool.  Controls can be difficult, but the game now has keyboard support as well as universal gamepad support via the x360ce utility.  Developer support has been very good, as the developers have listened to player input and are constantly updating the game according to customers' wishes."
,Recommended,543010,30856667,Posted: 31 March,all,Ice Cream Jonsey,"Really fun ""semi-retro"" hockey game that worked flawlessly with my Steam Controller. The developers are engaged and care about making this the best product possible. You can ignore most of the day one negative reviews because the developers had a story mode (which is awesome, by the way) and it blew the minds of a lot of people.A word about the story mode - I've played hockey games on various systems for my entire life, going back to Hat Trick in the arcade or that Activision hockey for the Atari. Nobody -- before Old Time Hockey -- ever tried to create a feeling of running an awful team that seemed hopeless before these guys did so. I *liked* the fact that for my first three games the computer had access to moves that I didn't. I liked the fact that I slowly gained ""powers"", if you will, in story mode. Would I want all hockey games to be like this? No, but after 30 years of playing them it was AWESOME to see developed attempt to get a specific emotional reaction.A reaction that unfortunately lead to a lot of kiddos embarrassing themselves on here.Don't listen to them - the devs are taking all feedback and giving everybody what they wanted. This game is EXACTLY what indie games on Steam ought to be.I have one last comment. In Old Time Hockey there are times where two fights break out at the same time. You play them serially, but  I have still never seen a hockey game where one fight broke out after another. So many sportswriters are weird about fighting in hockey, not understanding the role it plays and I love, love, love that this game is unabashed when it comes to the violence. OK, I have one additional comment, which is ""Fire Gary Bettman"" but that's not really about the game."
,Recommended,543010,31179002,Posted: 16 April,all,Zachary Starfucker,"6/10pros:its a hockey game on PC in 2017its playable.nice soundtrack and audiotvery casual playstylecons:controls feel clunky and slow.i dont think the attributes mean much. you can score with any player pretty much all the time until they get hurt.the A.I. is a little lack luster.  once you unlock the full controller ( more on that below) you will win just about every game .you have to unlock the full controller in story mode  , to use it on exhibition . the only reason i imagine for this is to get people to play the story mode a little .no online whatsoever. this is less of a con and more of a ""i could like this feature some days and not so much others""conclusion;i bought this to support the only hockey game on PC right now. it's not bad, and i hope it does well enough for devs to get the finesse aspect of hockey down. that being said, hip checking,clotheslining and straigt up smashing someone over the head with a stick is fun. praise kek and go Bruins!"
,Recommended,543010,30871455,Posted: 1 April,all,Demon of the Depths,yes
,Recommended,543010,31044586,Posted: 9 April,all,Nya Sverige > New York,"It is a lot of fun. Controls and story mode could use some tweaking. As long as this game continues to get support from the developers, it is good. For what it is worth, I've never had a problem on my PC.Pros:BrawlsHilarious goals and shotsSmashing a linesman with a hipcheck is good funIt captured the 70s very well.Cons:Controls need to be tightened up. Especially in fighting, I don't know what timing a good dodge is, it seems a tad random."
76561198027923753,Not Recommended,543010,31141042,Posted: 14 April,all,Truffinator,"Game is just not good. Gameplay is clunky and the AI is not good. Most of my goals against are the defenseman who got the puck from the faceoff walking in and scoring while I struggled to switch to the person I wanted then I struggled to hit the guy because backwards skating doesn't turn off correctly, then I struggled to hack or hook them due to some jankyness. The only thing that feels good in this game is slashing the puck away from someone. Everything else is not fun. Shooting is not fun, deking is non-existant, passing is slow and unresponsive.Story Mode is boring as its basically just the gameplay but with objectives. Objectives like hook someone twice! How fun.Presentation is horrible. Skate sfx are loud and annoying and only play on turns so it is erily silent when you are not turning so you get to choose from loud or nothing. After a goal is scored you have to watch some stupid canned cutscene every time which is worthless. Says you can hit the ref to stop penalties but the ref is almost never on screen so its impossible. Commentary is wrong most of the time and the stitching of names is clunky matching the gameplay perfectly.I guess I just can't see someone thinking this is a good purchase. Needed more polishing in developement feels like they ran out of cash. All of these things bother me but what bothers me most of all is the game is just not fun or entertaining and I had high hopes."
76561197977363007,Recommended,543010,30827145,Posted: 29 March,all,BlueOrthodox,"By no means a perfect game, especially since it lacks online capabilities, but fun nonetheless. Still a compatent and fun throwback hockey game. Think SlapShot made into a video game."
76561198302905288,Recommended,543010,31071836,Posted: 10 April,all,DefNotInISIS,Its like NHL 94 with blood and acardey type graphics. Plus it has the dekeing and shot aim of like NHL 09. Very enjoyable so far
,Not Recommended,543010,30797007,Posted: 28 March,all,Budget Gorbachev,"Lots of passing and shooting lag, horrible ai and useless goalies. Goalies are uncontrollable, let goals in like swiss cheese and constantly dump the puck in the corner even if there are players from the Opposing team there. You can't used the advanced controls either until you unlock them from the tutorial meaning you have to get destroyed game after game to unlock the controls that give you a tiny chance. Also the opposing goalies stop everything. One game I outshot the other team 25-10 and lost 4-1. Overall not worth the money. The more I played this game, the more I wanted to run nhl 94 on an emulator. Maybe they will fix some of this in the future but for now, avoid it."
76561198062448284,Recommended,543010,30800353,Posted: 28 March,all,Joppe,Finally a good hockey game which is not made by EA! Controls are little bit weird and gameplay on some parts but its still good game. 70's theme is 5/5 and the fighting is pretty exciting in this game.
,Recommended,543010,30801796,Posted: 28 March,all,Sriracha Sauce,"If Slapshot was an arcade video game, that would be it."
,Not Recommended,543010,30800920,Posted: 28 March,all,The Rarest Pepe,"I'll make this quick:1. Having to unlock advanced controls is a ridiculous design choice. You can unlock them by using the Konami code at the 'press A' screen (thanks to a guide in the community section), but still.2. It feels slow and unresponsive. Considering this is supposed to be like the arcade NHL games, it honestly feels slower than the ""simulation"" ones. It's terrible when I'm trying to switch to a player closest to the puck, and the game decides to switch to two other players further away before finally getting me to the player I want.3. The controls work in a weird way - when you are playing from the ""upper"" side of the rink, it's down, up on the right stick to do a slap shot, but playing from the ""lower"" side will result in you having to use up, down on the right stick. You end up messing up shots. However, it also seems that you can't properly aim shots either. It's a shoot and pray situation.4. Resolution is capped to 1080p and framerate is capped to 60fps. I'm on 1440p and 144hz. The framerate I can deal with, but 1080p on 1440p looks bad, and will look even worse on 4k screens. The profile file is encrypted, so no manual editing available.5. The commentary. The delivery isn't all that great, but what's worse is that you hear the same lines over and over again. Sometimes within a few minutes of each other.6. The graphics. They could be so much better than this. Sure, indie team and all that, but the players look like they're out of the PS2 era. I get that they wanted the old school style of game, but that doesn't mean you should hinder the animations and player visuals.In short, if you have a console, stick with NHL games. This has a bit of blood and is a bit more lax with the rules, but that's about it. Definitely far inferior to the NHL games in essentially every way. It's a shame, I was hoping for a fast paced violent hockey game with tight controls as an alternative to the NHL games."
76561198085842086,Not Recommended,543010,30807983,Posted: 28 March,all,skz_rune,"As much as it kills me to write this, the game, at least for me, is not in a playable state. Game crashes if you look at it sideways, especially in story mode (crashes after the 3rd period, before game completes and saves, thus negating progress). Combine that with no online multiplayer (which anyone who bought this Day One knows anyway) and its a tough sell. If one of those, preferably the stability issues, could be fixed, I feel that this would be a better pickup. Its a shame too, because hockey games on PC is a void. I'm dissapointed."
76561198020364490,Not Recommended,543010,32582756,Posted: 19 June,all,Kroxldyphlike,"This game is absolute garbage and would be overpriced if it were offered free of charge.  There's a constant latency to every command which makes it feel as though every action needs to be beamed to and from the moon before anything happens.  The AI for your own team frequently makes baffling decisions like your defensemen running off to do defensemen things behind your net immediately after a lost draw which allows uncontested breakaways pretty consistently.  The concept sounded great, but the reality fell so far short as to beggar the ability of the English language to describe it.  Save both your money and time and just move on, because the wait for another decent hockey game continues."
76561198143354050,Not Recommended,543010,32232009,Posted: 6 June,all,dumbdawg,this game is no where near NHL hits which a review stated it was. this is far away from that game which is unfortunate because its the only game ive seen on pc. this isnt a game you can have fun with the controls are hit or miss and you do what you want 1/4 of the time i may rebuy this game when it gets updated but its unplayable.
76561198372752639,Recommended,543010,30917699,Posted: 3 April,all,cringehumor,Really fun and addicting. Can't wait to see this game continually grow!
,Recommended,543010,31143501,Posted: 14 April,all,Deke,"My first review in years & years of gaming.If you like hockey Buy it.If you like old style hockey buy it and tip them.Every single gripe I have had since the day of launch has been fixed within days of me noticing it.You just can't get better than that, great team.I've just finished the 1st round of the playoffs in the story mode, going to bed but will carry on after work tomorrow. (can't wait)"
76561198291975110,Recommended,543010,33442058,Posted: 10 July,all,ClemHFandango,"The game isn't perfect, it doesn't have the polish of an EA sports title or other so-called sim. But so what? It is fun, a lot of fun. The gameplay is reasonably good and the fights are a good laugh, I really like the fact you can target players who are up for a fight then batter seven types of sh*t out of them. There are things that could be improved, maybe some more commentary, online matches and a more in depth career mode, but those are minor issues. If only someone could make a football game like this, I would never buy another FIFA or Pro Evolution game ever again."
,Recommended,543010,30796326,Posted: 28 March,all,iDmC,10/10
,Recommended,543010,30796456,Posted: 28 March,all,CZ_Strider,"A tough game with a steep learning curve, but so satisfying when you finally start winning."
,Recommended,543010,30791150,Posted: 28 March,all,Dom,"Recommend Update after patch: After unlocking the controls in story mode, the hockey part of the game makes it playable. They fixed the crashing story mode.Keep the good work. Could we see a one timer feature soon?Support the game, it has potential. Just don't expect to be playing NHL 17. This game has already a better feel than EA TPS."
76561198091176242,Recommended,543010,32957048,Posted: 28 June,all,Soviet Shore Trooper,"This game has a very arcade feeling to it don't go in to this with hopes of it playing like NHL 17 set in the 70s. The fighting in this game is fun, but it is mostly button mashing. Story mode has a very challenging start to it with your goalie only having a .259 save percentage. Over all this is fun party game to play with friends."
76561197968357855,Recommended,543010,30803877,Posted: 28 March,all,Bonesjustice08,"Its hockey.Its on PC.The graphics are about PS2, but has an interesting look. Its hockey on PC.So, to the developers. Keep my money, I dont care. To other developers, if you make hockey. I will give you my money regardless of how bad it is. :)Update: After more time playing and some updates - The game is finally starting to grow on me, this is not NHL EA series, but after some time playing. Its not too bad. The controls, gameplay need to be updated still.When you can execute a shot, pass, one-timer and rebound on net without lag. And adjust the goaltenders (your goalie can get scored from anywhere, but you have to score on them mostly by crossing the crease and deking) goalies need to be more balanced. Fighting could be improved as well.I have to be fair now, because I'm still playing this game. And I only paid $12 dollars for it. If they can at least address some of the gameplay issues, that would help this game so much."
76561197963973496,Recommended,543010,30797175,Posted: 28 March,all,[GA] Doops,I'm just happy to have a hockey game on steam.. I'll take anything at this point!!All in all not a bad little hockey game if you're looking for some couch multiplayer action! Price is Right$ and the rough side burn 70's theme really is awesome!w00t MooseJaw!!!
76561197989934853,Recommended,543010,30793363,Posted: 28 March,all,Anfield,"Such a great game, and with a few very small changes, this game could be amazing. It is what it is**Cheap Hockey on Steam!** well worth the 14.99.."
,Recommended,543010,30797878,Posted: 28 March,all,-=PR=-_Miller,"Update 3: they added a ""cheat Code"" that unlocks custom story mode which is bascially season mode with no primary objective. Now its a true 1970s hockey game where u go out and try to win. Well worth the money now! I Would say buy this game now!UPDATE2: looks like they got rid of the mission so ill recommend it now. some controles seem better but now if can get rid of the objectives and just play hockeyUPDATE: I have received a reply from the devs saying they plan to release a patch in the next few hours to address the crash in the goalie mission (and hopefully fix the mission) Once i see the change I will update to a thumbs upOk let first off start by saying i like this game and pains me to give it a thumbs down....I WILL CHANGE THE REVIEW WHEN THEY FIX THE GAMEthe game at its current state is fustraiting and the devs didnt seem to listen to many of the pre release critics..1st for your 1st eight games u will loose.. cant do anything about it but ull loose to get the point across that the team sucks. So then you finally get to the mission where you have to win! great they dont hold you back! i won the game....but i cant advance....why. because like other had said- the primary objectives are insane. I have spent 2 hours on all diffuculties trying to score a 3 goals with the same player while on fire (which can only be acheived by nailing so many perfect checks).....its insnane...everytime i get 2 fire goals...the goalie blocks every 3rd goal...and yet i cant advance. THE ONLY TIME I BEAT THE THING THE GAME CRASHES RIGHT WHEN FIGHT STARTSNext...the controlles do lag on certain things. I havnt had a passing lag issue but i have had it where the player just randomly pass the puck around despite who your aiming at if a large cluster of player form.. Also the checking doesnt work half the time for me. Hip check, poke, slash, all work flawlessly but not body check. its a 50-50 whether it works or not. sometimes ill just bumb into the player and nothing happens depite hiting the control...other times ill get the check from a position that makes little sense.these are the only issues i have with the game but the 1st point is a major issue. if they get rid of the stupid tutorial crap---then its worth a buy...untill that- its just fustraiting meaningless gameplay. Your not trying to play hockey or win...your just trying to meet pointless objectives"
,Not Recommended,543010,30801449,Posted: 28 March,all,Dankpool,refund simulator. please EA port nhl 18 to PC
76561198007364655,Not Recommended,543010,31063718,Posted: 10 April,all,theglenlivet12,"Game was a loss-fest from the short time I played it which wasn't too bad. I got a refund though once I realized that you can't remap the buttons to your liking. Sorry but I paid for this game and I'd like to play it in a way that's congruent with the way I played the hockey games of past days, with buttons and not bumpers."
,Recommended,543010,31473780,Posted: 30 April,all,BikeScene,"Okay, let me start by saying this game is not perfect at all and needs a lot of help. But asking for a refund for this? Give me a break. This game is great and reminds me a lot of NHL Hitz. I've been waiting for something like this for years and I built my PC just in time. It seems like the devs know what their users want and give it to them in a timely fashion. Just be patient and enjoy this violent hard-hitting game."
76561198038738776,Recommended,543010,31137181,Posted: 14 April,all,member berries,"Great game, could use a few fixes but they are working/updating it all the time!"
,Recommended,543010,30991600,Posted: 6 April,all,Hensley💦,Still better AI than NHL 17.
76561198141389174,Recommended,543010,30991694,Posted: 6 April,all,grandpa,"Scored 12 goals, racked up 142 penalty minutes, and injured both opposing goalies before the 2nd period even ended.12/10 would play again"
76561198099227784,Recommended,543010,33214827,Posted: 3 July,all,Klitz,It's not a perfect game. There's no online multiplayer and I haven't tried the local multiplayer. I wish either it was funnier or the gameplay was better but there's no other hockey game on steam so this satisfies that itch for now. If solo hockey is what you need then this isn't bad for the price.
,Recommended,543010,33066897,Posted: 30 June,all,McJesus,Game is very enjoyable. Good to play with friends. The collisions and fights are entertaining and it is still just a hockey game.
76561198005367385,Recommended,543010,31448210,Posted: 29 April,all,SquintyB,"The chumps who gave this game a bad review, need to stick with ""Nancy Swansons Field hockey"" my daughter tells me you can customise the skirts in it. Old time hockey is for grinders, those willing to fight to get the puck in the net. Is it easy? No, if it were it would be your girlfriend at a frat party. It takes practice to master the controls and the gameplay, but once you do, you'll be chopping up the competition like lines backstage at a weekend concert."
76561198049492131,Not Recommended,543010,30790670,Posted: 28 March,all,NightLordsVIII,"I was excited about finally having an hockey back on PC. Instant purchase. Selected Veteran difficulty because the controls would be similar to EA's NHL series. What they forgot to tell you was that you need to unlock moves. While playing I could not:- Slapshot- Poke Check- Hook- Deke- BoostWhile the CPU of course could do all these things. What the ♥♥♥♥ where the developers thinking? Raged like a ♥♥♥♥♥ and refunded this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ If the developers want to feed their kids I♥♥♥♥♥♥twice a day, feel free to bring a bucket. Eat a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198028466526,Recommended,543010,30804988,Posted: 28 March,all,Cujo,"Updated: April 2ndI'm changing to a positive review now.The game isn't amazing, but its a basic simple hockey game on PC.  It is what it is.  Small dev budget, small game.Its simple hockey, its on Steam.Buy it if you want those two things."
76561198300856668,Recommended,543010,30793685,Posted: 28 March,all,Gravy Tugboat,Where can I get a Cobalt Silvers jersey
76561198005395235,Recommended,543010,30797174,Posted: 28 March,all,Carl Carmoni,"after spending a couple hours into the game i decided to change my review and give this game a thumb up. the game is not perfect but after learning the mechanics of the game (wich is a steep learning curve) I'm starting to enjoy the game more and more and can see the potential. As a fan of slap shot (the movie) and Goon, i love this kind of drunken amateur hockey and they represent it pretty well. but beware when you start this game in story mode you are gonna be frustrated and gonna want to throw your controller in your screen in rage because of the unfairness of the game. but once you learn all the skills it becomes pretty fun and challenging"
76561198085945305,Recommended,543010,30794876,Posted: 28 March,all,Willmanderos,"Final edit: The issue I had with the game crashing was fixed almost immediately so I have changed my review back to positive. Thanks V7 for the quick work! I have to add that the story mode gets ALOT better after the first few games.New edit: Going to change the review to negative because i can't finish the tutorial. Let me explain: you need to score three goals while on fire to get to fight the goalie. Every time I score the third goal the game just instantly crashes. Such a shame because I was enjoying the game until then.Old edit: Pretty much what I expected after patiently waiting for this game for months. Fun to play for a little while but I imagine this game truly comes alive when you get some friends over and play against them instead of the AI which sometimes har major advantages (ability to throw hits with multiple players at once, seeing what happens outside your field of view).So...yea it's worth the money maybe even to support this whole hockey on PC thing and show that there is plenty of interest in NHL games on PC! Probably not gonna happen but we can always hope..."
76561198332315311,Recommended,543010,30843170,Posted: 30 March,all,Metheadras,"Original Review:Cool vibe and concept, but the skating NEEDS to be FASTER.  As it is, it's a game killer.Revised Review:Devs have patched the game to improve gameplay.  It feels better paced.  Give it a go."
76561198017046691,Recommended,543010,35486050,Posted: 4 October,all,Clamp God Yorkie #clampgang,"If you are looking for a game that is an NHL killer you will be disappointed. But if you take the game for what it is you will enjoy it. This game is slap shot turned into a video game. If you consider the fact that this game was low budget and wasn't made by a major game company it's pretty good. The game does lack some features but considering the price point you get your money's worth. The one feature I really wanted was online multiplayer and for there to be create a team for the career mode and if you could completely run the franchise (sign free agents, trade players, etc.) or maybe even an ultimate team type game mode it would be way more enjoyable. For the gameplay it's quite simple and there is some flaws. On defense I feel like the hip check is a little OP and the poke check could be more effective. On offense i would like to have the ability to shoot one timers and run the cycle a little more and for the one touch dekes to work better. The defense can be bad at times and passes are unblockable which can get annoying. Overall for what it is I would recommend it and its simple gameplay can make it fun for everyone if you have people over because games like NHL can be confusing to people who have never played."
