user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,543260,32704758,Posted: 23 June,all,Virtua Sanus,"A loving remake handled by the guy that practically established the Master System fandom online. Every element of the original game is recreated, but feels entirely accurate.Wonder Boy III: The Dragon's Trap was easily one of the top games on the Master System and Game Gear, but it's age shows at parts, particularly with the hit detection, level layouts and bosses. Newcomers may be very offput by these, but failure is not punished too hard and the game itself is rather short (should take 5 to 7 hours for a first playthrough). The game has no leveling system but does have increasingly better gear that can be purchased or found. Enemy designs and their colors clue how strong they are and are used as a hint of sorts to the player to travel elsewhere; Harder monsters naturally give better money and loot too, so although prices for swords and armor increases it never feels as if there is a need to 'grind', but players could choose to do so anyways.A crazy amount of effort was applied to make this remake look like a cartoon in motion, and they absolutely succeeded. It is one of the best looking hand drawn games out there and in no way feels cheap like most other modern 2D games do. Personally, I was initially extremely negative of the new aesthetics in terms of art and musical direction upon it's reveal, but it has all grown on me. The new animations add a lot of personality to the world but also help the player better understand the character momentum and where to go to next, It is more than well designed, it is clever!The original visuals, sound and music are still included in this game though and can be swapped between without even having to pause. Better yet is that there are a great deal of customization options to mix and match between these. There are also options for different types of older television screen effects and the Japanese-exclusive FM sound add-on!Lizardcube have gone above and beyond in recreating this SEGA / Westone classic. I absolutely cannot wait to see what they are working on next, whether it is another remake or a completely original title."
,Recommended,543260,32265675,Posted: 8 June,all,kftX,"This is probably my favorite game from when I was a child, I still have the Game Gear cart with my old-school console collection and it is one of the games, I've always strove to keep with me wherever I went, even though I only beat it at a teenager. For someone like me, this remake is like a dream come true, that one thing you never actually think was gonna happen but actually does.Graphics:If you've been following the trailers/hype up to release, you'll have noticed that the guys over at LizardCube tried to re-create the game to the best of their ability and I have to say that even though I have a soft-spot for the original graphics (which don't look as bad as I expected at 1080p), the updated visuals look amazingly gorgeous and I find myself swapping between retro and updated on the go because I can't make up my mind about which to keep. The UI in retro mode also got a few tweaks and looks much cooler now.Music:Starting with nostalgia again, they have kept everything from the original game, both sound effects and music and when I started playing, which I did with new GFX + retro sounds, it just felt like I was a kid again playing on my Game Gear. Then I went for old GFX +new sounds and music and was amazed at how well it fits. It's almost like playing an orchestral score of the original, considering all the variety of instruments used. I'd love to see an OST released for this, would buy it asap.Gameplay:Whether you play with the old or new GFX, the gameplay is identical as the original game you know and love (with the momentum slide when you stop moving too). If you're not acquainted with the gameplay of the original, think NES Zelda 2, but with good control and better graphics. It's a 2D platformer with light RPG mechanics (equipment, spellcasting - that you gather as drops as you explore the world and kill monsters), but the true meat of the game is its overworld. It's almost like a Metroidvania but not quite. There is a central hub-town you start at that you can explore more and more depending on which monster form you happen to be at the moment. The new parts you get access to will lead you to new areas where you will eventually enter a dungeon and face a new dragon. The controls are responsive and the character does what you ask it to when you ask it to. Just like in the original :PPlot:A dragon screwed and cursed you. Now you will get your revenge... and murder his entire family in the process. Ok, maybe it's not quite like that but close enough!Other notes:I love the added humor in new GFX mode. Fits the light tone of the game like a glove. I also love that touch of being able to change the title screen from Wonder Boy to Wonder Girl by pressing A on it.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'll give this game a very strong thumbs up. It's true to the original in every way and the new art and music make it an absolute joy to both ears and eyes.Thank you LizardCube for this game, and thank you DotEmu for giving these guys a way to distribute their game."
,Recommended,543260,32280160,Posted: 8 June,all,Akka,"Five Stars: MasterpieceProsThe finest Mastersystem game, presented with fluid, beautiful animation and art quality.Outstanding soundtrack bears the leitmotifs of the original music, arranged uniquely per each level!You can actively switch between classic and revamped art/music as you play.Modified to make the game more user-friendly (while still retaining all the challenge).ConsKept me waiting almost THREE decadesCertain secrets may stump (new) playersCan't play with all these tears in my eyesThis game used to take me days as a kid. How did I beat it in 5 hours?If you've never played this champion of classic games, then this is absolutely the time to pick it up. It's one of the earliest metroidvanias but manages to bear very little backtracking. Though a little on the short side, it's concise and has no filler. The difficluty is no joke (hard will crush you). There's even plenty of little added secrets unique to this game. What you have here is a work of art and a real labor of love. The year is only half over but I'm confident this is the best indie title 2017 has for us."
76561198011352496,Recommended,543260,32944085,Posted: 28 June,all,Slade The Ninja Rat,"Beautiful animation one of the best modern 2D animated games I've played in recent years.Great remix soundtrack.Easy to pick up and play.Lovely charm and personality to all the characters, enemies and the world itself.It's like Zelda 2 but without the leveling, not cryptic mandatory secrets and not as hard as Zelda 2.Faithful remake of the 1989 classic sega platforming adventure game I had alot of fun playing this as a kid in the mid 90s and its sequels.I do have nostaglic feelings for this game but without my nostalgia glasses this game is still amazing to playthrough, look at it's gorgeous animation and it's lovely soundtrack."
,Recommended,543260,32333504,Posted: 10 June,all,Passer Kirbius,"There have been a lot of discussion of this remake online recently. The biggest emotion I've been seeing from people is ""This is how a remake should be made!""Let me tell you my friend, this is how a remake should be made.The game itself is not fundamentally different to the original 1989 classic (with a tiny amount of extra content!), and everything you remember from the original will be right here waiting for you. The gameplay has not been tampered with, it is a very faithful adaptation, almost to the point of wondering whether they should have fixed a few pain points with how faithful it is. They've done an incredibly smart thing in allowing you to switch, at will between the original game's visuals, and the new art style built for this remake, and they have even kept the original passcode system (and old passcodes will still work! A save game from 28 years ago will work and let you continue your game on this remake!). Nothing has been removed from this game, and the additions are slight and do not detract from the original experience (for example, you can start as Wonder Girl, instead of Wonder Boy, if you wish. Slightest change, no impact on the gameplay).But that is not the reason you should buy this game. The reason you should buy this game is because of how god damn pretty it is.The new art style is sumptuous and beautiful, with incredible new vistas to see in the backgrounds. The character designs are all incredibly good elaborations on the original sprites. The level of detail that has gone into these backgrounds is amazing (check the tower in the village - in the top section, you'll find smoked meats hanging!). A lot of these visuals are just inspiring - I suddenly want to know more about the giant grave monument you see in at the start of Mouse Man's area, for example. Every visual in this game is expertly polished and more beautiful for it.And then there's the soundtrack. Being a Sega Master System game, the original had a... minimal soundtrack. This game takes that soundtrack, holds true, and then elaborates on it to give a brand new feel and vibe to every area. What was once the same track for each castle and each boss, is now the same theme, but with different arrangements (The shipwreck castle theme in particular is astonishing in how it completely changes the atmosphere of that level in the best possible way).About the only issue I have with the game is how short it is - If you played the old game and remember where to go, you will probably finish this game in a day or so, and what little extra gameplay has been added to the game isn't enough to give you more than a few hours more play. This is, of course, mainly an issue with the original game itself, not the remake, but if you're looking for something to keep you occupied for a week or so, this is probably not your game.A hearty recommend for both first-timers and those (like me) who were obsessed with the original. Both will find plenty to like in this remake, that I certainly hope has redefined how to remake these classic games from the original console eras."
,Recommended,543260,32305023,Posted: 9 June,all,Jerry Dandrige,"Now this is how you remake/remaster/rerelease a game. Wow. Absolutely flawless title, with gorgeous hand drawn visuals (or classic 8bit SMS!) and simply amazing orchestral renditions (or classic 8bit SMS *and* added bonus of the once-Japan-exclusive SMS FM Synth soundtrack too!), perfect gameplay, tight controls, and not a single glitch or bug or issue.I'm genuinely blown away and I had an absolute blast reliving a beloved classic from my childhood :)"
,Recommended,543260,32794652,Posted: 25 June,all,Parsnip,A lovingly produced HD update to the classic.
,Recommended,543260,32266822,Posted: 8 June,all,Ysi,"This game simply sets the new standards for what a remake should be. Somptuous graphics, amazing soundtrack, keeping the simple but powerful gameplay of the original game. Extremely faithful to the original game.For those who don't know the original, this mostly a platformer, with some rpg elements (gold/equipment), and an unusual character progression, where each boss fight will transform you in a different character, with totally different skills and characteristics (one is smaller, one can fly, one can break some blocks, etc). Those skills almost always allow you to access new zones in places you already visited, making the world feel really big. It's also full of hidden secrets with really clever level design.Only disappointment might be the new hard difficulty, that doesn't really add much to the game. All it does is make you lose a bit of health regularly, which doesn't impact much the game as much as it sounds (as long as you max potions before leaving for a long trip, or know where to farm them on the way).Game is also very accessible, I'd recommend it at any age. Do not expect a lot of guidance though, even if there's a bit more information than on the original game, you still have to pretty much figure out everything by yourself.Edit after a bit longer in game: some new zones have been added, and modify one mechanic of the original game (the charm stone one, that was quite obscure originally). While the idea is interesting, the design of those new zones feels one big step below the original ones."
,Recommended,543260,32353229,Posted: 11 June,all,R T,"Every single developer out there considering remaking an old classic game, take note:This is how you do it. This is how you freaking remake an awesome game like this.It is literally a 1:1 remake, with modern graphics, and music, and some enhanced menu interfaces. Thats it, nothing else changed. The feeling, the gameplay, the handling, everything else is 100% the same as the original.Frequently, us older gamers remember classics from when were younger with what can be termed, rose-tinted glasses. I loved this game as a kid. However, I once tried to go back and play an emulated version of it, and found myself thinking ""Were the graphics always like this? I remember them being better..."" Of course, they were always like that, and, at the time of release, they were top notch. However, these days, we expect a lot more, and old classics like WBIII just don't hold up, graphics wise. Which is a shame, because the gameplay is what made these games great, but the dated graphics are what prevent new players from even trying them. No more.This remake literally makes the rose-tinted glasses real. The graphics are amazing, the updated sound, amazing, but the gameplay, the classic gameplay that made this game great. Did. Not. Change. A. Bit.Good on you Lizardcube, you've done this older gamer right. If you decide to just keep remaking old, classic games like this from here on out, and if you keep to this level of quality, I will buy every single one."
76561197977754574,Recommended,543260,32266280,Posted: 8 June,all,Laestic,"The power of nostalgia : today i almost cried.I still own my 30y old SMS with Wonderboy 3. I have fond memories of that game, I had not play it for years. Until now.I know every corner of it somewhere in my mind and everything is coming back ! I can feel it !I am 11 again !"
,Recommended,543260,32713027,Posted: 23 June,all,Godfrey,"So amazing, I wish every remake had this kind of love from the developers."
,Recommended,543260,32369044,Posted: 12 June,all,HexNash,"This is quite possibly the best ""remaster"" of a classic game I have ever played. Absolutely stunning! If you're a fan of the original this is a must-buy. If you've never played the original this is still highly recommended."
,Recommended,543260,32503353,Posted: 17 June,all,Shads,"Wonderboy: The Dragon's Trap is literally the template to which all other remaster/remakes should aspire to.  You have the option to play it in its original 8-bit Sega Master System 1989 audio & visual glory, or opt for hand drawn, cartoon style graphics and full orchestral audio. Alternatively, you can mix and match.  On the fly.  ON THE FLY!!Anyway, for those of you who have never played the Wonderboy series (this was the third installment), the game puts you at the end of Wonderboy 2 (Wonderboy in Monster Land) where you are about to enter the dragon's castle.  BE WARNED, there are spoilers regarding the end of Wonderboy in Monster Land ahead! lolCharging into the castle to take on the dragon, you must navigate a certain way to be able to reach the dragon's lair.  The maze from Wonderboy in Monster Land has been simplified to essentially the first and last section, meaning you don't have to scale the annoying chimney section with moving platforms - hurrah! Additionally, you don't have to fight the dragon to uncover the truth - you're straight into a fight with the Mecha Dragon! Defeating the dragon obviously doesn't end the game or teleport you back to Monster Land, either. It unleaches the dragon's spirit, which on contact turns you into Lizard-Man.  You have to escape the now crumbling castle!Lizardcube have totally aced this remaster/remake. The new graphics are simply gorgeous, the animation is smooth, and the fully orchestrated soundtrack brings the original 8-bit version into the 21st century in spectacular fashion, while staying true to the original tunes.  The re-vamped audio and visuals add layers of additional atmosphere to the game, while keeping it instantly recognisable to the original.There are several wonderful touches to this game, from the simply sublime ability to change the audio and visuals from 8-bit to modern with the press of a button - you don't even need to pause the game to do it! - to the fact that if you still have a notepad of the original master system game save codes, you can use these to continue where you left of 22 years ago!This game first released on Xbox One, and I bought it on day one, as I'm a MASSIVE fan of the Wonderboy series.  When I learned it was coming to Steam, I wishlisted it, and bought it for PC on the day it was released too.  If they released it for Nintendo DS and Wii, I'd buy it for those too.  That's how good it is.The addition of hard mode, and additional things once you complete the game (no spoilers here!), are welcome additions for new players and old alike, and the price point is, I think, spot on for this title.  Sure you can complete it on easy in an hour, but then you can play on normal, then hard and so on.  My general rule is that if I can pay around £5/hour of game play, I'm happy that I've got value for money.  I know I'm going to get WAY more that that amount of value in this game, without a doubt.Now I'm hoping on a remake of Wonderboy, Wonderboy In Monster Land, Wonderboy III: Monster Lair, Wonderboy in Monster World and and Monster World IV.  *Sigh* I can only hope."
76561197976455887,Recommended,543260,32293700,Posted: 9 June,all,Darkfalz,"Wonder Boy: The Dragon's Trap is lovingly crafted recreation almost completely faithful the original in gameplay, but with gorgeous hand drawn artwork and a remixed soundtrack.This was one of my favourite childhood games on the Sega Master System. Discovering the remake was a total surprise, and I remembered there was a guy I used to chat to long ago during the golden age of emulation about Sega, Wonder Boy and so on. I knew that guy loved WB3, and wondered if he knew about the project. Imagine my surprise seeing that he was in fact the guy behind the remake.I've bought a lot of retro remakes (not to be confused with emulated ports) and they're varying degrees faithful to the originals, I don't always like the art style and so on. But this plays true (I believe the original game code is executing in the background, although at 60 FPS rather than 30) and the art is absolutely charming and perfectly fitting. A real labor of love. The ability to switch seamlessly between remake and original graphics and audio is a really nice touch.Should you buy the game if you have never played the original? Yes - it's a timeless classic. Think of it more as a leisurely platformer than a true RPG though. It's more or less linear, but with a bunch of secrets (including a few new ones) to find. The Hard mode should keep people looking for more of a challenge entertained as the primary game is not that difficult, especially once you gear up.Just so delighted this game exists. Thanks to Zoop and the rest of the development team."
,Recommended,543260,32266527,Posted: 8 June,all,Tatsumakisen,"A fantastic remake of one of my all time favourite games.WonderBoy/WonderGirl/WonderBoy 3 (whatever you want to call it) is one of those games where you just keep coming back for more because while it initially appears to be a standard platformer, as time goes you appreciate the amount of depth it really contains.I guess it could be called a metroidvania game but with a twist; the twist being that instead of specific items being used to unlock abilities and therefore granting access to previously inaccessible areas, you change forms - and there are quite a few on offer here.The music is SUPERB!! I'll tell you that I was whistling the tune to this after god knows how long since I last played it, which is testament to how great the music really is. It would be great if DotEmu offered an OST as part of a deluxe version here which I feel is a missed opportunity.All in all a fantastic remake of a fantastic game. Just get it!"
,Recommended,543260,32265527,Posted: 8 June,all,Le_troll_des_bois,"Well, I'm one of those 80's kid that just fell in love with the original Wonder Boy 3, back in the master system days,and here comes the remastered version... Although calling it a remaster is kind of undermining the work that obviously went into this project.The HD graphics, music and sound design oozes with love for the original game. It is both very faithful to its roots, and takes a very intersting, personal and beautiful twist.This is not only my nostalgia speaking... This game truly shines by its quality, charm and again, faithful aproach to the original, to the point that your attack patterns from nearly 30 years ago still works perfectly.Thank you for bringing this game back to life, and so many memories with it !"
,Recommended,543260,32409443,Posted: 14 June,all,Miciah,"The original Dragons Trap was one of those classics that was just about as close to being a perfect game as you could get back then. the visuals, the music, the gameplay, the characters. all of it. it was a winning formula.This remake has not merely met that same perfection in every aspect, but managed to somehow go even beyond that.No matter how many times you'll play, it'll never lose it's charm.It's one of those games you fall in love with and look forward to playing again and again.If this is a sign of things to come with regards to remakes, it's gonna be a lot of fun for everyone."
76561198264883936,Recommended,543260,32294344,Posted: 9 June,all,jamestglh,"God, this remake is SO. GOOD.I grew up with Wonder Boy 3. I was the Sega kid on the block that had the Master System while everyone else had the NES. Wonder Boy 3, along with part 2, Phantasy Star, and several other Master System games formed my ideas about what good game design is.Wonder Boy 3 is still marvelously designed. It's essentially a proto-Metroidvania, where after the introduction you are dropped into a village in the middle of a semi open world. Once you unlock abilities, more areas become available and previous areas will have different routes that lead to secrets. This game rewards experimentation and exploration, especially with the armor and weaponry, which some rarer items have special abilities.This is a great game to play in between massive AAA games. The play time will be less than 10 hours and would be a great, refreshing break in between other larger games.The art direction is MASTERFUL. The music is great, even though when I was a kid the music always sounded much more ""metal"". The devs decided to give it a more folky vibe with a lot of acoustic instruments and whatnot. Very nice but I still think I prefer the 8 bit tunes. This is all a personal preference though.The physics of the game may seem a bit slippy slidy, but you will get used to it. It's nice for a character to actually feel like there is some weight behind them. Also, the option to be Wonder Girl is super cool too.I really applaud these devs for undertaking this remake. If they could now remake part 2 or Monster World, that'd be really amazing!"
,Recommended,543260,34669148,Posted: 1 September,all,StoneD0G,"I just finished this game for the 30th time or so but for the first time in 20 or so years!I must have been around 10 when i first got this game. Growing up as a Sega kid i didnt have access to Mario or Zelda except for brief moments at some of my friends house, instead i got Sonic, and Wonderboy.In my opinion, Dragons trap was the best game for the master system, as i said i played this more times than i can remember. How random is it that some hero developer decides to remaster this diamond 25 years later?!Well, they did, and it's awesome! The graphics is completely remade to match todays standard in 2D platforming, beautiful hand drawned pictures that really captures the feel that made this game great, i actually like to think that this is exactly how i imagined everything to look beyond the pixels when i was younger.They didn't stop there however, what i haven't mentioned yet about the original was the music, which is also some of the best soundtracks that was ever made to a Sega game (again, in my opinion)They didnt just settle with hiring a guy to rewamp the music digitally but instead got several musicians with actual instruments (As you can see in the in-game gallery) to transform those awesome tunes into something even better!Another really cool thing is that you can swap between retro and modern gfx/sound on the fly.If you are on the fence of buying this and are reading this review you probably played the original at some point so let me tell you, this wont dissapoint you in any way, shape or form. The love and dedication that's gone into this remaster really shines trough and the game itself really holds up still.Good job Lizardcube! I'm looking forward to your future projects!"
,Recommended,543260,32265451,Posted: 8 June,all,"Kattanaita,",Stuff dreams are made of.
,Recommended,543260,32702322,Posted: 23 June,all,Birdman,"Replaying this game was one of the most amazing gaming experiences I've had in a very long time. I've always found playing retro games a bit disappointing - they never live up to how you remembered them. The rebuilt version of Wonderboy on the other hand, lives up to exactly how I'd imagined it when I first played it 28 years ago. Amazing job."
,Recommended,543260,33183598,Posted: 3 July,all,Asaliah,"As a huge fan of the original on master system, I am currently crying very manly tears in front of such a respectful remaster. The work done is awesome, the DA is gorgeous, the OST made better...Just wow, awesome work guys !!!I've awesome twice is the review, you can buy without hesitation , they put more love is this remake than Kanye loves himself !"
,Recommended,543260,33181215,Posted: 3 July,all,Crustmilk,I never write reviews but I grew up on this game and there could not of been a more beautiful remake imaginable.
,Recommended,543260,32266439,Posted: 8 June,all,Disgusted Noble,"It's Wonderful!  That's why he's called WONDER Boy (or Girl.)Unlike a number of people reviewing this game, this is my first sojourn into the Dragon's Trap.  I never had a Sega Master System so this review will be done with the viewpoint of someone coming into the game for the first time.Wonder Boy: The Dragon's Trap is one the of first Metroidvanias, even preceding that of the famous Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.  It is the second of the Monster World series (and the third Wonder Boy game) and a direct sequel of the first game, Wonder Boy in Monster Land.  It shares a lot of elements with Symphony and like it, begins right off at the end of another game, in this case: Wonder Boy in Monster Land.  You will also be locked out of certain areas until you cleared a previous one first and gaining an item or ability that enable access.While Monster Boy in Monster Land was originally an arcade game (and ported to various systems), The Dragon's Trap was a console-only exclusive of the Sega Master System, the Nintendo Entertainment System's direct rival.Fast forward, decades later.  Now we have this, Wonderboy: the Dragon's Trap developed and remade by Lizardcube.The first thing to remember is at it's essence, it still is the same game as the original, meaning it has the typical length of a title of this kind for an 8-bit system.  Thus for anyone unfettered by nostalgic memories of playing the original, even with all its bells and whistles, any expectations of enjoying the length of a typical Metroidvania made in 1997 and beyond will be sorely disappointed.  It took me a few hours to win and only because of the few instances of getting stuck and wandering around before I could figure out what to do next.I knew all this beforehand, that I was buying an 8-bit SMS title essentially and it was going to be pretty short.  So why did I buy this in the first place?  The wonderful art and the music, that's why!  The aestethics was just that good.  From the minute I saw the trailer, I knew I had to get it.If you've been weaned on French style comic books like Asterix, Iznogoud and Ompa-Pa, you'll notice a resemblance in it's rugged detailed style.  The art is wonderful and the game animates like a dream (even on my old outdated laptop), like one of those aformentioned comics coming to life.The music still uses the same score created by Shinichi Sakamoto in the SMS version but Lizardcube re-presents these same old tunes to be performed by professional musicians.  No midi tunes or techno, you will hear saxophones, pianos, flutes and more as you traipse all over Monster Land and it sounds glorious.  Like Akumajyou Densetsu (Castlevania 3 Japanese version) which I played for so many hours, it's a joy to re-play this game again and again just to listen to the wonderful music.I played the first game, Wonder Boy in Monster Land in an Amiga 500 and always wanted to play the sequel.  Now I do and I've never been happier that I waited for so long and end up playing this marvelous remake."
,Recommended,543260,32315682,Posted: 10 June,all,[4TGG] Anti_Evil,"You would think for $20 odd dollaroos that 5-6 (maybe 8-9 if 100%) hours woudl not be worth it, but you would be wrong.The reworking of the character art just amazed me, it looks like an artist is drawing everystep.The game play for the most part is the say as the og version and in this day in ages i thought it would feel aged, but it didn't to my suprise.I normally don't write reviews but this nostelgic blast from the past remake was really worth my time, and i imagine yours too.If the $20 price tag is to much for you now, or if you have too many games you are going through at the moment, chuck it on your wishlist and get it when it goes on sale."
76561198051768108,Recommended,543260,32265583,Posted: 8 June,all,inverbatim,"Words can not express how much fun I had playing this Wonder Boy: The Dragons Trap remake.Apart from the beautiful graphics and amazing sound, one of the first thing I noticed were very, very tight, great concise controls. Absolutely perfect and very responsive with Xbox 360 controller - it makes gameplay a joyful breeze.This game is a remarkable achievement and I am looking forward to exploring the rest of the world.Thank you LizardCube, and I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,543260,32315525,Posted: 10 June,all,project_mcmxcix,"Well this morning turned out to be a great one. I didn´t even know that there was an remake of Wonder Boy: The Dragon´s Trap in the making. And this morning I saw it on Steam. It was one of my favorite games on Sega´s Master System when I was about 10-11 years old. I must have played this game for at least 50 hours+ back then. (Nearly 30 years ago now!)I have only played for a little more then an hour now, but I can really say this remake is lovely!It´s awsome you can instant switch between the orginal graphics and the orginal soundtrack anytime with just a button.The new graphics is awsome but as soon I finnish the game im gonna replay it with old school graphs and sound.If you loved the orginal you know what you get! If you never played it before, try it out. Its a really good platform game.I hope we see more of old classics done just like this one!"
,Recommended,543260,34111758,Posted: 8 August,all,Lutia Feen,"A true work of passion on the part of the developers. It's very faithful to the original game, the animation is of exquisitely high quality, the music is spot-on, revisiting Meka Dragon's area for example feels really great, there's only a few tracks slightly unsuited for the sort of action we see in the game, but the option to quickly switch from retro to modern makes up for it. The content added to the remake, the puzzle platforming areas that contain a charm stone for every transformation are tastefully done, challenging but not impossibly so, require mastering the controls but also feel like solving a puzzle in how you look for the right spots to jump from, with how much momentum and so on, which block to destroy. Those areas give me confidence in the developer's ability to design a solid platforming experience of their own in the future, should they decide to make a brand new game.As for reviewing the parts that belong to the original game : it's a fantastic platformer/metroidvania-ish game with touches of inspiration from the arcades. The game length is thus on the short side if all you care about is completing it once, but there is more fun to be had if you are the sort of player who have an interest in getting better at the game, such as playing hard mode and setting new challenges for yourself such as how fast you complete it, or with how many resources. The base mechanics of the game are solid enough to support that sort of playstyle, it is not unlike the enjoyment found in replaying shmups whose absolute game length are 30 minutes, but whose goals of endless higher scores or perfect no-death 1 credit continues leave players with the desire to play more. The game can get easier if you use all the resources at your disposition, but you can also have fun doing runs with no magic or powerful items. The only negative bit, where the game hasn't aged well, is the boss fights, which can feel tricky in your first attempt, but become rather trivial once you've noticed the way the single pattern works. With that said, it does not overly detract from the game, which at the core is a platforming experience about dealing with various enemy spawns on multiple sides of the screen.A last thing to note, on the technical side : it runs perfectly well on Linux, with not a single bug spotted during my runs. I am grateful for the level of quality provided by this new indie developer studio."
,Recommended,543260,32362725,Posted: 12 June,all,Fonus,Bloody good remake. Now make Wonder Boy in Monster Land :)
,Recommended,543260,32272611,Posted: 8 June,all,🅙🅐🅨🅒🅔🅡🅐🅝,"Brilliant example of how games should be remade.  If you were a fan of the original game and want to play through it again.  This is a must own title.  Not only did they stay true to the original... it is a ""seemless"" remake.  You can change it back and forth during game play and it even modulates the original chip tunes from the master system... even the FM chip.So if you are not a fan of this game already let me explain a bit.  This is a classic action adventure game.  Wonder Boy back in the 80s/90s was a very popular series spawning several games.  Each one having a different but similar feel to them.  This one has charm by being able to be picked up and played and still having great depth to it kind of like a Zelda 2.  You explore around Monster Land and discover treasures like any other game.  However the charm of this game is brought out by the breathtaking artwork.  The original left much to be desired in the graphics department... this version has that and a more.Seriously, if you want a fun game to just pick up and play this is a great title.  Especially if you are one of those retro game fans.  No it is not from the Nintendo it is from the superior Master System... bwahahaha jk jk.  This is a great game and it won't disappoint."
,Recommended,543260,32287388,Posted: 9 June,all,Jaqqour,"Possibly the most loving and faithful remaster i have ever played, Lizard Cube have done a terrific job with this one and its an absolute delight to be playing one of my most favourite games of all time again. The new art and sound is excellent, and the ability to switch back to retro graphics on the fly is pretty neat. If you liked the original then i suggest you pick this up :)"
,Recommended,543260,32279237,Posted: 8 June,all,NxHunter,"This is an amazing piece of work.The love and craft that can be felt through this game is incredible. I played this growing up, writing all of the save codes across the manual that it came with. I remember the story, the characters. When I heard them say ""Mouse Man"" it wasn't until I saw who they were refering to until I said ""Ah, they mean Mr Potato Head!"" (that's how I saw him anywho)They've lovingly remastered all of the original music, still keeping it's invigorating beats, and that artwork and animation is something to die for.Hot swapping between old and new? To be able to compare how each scene of the game has been adapted and changed, but is very much the same? That blew my mind.I can't recomend this revamped version of a classic childhood game enough. For new players coming to the game, you'll struggle, you'll get lost. But that's part of the beauty of it, they've left it just as confusing as it was all those years ago.Thanks to the wonderful team that's brought something that I used to have to dig out of my loft and blow the cartridge (and pray that it worked) to a platform that I can be close to each day.Well done guys,You smashed it out of the park."
,Recommended,543260,33719952,Posted: 22 July,all,BlasterPR,"If you are looking for a great adventure platformer this is the game for you, awesome mechanics,  love it so much!"
76561198105194046,Recommended,543260,32323599,Posted: 10 June,all,Andrus,"Time to be killing the Dragon again!This game is amazing. It clearly shows how much the devs loved the source material, and it's outstanding how much it still holds up today.Originally on the Sega Master System, Wonder Boy: The Dragon's Trap is an action platformer borrowing some of the exploration of Metroid to a simpler extent. The game is the follow-up to Wonder Boy in Monster Land, and it begins with a redux version of the last level of Monster Land. After you beat the first boss, your character is cursed and turned into a monster. You will travel across the land unlocking new abilities and transformations and upgrading your gear to face new challenges.The new art is beautiful and completely expands on the original. You can toggle between the modern and retro art and sound at will, but the 1989's graphics haven't aged all that well and some color palettes are somewhat jarring.The modern art also gives you an advantage on the gameplay, as there are new frames for your walking cycle, as well as attacking, jumping and turning. Once you get used to it, it makes a lot easier to know if your attack will land or if you are about to walk out of the ledge of a platform. Also, as the enemies have new animations as well, it's easier to know when they are about to attack.The new soundtrack is great, and there are some amazing remixes to match the level's feel, but some of the original songs are still amazing and can't be that easily replaced, so I've been toggling the music through modern to retro on a lot of more occasions than the graphics.The new text on the shops is also really well done, matching the quirky feel of the overall game. It's a love letter to the 1989 original, a great action-RPG with Metroidvania aspects, and a must buy for everyone looking for a fun and rewarding game."
76561198024581877,Recommended,543260,34633030,Posted: 31 August,all,shirosae,"Wonder Boy: TDT is somehow a game that doesn't look or feel out of place with modern releases but is simultaneously really quite faithful to the 1989 original. That the new graphics and music fit in so well with what is basically a 20 year old game is (1) a testament to how much love and effort has gone into the remake, and (2) a clue as to how good the original really was. I find it astonishing how well the game holds up, even as someone who played the original SMS version back in the day.The game also gets plus points for the 8-bit graphics mode doing a really good job at recreating what the game actually looked like on a CRT TV, whilst still running at 60 FPS.If you like that old-school-adventure vibe, I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,543260,32554263,Posted: 18 June,all,Felino,"I remember there was a time on my adolescence where i would tell myself with these exact words ""Man... What if there was a remake of Wonder Boy 3? Keeping the gameplay the way it is but with new modern graphics and sounds?"" Well, this dream came true! Although back at that time i had a 3D sidescroller visual on my head and more rock covers instead of instrumental, but hey, i was dumb on my youth, this is clearly better, so this is literally a dream improved AND realized! It's more than i ever hoped for!The music is perfectly redone with different styles that fits each area, that always gives me chills and even bought tears to my eyes whenever i listened before playing the gameThe art style is simply superb, it feeds on my need for more hand drawn graphics, my love for cartoons and great character design, it's almost like it was taken straight from the memories you had from this gameThe gameplay is greatly recreated based on the original, if you played the SMS version, you'll know how to play this oneThis is a review done by someone who has strong feelings for this game, so your experience might be different, specially if you didn't played the original, but i still recommend it trying it out if you like retro games, the game is short, but it's still great for today's timesNow where's that beautiful soundtrack huh? My hype for the game is still missing these sweet tunes for me to buy >:U"
,Recommended,543260,33101007,Posted: 1 July,all,Webby,"Just a few minutes into the game and that familiar tune kicks in...  suddenly I'm back in my childhood playing the original.  With the added option for retro mode (both graphical and sound), even more so.  This game looks and plays fantastic.  I cant recommend this enough for fans."
,Recommended,543260,32384479,Posted: 13 June,all,dragonraw,"This game is not very popular in my country.However i was so lucky to have a chance about 20 years ago.I played this game in my PC-Engine.But the title is ""Dragon's curse"".There are some difference between two versions.The Lizard-man is golden not green, and the Lion-man is replaced into Tiger-man.First, i love the story and transformation in the game.Also, the character re-designs are cute.But...The story is quite short so i could complete it in an hour.And this remake version removes the stones in main story.That means you neednt to collect 99 stones to unlock items anymore.Changing from HD to 8bits anywhere is almost available, except the menu, quite sad. :(Netherless,everthing is almost perfect.I wish the development group could remake WONDERGIRL or WONDERBOY MONSTER WORLD in future, if possible.这个游戏在国内应该算小众吧，记得自己第一次玩是在大约20年前的pce主机上，不过那个叫Dragon's Curse，角色略有区别，狮子换成了老虎，而且蜥蜴是金色的。但是里面各种变身的设定确实让我记忆很深，我差不多玩了快1年才通关。这次重置可以说吸引的都是老玩家，主要还是回忆向。画面音乐都很棒，我就不啰嗦了，并且各种隐藏要素甚至是BUG都还原了。一键切换版本很不错，但没有把道具菜单还原出来略有遗憾。并且原版是要收集石头才能解锁商店的，原版之所以进度会比较慢是因为刷石头真心是耐心活，这次复刻把这个简化了。而且这个游戏本身地图就小，速度快的话一个小时就通关了，耐玩度略低。但新增加了几个专属角色的地图，也算是眼前一亮吧。WONDERBOY系列出过很多游戏，不少在当年都是数一数二的大作。如果开发组还有计划的话，建议把MD平台的wondergirl那一作复刻吧，绝对也是神作的。"
76561198012057162,Recommended,543260,32281454,Posted: 8 June,all,Mataku,"This is neither a game or a remake, this is a complete manual on how to bring back to life a classic, every studio trying to make a remake in the future is obligated to take some serious notes from this excellent piece of entertainment software.The graphics and music are superb not only technically but also artistically and have been re mastered in the best way possible while the playability remains untouched.I hope to see more endeavors like this one from this studio in the future and also from other developers, always wanting to ""translate"" all the timeless games we love to allow the pickier newer generations to enjoy them... and for the older version of ourselves of course."
,Recommended,543260,32830098,Posted: 26 June,all,Roger Roger,A excellent remake without feeling phony.I hope they do the same for Wonderboy in Monster World next.
76561198026783150,Recommended,543260,33200888,Posted: 3 July,all,GoldenDice,"When this game popped up in my discovery queue, i squealed with delight. I thought it was too good to be true that a remake of a forgotten gem like this had been made, and the nostalgia started hitting me harder than a steam train. I immediately went for the purchase without a second thought, and i was not disappointed.The option to switch between the old and new music as well as the old and new art style is nothing new, since many other remakes have done the same before. However, unlike the numerous other remakes out there, the fresh coat of paint doesn't feel forced in the slightest, and feels true to the original.Speaking of that fresh coat of paint, the hand-drawn animations and the remixed soundtrack are just breathtaking, and the amount of heart, love and care put into each detail is clear to see. For fans of this old series such as myself, it can leave you hungry for more, and this is a game i will likely keep replaying to experience it all over again.For those of you who haven't heard of the Wonder Boy series before, this is possibly the best starting point. Don't let the pricetag put you off: The experience is worth every penny."
,Recommended,543260,34504674,Posted: 26 August,all,Alex Khayrullin,"Wonder Boy III: The Dragon's Trap was my favorite Sega Master System game, hands down.And now, the remake has been released, let's see why it is worth your attention, instead of, for instance, buying an emulated version on the Wii Virtual Console (is that still a thing?)- New graphics: they are nothing short of sublime. The game's aesthetics were redrawn in a style halfway between Japanese and Franco-Belgian comic books, they look amazing and 100% fit with the original game's style.- New music: to be honest, I would have preferred a more energetic soundtrack, because some of the remastered compositions are rather on the mellow side. But never mind my take on the chosen direction, the execution is a thing of beauty. The OST is worth buying, and I'm saying than even without having heard the extra tracks!- Quality-of-life improvements : If you still struggle to determine which piece of equipment is best for one form or another, or which ones have special capabilities, now you can, even before you buy them. Also, items are now used using a separate button, and not Down+Jump. It does make a difference, believe me. Limitations due to the Master System technology are also gone: you can now actually save the game (passwords in the original only save an approximate state of the game) and you can access the items/equipment menu during boss fights (what, you didn't know you couldn't in the original? try pausing while fighting a dragon and see what happens) .- Humor : yes, it has it now. Between some of the items' descriptions, and the eternally snarky pigs and nurses, these little things bring more flavor to the adventure.- Extra content: The Unknown, six hard mini-dungeons for you to find and complete.- Retro mode: switch between retro and modern graphics and sound. It really helps appreciate the difference between the original and the remake, and to realize how faithful to the original the engine is.- Difficulty modes: While I didn't need the Easy mode, the Hard mode was rather challenging, and the idea behind it is both a very good fit for the game and a great reference to a previous installment in the series!- Moddability: Thanks to the format of several files, the dev tools still in the game, and good-willed developers who participate in discussions about modding the game, this game has awesome potential for becoming something more in the future.Look, I don't pretend I can list all the good parts in this review. However, what is for sure is that, in addition to the original game being really good, this remake should set the standard for retro remakes. This is truly an exemplary case of ""by fans, for fans""."
,Recommended,543260,33984318,Posted: 2 August,all,Guisouro,Revisit (or get to know) this great adventure now with amazing art and soundtrack. Recommended!
76561197987128284,Recommended,543260,32323187,Posted: 10 June,all,Madgnoolm,"I was soooo looking forward to this version of what is my all time favorite gameYou can always play the game in the old version (Which is just plain great)This game also has refreshed graphics, which are made in the spirit of the old gameThe honored people behind this game really salutes the old game, and I love you to death for itThis is sooooo funGranted 20 Euros is a bit steep for a fairly easy game, but for the spirit and the love of the old game, I would pay that gladly. I say easy, because I played the old version to death, and I remember most of the old secret rooms"
76561197970858788,Recommended,543260,32866654,Posted: 27 June,all,Fakeon,"A modern version of one of the best games ever!  New graphics, same gameplay."
,Recommended,543260,32331360,Posted: 10 June,all,aDuck,"Amazing so far, just a beautiful and joyful game. Oldskool difficult, but there is an easy mode so at least if you aren't good at fighting you can tackle the jumping and navigation portions as long as you're patient. Lizardcube has struck the right balance between preserving the original game and improving the look and feel, resulting in a game that is better than the original in every way. This is how retro remakes should be done."
76561197970530630,Recommended,543260,33526371,Posted: 13 July,all,Asymm3try,"Must have for those that played the original when it came out. Newer players might find it a bit short and a tad simplistic.That said it’s a beautiful remake by a studio that put in a lot of love, details and style into the game. Wonderful game, one of the most beautiful 2D platformers made."
,Recommended,543260,34369583,Posted: 20 August,all,Deadushka,"Самый бережный и качественный ремейк из попадавшихся мне за всю жизнь. Отличный оригинал, за которым пролетело детство, сидя за пультом Сеги Мастер Систем. Спасибо разработчикам за очаровательную рисовку, обалденный качественный перенос обоих версий игры и возможность использовать старые пароли из 89 года, которые до сих пор помню! 10 из 10, маст хев всем олдфагам."
76561197999289119,Recommended,543260,32321627,Posted: 10 June,all,Winterbay,A very lovingly created remake of the original game with enormous care taken in the updating of the graphics and audio to not replace but enhance the original.I warmly recommend it to anyone who liked the original or just want to try it out without having to find an emulator.
76561198033470545,Recommended,543260,32291475,Posted: 9 June,all,C. Viper,Love the switch between the new and retro graphics.
,Recommended,543260,32886778,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr Soda,"A great classic, I've never seen a better remaster."
,Recommended,543260,34108461,Posted: 8 August,all,Nic5 Cyprus,"Carrying on the recent trend of 90s classics being remade, Wonder Boy 3 finally got its own remake on Steam.This is an exact copy of the original with enhanced graphics and the ability to play as Wonder Girl for the first timeFeminism FTW. This is a fairly short game but that is to be expected as it was released back in 1989Feel old yet?. In order to compensate, there is the ability to play as Hu-Man in the post game, also for the first time, as well as a difficulty setting.Despite all this, the thing that differenciates this remake from the others is the ability to change the music and the graphics from new to classic by simply pressing a button. No wait times, no pausing, nothing. Just press L2 for the music and R2 for the graphics (or whatever you have them bound to) and WABAM! they istantly change. You can also mix them up if you like.In short, this should be the base of every remake of a classic game as it reinnovates the original and keeps it nostalgic at the same time."
76561198007517831,Recommended,543260,32389636,Posted: 13 June,all,teletron2,"Absolutely fantastic!! I had no idea this remake was coming out. Saw it on steam and bought it on the spot.  I was and still am a huge fan of the original.  Love the music!!  Graphic design is beautiful!  Where do I buy the soundtrack!?Ok, not so much as a review,... more of an expression of gratitude to the developers.Any fans of the original out there?  Instant buy!  You will not be disappointed.Now, about the genesis game, Wonder Boy in Monster World......"
,Recommended,543260,32317836,Posted: 10 June,all,Sundar,A love letter to my childhood and gorgeous to boot.
,Recommended,543260,32288063,Posted: 9 June,all,johan plankies,"Awesome Remake! Played WB3 as a teeager, and got hooked! The ramake is even 10x more beautiful and brings back great memories, so that makes me a addict now!!!!!!"
,Recommended,543260,32291758,Posted: 9 June,all,GuitarAnthony,"A great remake to a legendary game. Wonderful graphics (and the ability to go SMS mode by clicking RT is a nice touch), great music & good gameplay. Bit on the easy side or normal & the bosses are pretty easy to read & beat quickly (will play through again on hard mode to see if any difference in boss patterns) but overall enjoyable."
,Recommended,543260,32279356,Posted: 8 June,all,Void Ribeiro,"Great way to revive your childhood.State of the art.Best remake ever made.Should I play it?YES, DEFINITELY!"
,Recommended,543260,32275887,Posted: 8 June,all,BlackHoleMoth,"I may be a little biased. This was my all-time favourite game on the Sega Master System (which I still have!). This game holds a HUGE amount of nostalgia for me. I LOVE IT!! Everything about this game is amazing - whether those that never played the original will agree remains to be seen, but me... I'm in love!"
,Recommended,543260,32301886,Posted: 9 June,all,q0099,The cinema-quality art and animation.The amazing soundtrack.The closest-to-original gameplay.This is how the game remakes should be done!
,Recommended,543260,32282341,Posted: 8 June,all,iblizzard,This is such an incredible remake of the original SEGA game.The ability to switch back and forth between retro graphics and audio was a very pleasant surprise.I'm reliving my childhood!!!
,Recommended,543260,32343702,Posted: 11 June,all,IceX,"This remake did my childhood justice.  Full Retro or 1/2, 1/2 makes for such great play. Please do MOAR !"
76561197983902199,Recommended,543260,34388637,Posted: 20 August,all,Kelinar,Loved it! Took me back.
,Recommended,543260,32490274,Posted: 16 June,all,Elvis Prime,"I didn't find out about this game until the day of it's release. The original was a classic that stood out in my childhood.I have played this game twice, in full retro and full remix mode. 100% achievements etc etc.Classic/Retro graphic/audio Mode Specific Notes:I've played through this game in the ""Classic"" Retro graphics/Audio, and am astounded how it was virtually identical to my experience on the Master System so many years ago. With exception to changes to how some of the deeper unlocks of ""Charms Stones"" work, and some added secrets to the game. The only issue i had, was that the item screens and menus were not retro (like the inventory/pause screens. All stores in the game looked original). It was pretty well streamlined. Though, the ending was probably the most altered. The classic WB had one of my favorite credit sequences ever, and this one was not as good in my opinion. Missed lots of the retro fancy effects. But was still the same music and decent overall. switching both music and graphics to retro independantly at the push of a button was pretty seamless and had great effect. very impressed. There were various options for adding scanlines and altering audio for the different 8 bit experiences the old school players would have experienced.Remix/Original ""New"" mode specific Notes:The art style was a lot of fun. Very animated and a great homage to the original series. Lot's of artistic license with the look and sound of everything. Entirely respectful to the core material in my opinion though. Lot's of added dialogue with store keepers, excellent animations etc. The only issues I had were:- Occasionallly, things got too dark. Not enough to heavily impact gameplay, but noticeable. There are parts of the game where all rooms are entirely dark, and the interactable objects also became dark and hard to see at times. This includes projectiles (Shurikens and fireballs mostly), this actually affected gameplay and made it a bit more difficult, though overall it was a nice asthetic that didn't really impact negatively too much at all.- The audio overall was not quite as iconic. It was great to hear direct remixes, and a lot of it was great. However, at many times rather than feeling the beat and impact, things sounded heavy on reverb or an overall sense of echo or muted. Again, not terrible and worth a listen, but not as iconic. It loses some of the action momentum as a result. When tension rises in gameplay, the music does not always follow in kind like the original score did. Though i heavily appreciate how deep and wonderful the music was. Fully composed with real instruments, it is an experience to be hold even with those caveats.The game itself, regardless of Retro/Remix visuals/audio:- Just wow. The gameplay is identical in both modes, yet feels different given the insane amount of animation in the remix. Actually had to adjust how i played, purely on asthetic, as i had to learn the new animations and recognize the new timing based on animations.- You can switch between Wonderboy and Wondergirl modes. including changes to the openings/endings and character specific mentions in the story. Very impressive, and totally welcome.- There has been an added ""Hard"" mode, that adds a timer to gameplay. Take too long, and you take damage. I normally hate timers in games, as i love to explore, but this was entirely manageable, and i didn't feel too rushed. You could still farm out hearts, and if you were too worried, you could go hunt down potions to ensure you wouldn't die too quickly. In particular, some boss battles can be extra long with the extra survivability of bosses, and a lack of being able to pick up hearts, so those ended up being more difficult, but in a good way i think. required more prep and being ""ready"", but not at all terribly difficult.- Fantastic action/RPG gameplay. most RPG aspects come in the form of aquiring weapons/armor and equiping them specific for the level or type of character you can have. You basically have access to various ""Animal"" forms, that function differently in the world, and react differently to all the items. That and the open world almost Metroidvania aspect to the world, gives it the RPG feel. There is no leveling system or growth, beyond the aquisition of permanent heart upgrades and equipment aquisition/equipping.- Overall, there are a lot of actual changes. The gameplay itself, is nearly perfect carbon copy to the original. But additions to the remix, and actual items of the game are welcome. All items/equipment have updated descriptions, many indicating a lot of the ""Hidden"" effects, or outright adding hidden effects that the original game never had. There are added challenge rooms to aquire Charmstones which are added challenges, that can affect some new item aquisitions and achievement unlocks.Conclusion:I love what Lizardcube has done with this game. They clearly have love for the original, and have treated the content with respect. Yet they have entirely embraced the remix and been willing to take artistic license and give their own feel to the visual/audio. I admit to having Nostalgia tinted glasses in my review and playing of the game. But I really do think this game captures the original feel, while making this also feel like a modern game that stands the test of time against many modern games of similar type. If you like Platformers and Metroid/Vania type games, there is a lot of meat in this game to devour. If your not into the retro platforming type games, then this is not probably for you. Though even then, this game was always ahead of its time. I reccomend highly. I very much look forward to more games from Lizardcube."
,Recommended,543260,33361097,Posted: 7 July,all,blob,"Perfect remake of the original masterpiece.This is how a remake should be made: allow the players to play the original experience at any time, or switch to a remarkable remastered version. I had fun switching back and forth all along!The new system with the luck stone is also more interesting than in the original game ( no more grinding, instead they are hidden in extra secret challenges!) and the game even has a new hard mode!The original was already a 10/10 and this is still a 10/10.Mind the game is fairly short by today's standards ( it felt a lot harder to finish this game on master system with the painful MS controller...), expect about 5-6+ hours of gameplay for a normal difficulty run."
76561198000663702,Recommended,543260,33986724,Posted: 2 August,all,Setzeri,"First of all, it's an old game from the year 1989 with a new coat of paint and it plays like such with challenging gameplay and controls which need some time to get used to. The game is both disappointing and delightful if you're already familiar with the original game on the Sega Master System, for it same game as the original with added graphical and musical upgrade.You can feel the developer's love for the game from the amazing art and arranged music. With the new look combined to the original gameplay, it's safe to say that the game still holds up to this day.Some parts can be a bit cryptic for modern gamers, and the lack of checkpoints may discourage some players who are not used to over 20-year old games.It is most recommended for people who are interested in old classics or if you're a fan of the original game.Can't praise the art style enough, but it's amazing how fluid the new animations make the game feel. I'm looking forward if any other classics will get same kind of treatment in the future as this one. [Cough cough ""Legend of Valkyrie"" cough]Wonder Boy: The Dragon's Trap truly reminds of what video games used to be about.PS. The concept version of the Girl with long, green hair is cute as a button. Nothing wrong with the current design either."
,Recommended,543260,32312420,Posted: 10 June,all,xent,"Wonder Boy: The Dragon's Trap, Ah the nostalgia alone, For most people this title is just another plat former, but for me this is pure nostalgia, Picking this game to revamp was an excellent decision,"
76561198041962189,Recommended,543260,32276336,Posted: 8 June,all,stienozo,Warm fuzzy feelings throughout the whole thing! the remade graphics and soundtracks were amazing!
,Recommended,543260,32272076,Posted: 8 June,all,Lanous,You can just feel that the game was made with love.
,Recommended,543260,32337365,Posted: 11 June,all,William Shakesman,"Wonder Boy: The Dragon's Trap (WB:TDT from here on) is a remake of the old Sega Master System game and it is absolutely beautiful. Easily the best video game remake since Bionic Commando RearmedDon't you roll your eyes. This ain't your garden variety retro nostalgia. WB:TDT is basically everything we love about retro design. The average Mega Man game doesn't come close to how good WB:TDT is. This is Super Mario World tier, LttP tier, almost Mega Man X tier quality. The only reason we all didn't grow up in Wonder Boy's world is because this came out on the losing system. WB:TDT is so good Shantae pretty much ripped it off wholesale and did not come close to doing it justice.It gets this good by starting with a simple formula. It's a basic metroidvania. Find out which way you can go with the power you've got. Find a dungeon, get to the end, beat the boss, come out with a whole new power. The levels are great, each with varying styles and enemy makeups. Without a lot of secrets or collectibles, you aren't stopping to hump every wall in hopes of finding another ammo capsule (Or a wall which you can't bust down until later.). To supplement your arsenal, enemies drop ammo for various sub-weapons randomly, each fulfilling a Castlevania-ish niche, but without the Castlevania-ish ""can only carry one at a time"" limitation. The sort of retro ""find the one pixel invisible block"" nonsense is also kept to the barest minimum, too. The enemy variety is strong (Though the placement does not get as clever as a modern game might) and the bosses are all high points. And if the game gets you down, you can still engage in the old retro tricks of finding the right secret room and farming it for enough resources to make any room a breeze.All this means that the pacing is great. The levels are fun and fly by. In fact, everything might go a little TOO fast. You will probably see the end credits in about four hours and you probably won't have too many more hours digging up all the secrets and optional challenges. Sadly, this remake is still accurate to the original in that regard.Needless to say, the new art is amazing and the new soundtrack is just as good. And you can swap between each freely at any point while playing just to see how much they improved.I never played the original WB:TDT, but going into this blind, it charmed me in ways I never predicted. If you had told me a week ago that a game from 1989 was going to be on my GotY shortlist, I would have told you to get bent. But here we are. If you have any love for retro gaming or curiousity for what it was about, try Wonder Boy. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,543260,32400820,Posted: 13 June,all,accident,"I'm purely here to raise the game's score, because this is a masterclass in remastering a classic game. I'm not interested in waxing poetic about the finer points of how awesome it is.If you played this game growing up, this is a nostalgia trip for the modern era. If you didn't, it's a solid metroidvania with amazing graphics and a wonderful soundtrack.Buy it. You'll like it."
76561198072208244,Recommended,543260,32265360,Posted: 8 June,all,Biosteven,"Retro game, retro love. Tears of joy everywhere. At least now i can finish it (because when i was young i didn't know that i can save with a p/w, so i played it again and again from the beginning)!!! Great artwork and great job!"
,Recommended,543260,32329495,Posted: 10 June,all,FuzzyPones,"Stunning music, lovely and utterly adorable drawn characters, an old platformer well revived.Makes you ""aww"", guaranteed :)"
,Recommended,543260,32536351,Posted: 18 June,all,Xaxim,"If every remake could be good as this one...The game is everything you could imagine. The nostalgia of the classic Master System is here if you want, but the new version is nothing but astonishing. You can also mix up the classic graphics with the new soundtrack or the new version with the old fashion chip tune.You should visit the gallery after you complete the game.Definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,543260,32269329,Posted: 8 June,all,Sir Latore,"this Was the Best SEGA Master System has to offer , a gameplay stood the test of time , finally getting best possible Remastered Remake and  Port for this PC version.100% Recommended."
,Recommended,543260,32361082,Posted: 12 June,all,Synthestitch,Classic graphicsClassic Sound effectsEven A password save systemMy Childhood smiles ^^
76561198054214794,Recommended,543260,32308217,Posted: 9 June,all,tpe4ever,"GAME OF THE YEARIf there is another GOTY for me this year aside from Wonder Boy:  The Dragon's Trap, today I can't think of it.  I am absolutely stunned with admiration!  This game is beyond amazing, in fact, I think there is nothing else like it anywhere right now.  It captures the feel of a well tuned, classic action/rpg platformer, before metroidvania changed the formula (not that either style is bad).  Because you can turn the redrawn graphics, and remixed orchestral live-instrument sound off or on at any point mid-gameplay, it is possible to see exactly what has changed.MY EXPERIENCE PLAYING TODAYToday, I played about half way through the game on the same day I bought it.  This is no surprise since I must have beat the old game nearly a dozen times when I was in my teens, oh so many years ago.  Almost everything is right with this game, and if I wanted someone to understand how side-scroller game design used to have incredibly precise control in a way that is not really seen anymore without burning their eyes out with low resolution graphics, this game stands alone as the one example of how to play a classic without it looking or sounding dated.THE FEW FLAWS ARE AS FOLLOWSThere is very little that could be improved but I will mention a few, very minor things:GRAPHICS FLAWSThe game appears to be written for 720P (game consoles).  It goes full screen just fine but the graphics are a little bit soft.  I hope the developers consider adding an ""HD"" or ""4K"" graphics pack, so I can see their awesome artwork in all the fine detail possible.  It runs great so there is no reason not to include it.  I am sure they have all the assets to add this and it would be quite the way to immortalize this game.  PC gamers are almost all going to have screens that are 1080P or higher (4k here).CONTROL FLAWSPlease tune the Tiger Man.  Right now, his animation makes it difficult to do precise jumps and I have to switch to the old graphics for challenging jumps and once I land I switch back to the new graphics.  All the other characters are perfect (haven't gotten to Hawk Man, can't comment on that yet).THE ORIGINAL MUSICThe new recording is outstanding, but your emulated music sounds practically broken/ruined.  It is missing the bassline, it just sounds like half of the music is missing.  Your new music is fresh and very, very pretty, but the old music is just as good.  Neither are better, just different, and I like what you did with the new music very much.  Unfortunately, someone who plays as it is now wouldn't know that the old music is good too.  Refer to the recordings on YouTube for reference and compare to the way the game plays it now.EDITMy experience is with the TG16/PC-Engine version, which may have had more sound channels and a richer overall tune.  Perhaps consider adding sound/graphics option to cycle between SMS/TG16/Modern?  That would be amazing!  Anyhow, the link below shows what the original tune is like on the TG16, which is far more rich than what is here otherwise as far as the chip tune goes.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-vD6rIjXrcI2cHZ5RDy-TqW8h3iI4lXp"
,Recommended,543260,32536818,Posted: 18 June,all,Aaronimusha,"Phenomenal.This is a master class in how a remake should be done. Any game companies, large or small, who want to remake a game in the future, should take many notes from this game."
76561197970161340,Recommended,543260,32377690,Posted: 12 June,all,Kieloch,"This is how all remakes should be.  Being able to switch from retr to remastered audio and graphics on the fly is so much fun to compare.  The game wasn't screwed with to make it ""more modern"" .  Perfect.  I hope this group does more remakes."
,Recommended,543260,33682571,Posted: 20 July,all,SilentBugler,"While it speaks to the strength of the original game's design that this mechanically faithful recreation can still be a treat for a fan of modern metroidvanias, I must admit that without the remake's beautiful arranged soundtrack and re-imagined visuals I would not have played Dragon's Trap at all.This game is not particularly difficult, especially if you poke around for secrets. which may be a turnoff for some, but for me provided a rather relaxing experience thanks to the above mentioned audio-visual delights.Please note: I have not played the original or similar action RPGs of its era."
,Recommended,543260,32288394,Posted: 9 June,all,Sililos,Was a great dose of nostalgia to say the least.The art style is really cute and hte remastered music does the origional justice.Was well worth the buy and id definitly recomend it to old and new players alike.
16354968431681013,Recommended,543260,32266925,Posted: 8 June,all,Vincent,Just thank you so much for bringing back this great game from my chilhood.
,Recommended,543260,32363392,Posted: 12 June,all,BladeNZ,"Oh my gosh, where to begin?I was browsing my Steam recommendations and flicked past a few games, during my travels I came across theis gem. After watching the trailers and doing a little researching I decided to skip over playing the original releases and just stating this. I was not disappointed. The game starts off much as the trailer suggests, a dragon curses you to be.. well.. a dragon.I am not much of a platformer gamer, I find jumping rather tedious, but I was blown away at the simplistic, while still challenging gameplay. Most of the areas are acessable from the start, with a few exceptions, and the secrets are reasonably well hidden.The character models are adorable! I almost melted at the design of the dragon and the lion. The charater in the church is rather quirky as well, and will make quips about your current character, as well as offering hints. The choice to have HD or 8-Bit audio/graphics was a really nice touch as well.Overall I highly recommend this game to anyone, whether they enjoy platformers or not. This game has been leaving me wanting more."
76561198052665462,Recommended,543260,34880063,Posted: 11 September,all,VReviews - KingPeuche,"Have you played the original?If you have, and any of the tunes got stuck in your head, get this remake.If you have, and none of the tunes got stuck in your head, get a doctor."
,Recommended,543260,32399101,Posted: 13 June,all,DarkreSartre,Really well done. Gorgeous and extremely comfy.
,Recommended,543260,32283995,Posted: 8 June,all,Cegorach,Wow!
76561198371633130,Recommended,543260,33949641,Posted: 1 August,all,Xopoшo,"I thought it might be a pixel game at first. But actually the pics and BGM can be switched. Either pixel or normal. The drawings are great. As for the levels... sometimes I wonder if I could save data, when level's half completed...Cause it will be so tired to repeat the same level for a lot of time, it sometimes drive me crazy...  Anyway , really like this game. The normal mode is enough for me..."
,Recommended,543260,32267489,Posted: 8 June,all,danthemanic,"I love it!  Just the game that I remember from my childhood and given the justice it deserves.  Well done to the team, the mechanics are perfect, the music amazing, and the visuals superb!I rarely buy games at full price on release, but I'm happy I did for this one."
76561198008861062,Recommended,543260,32267845,Posted: 8 June,all,C Swords,"Wonder Boy The Dragon's Trap. Need I say more?This game is amazing, I love the new graphics and sound. There is nothing that I have found that I could complain about. Lizardcube have done an amazing job with this game. The fact you can switch between retro and modern at the click of a button is awesome.The sound job these guys have done is epic. The graphics are epic. If you are a fan of the original, you will love this just as much!"
76561198210746057,Not Recommended,543260,35105472,Posted: 21 September,all,jkowalski74,"First, I would be remiss if I didn't mention a few standout positives of this game:+ The hand-drawn graphics of this game are gorgeous.  It was a visual treat from start to finish.+ The option to toggle between retro and modern sound AND graphics was also really cool.  Clearly there was a lot of love put into the remake here.+ The game itself is kinda fun.  It has a clearly articulated world with bouncy innocence, and some neat proto-action-rpg elements.Now, the bad, which completely ruined this game for me:- The controls.Yep, just that.  They were so unbelievably heavy, imprecise, and tank-like that it almost sapped all the fun out of my experience.  If terrible controls are charming to you, then the positives I mentioned above will probably win the day for you.  But beware: I'm not exaggerating when I say that this game has the WORST controls I have ever experienced in a video game.  I really wish the developers had provided an option to play with either ""original"" or ""modern"" controls.  As it is, I can't recommend it."
76561198047269460,Recommended,543260,32708743,Posted: 23 June,all,AnarkySWG,"A faithful remake, but little effort gone into it and seems fairly rushed.No alternate sword / shield / armor artwork , everything's the same... while some area's look well polished, others look like the concept art stage and are very rough indeed. I know this might be the aim from the developer but WB3 originally was a very polished game.While every aspect of this is identical to the original (with only a couple of very small changes) the game is actually smaller than the original.By increasing the scale of all the sprites, they have made the land seem very small.. a few jumps and you are already across the screen - so IMO a monumental stuff up because the scale is so dang important, not to mention alot of the NPC's seem well over scale also.While it sounds like im being picky, I sort of have to be - it was my favourite game as kid growing up and it was one of those remakes I knew was going to be awesome or awful - I wouldn't say awesome but well worth the play through to see  a game you know so well with updated graphics.+8 for the art/ Boss artwork, they did fantastic.-1 for the demure nurse - you made her way to sleazy compared to the original happy jap nurse.It almost looks like she is a heroin addict laying back in her chair about to take a hit.-1 for Pirhana mans's swim animation - it seems very rushed and has an awkward motion (he is flippering standing vertically.. but swimming forward...)Finished it before I could blink."
76561198011635427,Recommended,543260,32266368,Posted: 8 June,all,psylo23,awesome
,Recommended,543260,32548524,Posted: 18 June,all,hondsgemein,"Thank you, devs. I love you very much."
76561198005190320,Recommended,543260,32366512,Posted: 12 June,all,Thug [FR],"Just ""Shut up and take my money"" ! :)My best SMS game ever. I am just wondering if there will be WonderBoy the Dragons Trap II. That would be so awesome."
,Recommended,543260,32335292,Posted: 10 June,all,Jovian,A HD remake masterclass.
76561197974893913,Recommended,543260,32333423,Posted: 10 June,all,ChibiHeroDan,Feels like home.
76561198032575952,Recommended,543260,32988736,Posted: 29 June,all,shane007,awesome so glad they remade this. awesome awesome awesome
76561197961743880,Recommended,543260,32334824,Posted: 10 June,all,xoijNeb,Awesome game.
,Recommended,543260,32360759,Posted: 12 June,all,likwidneo,10/10 I cried while fapping to this game.
76561197960270992,Not Recommended,543260,33623767,Posted: 17 July,all,benoit.j.chevalier,"Disclaimer: I've never played wonder boy before.4 hours of game for 20 bucks seems a bit excessive to me. The gameplay is kind of interesting but feel underused. Controls feel very oldie which I guess is on purpose, but that makes the last fight just painful and ot enjoyable (turning left or right while flying stops your going down momentum).Might be better if you played it as a kid"
,Not Recommended,543260,32666647,Posted: 22 June,all,Succinct And Punchy,"It's a very pretty, well-scored coat of paint over a core game that's just kind of bad. Wonder Boy is a game with really awkward platforming and some mildly obtuse game design, when either of those two aren't being annoying, it's super basic. It's a genuine shame such a talented, passionate group of people's effort was kind of wasted on polishing a turd.Shiniest turd ever though, I will give credit for that."
,Not Recommended,543260,32272480,Posted: 8 June,all,Anonysaurus,This wonderful and beautiful game inherited really clunky and unresponsive controls. I can't find the way to improve it :c
76561198065363912,Not Recommended,543260,32275038,Posted: 8 June,all,Ben,"To put it blunty nothing imerses the player into the game. Yes it's nostalgic then again how many games accomplishes this? Alot.Feels like there's no point, no story...Why should I play? It feels like I just want to rush to the end to finish the game because there's simply nothing to it."
76561197995369485,Recommended,543260,33049976,Posted: 30 June,all,Substance,"A fun little adventure. Its got elements of a metroid vania, you gain power ups and explore areas, there is no map, no hand holding. The Remake is lovingly crafted with beautiful graphics, and the option to select retro/modern visuals & music on the fly. I liked that the Developer had the option for PlayStation button prompts, more developers need to have that as a standard option."
76561198266375550,Recommended,543260,33071944,Posted: 1 July,all,LucreciaKuroluna,"Fun short game, but still offers plenty to bring you back.  Perfect fun for a quick gaming fix, which doesn't require hours of your time.  Yet still has enough to keep everyone happy."
76561198297902060,Recommended,543260,32459842,Posted: 15 June,all,loons5150,"I learned after I purchased the game that this is a remake of the original 1989 Sega Master System game with all the 2017 tech available. From the second I started playing, this game was just plain fun! It's a nice, little gem with a Metroidvania feel, amazing art syle, cool character changing technique and a neat homage to the retro, 8-bit graphics and sound of the original. Pick this one up for sure!"
76561197976844304,Recommended,543260,32439997,Posted: 15 June,all,G3n3ric Pwny,"The Cons.The game was one of those old games that where a little difficult but not realy,  but didn't have a whole lot in them, so as such the game is rather short................Well thats it for the Cons!The ProsThe Art style is AMAZING. The fact you can seemlesly switch between the old style graphics and the new ones make this game a polished bit of nostalgia, and there ain't nothing that can beat that.The Music is well written and fits the theme perfectly. I'll be snap buying the OST. It has that wonderful feeling that has you bouncing along with some of the happier music and has you on edge with some of the dungeon music. I'm look at you wrcked ship.... Oh and the most important thing, the RETRO sound track? IT SOUNDS GOOD! Anyone played the ghastly abomination on the 360 that was called SplatterHouse 3 , the retro games in the CD sounded FUGGIN HORRIBLE! It ruined everthing, THis game? This game does it right.The Gameplay is a bit of a double edge sword, i couldn't put this in the con's because to me, it makes the game that much more nolstagic. Swinging your weapon and the timing can be a little irratating and you will find yourself taking ""stupid"" damage . The platforming is a little, well.. Airy? It can be hard to land on some platforms, in some areas but that just takes a little time to get used to the controles.  It holds that retro feel though, and I like!The story? Your a guy getting cursed by a dragon , the story given here isn't no Works by Stephen King or some epic tail like a Square-Enix game, you just got a cut and dry simple story. You are a dragon slayer, go do your job. You have a little coloful interactions with the shop keepers and nurses, so long as you play with the new graphics rather then the retro.All and all, the game is great for what it is, a old gem taken out, given a fresh polish and cleaned up nice. I give it a solid ""BUY ME!""  for this gem."
76561198036763912,Recommended,543260,32353038,Posted: 11 June,all,whoisbatman,"I have a lot of love and nostalgia for the original, even having played it on an emulator only a couple of years ago, so it would have been hard, in my opinion, to really do the game justice if anyone ever remade it... but remake it they did and oh boy, did they do it justice. In fact, I think they even improved on the game a lot.The graphics are wonderful with the hand-drawn animations by Ben Fiquet really adding so much value and enjoyment as you play. Your animal forms, the dragon bosses, and all the enemy creatures are all a joy to behold. The backgrounds and even foregrounds provide you with a sense of a world that is populated and rich with lore. It's probably one of the biggest improvements on the original game that I can point to.The musical score of the old melodies composed by Shinichi Sakamoto and newly arranged by Michael Geyre are SO good. I loved the old tunes, they're some of my favorite 8-bit pieces, but the new music is, again, so rich, so lovingly made, that it just adds to the experience and tenfolds your enjoyment.As an aside, it's always fun to be able to see the old graphics and hear the old music with the press of a button. It really makes for a wonderful trip down memory lane.Mechanically they didn't much touch the game. Combat still requires skill, patience, zeal, and practice. The different animal forms all have their abilities, special skills, and optimal weapon, shield, and armor load-outs. The enemies all have patterns that you need to remember and anticipate. The world is littered with secret doors and events for you to explore. Frankly, the game was already pretty tight so there wasn't much to improve there (though they did, here and there, with new challenges, smoother mechanics, and a slightly more easy going attitude).All in all, it's both a blast from the past and a really great new game. I give it a 13 outta 10 and no mistake."
,Recommended,543260,33414173,Posted: 9 July,all,Mr. Saturn,Fantastic. Exactly what a remake should be.
76561197969379991,Recommended,543260,32270257,Posted: 8 June,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,"This remake is awesome. I must have played this originally by the time it came out in '89 and the experience stayed with me till today. I played the game couple of times since then. its great to see this is new hd glory with great art style and best of all you can switch back and forth while playing to retro look and hd with just the push of a button. you can also play old school graphics with new music. its sooo great to hear the new interpretation of the music as well. the controls are very crisp (playing with xbox controller) and feel just like they did in the original. A lot of love seems to have been put into this. very recommended, especially to nostalgics like me."
76561197970684034,Recommended,543260,32273958,Posted: 8 June,all,James_UK,"A superb remake of the original game. If you've played the original game, just buy it. :)This should easily set the bar on how remakes are ultimately made. It's flawless in just about every way.I really hope that Monster Boy and the Cursed Kingdom has the same level of dedication and effort put into it as this game has when it comes out."
,Recommended,543260,32283169,Posted: 8 June,all,Blitzen365,"If you're over 30 years old, this will immediately bring you memories of your childhood. I didn't own a Master System myself back then, but seeing this immediately brought back to my mind the evenings of 1989 I spent with my friends playing this game.This version is incredibly faithful to the original game, and the new animations do the game real justice, giving it the touch that technology in the late '80s would leave to our imagination. Everything that made this game so memorable is there - and by that I really mean it: the original Master System graphics and audio are there as well, and not just that, you can switch between original and remastered audio and graphics separately and on-the-fly!tl;dr: Highly recommended!"
76561198009312451,Recommended,543260,32280021,Posted: 8 June,all,Jairus-Z,"This is one of the best remastered games I've played.  The graphics, soundtrack, sound effects have all been drastically improved without changing any of the properties of the game. I was amazed at how the hit boxes and platforms feel the same as the original as I never thought I had to adjust my playstyle to accommodate the updated graphics.This isn’t a 1:1 recreation but I felt the very few changes are for the better.  I doubt anyone will ever say they enjoyed grinding for charm stones just to buy new equipment or equip a certain sword to break stones. The added “Unknown Location” levels adds a new challenge for those who’ve already played every nook and cranny of this game whether 20+ years or just a few months ago.Not only is this an awesome game to remaster(and very well done), it’s also a retro game that can be enjoyed by anyone and I believe the gameplay aged pretty well with its tight controls and simple pacing."
76561198025302043,Recommended,543260,32280480,Posted: 8 June,all,Iury,An amazing retro game made new again with this superb remaster.The attention to features like mixing old and new assets plus the option to choose the button prompts shows that the developers love what they do and really care about the final product.To make it even better consider a dlc whith caracter skins from monica's gang.
,Recommended,543260,32285482,Posted: 9 June,all,Tzalumen,"I first played this game on the PC Engine. It was a fantastic action RPG at the time, and the gameplay was, and is, fantastically well designed.With the beautiful hand-crafted art and music polishing off the solid gameplay, and the inclusion of the original sound and graphics for optional use, I don't think there is anywhere else to take this game. This is *the* definitive version, and if you like action RPGs, this should absolutely be added to your collection.This game is a stunning example of a remake done right, and I hope this company makes more of these in the future!"
,Recommended,543260,32299923,Posted: 9 June,all,Boolean263,"I haven't played this game for very long yet, but I'm already in love with it. This is a retro remake done right!I never played the original version of this game, so I have no nostalgia goggles about how good it was. I bought this game based on the hand-drawn remastered graphics, because the world has too few games that put such effort into their art. The art is drawn with both skill and love, and it shows. Very fluid transitional and incidental animations, and they really give the characters, well, character.The remastered soundtrack is beautiful so far as well. It was recorded with actual instruments, a rare touch in indie games these days that makes the gaming experience that much richer. Either way, it's cheerful and atmospheric.The game itself is fun. It feels right for a platformer from 1989. Controls with just the right amount of play in them to force you to plan your play, not just twitch your way through, yet tight enough that you can twitch in a pinch. Difficulty (on normal mode) is challenging, but not unfair. It feels so far like a bit of a Metroidvania style game, with each area I've visited so far teasing towards alternate approaches and secret shortcuts once I've unlocked the right power. You get bumped back to the hub world when you die, which is a little frustrating, but not out of line with how games were made back in the day. No save points for you to crawl your way between — develop the skill and memory to make it through the long haul!I look forward to my next session with this game. I highly recommend it to platformer fans and fans of good art and music in games, whether or not you're familiar with the game's pixellated origins."
,Recommended,543260,32271760,Posted: 8 June,all,Pish,A well-done remake of a classic. You can even set the graphics and audio to the original 8-bit style.
,Recommended,543260,32281651,Posted: 8 June,all,Double - U,"The programming certainly shows its age, but this remake has enough new bells and whistles to make it worth purchasing. There's never been a better time to discover, or rediscover, this retro gem."
,Recommended,543260,32361750,Posted: 12 June,all,Ogre Rey,"The new visuals and music are awesome,"
,Recommended,543260,32359913,Posted: 12 June,all,Bebek,"Thanks for bringing such a classic into a master piece ! Everything is perfect,pros:- Visualy gorgeous and sumptuous- Musics are beautifull- The gameplay is so good- The possibility to change back into retro mode on fly (Makes me realize that I have no will to play to the old version again :D)cons:- Sad that i already finish it :("
,Recommended,543260,32357789,Posted: 11 June,all,Iroh the Magical Cat,"I've loved the Wonder Boy games (the action RPG ones anyway, not the first platformer one) since I played the Sega Genesis ""Wonder Boy in Monster World"". I went back and played the original Dragon's Trap years later.The animation in this remake is fluid and gorgeous. The controls are generally smooth, and the action is still fun for what is essentially an old game. I'm having a great time playing this remake, and the challenge so far has been just right  - though the secret challenge rooms are tricky!"
,Recommended,543260,32357106,Posted: 11 June,all,Reapman,"Awesome remake of a classic game, I spent untold hours playing this as a kid in the 90s.  It's a perfect remake, a single button will swap between the hand drawn graphics and the original 8 bit, and another button does the same for the music to experience what it was like originally.  Not a long game, but this is in my top 10 of all time favourite games."
76561198017189485,Recommended,543260,32358855,Posted: 11 June,all,Smaug,"A great nostalgia trip.  If you're like me and remember this as one of the best games you played on the Master System, you should buy this.  An excellent modernization of the title.  I'm blown away by the artwork and the sountrack is amazing.  An A+ job."
,Recommended,543260,32346607,Posted: 11 June,all,Wheeljack,Eff yeah!!!! this is how i remember this game looking.......it didn't btw
76561197995723154,Recommended,543260,32356200,Posted: 11 June,all,Deex,"I've only played for a couple hours and this being my first ever Wonderboy/girl game I gotta say - I love it.So much attention to detail and so much love went into this game from the music, the graphics and being able to switch to ""retro"" mode was a nice touch.Gamplay is simple yet effective, RPG elements to make killing enemies interesting, each ""Monster"" end dungeon ends up fair but challenging.If you want to play a Platformer/RPG this is the one. Get it."
,Recommended,543260,32285051,Posted: 8 June,all,JavaDog,"As a kid I loved this game. Took me over a week to finish the game the first time, (now it might take 2-4 hours)Love the HD remake. This is how I saw the game in my mind as a kidGame doesn't run on fullscreen for some reason (it would crash on launch) however you might just have to disable fullscreen via the config. Other than that I'm enjoying my memories coming back to me as a child."
,Recommended,543260,32353021,Posted: 11 June,all,MrsKayRansom,Super fun. Super cute. Super addictive. What more could you need?
,Recommended,543260,32352749,Posted: 11 June,all,Silk,"If you loveed the original, buy it. If you never played the original, buy it."
,Recommended,543260,32301588,Posted: 9 June,all,Haleat,Remake should always be like that game
,Recommended,543260,32303712,Posted: 9 June,all,Shurikane,"+++ Sublime artwork and animation+++ Beautiful, atmospheric music+++ Some minor tweaks and anti-frustration features for a more streamlined experience--- Newcomers will feel quite lost--- Can be 100%'d in a sitting or twoQuite openly a labor of love made for the nostalgics among us.  Refreshed graphics and sounds will be sure to please those who have played the original, as the game is a near-perfect reproduction of the 1989 game.  Understandably, this means that those who've never played it before will have some trouble finding their way in a game that, unlike most modern ones, offers little to no pointers as to where the next destination should be - and sometimes, that destination is far from obvious.Definitely pick it up if you have played the original, to feel once more like a child for about four hours.  Make it eight if having a go at Hard Mode."
,Recommended,543260,32304188,Posted: 9 June,all,SAJewers,"This game is an HD remaster of a 1989 Sega Master System game ""Wonder Boy III: The Dragon's Trap"", which was also ported to the Game Gear (as Monster World II: Thr Dragon's Trap) and TurboGrafx-16/PC-Engine (as Dragon's Curse/Adventure Island).Visuals and audio were completely remade, and are beautiful, though the original SMS graphics/audio is an option. Gameplay is a very basic Metroidvania, and may feel dated to some people, though fans of retro games will have no issues. Very few changes to the gameplay have been made from the original; the Charm Points mechanic is gone, and there's a few new bonus rooms.If you're a retro gaming fan, you'll love this. If you like Metroidvanias, then you might owe it to yourself to play a remaster of one of the forefathers of the genre."
76561198107385672,Recommended,543260,32350412,Posted: 11 June,all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"As I owned the original game on Sega Master System, I cannot help but to love this game. Yet I am not going to throw flowers and floud a sugarcoated river of compliments on it. There are thousands and thousands of talented illustrators in the world who can produce quality visuals and many excellent programs to work with so this game is everything but not a jewel. My love for it is completely subjective entitlement. It's an ok game for those who enjoy the original. I  ❤ love ❤ this game yet I don't feel the same exitement I had with Freedom Planet. Wonderful arranged sound tracks. I think it's an excellent game for those who know the original version and love it as much as I do.Charm stones optional quest: Few extra short but more difficult bonus zones."
76561198202712983,Recommended,543260,32370208,Posted: 12 June,all,peter.vanlil,"""This is how a remake should be made""...Nothing else to add..."
,Recommended,543260,32374250,Posted: 12 June,all,Darkstorm0X53,"There is something truely special about a game like this, when it is more fun for me to pick this up vs any modern title that says more than one can say...I remember playing this back when i was about 8, my favourite SMS game.the HD visuals and sound have allowed for this game to age extremely well.Hats off and bow to the developers, Excellent work guys!an abolute must have for the Retro enthusiast!literally the only negative i can think of is the extra month wait for PC players for the release of this masterpiece."
,Recommended,543260,32370571,Posted: 12 June,all,Metatron,"This is one of my absolute favorite games from my childhood.  I had the original on Sega Master System, as well as the TurboGrafx 16 version, ""The Dragon's Curse.""  Let me start by saying that this is the best remake I've ever played.  They kept the mechanics very close to the original, although the charisma points were eleminated, and some of the items are now easier to obtain.The artwork is absolutely gorgeous. The music is beautifully done, keeping the original pieces, but arranged for real instruments.  You can even press a button and toggle back to completely original graphics and music.  It is very obvious that this was made by true fans of the game.  There was a lot of love put in to this title.This is a platformer with RPG elements.  It can be challenging at times; I know the original gave me more than a few headaches on some of the levels.  The creators have added an easy and hard difficulty.  I'm almost through my normal difficulty playthourgh, and really look forward to trying out hard mode next.  The game is oldschool, and if that's not your thing, you may not enjoy it.  If you love a good challenging platformer that lets you get gear to upgrade your stats, then this is definitely for you."
76561198062922439,Recommended,543260,32659512,Posted: 22 June,all,mattiaiannone,"Great game if you grew up with this kind of game. Graphics are really great with a cartoonish style. Gameplay is according to the style of that gaming age. Personally i finished it twice, in normal and hard mode. really loved it"
,Recommended,543260,32631045,Posted: 21 June,all,CzarChasmSA,"Right in the Nostalgia. This was one of my favorite games growing up, and for a long time I've been searching for a way to get an old working master system and all of the games that I had from back then. And it's great that I can now relive this old favorite just the way I remembered it. And that's fantastic. But the new graphics and updated soundtrack push it over the top. The art is absolutely stunning, bringing new depth to the backgrounds that simply couldn't have been done 30 years ago. The animation is fluid and full of life, and it's amazing to see how great all the little things look. You can tell that this was made with real love.The one downside is that it is a little on the short side (but so was the original) and it's not quite as challenging as I remember it being when I was a kid. But being able to be brought back to that time with the click of a button is just fantastic.My only other wish is that this same developer might be able to bring new life to some other classic games (Wonder Boy II or One of the Alex Kidd games maybe?)"
,Recommended,543260,32593505,Posted: 20 June,all,Crash,"This game is a masterpiece. Was alreay great at the time it was released for Master System, but this remake fixes most (if not all) unbalanced things, like enemies pushing you back one screen without you being able to dodge it.Also the art and music are simply amazing. And there's a few more new content in this one. Worth every penny. Get it even if you didn't knew the Master System version."
76561198007101562,Recommended,543260,32449087,Posted: 15 June,all,Drenix,"One of the most highest quality ever re-makes on an old classic.Great game.It's got me wanting to play side scroller's all over again, except there's hardly any done this well."
,Recommended,543260,32371188,Posted: 12 June,all,Shadowlord90 (Nikolai),"Wonderboy III: The Dragon's Trap was a childhood game I grew up on. As a result, I have a TON of nostalgia for this game, and I loved it back then. As a remake, it's expected to meet the standards of the original game, while also offering a bit more to give you more bank for your buck, as most solid remakes give. So does The Dragon's Trap live up to the original?Story====This game is a direct Sequel to Wonderboy in Monster Land. After the journey, Shion confronts the dreaded Meka Dragon and defeats him; however upon striking down the Meka Dragon, he is inflicted with a curse, transforming him into a dragon. Shion must now travel and journey through Monster Land, striking down more dragons to eventually cure himself of this curse to return himself to being human.Graphics======This is a case where the devs went above and beyond. The game features HD, beautiful designed graphics that are amazing to look at and view. They designed so many awesome animations and truly fleshed out how they thought things looked (details like Hawk Man leaping like a bird for his movement is an amazing touch). But, if you feel homesick for the original Sega Master System graphics, don't fear; hitting Right Back Trigger allows you to switch between Retro Graphics and Modern Graphics.Gameplay=======Gameplay is truly perfectly matched with the original. You get 6 different forms (Dragon, Mouse, Piranha, Lion, Hawk, Human), each with their own different gameplay abilities and functions. Each character has strengths and weaknesses, as well as gain benefits from Swords, Armors and Shields found differently, encouraging you to mix and match to find the best combinations. The gameplay is kept simply, with A jumping, X swinging your sword, Y bringing up your weapon inventory, and B casting magic. Left and Right Shoulder buttons cycle through your magic, and the back shoulder buttons shuffle between Retro Sound and Graphics. It's a nice balance of gameplay. There's also 3 difficulty levels, with Normal being the original game, and easy being a toned back version. However, Hard mode offers in a timer, similar to Wonderboy in Monster Land, adding a new layer of challenge to the original adventure, forcing one to have to rush.Sound=====Music is remixed and wonderfully done, all the areas have a distinct remix of the tracks, but once again if you get homesick for the retro sound, you can switch it on. Sound effects are in a similar boat, they all sounds awesome. Downloadable DLC soundtrack is apparently on it's way.Bonus Content===========So of course, being a remake, bonus content is a must have, however to keep the guide spoiler free, I will not be telling you what, where or how this stuff is used. There are 6 bonus dungeons to complete; hidden decently well, and an all powerful super sword for clearing at least 5 of them. There is also a gallery containing a ton of concept art, recording of the music and developers, and additional unlocks. It's truly a wealth of content.Overall, I can Strongly recommend this game. If you're a fan of 2D Platformers, Wonderboy III: The Dragon's Trap is a must play. It's a Sega Master System Classic given new life."
76561197997729819,Recommended,543260,33171899,Posted: 3 July,all,~♥★Kuiper Fox★♥~,"Amazing Soundtrack, Beautiful Visuals.. and Dragons!What's Not To Love!!? <3 <3Also the switching between the old and new graphics is just awesome!!If you love old Classics this game is for you!"
76561198097008233,Recommended,543260,33699025,Posted: 21 July,all,LAuchen,Brillant remake of one of my favorite game of all time. I can highly recommend it if you like old school plattform games!
76561198046239614,Recommended,543260,33595171,Posted: 16 July,all,Dreadful QB!,"Your Childhood, REMASTEREDI can say without fear of being wrong that this is, by far and large, not only the best remaster of a classic game. It's also perhaps the best of the whole nostalgia gaming wave to date.If your age range is around the 40s and you grew up with a Sega Master System then all I have to say is: YES, it IS as good as you remember, it is just as sweet, and the remaster will bring a tear to your eye. The downside, if you have been a gamer this long, however, is this: The game is going to be too short and too easy. While gaming today has gotten a lot more forgiving in several areas, it has grown also more complex and provides richer experiences, so unless you pace yourself and play in hard mode, then you'll probably finish the game in two days tops (even if now you're a busy person).Still, short as it may be, and easy as it may be, BUY IT. It's worth every penny, and you won't have a sweeter trip down the nostalgia lane.10/10, want more Sega remakes from Dot Emu and Lizardcube. Preferably Dynamite Dux or Zillion."
,Recommended,543260,33798632,Posted: 25 July,all,Scorch77,"Love it, Really good remake and really fun."
,Recommended,543260,33890837,Posted: 29 July,all,anubiandragon,"I wish I could say something profound about this game, but everybody's already covered that already.  So I'll just summarize: if you played the Dragon's Trap a long time ago, this is the same game but with nostalgia goggles that actually work.  Lizardcube made it as beautiful as your memory painted it.The game is slightly easier than its original version, mostly because the widescreen aspect grants you additional insight into an area before you are under attack.  There's also less gold farming and charmstone farming has been removed; the game is more puzzle than grind now, which is nice but shortens the playtime.  Gameplay mechanics are identical to the original (down to the fact that you can literally switch back to emulator view), but the controls are a little more convenient... the inventory is certainly easier to deal with since you don't have to pop in to switch spells.Overall a fantastic remake."
,Recommended,543260,33748003,Posted: 23 July,all,HoneyTribeShaz,"Very well made. The new art and music re-create a lovely game world. Being able to switch between the original and new presentation is great. New aspects such as the menus are all very easy to use. You can see a lot of careful effort has gone into this. Recommended to anybody who enjoyed the original game. Having said that, the animation and music are so good I suspect many who didn't play the riginal would also like this."
,Recommended,543260,33983557,Posted: 2 August,all,Aabra,This is how a remake should be done.  Absolutely top notch quality on everything done here. Being able to instantly switch between retro graphis/audio and the new one is crazy fun.  Not to mention that this was one of my favorite games from childhood.  The game itself is still really good.  I sincerely hope they do more remakes of other classic games!  I can only imagine what the end result would look like if these guys gave Phantasy Star the same treatment.I have already beaten this several times on both normal and hard difficulty but I still can't get enough of it.  I'm seriously considering taking up speedrunning just as an excuse to play this more!
