user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197996123374,Recommended,544330,32516871,Posted: 17 June,all,sms7one3,"WHAT IS THIS GAME?This game is all about mastering the wonky controls of a snake protoganist in order to collect items throughout obstacle courses.WHAT THIS GAME *IS NOT*This game doesn't involve solving any puzzles; the levels are designed like obstacle courses, not puzzles.  Also, it's *not* particularly relaxing; you'll often find yourself tightening your grip on the mouse/controller and cringing as you try not to slip off ledges.WHAT GENRE IS THIS GAME?It's not quite an adventure in the spirit of Banjo-Kazooie.  I would actually liken it more to Mirror's Edge.  Like Mirror's Edge, the game is based entirely around your skills with a particular set of moves/controls.HOW DIFFICULT IS THIS GAME?There's a steep learning curve at the beginning, but about an hour or two into the game, you'll realize that the game is pretty easy to complete.  However, the game is significantly more difficult if you try to collect all the collectibles and *especially* if you try to collect all the Steam achievements.  This game is good for both casual gamers and ""serious"" gamers alike.IS THIS GAME WORTHWHILE?Yes, this game is definitely worthwhile.  The most common complaint among the negative reviews seems to be that people don't like the controls.  Well, mastering the controls is the whole point!  Be prepared for a steep learning curve over the first hour of gameplay, but if you're OK with that, then I think most people would enjoy this game."
,Recommended,544330,32146511,Posted: 3 June,all,Kazz,"Wait, an indie game where the devs release a great, polished and uniqe game and not some semi finished product on early access? You guys are an example for other developers, take notes guys."
76561198295985891,Recommended,544330,32540203,Posted: 18 June,all,Augustus,"I'd suggest this game to anyone looking a fresh platformer. Not a perfect game, but I think the few weaknesses can be overlooked.Pros:The mechanics are very satisfying, the characters are charming, the levels are well designed (for the most part). The game looks made with love.Cons:A bit frustrating at part, mostly when you want to collect the rare coins. I used a guide, but you get a tool for that when you finish the game.The camera can be wonky at times and can trip you up in tight situations.Could use a few more rewards for collecting all collectibles, for example a recolor of the snake, or different hats, or something like that"
76561198127533481,Recommended,544330,32188025,Posted: 4 June,all,FLGibsonIII,"TL;DR: Best game I have ever played in my life.While the save system, camera and checkpoints are troublesome, the gameplay is pure fun. I haven't had as much fun with a games gameplay in a while, and that's what your really want from games... Right?"
,Recommended,544330,32773322,Posted: 25 June,all,Mattborges1,"This game is so much fun.The graphics are really beautiful, the snake's movement is really well done and the controls are good, the performance is great.I think it goes without saying, but this game is not an action game. You're not going to go about devouring animals or other monsters. What you have to do here is collect all the orbs, coins and gate keys, while avoiding some hazards and, obsviously, falling to your ""death"".When you manage to collect those hard to reach coins, make sure you go back and touch the nearest checkpoing, otherwise you will have to collect everything you got after the last checkpoint... and that is not very enjoyable.The camera is a bit crazy sometimes, but not all bad. It's been a long time since I played a game so nice and relaxing.The only problem in my opinion are the unskippable cutscenes. That is really anoying. A simple update can solve that problem.Also, WORKSHOP, we so need it. This game is a MUST BUY already, but if we get workshop... oh my!"
76561198083346503,Recommended,544330,30793027,Posted: 28 March,all,Kenny,"Pros:you're a snekyou have a bird brosnek physicschallengingyou can make cute snek faces with the dpadfeels original but brings back memories of games like spyrotook me 20 minutes to beat the first level because of those coinsCons:you sometimes have to prime your bird bro up, with Y, which isn't great.  He is supposed to pick up your tail and remove the weight of it but sometimes i have to hit it twice when i'm already slipping.the camera can be weird a times7/10 Was never tread on"
,Recommended,544330,33063660,Posted: 30 June,all,BillOhReally,"In Snake Pass, you play the role of Noodle, a lazy snake basking in the sun when suddenly he must go on an adventure to save the world.Snake Pass is an old school collect-a-thon platformer where you control a snake.ProsControlling Noodle is a unique and fun experience and learning to control him well is very rewarding.Gameplay is quite simple and relaxing consisting of you exploring a level, solving environmental puzzles and performing cool moves to collect collectables.Additional obstacles and puzzle elements are added over the course of the game which keeps the game interesting as you go along.Art is cartoony and clean.ConsMusic is okay but can get quite repetitive because the same songs will end up looping each for an hour or two.If you're looking to play a relaxing and rewarding platformer with a unique control scheme then you can hardly go wrong with Snake Pass."
,Recommended,544330,32794185,Posted: 25 June,all,Fed,"This game's wonderful. Controls are intuitive as heck and the platforming is ever so satisfying despite how simplistic it appears to be. My only gripe, which isn't the fault of the game but my own anatomy is that I get cramp in those particularly tense snekin' moments."
,Recommended,544330,30837561,Posted: 30 March,all,MDL,"Gameplay:It's a platformer with a really unique control scheme. Since you play as a snake, you must slither on the ground just to get going and you'll need to wriggle yourself around the stage and obstacles to reach all the collectibles, so you can get to the exit. The controls are really tight and challenging. But once you get used to them, it really feels wonderful :)Graphics:It looks great and polished. It's got that Nintendo 64 Rare game charm but with an HD makeover. But don't let the cuteness fool you. You will die !Music:David frickin' Wise is on the soundtrack ! So happy to hear him once more after DKR : Tropical FreezeThe music is really pleasing and give the whole experience a relaxing mood and fills me with a sense of nostalgia :DStory:This game takes places shortly  after the events of Metal Gear Solid 3, so you better play that one before.Length:Took me 3 hours to get everything in the first 4 easy levels. 15 levels total should get you easily at least 15 hours of gameplay, if like me, you NEED to collect every single shiny trinket there is !I give Snake Pass a big recommendation !If you're looking for a great and challengingcollectathonpick this one up.Here's hoping Yooka-Laylee reaches this level of excellence !"
,Recommended,544330,30901319,Posted: 2 April,all,krayzkrok,"Snake Pass is brilliant. It's a classic case of being ""easy to learn, difficult to master"" because your main character, Noodle the snake, is not your average videogame character. He/she is, in fact, a snake (albeit a very cute, vegetarian one) with a long, snakey body that is integral to mastering the game. Noodle moves and behaves precisely as you'd expect a snake should, the body beign a long (heavy and slippery) muscle able to coil around objects and push the head forwards. Even the simple act of moving along the ground greatly benefits from moving sinusoidally like... well, a snake. Climbing poles requires you to consider where the weight is distributed so that you don't slide off, when to grip, when to let go and slide fowards, and how to control the head to twist yourself around to get a better grip. If this sounds difficult... well, it is at first. Beyond the initial basic movement, there's a steep learning curve to true master snakery. It can be frustrating until you get it, but once you do the game opens up, and slithering around each level's dense playground becomes a genuine joy.It's worth pointing out that Noodle the snake is quite the charmer (sorry, I am trying to avoid snake puns, it's not easy). He doesn't say much, but he oohs, ahhs, and whoas at exactly the right moments. Seeing him shivering with fear and saying ""aaaah!"" as you balance precariously over a drop is not only endearing, but precisely what you'll be doing too. It's quite tense! Fortunately all this vaguely slapstick cartoonery helps to mitigate the difficulty.It's not perfect, the main issue being the camera. Most of the time it's fine, but it can also be a pain in the butt. You can control it with the right stick, zoom out a bit, and snap it back into a set position, but doing all this while Noodling can be quite tense as you let go of the controls for a second to adjust the camera. This isn't a fast-paced game so generally this isn't a problem, but occasionally it takes on a mind of its own when you least want it to. When you're clambering around under scenery, it's very easy for the action to get obscured by objects, and underwater it never quite seems to give you the perfect angle. Sessions can be long if you want to try and pick up every last collectible. If you finish the level, anything you collect is saved, so you can come back later to grab the remaining items if you prefer. You have to reach a checkpoint for any collection to be saved, though, which can seem frustrating when you grab a coin and then die, but the point is the challenge is getting there, and then getting back to safety again. Fortunately checkpoints can be used at any time, and they're generally never far away.Overall this is a beautiful looking game, popping with bright colours and character. Special mention goes to the music by David Wise, which is really top notch stuff reminiscent of Donkey Kong Country. Rare would have been proud to make this game I think, particularly its innovative and novel main character."
,Recommended,544330,30854616,Posted: 31 March,all,Ethical Lune™,"Wonderful and extremely charming game, feels like you're playing a game from the golden age but at the same time a modern title, never gotten that feeling from a game before.I'd like to add that the game plays perfectly fine with keyboard & mouse, controller is not necesssary so don't worry if you don't own a controller.It's a lot more challenging than it may look, especially in the later levels if you want to get 100% with increasingly difficult level design including spinning machinery, fire pits, spikes, very strong winds and various other things that will test your sneking abilities.Beware however that it is quite short, it took me 6~ hours to get 100% on all 15 levels, there are time trials of each level too if that's your thing which may extend playtime some.I never thought I'd say this, but...Please give us DLC.I rate snek/10"
76561197970684034,Recommended,544330,30796583,Posted: 28 March,all,James_UK,Great game. Was pleasently surprised at how well the controls worked out considering the highly physics based platforming nature of the game. David Wises (Donkey Kong Country composer) music in this was very nice too. Would recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,544330,30800463,Posted: 28 March,all,⛧мᴿвᴼzᴬcᴷ⛧,"+ Classic age-less gameplay. Think Mario 64, Gex, Crash Badicoot, Croc: Legend of the Gobbos or Donkey Kong 64.+ No time limits. Leisurely gameplay with the freedom to explore.+ Quite easy for younger children to learn, with bits so hard that grown adults cry.+ Thoughtful design of environments, controls and characters.+ Smooth experience with beautiful graphics.+ Most innovative use of UE4 engine to date?+ Quality ""finished"" product that AAA titles don't often ship with.+ Soundtrack.+ We played for 111 minutes first go. Everyone wanted to play it."
76561198139983490,Recommended,544330,30794334,Posted: 28 March,all,Seeking that very tiny light,"Gameplay is quite fun, a perfect game for a little chilling after work or study (unless you're going for all those collectibles, which can often be tricky to obtain and requires some *stick manipulation* skills. My left thumb is still suffering physical pain as the result of those. :D). Anyway, this is above all a relaxing casual game, for those who are having a hard time in other platformers with time limit or extremely difficult levels, this is for you.By the way, snake hype!"
76561198001764804,Recommended,544330,30806791,Posted: 28 March,all,tungsten,"This game is amazing.  It's a tight package that has completely unique controls; cheerful art and environments; beautiful music; and cute characters.  This game feels very new, both in terms of graphical fidelity, where it really makes Unreal 4 shine, as well as gameplay, where the complicated movements of a snake are reduced to simple controls that are easy to learn, but hard to master.  This really stands out in an environment of entrenched genres and safe bets.It seems like something that would have come out on the dreamcast or gamecube as a launch title, during a more exploratory era.  With aesthetics that fall somewhere between Crash Bandicoot, Super Monkey Ball, and Banjo Kazooie, it's unmistakably a game for the sake of fun, and despite reminding me of those older classics, it has its own strong identity.  A skeleton of a story takes a back seat to a lush and inviting world filled with detail that compels you to explore it, making sure the focus is on play.I recommend this, not just as a great game, but as a reminder that games can exist for their own sake without having to immerse us, and without having to weave a cinematic narrative."
,Recommended,544330,32001271,Posted: 27 May,all,FastCrab,"I have all achievements but one. My only complaint: Literally nothing is skippable. cutscenes you've seen a thousand times, the intro credits, every little animation that seem to take longer each time you die and have to wait.The story is weak at best, but this is not a game you play for the story. I think the game looks good, the color choice of the snake and bamboo really help the player distinguish intended path.The challenge of snaking is exhilerating! By the end of the game, you can do crazy hard challenges, not because you've unlocked more snake powers, but because you develop the skill of being a snake, you get better. It's a satisfying feeling. This is something new that you can't get in any other game, and to me it justifies the price of admission admirably.It's the most innovative platformer I've played in years."
,Recommended,544330,33147321,Posted: 2 July,all,Snuffy the Evil,Highly recommended for people who like chill platformers and thought the best part of Yooka-Laylee were the parts of the soundtrack David Wise wrote.
,Recommended,544330,31688225,Posted: 11 May,all,Lampenpam,"In short: Probably the better choice over Yooka Laylee.It's a plattformer but with very unusual controlls. Well you are a snake.Getting used to the controlls is a bit tricky but quite fun to learn. It reminds me of Donkey kong Jungle Climber where you were constantly improving with the unusual control scheme though Snake Pass is much more relaxed. It has its challenges, but nothing one can't manage. It never gets frustrating and with amazing David Wise soundtrack, beautiful level design with different quirks and ideas make it an very enjoyable experience. The controlls are very well made and you really feel like controlling an actual snake when playing the game!Unfortunately devs didn't finalize all ideas they had with the game due to time contrain so the game doesn't have the length it had planned and story is so barebones that some cutscenes should have been just cut out as well. However the length of the game is still alright especially for that price."
,Recommended,544330,31517521,Posted: 2 May,all,Rusty Shackleford,No step on snek
,Not Recommended,544330,33074034,Posted: 1 July,all,Cyril,"I think this idea has potential.But it is absolutely not met here.Laundry list of complaints:1. Pacing feels way too slow. The act of basic movement is often a chore2. Physics don't quite feel consistent & such lead to weird scenarios where something completely unexpected happens3. Camera is very unfriendly and often gives you really bad angles to work with resulting in cheap deaths4. The occasional linear level feels out of place compared to the more broad, exploratory levels; point 1 worsens the impact this has on the level design5. The wind mechanic introduced in the last few stages is outright bad. Like genuinely ruins the last three levels outright.6. Moving platforms and the snake physics often don't behave well together resulting in really tense and vaguely unfair situations7. Unskippable cutscenes at the start or end of some levels, usually going on for over a minute too8, Environments are all kind of samey; lots of grass, stone ruins, and bamboo. Bamboo everywhere.9. Grip mechanic does, as far as I'm aware, absolutely nothing? I have never seen it work or be useful in any scenario and 100%ed the game without ever really using itPresentation wise the game looks great and the music is decent though tends to get repetitive with how long some levels can drag on, especially near the end of the game. And there are genuinely a lot of moments of pretty solid level design, aside from the occasional bad moment the real fault of the game is the controls not quite being there. Maybe in a sequel they could refine and improve this idea but I honestly don't know if it would make for a fun game even if they did.Because that's just the real failing here... due to the slow pace and frustrating controls, the game just isn't fun. I did not enjoy playing this game. Oh well."
,Recommended,544330,30966710,Posted: 5 April,all,Chubzdoomer,"Snake Pass is one of those indie titles that comes from out of nowhere and completely blows you away.The premise is simple:  Slither and climb around 15 levels until you've collected every key.  Don't be fooled, though--Snake Pass is simultaneously easy to pick up and play and devilishly difficult, especially if you aim to collect every level's optional bubble and coin.However, it's tough for all the right reasons.  The level design is excellent, posing clever challenges at every turn and always finding ways to surprise you.  If you die, it's probably because you weren't skilled enough to make a particular climb.  There aren't any ""upgrades"" or even powerups.  Instead, each level merely relies on pure skill by asking that put into practice everything that you've learned up to that point.Perhaps the best thing about Snake Pass is its remarkably intuitive control scheme.  You control your body with the left analog stick and move forwards with the right trigger.  To gain momentum, you must slither left and right like an actual snake.  Climbing is done by simply lifting your head with the A button and wrapping your body around the desired object.  As a result, anyone can pick up and play this game in a matter of seconds; but again, mastering it is a different story.Thankfully, the game also looks and sounds great.  Its vibrant graphics really pop, and the soundtrack is composed by none other than David Wise, whose work on classic Rare titles like Donkey Kong Country speaks for itself.Bottom line:I can't possibly recommend Snake Pass enough.  It isn't the longest game you'll ever play (a 100% playthrough took me about 10 hours), nor does it have an engrossing story or cast of characters.  What it does offer, however, is a superbly crafted experience that plays unlike any other collectathon to date and offers up a supreme challenge to anyone bold enough to try and conquer each and every level, collectables and all."
,Not Recommended,544330,33111022,Posted: 1 July,all,Katana,"Very very difficult to come back with negative thoughts on this game, because on the one hand I absolutely applaud the developers for trying something new. On the other hand...I feel like we've all run into the frustrations of having a fun, relaxing, puzzle-based game be very reliant on the game's physics-based objects working just the way you need them to. Noodle ends up being much of that issue.I definitely felt like I understood the controls of the game, and I can't say I noticed camera issues the way some other people are reporting. But, even with a solid understanding of the principles, I just couldn't seem to get Noodle to continue doing just as I wanted. The main gap here is, while Noodle's head (or, front) end is highly responsive and can even be directed in some slightly physics-defying manner, his tail end (or, back) often fails to follow through dutifully. Carefully wrapping yourself around one small piece of a branch will grant you some good grip positioning, but then the slightest move forward afterward will cause his entire back end to unwind as though it were a limp piece of rope.To Sumo Digital's credit, their physics simulation of snakes seems really dead-on. They definitely paid attention to the actual workings of snake muscles to avoid giving players a game where you can float around based on Snake Magic. Ultimately, I feel like good realism kind of got in the way of giving players a fun, relaxing experience, which is mostly what I had planned for when sitting down with a game with such cartoony style and gentle music.You may actually still enjoy this game if you're a bit more patient than me, and don't mind ""hacking the physics"" a bit on occasion to get where you're trying to go, like stretching waay out to touch the ledge rather than actually coiling towards it. It's definitely a unique enough idea, you might want to try it just based on that if you want to try something new. Unlike a lot of ""physics-based challenge games"" its failings aren't totally based on glitchy ragdolls or objects getting stuck or flying off, but simply the limited control of your complex-shaped character.To close on a positive note, Sumo Digital also made Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed, which is a better cart-racing game than Mario Kart. You should check it out."
,Recommended,544330,30930025,Posted: 3 April,all,tearfromthered,"This is the best Rare game since the N64 golden age. This game prooves 3D platformers can still be a thing of the future, can still innovates and find new mechanics to surprise us. The game is gorgeous and the challenge can be adapted to your level will all sorts of side puzzles. The replay value is present, the controls are easy to learn hard to master like they say. It's a 5t o 10 h long pure treasure."
,Recommended,544330,31203458,Posted: 17 April,all,retroid,"A fresh take in an otherwise, incredibly nostalgia entrenched genre. First I would like to list the features and things Snake Pass does right, and then list some of the issues that come from an extension of playing for a while. The first, and best, feature of this game in comparison to other 3D platforming games is the incredibly unique feeling of control, which I can only compare to games like Octodad, but those games are made in such a way for comedic effect, rather than for intuitively enhancing the challenge. In Snake Pass, as the name implies, you play as a snake named Noodle, and goal is to complete a relatively open ended, but somewhat tightly designed level. You collect 3 objects or so (usually found in difficult to reach vantage points) and then proceed to the end of the level. Pretty basic fundamentals to a game, you will have seen this kind of work in games like Banjo-Kazooie, but what Snake Pass does best is how you CONTROL the game itself.I have played both with keyboard & mouse, plus using a controller, and both seem to work virtually in both ways efficiently, whether you choose between will typically be preference, and I went with the controller on this one. The game does an amazing job at how well it controls, as you meander around a deep-grass jungle looking environment, attempting to wind up bamboo-looking structures and traverising the environment using simple puzzles. The real meat and challenge of the game comes with mastering the controls, and with this, makes you feel like you are having a truly unique experience with the game, as you become the snake.Visually, the game is gorgeous, using the Unreal 4 engine, and really showcasing excellent lighting, and just the right tinge of bloom and an effective colour pallette. You will more than likely get that trademark feeling of ""Rareware"" from playing this, with its cartoony and friendly look. The soundtrack is also very enjoyable, composed by the extremely talented David Wise, known for his works on Rare titles in the past (Battletoads, DK Country) and fits perfectly with the game's aesthetic.Unfortunately, unlike Snake Pass, this review isn't all sunshine and rainbows, and there is an issue that arises the longer you play the game. One of my biggest complaints would honestly be the somewhat repetitive nature of the game overall; as the objective does not change, and eventually assets from the previous levels will be reused again, and again, and again. Unlike some other 3D platformers which would have suffered from this, they would have broke up the monotony with minigames like in Banjo Kazooie or other titles of similar nature. This game lacks some variety, and it is a shame, considering how much potential there was for variety with their physics engine and how the controls functioned. The novelty runs thins after a while, and this personally, makes me question the price tag at its current level. Currently I have clocked around 6 hours of gameplay, and I am honestly not sure how long this monotony continues throughout, however at this point it does admittedly get tedious.Overall, if you are not put off the repetitious nature, and instead can focus on the music, aesthetic, challenging controls and FEEL of a classic Rareware title, I would highly recommend the game, though I would still be relatively cautious of its current price tag at £15. I hope to see more of these types of games that attempt to spice up the formula of 3D platformers."
76561198030972492,Not Recommended,544330,33156879,Posted: 2 July,all,PonchoBerry,"The way Snake Pass takes a look at platforming is unique and interesting. Coiling around poles to ascend is very fun to do, but I cannot recommend this game in good conscience because the controls handle somewhat poorly. The mechanics of the game do not always work how they seem like they should. Regular movement is slow and agonizing and the snake does not manage to hang onto poles despite being completely coiled around them. These flaws ultimately create a frustrating experience that overshadows an otherwise well designed game."
,Recommended,544330,30892944,Posted: 1 April,all,Beepin,"This game definitely gets a recommendation from me.I can't say it's definitely worth its pricetag due to its relatively abrupt learning curve.There is a certain steep curve to learning how to slither effectively. The devs have said if you spend 15 minutes playing, you'll get the hang of things, but I'd venture to say you don't truly understand things until about and hour or two; this is fortunate, however, due to the length of the game which prevents you from feeling like you've mastered everything.Each new world is a breath of fresh air with interresting ideas that keep honing your precision/timing. The levels can be short for those who just want to complete the story and challenging for those who want to prove their skills by obtaining all collectibles. The story really isn't anything other than fodder to push things along, but I'd still recommend you play the game without trying to collect everything before going back.Aesthetically, the game looks, sounds, and feels wonderful. ""A"" in each category.Last point is a small complaint.... I played with a controller as it is definitely built around that control scheme, but this game really hurt my hands. Playing more than two levels per session left my thumbs raw and my controller shredded.... Seriously.... Plastic dust built up on my controller after every play session. I was probably way too tense to be playing this.tl;drThis game is great. I'll remember it as the most innovative platformer of its time... And the first game to make me shred plastic on my controller. I don't mind supporting the developers in hopes of.... New content? (*cough*sequel*cough*). Play it if you get some spare cash."
,Recommended,544330,31433957,Posted: 29 April,all,tdolph,"This game is one of the most masterfully designed games I have ever seen, at least in terms of what it wanted to achieve. I'm surprised at the pretty lukewarm response the general gaming industry seems to have towards it at this point. It's not the most technically or graphically impressive tiltes out there, but this games ability to make you truly feel like you are your character can't be overstated. Sure, some flaws are there, but this level of interesting game design should be applauded. Slithering between platforms, sliding up poles, and desperately lashing out after wrapping myself around a stray piece of bamboo to grab a small, golden coin completely encompass everything I would want from a current-gen, innovative Rare platforming title while providing enough modern day shine and polish to hopefully lead the new age of entertaining, physics-based platforming. All I can say is that I hope this, and games like it, will receive some more spotlight so the companies who produce them can keep pushing the genre forward."
,Recommended,544330,33021434,Posted: 29 June,all,SpacemanJupiter,"WOW. I can't give this game and the devs enough praise. Just when I thought new ideas for games had pretty much been exhausted, here comes this. This game is super smooth to look at and play. The visuals and style are fantastic, great artwork. The colors, smooth looking grass (silly but I'm picky about grass in games), solid frame rate, buttery smooth control and animation, great phyics based play, and surprisingly good music. Even with my stress and anxiety problems and as difficult as this game can be (if you choose to pursue 100% completion on every level) I still found it very relaxing because of the visuals and music. I buy games on steam all the time and never play them. I'm real picky now days I suppose. I couldn't stop playing this once I started. I thought I had completed the game and told myself ok the length was alright for 10 bucks. I wasn't done and the next level was huge and presented a few new things, so I was pleasantly surprised. I made myself stop there since I'm supposed to be working.. One of the best games I've played in a long time. Had to gift it to someone while the sale is on. I hope the devs are working on a sequal."
,Recommended,544330,35266798,Posted: 28 September,all,"Kattanaita,","I don't agree with the negative comments stating the controls are bad. The game revolves around a very particular way of moving around stages. Perhaps it lacks a bit of consistency, but that's what the game is about, finding a way of creatively overcoming the obstacles presented before you and getting used to the threshold where one movement becomes the other. I feel like a controller with analog sticks is almost mandatory for a fully enjoyable experience. Digital controls would make it very tricky I believe, but I never tried it myself - always played it with a controller.In a few specific cases the camera can work against you, especially when you need to maneuver and use the face buttons at the same time, leaving you with no fingers left to control the camera. In this case you have to trust the game will pick the best angle for you, and sometimes it does not.I am mostly uncoordinated when it comes to platformers, and I felt fairly competent in this game. It is a relaxed, chill puzzle experience more than a skill platformer. I believe patience plays a big part in it, that and the fact I was looking for a more introspective, original experience. If you're looking for that, this game has quality and delivers manyfold. The graphics are adorable and colorful. I wholeheartedly recommend."
,Recommended,544330,33452321,Posted: 11 July,all,o⠀n⠀e,"I never try to make ""useful"" reviews. Sometimes I make a joke, sometimes I debate other reviews, sometimes I share one thought or a stream of consciousness. This time I just want this game to have another positive review, because it deserves another thousant of those, but I can give only one. So you don't have to read it. Probably lots of better reviews had already been written ;) [a joke]I'm actually blown away with Snake Pass. I always admire when devs have some genious and innovative idea. It is really hard to come up with something new when the game industry is already bigger than movies (which are 100 years older) and music (how much it is older, could be a topic of a long debate). But those guys made it. The experience of controlling the snake moves is beyond my expectations, if I ever had some - but I didn't, becasue this idea is so original and ingenious. [one thought]Others write that controls are too hard. Yeah they maybe hard, but in a good way. That's the whole point. You have a small set of moves and actions (moving forward slow, slithering to sides to move faster, turning your head in all directions, gripping harder, and lifting tail) and by combining them you can come up with very large portion of evolutions like coiling around things, using them as lever, and overcome any fancy obstacle that was designed. Other others write that this is not a puzzle game, but I do not agree. The kinetic, physical, ""manual"" (yeah this word do not fit to snakes :P manos means hand) quests of how to climb an obstacle or get out of a trap are in fact puzzles, and they are also intelectual, becasue you need to think about how to do it, even if it is only analizing your errors and repeating. The difference is that those kinds of tasks use not only your brain, but also your body so they are different from ""classic"" puzzels, where phisical role is minimalised. Those are still puzzles. [debate other reviews]Noodle and Doodle are cool and look great. Snake have cute face expressions and you can bond with him and his efforts, and feel bad when he fails. Music is insanely great, and even if the songs are few and repeat through the enire set of levels, they never bore me. Those compositions are so perfectly done, that I want to sing and dance to them all the time. I just felt in love with that snake and feel terrible that I do not have much time to play it now. But I actually can't recall any game that gave me so much fun. It's just pure type of joy, cathartic type and mybe even regressive in some way, but don't get me wrong. This game is not for kids, even if it might look like that for some. It requires advanced spatial orientation and fully developed manual skills. So the fun is not all. You will get real challenges and will feel super rewarded when you overcome them. You will get this feeling not by unlocking an achievement, but every time just after climbing that block, passing this moving platform or getting this hidden coin. Not many games can provide that. If you want to have all this, buy this game. I bought it on sale but already feel like it is worth the full price. [stream of consciousness]."
76561198036277994,Recommended,544330,30865130,Posted: 31 March,all,LFchinatown,"Absolutely fantastic. If you like snakes or physics based gameplay, you should get this game. Really can't find a thing wrong with it.Note for PC users: 60fps framerate cap. Limited video options. Usually I nitpick on these things but with Snake Pass I don't really feel like I need to change anything. FOV adjustment would be nice."
,Recommended,544330,33164089,Posted: 2 July,all,Snuggs,Very fun and well polished game. Even the canadian would love it !!
,Recommended,544330,31124934,Posted: 13 April,all,videogames,"It's hard to imagine a game where simply moving around can feel so satisfying. The vibrant aesthetic, chill soundtrack and tight controls (even with keyboard and mouse) all combine into a lovely package that's full of personality. Snake Pass will make you happy."
76561198095350391,Recommended,544330,30805363,Posted: 28 March,all,[2eGRD]Rct_AstrooPotatoo,-Good art-Unique controls-Awesome music-Nastolgia from games like Spyro-Challenging-Good level design
76561197967558464,Recommended,544330,35266966,Posted: 28 September,all,Mr Torgue,"SNAKE PASS BOASTS NOVEL CONTROLS AND SPARKLING GRAPHICS IN SERVICE OF A WELL POLISHED, PROPERLY EXECUTED COLLECT-A-THON.THIS GAME IS BADASS DESPITE A CRIPPLING DEARTH OF EXPLOSIONS!!!"
,Recommended,544330,32790486,Posted: 25 June,all,Lucid Machine,Unique and challenging platforming game with a lot of personality.
,Recommended,544330,31175584,Posted: 16 April,all,JellyRaven,"I played this game with an Xbox 360 controller and on max graphics settings.I thought this game was fun, but it is far from perfect. The original game mechanics are really fun and unique, it's fun to climb stuff acting like a real snake, but there is a lot of bad game design that can't be ignored. I have played through the whole game.Pros:- Fun- Original mechanics- Vibrant (yet monotone...) world- Length is good for $20 game- Snake vision after you complete the game is a good idea in finding the collectables, as a lot of people after finishing the game may have just looked at a guide anyway.- Checkpoints mostly fairCons:- IT'S ALWAYS SO DAMN LOUD ON LAUNCH, until you click the A button your sound setting don't kick in. rip headphone users.- Camera gets bad in some close-up sections.- There is basically no story, and the story that is there is very weak and doesn't add anything to the game.- The soundtrack is bad in my opinion, I've seen some reviews on here that say it's good, but for me it was too repetitive and annoying.- The environments are all the same, even between different 'worlds'. Just because they changed the lighting and changed spikes to lava, doesn't make it feel unique enough. For example, in the lava world, they use the same grass from all the worlds, where they could of made it a bit more barren or ashy. All world environments feel the same and the slight changes they have made shouldn't justify the different worlds.- No enemies, having the addition of enemies in some areas would have given a lot to the game, the ending of the game sucked so bad, having a boss fight or a massive epic challenge to overcome would of been great, but there wasn't any. It's not like having colourful enemies would change the atmosphere of the game as there is already spikes that impale the noodle and kill him.- There isn't much aim for the collectables, I haven't 100% the game yet so there might be something after that, but there is no game aspect that motivates you to collect all the collectables.- Can't skip the bad cutscenes.So, if the developers created a sequel to snake pass, I would suggest working on a story that makes sense, it doesn't have to be long. look at spyro 1 or crash bandicoot for inspiration. I would also suggest working on the camera more and the environments. In addition to a better soundtrack, hopefully unique songs for each level? I'm not even sure how many songs are in the game right now, they were all so similar which made listening to them for hours annoying. MORE UNIQUENESS BETWEEN LEVELS.In saying all this bad, it's still great and I would recommend it! 6.5/10~ I hope these developers improve on their next game!"
,Recommended,544330,31006635,Posted: 7 April,all,Akka,"Snake acheSnake Pass is a 3D platformer collecathon with a unique, occasionally frustrating control scheme.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=900460257&fileuploadsuccess=1GameplayControlling Noodle the snake may at first feel as challenging as Surgeon Simulator but within a couple hours slithering and scaling becomes second nature. You control the first 10% of the snake from his head, while the rest of your body follows. You can hold the triggers to grip with the rest of your body, coiling tightly around objects to help gain leverage and height on the bamboo jungle gyms that decorate every single level.IMPORTANT:In the options menu you can choose two control schemes, standard and easy. One of them plays like a nightmare, like pure YouTube/Twitch bait. Save yourself a massive headache and just shift it to easy and the game opens up like a blossoming flower.Clearing levels requires you to find 3 conspicuousjiggieskeys and make your way to the exit gate. True to it's collectathon roots there are 20musical noteswisps and 5 well hidden gold coins for you tocollectignore.After you finish the game you unlock the ability to see collectables through walls. If you feel compelled to get every little thing just revisit the levels afterwards rather than scour every square inch in fruitless desperation. In a bit of a let down, the collectables don't do anything unless you get every single one of them, and even then it's only an Easter egg.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=900445992Checkpoints dot each level, saving your progress and items collected. If you fall into an endless chasm, spikes, or hot coals then you lose the items since your last checkpoint. This feature is a compromise to prevent the player from simply lunging at coins over death pits and collecting them without regard for the actual challenge. Other than the stage hazards there is nothing to damage or hurt you--no enemies or bosses to speak of.VisualUndeniably brilliant. The lush, verdant flora sparkles as you slither your way through the 4 different environments, all running at a buttery smooth 60 fps and up to 4K resolution. Every 4 levels changes the overall elemental theme from grass and stone to water, lava, and wind.SoundIf you've never heard of David Wise, go play the Donkey Kong series. For anyone familiar with his work, you'll notice the same soundfont used to compose the music in this game as he did in Tropical Freeze.While the songs themselves are very relaxing (perhaps to offset the frustration), none of the music felt as memorable as his earlier work.PlotI wasn't really asking for much here, but what little story there is feels down right insulting. The game hypes up the villain by only showcasing a small piece of him at a time, or by hearing him scream from far away.Then he finally shows up at the end of the game and spoiler:he apologizes for destroying the shrines and scattering the keys because it was an accident and he's just trying to get home so no boss fight for you.The cutscenes are unskippable so you can't even pretend it's not happening.SpectacleWhen you finally grasp how to control Noodle, slithering through these vibrant worlds fills me with a sense of wonder. Coiling around objects and threading yourself up bamboo poles is a truly unique experience.DifficultyOften times challenging for the wrong reasons. If you see a difficult coin you're tempted to head back to a checkpoint before attempting to grab it--or you risk losing all that progress when you inevitably tumble to your doom.Just take my advice and only go after the keys. Even then you're presented with plenty of hearty challenge.Three stars out of fiveA well-executed proof of concept for this snake physics simulator. It's a bit on the short side and the challenges always boil down to the same premise of shambling awkwardly over bamboo."
76561197965811997,Recommended,544330,33052072,Posted: 30 June,all,Plague Doctor,"The game is fun, and very laid back. The controls are not like anything I can remember playing and it works out of the box with the Steam Controller. I don't know how many hours of play I will end up with, but it has been a great game to come down off other more serious titles."
,Recommended,544330,32894463,Posted: 27 June,all,DKDarrenKelly,"I bought this game for a relaxing, fun time. And I guess I got that!If I had any complaints I'd say the checkpoints at times are too far apart, which can get incredibly frustrating when trying to do certain achievements. A lot of people have complained about the camera controls, which I don't have much of a problem.You just play a snake man, going around doing snake things"
76561198010160422,Recommended,544330,31717286,Posted: 12 May,all,Mighty_Mograine,"i've played the game from start to end & collect all the coins & water bubbles, and im in love on this game... it brought me so much memory's of good old platform games... they nailed even the controls feelings of good old platforms, durable & at points that slightly saw death before my eyes xD. i dont care what peoples say bad things about the controls, back in the day the controls werent 100% aswell, such like Crash bandicoot 1 as sample there were times the control had it's own mind for a minor second.the music of this game? the earth world music is my top fav one it somehow reminds me of Centre Parcs tropical vacation theme mixed with crash bandicoot, and somehow it sounds like it's been made by the same guy who made the music from Sonic unleashed ish... it just give Tears in my eye's of memorys! it's like listening to the theme song of Jurrasic Park:)Noodle & the Bird are a huge mascott together which brought memory's like Sonic & Tails, Rachet & Clank, Sly Cooper & his Team, Yin & Yang:)i give this game a 9 out of 10 the entire game was a great journey it had challenges on finding & reaching the hidden coins & water bubbles the graphics are awesome to keep watching at Noodles, even tho hes a snake he looks adorable.the only thing that was alittle dissapointed to me is that it was pretty short, a total 8 hours played & it was the end... wish there was more of a story then just the element's of the ''avatar'' (sorry had to make the reference ;)i slether through like butter and it felt pretty quickly finished...but other then that everything is perfect,my advice i wanna give to this beloved franchise they could use some voice actors to make it more perfect, i mean, sonic & tails have voice actors, Ratchet & Clank has voice actors so goes to Sly Cooper & his team, it just misses some voice acting even tho their aminals:)got another perfect idea for the next game to make things intrested every water bubble or whatever you wanna make it in the next game every time you eat one it make's Noodle a inch longer which can be used to reach inpossible things just so us players gonna play it longer just to get us all the coins & bits:)when this game comes out i garantee gonna buy it once it comes out:Dlove you Dev's for bringing a giant bank of memorys back from my youth as a console player:Dand maybe we can talk sometime in the future who knows add me on steam:Dalso im using the soundtracks during my livestream because i love the music so much, hope you're ok with that:)here if you're intrestedtwitch.tv/mighty_mograine(i streamed the game & some peoples liked it:)to everyone else you have to try this game it's in 1 word, Wonderfullanyways take care everyone:)"
,Recommended,544330,30916494,Posted: 2 April,all,Myth,"The best Snek platforming game ever made. And also, one of the most fun platformers in general, in the last many years. I had no clue about this game until about a week before it came out (thanks to Nerdcubed and Millbee for mentioning it), sounded really unique so I picked it up. Holy crap, it is so incredibly good. In case you don't read the rest of my review, here's one tidbit:This REALLY must be played with a controller. Seriously. The mechanics simply demand it. Has nothing to do with whether it's a good PC version or not. The mechanics just don't lend themselves to kb/mouse, even though there is an option for it.Okay, why it's good:Totally no-frills Snek platforming, there's no arbitrary extra game mechanics glued on. Just get to the things you need to get to, and that's it. Win. The game usually doesn't even show a UI, 'cus you don't need one.Snek movement isamazing. Every slither is up to you to control. Seriously. It's also quite realistic - like in real life, you can barely move forward unless you slither and wrap around things, it's needed to generate any sort of forward force. The game allows a tiny bit of forward speed even without it, but it's so slow. Small concession to make thegamea little more playable if you get into a weird situation.Levels are basically free-form - there is some natural progression to them, but often it's really up to you how you tackle it. It's common to be able to take ""unconventional"" paths.Looks fantastic! Noodle (the Snake's name) looks adorable, like a cartoon character from some Disney or Pixar film. Honestly.The overall theme and aesthetic of the game is very lighthearted and positive, keeps you excited to play.Totally playable by both young and old. I'm soon 30, and I'm loving the !""#¤ out of this.Difficulty is up to you - there are 2 flavors of optional collectables in every level, and they provide essentially 2 levels of extra challenge for those who seek it.If not, no big - you can still progress the game just by navigating the level. But honestly, the puzzle of actually getting to the Coin collectibles in particular, and living to tell the tale, is like 50% of the game for me, and it's great.For those whoDOseek all the extras, the game is not even close to ""casual"" or easy. This can be a hard game!This game strikes me as the kind of game that, if it had come out in the early 2000's on Playstation, it would be memorable classic by now. It's completely worth that kind of praise. Brings me the same childish joy that I got from playing the likes of Spyro.My few criticisms, or words of caution at least:The game never tells you about the camera button - it's really important! Check the Controls in game.Checkpoint locations can sometimes be pretty ruthless - just remember that they can be re-used (just slither over them and they'll save your progress every time), to keep you from going insane after spending 15 minutes searching for and acquiring a difficult coin, only to fall off the world and lose the progress.. Trigger checkpoints often!Can cause some white-knuckle-controller-gripping-cramps. You are using both triggers, both sticks, and few buttons, pretty much all the time - it's easy to end up squeezing the crap out of your controller just because you're so focused on Snek action.The game is quite light on story - not that it needs one, but your genuinely charming companion feels like he/she could go from charming to genuinely great if there were more interactions other than custcenes. But hey, honestly like I said on positive point #1 - this is a pure platformer. You play the game for that, not for anything else.Game seems somewhat short - I've spent about 3 hours at the time of writing, and I'm about 25% through - and I'm going for 100% on every level, so if you just slither through, then it would be much shorter. But hey, I'm sure they'll add more, given the way the game is organized, there really isn't any reason it couldn't have straight-up map packs added."
76561198326957074,Recommended,544330,31243212,Posted: 19 April,all,EL Taco,"This game is top notch, it keep's my brain from becoming mush,the effort gone into making this game,must of been heavy and trying to make it work on the switch must of been hard keep it up guys maybe a snake pass 2 ?"
76561197969416788,Recommended,544330,31529883,Posted: 3 May,all,mikethemaniac,Great game that is easy to pick up and difficult to master.Well done you guys- you deserve the praise. All the best for the future!
76561198036866668,Recommended,544330,30800985,Posted: 28 March,all,[GFC-club] M@R!O,looks very vibrant and beautiful (and cute). David Wise as composer just means amazing tunes during the gameplay.Haven't progressed far yet but I already love this game!
,Not Recommended,544330,31780714,Posted: 15 May,all,{SHITHAT} Totality2017,"It's a fun game but the save mechanics kill it for me. If I got the coin and got back on land successfully, I shouldn't have to go back an touch base everytime. I shouldn't be worried about going to a physical checkpoint location over and over while I'm exploring the level. I will do 3 great grabs and then fall - boom, like it never happened. It really takes the joy out of this fun little game.I can't recommend it with the current save/checkpoint mechanics."
76561198028049202,Recommended,544330,31048006,Posted: 9 April,all,Kupo Games,"This is the most frustrating game that I have ever enjoyed.The optional stuff is surprisingly hard, and the physics-based platforming is very tricky to do well. It's not just a case of timing your jumps. You have to worm your way around obstacles, grip/release them, build up momentum, aim your head in 3D-space, and do all sorts of complicated movements. It's just really hard to get used to it, and it will have you screaming at the TV when things go wrong.Stuff that is really easy in other platformers is incredibly hard when you're a snake.Overall great game though. The camera annoyed me a bit at times, with background scenery getting in the way, but that's pretty much the only major complaint. The music's great too."
,Recommended,544330,31037695,Posted: 9 April,all,0dds_0f_Even,"Before I start this review I'm personally glad that 3D platformer collectathon games are making a come back this year & the developer has stated that the game can run on Windows 7 if your disappointed at the system requirements for this game.http://steamcommunity.com/app/544330/discussions/0/135512625256227342/#c135512931347802866Just to get to get the negatives out of the way my biggest problem with this game is the camera especially if your trying really hard to get past a puzzle in the later levels in the game, the 2 rewards you get for collecting all the water wisps & gatekeeper coins is kind of lame to be honest + I'm sick of the 8-bit craze from indie devs, this one is a minor flaw but Doodle the bird can only carry Noodle the snake if you press the Shift button twice, you can't skip the cutscenes & the game is sadly only 10 hours long so I'm hoping the sequel is longer than 15 levels.Now to get to the rest of the game I really appreciate the choice of famed Donkey Kong Country musician David Wise to do the entire soundtrack for this game since as usual did a spectacular job, I usually don't care about graphics but this RareWare or Disney Pixar inspired artstyle is some damn good eye candy, the time trial modes really test your skill & speed with controlling the snake + can add some extra hours in the gameplay, I don't see much games with snakes (Noodle is a Coral Snake if your curious what type of breed he/she is) as the main protagonist so the game also has an original idea, the levels are brilliantly designed (With the common elements of Fire, Water, Wind & Earth) as advertised to make you think like a snake + taking advantage of placing the collectibles everywhere so that you can explore almost everything in a level, I'm not sure if the creator of Snake Pass is a huge Metal Gear Solid fan but I chuckled at the MGS achievements, the difficulty is balanced but also surprisingly difficult so you need to have a lot of patience controlling Noodle (the last level will make you pull your hair out) & I personally think that Snake Pass's controls are smoother than Surgeon Simulator's controls to be honest + whether you play with the controller or keyboard & mouse the game is still a blast to play.Now finally on a technical perspective the PC port is really good even though there's not much to do in the options menu & only dealing with one game freezing bug rarely around level 10 or 12. (I forgot which level I've experienced it from but it did force me to restart my computer & it was around the Fire themed levels)Overall whether you get this game on Steam, Xbox One, PS4 or Nintendo Switch I highly recommend this game & this is one of the few games where either PC or console is a good choice to play this game on because the Snake Pass team put so much care into this game."
76561198055128154,Recommended,544330,30865015,Posted: 31 March,all,Xesta,"like before I even begin just give props for the originality of this game?? like you're a snake! a cute snake that just climbs stuff. I love the idea of it, I love that you're this clumsy creature in a game where you have to climb and platform and♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's amazingthe graphics are nice, cute and stylized, but noodle's face is. it's bad let's be real lmao. it's kind of old style like banjo kazooie sort of deal but he looks too goofy for me, it's not a cute goofy it's just bad goofy. which is unfortunate because the rest of him is great, I love how his scales look! this is just personal preference thoughbeing a snake owner (well, previously) I also have to give props to how REALISTIC he moves. it's actually incredible how often it pings me as accurate snake movement, controlling him is a flawless hands down 100% snake experience. I'm just so impressed and happy to see something like this, I truly love itanyway onto some of the issues hereI didn't like the hand holding that sort of kept on through a few levels? like ok I know what button hangs on, you can stop reminding me dgkjhsg. it treats you like you're 4. maybe it's a game for kids but I feel like even kids would be annoyed by thatI also find myself wanting more story and characters. sounds silly right, that's not the point, but it's something I wanted while playing it. since it gave me such old style platformer vibe I felt like I wanted MORE than just climbing around. it didn't need a lot yknow, just SOMETHING. the levels felt a bit empty without some form of npc. I mean there's like random crabs and bugs just lying around but that doesn't count. maybe if there's any form of like a continuation on this it could add more, I'd love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that. that'd be the best thing evera pretty big issue is that you can't save where you were in a map, so if you have to like drop the game and go do whatever else, you've lost your progress in a level. after getting past the first batch of levels that became a big issue as the levels are a lotttt bigger and more challenging and sometimes you just want to put the game down, do something else, and come back with a clear headmy BIGGEST problem was the camera. oh my god was it annoying as hell, especially in the water. sometimes it just made me flat out mad, it's just not nearly as good as it should be in a game like this where it can be vital to successalso, the game is hard as ♥♥♥♥. like oh my god. it can be fun as heck and frustrating, but I'm glad it's like that!overall I definitely recommend the game, it does its job well and though I have complaints, they're extremely minor (well, save the camera thing)10/10 checks 'be a snake' off imaginary bucketlist"
76561198047532194,Recommended,544330,31015646,Posted: 8 April,all,Calculon 559,"Get this game if you want a unique and challenging 'platformer' that looks beautiful, technically and aesthetically, plays very well, has great music, and let's you slither around as a goofy lookin' snake."
76561198015299470,Recommended,544330,31040960,Posted: 9 April,all,Knuckles,"This game is just so good and relaxing to play.Sometimes the camera does not want to work with me, but other than that it is perfect.YOU CAN CHANGE NOODLES FACE EXPRESSION, best feature ever."
76561197969966543,Recommended,544330,35306795,Posted: 29 September,all,PipiKoekwaus,"The key locations to open the exits are pretty obvious, the whole gameplay rests around how you are going to pass the obstacles.All negatieve reviews relate to bad controls; the controls are fine. The obstacles are meant to be somewhat challenging.If always hold down the movement key you will unwrap yourself faster as you wrapped yourself. Just move the snake-head into the direction you want to wrap around the bamboo, hold down the movement key for a second and release it again. Point the head to a new direction and repeat. If you take it casually you will solve all obstacles while having a lot of fun."
76561198012553547,Recommended,544330,30923971,Posted: 3 April,all,Mr Flame,A very nice and relaxing game with collectibles that aren't too hard to find.
,Recommended,544330,31687976,Posted: 11 May,all,The Relatable One,"Haven't played it very long, but already the mechanics are pretty cool. I'm sure you can already tell by the videos how it works, but it really feels cool and new. The atmosphere is something like an old Rare game, like Banjo Kazooie. It's really relaxing and enjoyable, yet it will challenge even regular platforming veterans due to its unique control and navigation. As far as cons,  I can tell the game is a little less optimized than I had hoped. Very high settings do not run at a constant 60 fps on my GTX 1060 at 1080p, but this can be solved by swapping down to lower settings, which don't even affect visual quality that much. As well as that, the game is a bit on the short side, as any percent playthroughs seem to last 6 hours. Completionists will get more time out of it, but regardless that's a bit short for $20. If anything, pick it up on sale because the quality of the game itself is really high,  and you can tell they really worked hard to bring this idea to life.  I'll update this review once I've beaten it to give my playtime, or if they update it with more levels. Regardless though, I recommend it."
,Recommended,544330,32009457,Posted: 27 May,all,cyanmanta,"This game evokes the early 2000's cartoon mascot platformer feel - a la Banjo Kazooie - but changes up the gameplay mechanics. Noodle has great facial expressions and controlling him feels fresh and new; simple, but not necessarily easy to master. There is a learning curve and you are going to have some frustrating slips and falls early on, but thankfully there are save points located throughout each level. I highly recommend the use of a controller for this game.The save point system is a bit questionable; I say just let the player keep what they have without having to slither across a panel on the floor. Also, the ability to adjust brightness within the game would have been nice starting around level 9; even on the brighter of my two monitors, some scenes were very dark and tricky to navigate. Overall, this is a solid and charming little title."
,Recommended,544330,34894414,Posted: 11 September,all,birobiro (chat turned off),"Great game. not a 10/10 because the camera mess with you sometimes, and the back and foward from the checkpoint get me mad in the later levels. but Noddles is the Cuteness snake ever."
,Recommended,544330,31778456,Posted: 15 May,all,Ark,Dark souls is easier.
,Recommended,544330,30936819,Posted: 3 April,all,Tangle,"So, I've spent almost 30 hours on the game, 100%ed it and gotten all the achievements. Is it worth it?Yes. Consider my bias, since I've been waiting for this game for quite a while, and I'm in love with all things serpentine, but also consider that this was not a letdown on how hyped I was.Let's start with the CONS:- The game isn't guaranteed to run on Windows 7, but it worked fine without any setup for me.- The camera is WAY too sluggish using a controller, clumsily shoves itself in bad places occasionally, and generally doesn't give you the best view angles at whatever you're doing.- Doodle (the bird) is REALLY annoying, especially in the non-skippable cutscenes, and has a bug where it will refuse to grab your tail under certain circumstances (will elaborate later). I want to punch Doodle.- The game is SHORT!Now that that's out of the way, let's talk about the PROS:- snek.- cute snek.- I love this snek.- BEAUTIFUL graphics.- The controls feel SO GOOD and fluid.- The levels are designed WONDERFULLY, and are just a wonder to explore.- Noodle <3- The physics are satisfying to manipulate, and BOY are they consistent. You can exploit them pretty easily!- You're gonna wanna learn those exploits because DAMN does the challenge ramp up over the levels.- Easy mode is actually hard mode.- TIME TRIALS ARE NO-FRILLS.- adorable snek- Looks very promising for speedrunning, and VERY rewarding feeling when you master it.- HOW COULD I FORGET THE MUSIC, THANKS DAVID WISE!- Collectibles that DISAPPEAR FOREVER after you collect them! No re-collecting, so long as you finish the level!- Checkpoints work MORE THAN ONCE!!!- snek- Did I mention it's pretty as hell?Neutral points:- Story is just barely there, gets in the way earlier on, and at the end of the game, seems a bit tacked-on.- Unlocks are a thing, one is helpful while the others are cosmetic. Not hard to get, and nice if you're a completionist.So, I think that sums it up pretty well! It's an engaging as hell 3D puzzle platformer snake physics collect-a-thon with a hell of a toony, pleasant atmosphere, even if the second half of the duo isn't perfect. It's new, it's fresh, it's snek. If you're thinking about it, give it a try right here! Within the two hours you have to refund it, you'll be able to explore a level or two, get somewhat familiar with the controls, and you'll probably want to keep it. And if you're like me and love snakes, BUY NOW, BUY NOW, BUY NOW!"
,Recommended,544330,31044689,Posted: 9 April,all,Space Pirate Captain Ben Dodgers,"This game is just awesome. It's loaded with personality and great music. If you enjoy physics puzzles and platforming collectathons you should definitely check it out. The controls take some getting used to, but once you get the hang of it you'll find yourself doing all sorts of cool moves to progress through the levels. The only real con I have with the game is that the camera can get difficult to wield when trying to get over some areas. It's caused me to fall to my doom quite a lot. Though checkpoints are plentiful and reusable so getting right back in and going was easy. I 100% completed the game in approximately 10hrs. Can't wait for either DLC or a sequel. This game is a real gem."
,Recommended,544330,31090314,Posted: 11 April,all,Nick,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_6ACkv79TU&t=95sA clever and innovative puzzle/platformer game that allows you to take control of an adorable corn snake named ""Noodles"" and challenges you to slither around bamboo, through water, and across dangerous clifftops. The game has 4 stages with several levels in each stage that all increase in difficulty, with main objective keys to collect, basic collectable bubbles, and difficult to obtain medals.The game's graphics look fantastic and Sumo Digital makes good use of the Unreal 4 engine, with depth of field, advanced shaders, and an overall great presentation. I encountered no technical issues and had flawless performance throughout my playthrough. The game allows you to adjust a few settings along with resolution, brightness, and you can tweak a few of the graphical settings like the depth of field effect.Overall, I highly recommend this game, especially for the low asking price of $20. It's a lot of fun and it's rare to see a creative and innovative platformer game in the market nowadays. Be sure to check out my video for a more detailed look at the game and stay tuned to my channel for more game reviews if you're interested."
76561197990073474,Recommended,544330,31017413,Posted: 8 April,all,Luagha,"This satisfying, creative and relaxing (in tone, at least: not in difficulty) thing seems to be giving me just the right balance of ~feeling~ like atavistic play while still providing concrete enough goals to not feel aimless. And I expect to be able to enjoy it unironically with the young niblings, which is delightful."
,Recommended,544330,31036852,Posted: 9 April,all,ND,"Utterly unique controls that are both fun and intuitive yet always challenging, with great depth and subtlety. Move like a snake! I wish more developers would experiment with creative control schemes like this. Bravo!Also: charming art style, great music and solid level design."
,Recommended,544330,35277082,Posted: 28 September,all,tSEK Straw,Snake Pass is worth playing soley because of how unique it is. The simple action of controlling Noodle is a blast. The only real complaint I have is that it is really short and I do think custom levels would just be the greatest.
,Recommended,544330,31225812,Posted: 18 April,all,T3HM3T4L,"Pros:-Nice and colorful-Unique gameplay emulating snake movement makes for an interesting learning experienceCons (somewhat):-Best experienced with controller (Steam controller works very well)If you're looking for a cute, colorful and bouncy experience, definitely recommended.You can get a lot of enjoyment out of just learning the gameplay and there's a whole lot of sneaky collecting to do for advanced slitherers."
76561198005906069,Recommended,544330,33385220,Posted: 8 July,all,Power Of Syndra,"This game is so adorably fun and well crafted. I love it to pieces! <3Playing as a cute snake in a colorful enviroment with having real snake-physic-movement and challanging ""parkouring"" is so much fun. There are also collectables for people who not just want to rush through the game. This is so well made and shows that PC can have also great ""console""-ish games."
76561198066673957,Recommended,544330,32155226,Posted: 3 June,all,Epic Murph,Welcome to Snake SoulsPrepare to die
,Recommended,544330,30798619,Posted: 28 March,all,JayDawn,"At first I thought this game would be legless when it slithered it's way onto the Steam store, but now that it's shed it's skin and I've gotten a chance to wrap myself around it, I have no reason to throw a hissssssy fit."
,Recommended,544330,32872688,Posted: 27 June,all,Mario Dan,"Well, this is like a platformer adventure game, where instead of being jumping around the levels, you meander through them.The difficult of the game? The controls. You have to learn who to grip around things with you serpent body. Pass the level easy, but gather those tokens that are at the border of a cliff can be a really challenge. I must say is kind of funny the feeling of you figthing against the controler, but for the same reason, some people could not tolerate it. For me playing only one level gathering all the stuff is enough for one game session.The music is nice but there is poor variety, the level design and graphics are ok, performance is questionable . The camera can be a pain most of the time and some times, if you are not carefull, you can lose the progress of the level, what means collect again all the stuff you picked up since the last check point.There is not multiplayer, but you can compete against your friends trough time trial (you must unlock it first)For me, the pace of the game where show you new problems to solve is too slow, it doesn't give a good feeling of discovery after playing a couple of levels.Is an aceptable game and different enoguh to try and give it a chance.7/10"
,Recommended,544330,35306127,Posted: 29 September,all,T4KPhantom,I'm a Snakehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti4sqG85FU4
76561198381715156,Recommended,544330,35279811,Posted: 28 September,all,Kylah 2,"so far pretty cool. it blocks your vision sometimes, rarely your snake turns a weird way instead of how you want it to, points do nothing in this game (devs please add skins or something).it's pretty difficult. it definitely has a childish vibe to it, but i dont think a child could play this game. 3rd map I died like 5 times trying to get a coin hanging off the map on some bamboo. 3rd. map. lmaothe controls are pretty straightforward. it just takes some time to get used to. your body has weight in the game, but you only control the head/part near the head. without doing anything, your body will uncoil and fall. there is a button to hold tighter, (right mouse button), but it isn't super effective. ends of your tail will still go undone and your snake won't hold on _that_ tight. Kind of makes you feel rushed tbh.startup is laggy/won't let you click on the game for a bit.get it at least 50% off tho. I don't think the game is worth $20. get it for 10 or less"
,Recommended,544330,31048888,Posted: 9 April,all,pickle,this game desperately needs more exposure. most fun I've had since I was 10 years old playing pokemon on gameboy. best slithery snake experience ever made 10/10 would slither again
76561198085534255,Recommended,544330,35281783,Posted: 28 September,all,Grim Reaper,Saw this game at PAX and knew I wanted it. Awesome game! Love the music too... very relaxing in a way.
76561198096221356,Recommended,544330,31032444,Posted: 8 April,all,EccoGecko,"An obnoxious but cute hummingbird follows a quiet and humble snake through a colorful jungle gym world. They'll travel through the challenging but charming obstacle course to achieve what they're really looking for; sparkly bubble things, golden coins and gemstones. Just be careful not to fall into oblivion in the meantime."
,Recommended,544330,35280544,Posted: 28 September,all,Quady14,"Snake Pass' climbing and clinging mechanics complement Noodle really nicely. Great kinda niche concept, and one I've seen few if any other games tackle. I haven't played a heck of a lot yet, but if you're into platformers with unique twists, this is one with a little learning curve but once it clicks you'll find a colorful platformer with some very cute personality."
,Recommended,544330,35313467,Posted: 29 September,all,David T.,Snek is cute.
76561197962863821,Recommended,544330,31956343,Posted: 25 May,all,Cyber-Thug,"Great game, with a fun and unique challenge and a nice amount of variety of maps and music.Looks really good and I found the Keyboard and Mouse was the best way to play due to the mouse controlling the camera. (which was the only thing that could mabye be slightly improved)"
76561198092646595,Recommended,544330,35275455,Posted: 28 September,all,MakeLoveNotWar,"Very fun game for all ages. Simple concept that will bring you back to the age where kids didn't play fps but games like crash bandicoot and mario. This game would be a treasure back in those days, so if you want to turn back time, buy this gem."
,Recommended,544330,35342492,Posted: 30 September,all,yesnomu,"Fun and challenging puzzle platformer! To say the controls take getting used to is an understatement--mastering the controls is the form of progression in the game. (Protip: don't bother getting the coin under the bridge in the first level your first time through like I did; you'll die over and over. The next few levels will show you how to maneuver better.) When you start to learn how they work, though, it feels sublime. You feel like an actual snake, winding yourself around bamboo to climb up or slither around beams.The first few levels can be frustrating, but stick with it and you'll have an amazing time. And the main character is completely adorable, which is a selling point in itself."
,Recommended,544330,31196891,Posted: 17 April,all,Meng,"Solid 4-8 Hours of punished snake action. (for basic clear, not collecting all of the extras)Surprisingly intuitive controls (assuming you're using controller) and good level design, with enough difficulty to make the game challenging but not so hard that you'll give up.Would definitely recommend picking this up if it's on sale, especially if you are into collect-a-thon style puzzle platformers."
,Recommended,544330,34979546,Posted: 15 September,all,absurdeovervloed,"A unique and beautiful world traversal game with a control scheme unlike anything I've seen before.Don't go in thinking it's a platformer though - because it's not.Requires patience, but there are no enemies and there is no time limit."
76561198059059013,Recommended,544330,33851319,Posted: 28 July,all,cptnsketchy,"In Snake Pass you play as Noddle, a geneticly enhanced super soldier/ clone of Big Boss. A terrorist organization steals some nukes so you have to sneak into their base and save two guys, but they mysteriously die of heart attacks. Then this gunslinger guy losses his hand to a ninja, and you try real hard to find a mech named Rex."
76561198149951812,Recommended,544330,31986789,Posted: 26 May,all,>>ƦᴀτcʜᴇD VipᴇR<<,I love sneks. This game has sneks. 11/10 snek snoot boops.
,Recommended,544330,30864956,Posted: 31 March,all,AlexGoneLoco,"I really am enjoying the game so far! I was immediately charmed by it's beautiful graphics and the concept of the snake itself! If you think you're going to like it, you probably will!It is hard though, very hard, and the controls take some getting used to but in a good way.My two complaints are that the music, while good, is kinda lackluster because it's just one repeating song. Also, while you CAN collect things if you really want to, there doesn't seem to be any significant unlockables for getting those collectibles. I was hoping to at least see some skins or something! Maybe they'll add some?Whatever else, it's fun, and the characters are friggin adorable!"
,Recommended,544330,31498428,Posted: 1 May,all,Grayscale,"KEEP IN MIND IVE BEEN PLAYING THIS ON A CONTROLLERThis game is one of those titles you play and you get sucked into it.PROS:-Beautiful environment-Beautiful Movement across the ground and in most areas-Collecting galore-Really satifying when you pull off a neat moveCONS-THE CAMERA: Oh my goodness this camera is very poor compared to the rest of the game. I feel like i'm at a disadvantage when im trying to pull off a complicated move and get blocked by some bit of terrain.-The lower half of you body feels like a sack of bricks when you do stuffGame is fun, upbeat platformer that doesnt fail to entertain. The camera is a bit spotty and the movement is a bit wonky at times but it still is a fun (but admittedly short) game."
,Recommended,544330,31537682,Posted: 4 May,all,joexxxxx1,"Wow this game is really fun! It looks super lame but it feels incredible with a controller, being a slithery sneaky snek works, I like moving through 3d space in this way. Great for my kids. I found it thanks to dunkey on youtube.Sumo Digital made Sonic Racing Transformed my favorite Mario Kart type game besides MK8 so you know this game is legit."
,Recommended,544330,31431491,Posted: 28 April,all,Mervill,"Great idea, great execution. Love it!!"
76561198104525403,Recommended,544330,30968903,Posted: 5 April,all,AllTheChildren,"One of the best platformers I have ever played.  Great puzzles make this game rewardingly difficult, while the vibrant color scheme, up-beat pan flute music, and enduring characters make this game delightful to play.  I recomend this game for anyone who enjoys platformers or puzzle games."
,Recommended,544330,31452127,Posted: 29 April,all,KeyBound,"Love this game. Brings back memories of the old school puzzle/adventure type games like Crash Bandicoot and Spyro. Its alot more simplistic than those, but just has that overall feel about it"
,Recommended,544330,31494345,Posted: 1 May,all,jeff,"Very epic, buy the game so we can get a sequel."
,Recommended,544330,31516939,Posted: 2 May,all,SketchyBrown,"This feels like the kind of project that began as a ""can we do this?"" and tuned into a charming modern 3d platformer with a unique twist. Controlling Noodle is a truly unique experience and is quite fun. It's also colorful and bright, and just makes me happy to look at it. Changing Noodle's stupid experssion from one to the other feels like a necessary feature and not just a neat little trick.There are some challenging navigation obstacles (I'm only halfway throgh), but they force you to experiment and figure out how to overcome with the tools at hand. The lack of autosave and/or more checkpoints is the only real thing I would mark this down on."
,Recommended,544330,31224845,Posted: 18 April,all,CrazySamboy100,Snake Pass is a brilliant game. Similar to most 3d platformers of the early 2000's but with a completely unique playstyle. There are times that the camera can be annoying but you can get around it. Even at full price it is well worth it.
76561197973133158,Recommended,544330,31418453,Posted: 28 April,all,[8HN] Chair?,"With its bright colors, cute characters, and bouncy soundtrack, this might the perfect game to play with your kids if you want them to learn the F-word. No, not due to any spoken dialogue by the characters, but becauseyouwill likely repeatedly desecrate the charming ruins of Snake Pass with some downright salty language as you'll often struggle to get Noodle, the snake you'll play as, to do what you're trying to get him to do.That's not to say there is anything wrong with the controls. They're actually quite ingenious/enjoyable, once you get the hang of it. The difficulty lies in the fact that the inherent complexity of even thebasiccontrols (a stick for direction, a button to ""constrict,"" a button to propel yourself forward, and a button to raise your head up) are, if notascomplicated, certainly in the same ballpark asSurgeon SimulatorandQWOP,in the sense that they're the equivalent of the proverbial ""walking while chewing gum while patting your head while rubbing your belly."" There will be times when you'll need four of your fingers to work perfectly in concert together, but instead of skillfully nabbing a shiny gold coin while hanging impressively from a bamboo shoot, you'll find yourself nabbing a gold coin as you fall stupidly to your death. Again.Of course, as you watch Noodle fall into that endless void, his mouth open in terror, some part of your brain may actually feel relief at the thought that that's one less huge snake in the world. You know, silver linings, and all that! Because for all his cuteness, he's still a big♥♥♥♥♥ heavy snake who will, with your help, demonstrate his ability to get absolutely EVERYWHERE. If this game was set in a suburban neighborhood instead of floating ruins, with a slightly-different soundtrack, it could have easily been in the horror genre. Maybe that's an idea for the sequel, actually. ""Snake Pass 2: Baby Eater.""In all seriousness, though, this is a well-constructed platformer that feels both familiar (particularly for those feeling nostalgic for bright, 90's-era collect-a-thons) and refreshingly unique. You've probably never played anything quite like it, and for that reason it's worth a look. The controls are unique and the visuals and audio are well-executed. My only real complaint so far is the inability to skip cutscenes on your second playthrough, when you go back to hunt for collectables you missed on your first run, but that's an easy fix that I fully expect will be addressed in a patch, so depending on when you're reading this review it might actually no longer be a problem. And, assuming you have more control over your language than I do, sure, your kids would probably really enjoy watching you play."
,Recommended,544330,31425195,Posted: 28 April,all,🔪ɱαɢɪc ɱƴєʀѕ🔪,I love it the graphics are just beautiful. I like the characters and I like the courses you have to go through.It's very fun and a time killer.
76561198014273196,Recommended,544330,31452423,Posted: 29 April,all,M4V3R1K,"Bright, colorful, agreeable graphics; tight, interesting, well-executed controls; and enough story to get by. Almost feels like it should have been made by Rare."
,Recommended,544330,30903549,Posted: 2 April,all,okham,"You play as a slow moving snake winding your way around bamboo to traverse levels and collect keys and other bits. It's a third person physics-y puzzle collect-a-thon platformer that manages to feel incredibly unique, fresh, original, polished, mechanically interesting, fun and eventually addictive.It felt a bit slow and occasionally frustrating to begin with as the controls and camera need to be learned but I gradually became more and more in-control of Noodle the snake until it became very rewarding and enjoyable to wind carefully and precisely around intricately designed obstacles. Once you start to learn the complex controls it's less frustrating and increasingly addictive in the way Rocket League or Cobalt grow on you if you internalise the carefully fine-tuned controls and are OK with the level of hand-eye coordination needed.One small complaint is the camera as you occasionally won't have a spare finger to change its angle when you really need to but I struggle to see a way they could fix this.It's all around very well polished with the music and visual aesthetics matching the carefully crafted interactions of physics and controls. Well worth supporting the -rare- developer who can put out something of this quality and polish that's also mechanically original in a marketplace full of iterations."
,Recommended,544330,31144285,Posted: 14 April,all,Switchblade,"i love snakes , i like platforms, and this is diffrent than all the games that have been coming out latley. i love this game its cute and fun and makes me smile. the world isnt such a bad place after all lol"
,Recommended,544330,32944874,Posted: 28 June,all,dokydoky,"A unique control scheme, but super rewarding to master. Of course, it has some flaws.Camera sucks. Everyone is talking about this one, there's no way around that. You can never get the angle right, sometimes Doodle (your hummingbird companion) is chilling right in front of the camera taking up half the screen, it needs work.The first level is a real tease, it'll put you right off the game. The problem is, it throws some very hard to reach collectibles at you with pits below them and no good safe areas to practice the skills you need to get them. So if you're a first time player that's also a completionist you're gonna rip your hair out trying to get them. But if you do give up for now, play the next couple levels, hone your skills, and come back, it won't let you skip *any* cutscenes, which are somewhat maddening as they only serve to introduce the very half baked story. Regardless, please stick with it for a couple levels, you won't regret it.It's a beautiful game, but unfortunately each of the groups of levels is only distinguished by new lighting effects. It's the same overgrown jungle temple aesthetic all the way through- I would have loved to have seen what else these talented artists could have put together.The music is great, it reminded me of Donkey Kong Country in all the right ways, and that shouldn't be a surprise since it's David Wise doing the music. Sadly there's only 6 distinct tracks total in the soundtrack, I wish there was just a little more variety.Despite this, the game is super rewarding. Getting through each obstacle reminds you of how much better you have become at being a snake, and how much fun it is to be a snake."
,Recommended,544330,33511210,Posted: 13 July,all,drixkarasu,"Recommended for platformer fans, really fun but a bit short."
76561198064504254,Recommended,544330,33301774,Posted: 5 July,all,[Chef]Slothzilla,This game puts the fattest smile on my face.  I can say with great confidence that after playing this game you will BE a happier person.
,Recommended,544330,30964914,Posted: 5 April,all,H.I. McDunnough,"If you are looking for a 3D platformer to scratch the nostalgia itch like I was and don't feel like dropping 40 bucks on Yooka Laylee due to its mixed reception, I HIGHLY recommend ""Snake Pass"". This feels like a title straight from the N64. The presentation, design, and aesthetic oooozes with that Rare production quality. ""Snake Pass"" is a physics based 3D platformer where you play as a snake. The UE4 graphics are gorgeous, the OST by composing legend David Wise is wonderful, the controls are very tight, it has a great learning curve, and is quite challenging. Since you are a snake there isn't any jumping you have to slither, wrap, and coil your way through the levels. Truly one of the most innovative platformers I have ever played. Can't recommend it enough.Oh, I should mention this NEEDS a controller.  It has KB + M controls but believe me, they are much more difficult.  I use a wireless Xbox One controller and it works great."
,Recommended,544330,30802485,Posted: 28 March,all,Trigger,"Very chill, unique game. Controls really well. Love that there are no time limits on stages giving you plenty of time to explore and search for collectables. Check it out if you're looking for a laid back experience."
76561198011584164,Recommended,544330,30847218,Posted: 30 March,all,BUBUBUBUBBERDUCKYBUBBERDUCKYBUBB,"These sorts of games do not come around very often.I have heard Snake Pass compared to Snake Rattle 'n Roll before, but I'd compare it more to Ecco the Dolphin. You control an animal in the way that you'd expect it to control. Although Noodle is cartoony and cute and the world he inhabits is pastel and saccharine, the puzzles are difficult, the mechanics are complex, and Noodle really feels like controlling a real snake in the same way that Ecco felt like a real dolphin back in the nineties. Here, Noodle himself IS the game; the entire world he explores is constructed to accomodate him. He isn't an anthropomorphized and stripped down avatar with a few skills vaguely resembling how his body is constructed, and I find that really cool.The game is simplistic but not to a fault. It almost feels like a tech demo in some aspects in that it exists for one purpose; to celebrate and show off the main mechanic at work. It was hard to choose between this and Yooka Laylee knowing that Yooka will be a far more rhobust game overall, but the charm at play here made it an easy sell due to the uniqueness of gameplay, as basic though it may be.Overall so far, I am loving it. A few levels in, I love the construction of the stages. It can be difficult early on, especially collecting some of the early coins since you will not understand the mechanics well enough to be successful, but the learning curve is fair and when you finally figure out how Noodle moves, its so joyously satisfying to wrap him around branches, slither to gain speed, and explore the nooks and crannies of the levels (though it might have been nice if there were more variety between levels, especially the music, enjoyable as it is.)Great game!"
76561198067009700,Recommended,544330,33707359,Posted: 21 July,all,Frankfooter,Has that a retro vibe that makes me think of the N64.
76561198101151329,Recommended,544330,32744513,Posted: 24 June,all,Kingcobra,What a fantasssstic game!
76561198071829684,Recommended,544330,31839861,Posted: 19 May,all,Ram Shofar,Extremly fun game just make sure you use controller (unless you want to the added challege of a keyboard/mouse which is fun too...)
,Recommended,544330,32134648,Posted: 2 June,all,TBD GAMING,"If you like old school platformers you will love this game. The controls can be a little frustrating at the begining, but once you get the hang of it it's completely fine. Snake Pass is just a happy, relaxing, fun game to play! 10/10"
,Recommended,544330,35277002,Posted: 28 September,all,Soken,"I was meaning to write a massive review about how great this game is, but I forgot. I'm too lazy to cover my points, so here's a basic rundown: gud game buy nowThis review ♥♥♥♥ing sucks"
76561198135968494,Recommended,544330,30801620,Posted: 28 March,all,Harsh45,"As you can already see I have only played25 minutes of Snake Pass.  The game is fantastic!- Game runs second to none.- Graphics are beautiful.- Music is as good as it gets.- Controls are very good as well,  The more you play the better you'll get.- Lots of collectables.- Controllers work great!  I usually use an Xbone controller but I used a PS4 pro controllerand it works as good as an Xbone controller would.- Game loads incredibly fast,  Which is always a plus.9/10"
,Recommended,544330,30800218,Posted: 28 March,all,Reyedog,"I had been waiting for this game for a long time and it is finally here.  It plays feels and sounds and looks exactly how they promoted it.  This game unless something comes by to re invent what it just did deserves allot of awards and possibly game of the year for 2017.   Grab it while you can.  I hope this becomes a long series cause holy cow is this game lovely. and I would like to see more.   *Applauds  for a very awesomely job well done *Do I recommend this game?  Yes. All the Yes .I have had zero problems with the game itself, Controls are great and teachs you things. Exploring is rewarding. Sound track is great & sound FX.    Plus you get to be a danger noodle."
,Recommended,544330,30919179,Posted: 3 April,all,A Small Wuf,Noodle naps if you stay still.10/10Would reccomend for napping snek.
,Recommended,544330,31245925,Posted: 19 April,all,lovethegames97,ER MAH GERD ITS A SNAKE
76561198142739966,Recommended,544330,30908537,Posted: 2 April,all,RedDeath01,OMG this game... its just SOOO ♥♥♥♥ING CHARMING.GOD DAMN ITS CHARMING
,Not Recommended,544330,32153467,Posted: 3 June,all,TheGrimReaper0011,"I can't recommend this game.I can praise the developers for trying something unique and in many ways, in it's unique-ness, Snake Pass shines.However, that camera, that checkpoint system and those controls.While it controls okay for the most part, I think the control is minigated for trying to keep it simple.While I understand why they did that, this makes harder challenges just infuriating, rather than satisfying.The camera sucks. It just plain sucks. It gets too close to the snake, too close to the ground, doesn't know where to actually go at times and it can and will kill you during do or die situations, whether it be because it doesn't know where to go, get's stuck on objects or is obstructed by objects and not giving you a clear vision of what you're even doing.It looks and runs beautiful, but I don't think it's very good."
,Recommended,544330,31033021,Posted: 8 April,all,Jater,9/10-1 I can't let my snake eat that humming bird.
,Recommended,544330,31817514,Posted: 18 May,all,V,Charming collectathon platformer with a twissst.
76561198116814883,Recommended,544330,30916929,Posted: 2 April,all,BLAHBLAHwoohoo,Maybe the most innovative platformer ever. It feels so natural. Pure joy!
,Recommended,544330,30916246,Posted: 2 April,all,Z-Games,"this game brings me back to the golden age of video games, if anyone that is thinking about buying this game should stop thinking and just buy it."
76561198012791597,Recommended,544330,30914793,Posted: 2 April,all,Beautiful Burton,"Snake Pass is a 3D platformer, but instead of jumping you slither around as a snake and have to wrap yourself around poles to get over obstacles.  Somewhat reminiscent of games like OctoDad or Surgeon Simulator, but humor isnt the goal.  It is meant to make you control like a snake and you will move at a snail's pace if you dont slither.  With colorful visuals, and David Wise's great but sadly small soundtrack this is a relaxing and engrossing game that I reccomend to everyone."
76561198025720200,Recommended,544330,32782146,Posted: 25 June,all,shffldrllshn,Best snake simulator I have experienced.
,Recommended,544330,32933179,Posted: 28 June,all,Amethyst,"Wonderful! Truly unque game with a satisfying learning curve. After a while you find yourself doing things you couldn't imagine doing when you first start. With practice you gain a deeper and deeper understanding of the movement of your snake, and start seeing new possibilities everywhere."
,Recommended,544330,33197347,Posted: 3 July,all,walruski,"Impressive and very well built.I purchased this game on the Summer 2017 Steam Sale, because quite frankly I thought it looked very cool. I wanted to take a break from more competitive games.Although the game is very good graphics wise, I felt like it didn't suit my style because I was more into action style games.However, I do recommend this game to anyone who happens to have quite the strong PC and wants to completely relax, or wants to buy it for his young kid/ present for someone young.Very enjoyable and very easy to learn the controls.All in all, I give it a 9/10"
76561198080195813,Recommended,544330,33382426,Posted: 8 July,all,ThiccNicc,"Cute little game that gains inspiration from the golden age of video games. It's unique and very creative. It controls like nothing I have ever seen. Took me 11 hours to get every achievement and I enjoyed every bit of it. It's not easy nor hard, but just the right difficultly. Definitely worth your time and money. Looking forward to see what Sumo Digital will make in the future."
,Recommended,544330,33234514,Posted: 4 July,all,Merusworks,A platformer where you play as a snake that moves like a snake. It's kind of a thrill to go from flailing about to keeping good grip to watching your balance on a bit of bamboo to being able to weave your way almost anywhere. It's an inviting looking game; I reckon there'll be some kids somewhere for whom this will be a part of their childhood.
,Recommended,544330,32799143,Posted: 25 June,all,Jacob of RetroTech,Snake Pass is...Incredibly frustratingSuper funonce you figure out how the controls and physics work.Delightful in music and sound.Graphically pleasant.Genius in naming characters (Doodle and Noodle are perfect names).Logical and Interesting in controls.Snake Pass gets a pass! A really great game. Treat yourself to a decent challenge.
76561198053604879,Recommended,544330,33421659,Posted: 9 July,all,athetos,"Easily the most original and innovative platformer I've played in years. You master the art of squirming and sliding around obstacle courses, exploring your environment and picking up collectibles. The music is fun and relaxing, the characters are adorable and the art style is vibrant. The level design is generally good, however some levels get tedious and borderline infuriating towards the end of the game.Controls are simple but extremely difficult to master. Unlike any other platformer I have ever played before.You will be frustrated at some point, no doubt. Sometimes Doodle (the snake's little bird friend) will get in front of your camera and cause you to die, but you can't stay mad at him for long. He's just too darn cute. Occasionally your camera will have a mind of its own, shifting where you don't want it to shift, causing you to die. Often times I found myself getting impatient with the snake mechanics, causing me to die. Dying in this game is inexplicably aggravating, so be prepared to take a break every once in a while.The main story can be completed in under 5 hours, but there are a ton of optional collectibles if you're a completionist. I would definitely recommend this on a sale, but it may be worth the full price to you if you really, really enjoy being a snake.I really hope this game gets a sequel at some point, if for no other reason than to tighten up the controls and polish the level design. Still a fun and enjoyable experience."
76561198008397882,Recommended,544330,33248171,Posted: 4 July,all,yula568,"This game felt like those old, colorful, childhood games for me. So much fun a relief after all those fight-or-die games. :)It is challenging, and fun to complete.And we can play as a snake! It's a rare thing, because hard to animate and build good levels around a hero like this.But this game nails it.The controlls and the camera are indeed a bit frustrating sometimes and you will slip off the ledges, many times, but I accepted, that it's part of the gameplay. You can learn to have controll, as you progress.I recommend this game for everyone, who wants to have fun, have a bit of nostalgia, and love snakes, as I do. :)"
,Recommended,544330,33440223,Posted: 10 July,all,BigEZK,"Very good IF you have a gamepad. otherwise, stay away."
,Recommended,544330,33222194,Posted: 4 July,all,Kajiuran,"Best game featuring a 2 character combo since Banjo-Kazooie.  The sound effects and music are great, and there's such attention to detail in the level design and challenges that makes the entire game worth playing.  I slip and fall often but the snake's cute face and sound effects are so adorable!!"
76561198010852611,Recommended,544330,33322046,Posted: 6 July,all,Sp0ckz0mbi3,A very unique game with a very unique control scheme.Pros: Happy Sneks.Cons: Control scheme while interesting can be incredibly frustrating at times. Mostly the raise head button often causes you to lose your grip and fall to your death. Also the checkpoints are spaced way to far apart.Still despite some frustrations I would recommend it
,Recommended,544330,30821591,Posted: 29 March,all,Nathan,"Snake Pass is where you play as a snake named Noodle and have a hummingbird friend named Doodle to help you through the world, platforming around and solving puzzles along the way.This game can be played as get the main objects and then you are off to the next level, or you can collect everything inside the level, like a Banjo Kazooie game.The graphics are beautiful and the snake is adorably cute. The soundtrack works brilliantly with the game and really fits with the theme.The snake physics in this game are excellent as you can coil yourself up, slither around (which is the movement mechanic in the game) and do other snake things.I do recommend playing the game with a controller, however it is possible with a keyboard and mouse.The only cons I have is that the camera is a little wonky in certain areas in the map, as well as, sometimes you have to press the button twice to get the help from Doodle.Overall a game I would highly recommend if you like snakes, physics-puzzle-platform-exploration game or the vibe of Banjo Kazooie games."
,Recommended,544330,30800648,Posted: 28 March,all,eobet,"First off: You have to waggle your controller to slither, which I find amazing! :)This is a super charming game, but don't be fooled by the cute graphics, it's really challenging if you are a completionist and want to get maximum score. I'm glad to report that the game controls as good as it looks, and it's so far not frustrating when you fail. However, I feel that this game would greatly benefit from being played on a 3D display (or even VR) because you do need to judge the depth of the snake head when you climb certain ladders.As a side note, I do not like snakes at all, and certain movements of Noodle (awesome name, by the way) and certain angles when his scales glisten still makes me uneasy, despite the cute graphics. And despite that, I'm slightly sad that he eats water bubbles(?) instead of small furry creatues... :)I really hope this game gets recognition, because this is basically the next Super Mario 64, using modern technology to take a genre to the next level. If you like this, I recommend playing Grow Up as well, which also bends the genre in tangential way (although not nearly as cute or colorful as this)."
76561198041099788,Recommended,544330,30801180,Posted: 28 March,all,Tathendal,"A bit like the snake game on my Nokia 3210, but this one is not so realistic because the snake won't grow as I eat things and this is also easier since I can't die by colliding with my own tail"
,Recommended,544330,30797764,Posted: 28 March,all,Ben Bernanke,Accurately depicts snakes as slithering puppies. 10/10
,Recommended,544330,30801716,Posted: 28 March,all,Strig,"If you have the slightest interest in this game, I suggest giving it a go. For $20, this game is a steal. A charming game that obviously had a lot of love given to it. The music is fantastic, graphics are bright and vivid. The gameplay is pretty solid, I never knew being a snake would be this enjoyable. There's just something very satisfying about coiling yourself around the objects and slithering around things. I can only hope for a sequel with a more fleshed out world and new things you can do as a snake."
76561197977705598,Recommended,544330,30828295,Posted: 30 March,all,Mr. Taco (vinny),"Pros:-Simple concept, yet challenging-vibrant graphics-awesome music-Slithering around the levels is oddly satisfyingCons:-While the music is good, there is only one song that loops. Thankfully the song is long enough to not notice it too much.-Checkpoints ruin the fun of this game imo. If you fall off the level and you didn't recently go to a checkpoint, you will have to collect the collectables again.-In some cases it can be a little too easy to fall off when you grip onto obstacles.Overall this game is a fun to play when you want to relax and collect things if you're willing to look past some of its minor flaws."
,Recommended,544330,30840175,Posted: 30 March,all,E123OmegaShow,"This is a fun 3d platformer with lot of collectables to find. Gameplay is great, takes a while to get used to but once you master it its totally fun! Graphics are amazing, music by David Wise is perfect. I had a lot of fun looking for every single collectable in each level. The story is pretty simple and kinda boring but the gameplay is the game s best quality.If you love collectathon games, you will LOVE this one, try it out!And there are some cool unlockables once you beat the game ;)"
,Recommended,544330,30832702,Posted: 30 March,all,Senap,"Hard as balls, great mechanic. Well worth."
,Recommended,544330,30833272,Posted: 30 March,all,Sinnveyr,This game is fantastic.This type of fun game is what's been missing from my library.
,Recommended,544330,30843608,Posted: 30 March,all,slawww,"Even though I love the concept, unfortunately the game is all about fighting the bad controls. They are so unbelivably frustrating that you can barely control the snake. This game was probably developed with controller in mind, so if you're like myself playing with the usual mouse and keyboard, think twice before geting it."
,Recommended,544330,30844415,Posted: 30 March,all,Skyzard,"Platform like a snake.Great fun. Awesome music, nice and relaxing, until you fall off again and again. Has that one more climb feeling.Love it. A tropical snake gymnasium.Streaming it to play handheld, works great and looks stunning."
,Recommended,544330,30806042,Posted: 28 March,all,Kodiak Zodiac,"Very happy and chill game. Characters are fun and the graphics and sound are awesome, controls are on point too. Don't think, just hit [Add to Cart] and thank me later."
76561198040567795,Recommended,544330,30847101,Posted: 30 March,all,Kevster012,"I recommend this game of what I played of it. Only issue is game says recommended specs is a Amd 6870HD. I have a Amd 6970HD. Game runs poorly on my card(1st level was like 20 fps then dropped to 15 the next level). So I would say overall good game, but I recommend the recommended specs be changed, because otherwise its a good game. I will however be hoping for a refund and getting it for ps4 instead. Just thought I would warn people if they go to purchase the game thinking their gpu can handle it and then it end up not working for them."
,Recommended,544330,30847348,Posted: 30 March,all,Eldricht,"When I saw this game on my queue, I initially looked at the price tag. $20 for a somewhat goofy looking game about a snake? Oh boy, here we go another 'snake' game which probably controls like garbage and isn't interesting. BUT WAIT, I thought, I SHOULD WATCH THE VIDEOS.I was instantly blown away by the concept, a game about an adorable snake which behaves much like a real snake in that I have to coil and wind and wrap my way around a beautiful 3D environment? I did a complete 180 and bought the game on the spot. I proceeded to play 3 hours of it and showed it to my friends.Details:Snake Pass is a physics based 3D platformer with a feel not unlike old Nintendo 3d platformers like banjokazooie. The game runs very smoothly, no real hiccups. Controls are (I'm using an Xbox 360 controller) very smooth and responsive, however the camera can get a little wonky at times.The game itself is beautiful, thoughtfully crafted stages with many more than just one path that you can take. The visuals are enticing and vibrant, the snake itself while cartoony has a great deal of depth. A highly expressive face makes the snake extremely adorable, he's definitely wrapped himself around my heart already.The puzzles themselves are creative, start off easy and ramp up the challenge at a quick but smooth pace. Again there are multiple solutions to most problems.Overall:I absolutely love this game, the $20 price tag is well worth it for this incredible platformer. 9/10"
,Recommended,544330,30855177,Posted: 31 March,all,Lange,"Snake Pass is certainly a new and unique kind of platformer. I was skeptical of the controls, but this is what compelled me to play it. I found this to be an immediately charming quality; I couldn't get any sense of it by seeing it, I simply had to play it and experience what it's like.The game stars Noodle, a lazy orange striped snake and his energetic hummingbird friend Doodle. It begins with a cutscene setting up a basic premise to motivate the protagonists into action, and within moments has the player going through the first level introducing the game's common tasks and controls.It plays more intuitively than I imagined. Noodle's movement is managed by a button for forward movement, a button to point him straight up, and the joystick for lateral steering. The game has no modesty about giving you the complete snake experience through its mechanics, in which Noodle moves most efficiently by winding left and right across surfaces. Unlike other platformers, Noodle has no means to jump. You are expected to make liberal use of the environment and depend upon your traction against the ground, walls, and bamboo shoots which commonly provide Noodle with means to traverse the level. Noodle behaves like a neatly defined ragdoll rope with locomotive power. It is as forgiving as it is unforgiving. Noodle has a lot of leeway in being able to crawl over surfaces. Often if you can get Noodle's head on a platform, he may be able to shimmy the rest of the way up. You can coil him around bamboo to extend your grasp, and gravity is a bit weak giving Noodle greater horizontal air and easier reaction time. However, Noodle can just as easily become a victim of physical forces to the player's misfortune. His body has distributed weight, and one small slip can cause Noodle's body to begin spilling off of a surface and accumulate weight until he's dragged off completely by the merciless force of gravity. While maneuvering Noodle is about as intuitive as it can be, it can be very challenging to juggle his unusual movement actions to get him to behave how you want, from climbing to coiling to just trying not to fall. There are two other actions, which have Noodle gripping a surface and summoning Doodle to lift up Noodle's tail. While the game frequently reminded me of the grip action early on, I found it to be marginally useful and could not tell when was best to use it. The tail lift had more uses, such as allowing Noodle to climb platforms more easily since the rear weight is diminished, but even then it was hard to find many useful situations for it. Regardless, the controls are fairly good and the player can well improve with practice.The gameplay does not have exact solutions for most situations, and this is where a lot of the fun comes in. Noodle's loose, quirky, physics based movement and the openness of the environment let the player work out everything their own way. There are many ways to scale even the simplest arrangements, and you're expected to figure out how to maneuver Noodle on your own to get from point A to B. Sometimes you can cheat and scale odd sections of the environment, and the game pays no mind. You're given carefully constructed worlds, and the correct answer for anything you encounter is ""whatever works"".Levels are isolated worlds like a classic arcade style 3D game. The goal of each level is to find three keystones that open the end gate. The arrangement of the levels vary from linear courses with the gate at the very end, to nonlinear maps where the gate is central with the keystones scattered around. The levels are composed of floating islets suspended in the abyss, and should Noodle fall off, he must respawn at one of the checkpoints placed around. Naturally, Noodle is often required to navigate perilous arrangements of platforms and bamboo across gaps and traps, which is the game's primary challenge. Each level is filled with secondary collectibles, a couple dozen blue pickups called wisps and five golden coins for the player to gather for completion's sake, and often require the player to, both figuratively and literally, stick their neck out to collect. These can be hard to gather even in the earlier levels, and will truly test your snake savvy. The common wisps are easy to take for granted early on, but as the levels become more elaborate, they become sacred collectibles and intensely demanding of the player's tenacity.Trying to be hasty and rush through a level is certain failure. This game demands careful steps and patience, and you will become intimate with the most trivial segments, most especially when attempting to collect the extra items. Be prepared for lots of failures and retries, even when you take your time. Just when you think you got Noodle positioned just right, it's easy to make one wrong move and send Noodle plummeting to his doom, or not notice when he uncoils too much and slips off. Even when you've finally nabbed that item you struggled so much for, you discover that getting back to safe land is the second half of the challenge. This game can get very frustrating, and some may see this as a negative. The controls and mechanics aren't perfect. Noodle's collision is sometimes too finicky and his head can clunk around hitting himself and other elements as you're trying to position him, even for a basic coil maneuver. His collision is so good that it can actually be a detriment; being able to push Noodle's body against itself can make Noodle his own obstacle and put him into tricky situations if he's in a small space. Possibly the worst aspect of gameplay I found was the camera. It has scripted positions in parts of levels and usually it works well, but it can also fight against the player's interests. It sometimes has strange behavior and clings to walls. Given Noodle's trifecta movement control scheme versus the arrangement of level elements, you may sometimes find that you need the camera in two places at once, and finding the right angle is difficult. This can lead to difficulty judging Noodle's aim and positioning and making a bad move you didn't intend, sending Noodle to his demise.The game's presentation is superb. The art and graphics are lush and beautifully done, and work together with the famous dulcet tones of David Wise to create a cohesive and lovely entrancing atmosphere. It reminds me very much of a late 3D platformer era gem, and I could easily see it having existed as a PS1 or PS2 classic. The game is light on world and story. There are occasional short cutscenes that line the game with a faint narrative. It can be considered one step above an excuse plot. It's mild and merely sets the game's purpose, but there's just enough established that it could be expanded upon for something more interesting (I'd sure like a sequel that goes further with it). Despite his slothful demeanor, Noodle is quite expressive, showing a range of emotions based on his situation. He relishes collecting items and panics upon falling from heights. Impressively, Noodle can sense if he's losing grip on bamboo and expresses fright if he begins to fall, giving the player feedback of Noodle's traction. And of course, he occasionally sticks out his tongue and hisses just as a snake should.There are 15 levels across 4 differently themed worlds. The themes aren't too diverse, but each are very nice in their own way and introduce relevant gimmicks and hazards that add to the game as it progresses. 15 levels might seem small, but given the game's demand of patience and how large and complex they get, you may end up glad that there's only 15 to contend with given all of the highly challenging collectibles in each. Don't feel too obligated to collect everything on the first go either; clearing the main game will give you something to aid your item hunting. The game may suffer in terms of replay value, but a single full completion may keep you busy for quite a while. Overall I've very much enjoyed the game and recommend it."
76561198009903346,Recommended,544330,30832991,Posted: 30 March,all,Qalaxy,"Written Review Belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHW2B9crPXUWell then, what do we have here? A game about sneks… or… danger noodles - as professional herpetologists say, Yes, that’s exactly what we have. A big glorious loveable noodle and his happy little birdy sidekick. The tag team are off on an adventure to repair the broken gates and save the land from an dark, menacing, evil.If I could honestly sum up this entire review in one word and walk away happy knowing I’ve expressly shared my feelings -that word would be joy. But, in taking on this review I have charged myself with the duty to give you at least some sort of critical breakdown.Hopping into the game I had these strange feelings of nostalgia. That’s weird, right? I had never played nor seen this game before and yet.. I was sitting here staring at something that made me feel the familiarity of an old friend.Then suddenly it hit me.. this games atmosphere reminded me quite a bit of some of the older Rare titles. For those uninitiated, RARE where the developers behind such games as Banjo Kazooie, Conker’s bad fur day, diddy kong racing, and Donkey Kong 64 – just to name a few. Mind you, I compare this game loosely with the previously mentioned titles and only really bring up the feeling of similarity as it’s the best way I can start to describe this game.  Beyond the feeling itself this game is like no other I have ever played.Snake simulator 2018 is a platform puzzler with a very unique mechanic. That mechanic being the ability to hop into the role of a snake. Now you may be asking yourself what exactly that means.. and well it means that you slither, climb, and coil your way through each level.  It’s not as easy as it sounds. The controls in this game are the biggest challenge to overcome. jumping into the game and trying to figure out how to control noodle is not as simple as just receiving a tutorial screen and having a breakdown of button mappings. Yes his name really is noodle… I love you developers…  if for nothing else, your awesome naming.With a keyboard, learning to maneuver was a consent battle – mind you, it was a battle I was determined to overcome.  I couldn’t stop thinking to myself that this game would play so much better  with a controller on a consol.. there’s good reason for that. After doing my research I found out that this game was indeed a multiplatform release.It’s on just about every modern day console.  Wth some relief, I am pleased to report that beyond a seriously lacking options menu and the somewhat awkward controls – there are few damaging signs of a PC port, rest easy my PC pals.As I pushed on I slowly became more accustomed to the weird controls. Happy that I had slain the first obstacle I started looking towards what difficulties I would stumble upon next.  Sadly, I was a little let down. The maps are well put together and do have a few challenging parts – but as far as overall difficulty goes I must inform that, with ease, I overcame everything thrown at me. This isn’t me trying to brag that I’m a MLG superstar or anything… it’s just that - the game has a habit of bombarding you with checkpoints left and right.  I bring this up it took me 7 or 8 levels before I finally experienced my first death. Immediately upon feeling some challenge the game promptly spawned me five feet from where noodle was turned into my new wallet. This can be a double-edged sword – I do feel like this game is geared more towards the casual platformer and puzzler crowd so I guess in some respects it can get away with this. Overall the game does get progressively harder, but, with only 15 levels currently within the game – the challenge felt like it was only begging to start near the end of the last 3 maps  .After you beat each section of maps you unlock a time trial mode. There’s also blue orbs and coins to collect in each level… but, beyond that – that’s the game. It’s really quite a simplistic game, and I don’t mean that in a bad way. The current cost, at least on PC, is $20 which if I was going to buy the game again knowing  everything I know now – I would.It took me just a little over four hours to work my way through the 15 levels. It was a small little burst of enjoyment and I was really quite sad when I realized that my journey had ended. There is some replayability with the time trials and collectables, but, beyond that I don’t see myself getting anything more than 10 hours out of this… Unless, they add more levels..  developers.. please?Ultimately, my final thoughts on this game are good. I had an enjoyable run – as short as it was. And, In the end I didn’t feel like I wasted my time or get uncontrollably frustrated at broken mechanic. There is an overall story. And it did had its charms but in my opinion it ended up being just a small part of the game. I would go into more detail with it, however, I don’t want to spoil anything for those interested. It was what it was on face value – a budget worthy light hearted-puzzle platformer. This game is sort of like what I’m going for in this review. Short and sweet."
76561198026530346,Recommended,544330,30952505,Posted: 4 April,all,6000000° Oven,"Bough this game to spite Yooka-Laylee, since it was a colorful collectathon(-lite) that didn't pander to SJWs or blatantly copy old successes and was released 2 weeks before. It's quite fun, has challenging gameplay and the devs didn't try to make a political statement with it (although they do mention Noodle is a vegetarian, which is simply impossible as all snakes are obligated carnivores). At first the game does seem easy. even with the learning curve related to controlling a snake, but collecting everything gradually gets more and more challenging as the levels go. Completing the main game 100% will take you around 12 hours, your mileage may vary. Overall it's a comfy platforming snek simulator."
,Recommended,544330,31433397,Posted: 29 April,all,daughtermurder™,"Buy this before you buy Yooka Laylee and try a game that actually improves upon the collectable puzzle platformer genre, rather than a rehash of a tired formula. I know they aren't directly comparable, but if you are looking for a relaxing platformer/pure nostalgia trip, I still think you'll probably enjoy this more - DK Country inspired music and all makes this game awesome"
76561198021631602,Recommended,544330,31995466,Posted: 27 May,all,Cobbi,"Great game! Fun and challenging, but easy to pick up."
,Recommended,544330,30797595,Posted: 28 March,all,Xelias,"Edited review. The game is a glorious example of an old school 3d platformer done right, it's bright and colourfull and reminds me of the best, most interesting platformers on the PS1/PS2. the mai game has been pretty easy so far, but each level comes with a few additional coins each requiring some work.I highly recommend the game. (though foreigners will have to search through the forums to find a way to change the language.)[[edit: since apparently people want a proper review of the game, I'll give them one.At the moment  I cannot enjoy the game, I do not reccoment it to anyone that want to play it in english and lives outside of the UK or the US.]]"
,Recommended,544330,30806345,Posted: 28 March,all,Tigerparrot,"I heard about this game awhile ago and I have been eagerly awaiting release. Was not disappointed.PROS+ Snek is love snek is life+ Controls are way more intuitive than you think+ Visual and audio aesthetic are top notch+ A refreshing new take on a classic genre+ Features a sidekick character who has a useful mechanic rather than just being an exposition dumpCONS- I want to keep playing, but my thumb hurts. Probably best for relatively short sessions- Minor camera annoyances (infrequent)11/10 I love snakes and I love this game"
,Recommended,544330,30808948,Posted: 29 March,all,Swirly'o,7/10Pros: Beutiful GrahpicsFun GameplayEasy ObjctivesGreat for a relaxing break from other intence gamesCons: I feel this game was made for a controller and the keyboard and mouse can be hard to get used to however i have allready almost nailed them.
,Recommended,544330,31475575,Posted: 30 April,all,nblackburn,It feels like a throw back to 90's platformers but bringing something new and fresh to the table.This game is a mechanical masterpiece and a joy to play.
76561197974770053,Recommended,544330,30956265,Posted: 4 April,all,Big Shooter,Ride the snake!
,Recommended,544330,30924036,Posted: 3 April,all,hussin,this game is very COOL but vrey hard
,Recommended,544330,31196058,Posted: 17 April,all,GENERAL WASTE,I have not played it for long but its enough to know this game is amazing!
,Recommended,544330,32140121,Posted: 2 June,all,That's Platinum,"Resolution isnt great, but the gameplay is relaxing and fun."
76561198117231253,Recommended,544330,30978650,Posted: 6 April,all,Hades,A nice fun little platforming game. Controls take some time to get used to but nothing too complicated.
76561198028261923,Recommended,544330,31467114,Posted: 30 April,all,lox,Second only to Mount and Blade: Warband
,Recommended,544330,31027427,Posted: 8 April,all,choot,"This is a really good game, but...I really cannot play this. I get 7 fps constantly, even on the lowest settings. My PC is decent I guess, I can run Skyrim with 30 and Just Cause 2 with 20. Please, for the love of God, add more options to the video settings tab."
76561198089932450,Recommended,544330,32178227,Posted: 4 June,all,Gypsy Nationalist,"Pretty fun, hummingbird kinda annoying, controls take a bit of time getting used to"
,Recommended,544330,31211541,Posted: 17 April,all,PteroDancer,"is good, perfect 5/7"
,Recommended,544330,34624806,Posted: 30 August,all,CheapShots,Awesome game.  Runs smooth and never gets old.  I would definately purchase a sequel to this game.Camera does get a little wonky.  It would be a great game if it had more story and boss battles.
76561198331777527,Recommended,544330,34541118,Posted: 27 August,all,Artizard,"Well worth my money, in my opinion.Fun game, great controls, and a lovable snake makes me want to go back and play this game more.While I agree that it is challenging at times, it's still fun and really makes you be in a snakes's shoes, well you know what I mean. X3"
,Recommended,544330,34944929,Posted: 14 September,all,Cock Womble,"It's a fiddly pain in the backside, but I still enjoyed it despite a camera which continually spins to where it thinks it should be, a hummingbird that won't get out of the centre of the screen and wind mechanics which undo knots and blow from the other direction than they appear.Pick it up in a sale for a £5."
76561198071098825,Recommended,544330,32776773,Posted: 25 June,all,theCollector™,"Amazing puzzle, strongly recommended a joystick for a better gameplay, nice graphics, physics and features.10/10"
76561198282586003,Recommended,544330,33398872,Posted: 9 July,all,Ike5598,Tough game but really fun!
,Recommended,544330,33737925,Posted: 23 July,all,bakersfield chimp,"I liked this game an awful lot riiiiiight up until the last level. Whoever it was that said that the wind mechanic in the last set of levels was garbage was spot on. If you're not trying to collect all of the coins and wisps it probably won't be nearly as rage-inducing, but that last section right before you get the final keystone in the last level really should have gone through more playtesting. It took waaaayyy too long to do it, even when I knew exactly what it was that I needed to do."
,Recommended,544330,35283346,Posted: 28 September,all,King_Kermit,"Very unique and very good. It takes a while to get used to the controls, but even getting used to it is fun. I would recommend it to literally anyone, unless they are blind, because... ""video"" game..."
,Recommended,544330,30821345,Posted: 29 March,all,13xforever,"Never thought that slithering around is all I wanted from a physics-based puzzle platformer. Everything about this game is fun: the gameplay, the colorful visuals, the soundtrack. And you'll likely revisit at least some of the levels to complete all the challenges."
,Recommended,544330,30825172,Posted: 29 March,all,Tringhazi,"I do not like this snake, Charlie. Its smug aura mocks me."
76561198196925090,Recommended,544330,30840715,Posted: 30 March,all,我们的目标是新的开始,This is sooo cool! I pet a snake at home so I know the feeling. It is interesting that we can change his expression. (like it XD) Just a little bit difficult and I dont understand why the tail just slip away sometimes and then... fall off. Dead.
76561198104641255,Recommended,544330,30859624,Posted: 31 March,all,Evil Ed,"My kids found it on youtube and after some begging it was bought and downloaded. At first I thought it would be a bit to difficult but despite their young age (8 and 5) they understood the controls and mechanics in a few minutes. Graphics and physics are great and I have no problem with lag. Only thing to complain about is the difficulty level - as the graphics is of the ""cartoony"" style many kids will like it, but the game is a bit too hard. Still recommend it though, and hope that selectable difficulty will be added later."
,Recommended,544330,30825208,Posted: 29 March,all,Turknor,"Just fantastic. It is a thoroughly polished  puzzle-platformer with enduring protagonists and a refreshing colorful art style. The controls are intuitive, and the game is the perfect blend of challenge and serenity. Reminds me of my favorite classic console games while bringing something completely new to the table. The graphics are stellar and ui unobtrusive.Such a breath of fresh air. Buy this game."
,Recommended,544330,30840153,Posted: 30 March,all,mvincent17781,Amazing. Plays just as beautifully as it looks and sounds. The whole vibe is an N64/PS1 platformer's nostalgia trip.Bought it to support the notion that classic 3D platformers aren't dead. I definitely don't regret that decision.
,Recommended,544330,30841445,Posted: 30 March,all,BrutalNord,"TLDR; This game is three things: Magical, satisfying and fun. If you're missing the feeling of old 3d platformer games, try this one.I have felt this kind of joy and amazement last as a kid playing videogames like Rayman, Spyro and Crash. The makers have apparently found liquid nostalgia and childlike wonder and poured it into this game. The feeling you get when you finally do some hard climbing part is great and 100% completing the levels is fun.Visually the game is good looking, I personally do not like the depth of field effect it makes it hard to look into the distances and see if you missed anything. I have a 5 year old PC with GTX 660and i5-3350p 3.10 GHz and it runs ok-ish on max settings but I can get it to run well on slightly lower settings.Control wise, the games is very innovative. You ""have"" to move like an actual snake, if you just go in a straight line you go very slowly, you need to slither to gain speed. Noodle, (Yes the snakes name is Noodle) can feel a bit slippery especially when trying to climb up a bamboo pole or along a straight horizontal pole. But otherwise, wrapping yourself around obstacles and bamboo is very satisfying and at someparts surprisingly challenging.I have not yet finished the game so I cannot say aything about it's lenght, but I have already gotten 20€ worth in the 2-3 hours that I played.I recommend this game to anyone who is even the slightest bit curious about the mechanics."
76561198012419995,Recommended,544330,30845682,Posted: 30 March,all,TheGreatWille,"A very interesting concept for a 3D platformer that started out as a Hat Jam piece.Snake Pass' unique controls and concept serve to provide interesting gameplay with a wide variety of potential options for level design. Additionally, the art and audio styles really play to the strengths of the theming of the game itself. Hidden within its cartoony style are challenging platforming sections which feel rewarding.I  also really enjoyed figuring out the movement controls for the main character, Noodle, as he platformed his way across many of the challenges.However, with the current level design many of the levels' challenges have their difficulty artificially ramped up as they have too few checkpoints.I often collected a few blues and coins but then fell off the edge of the world further along in the level before reaching the next checkpoint. This caused me to lose all of the progress, roughly 5 minutes or more of collecting coins and blues, as it placed me back at my last checkpoint. While the challenges were appropriate for their rewards I often found the repetition of previous challenges frusterating to say the least.Additionally, many of the collectables were hidden throughout the game. While the pathing felt fine, I feel as though it could be reinforced by placing blues on the critical path and then having coins as more of an 'easter egg' around the level for the explorer to find.For anyone who enjoys exploring a map for all of the collectables, while at the same time enjoying a challenge of platforming, then Snake Pass is for you."
,Recommended,544330,30841302,Posted: 30 March,all,NathanielBlack,What a great game!If you like games like Grow Home and it's sequel Grow Up you'll love this one for sure as this one also has a unique way of moving around the world!
76561198144685665,Recommended,544330,30821018,Posted: 29 March,all,The Great Bambino,"Great game! Fun concept! For twenty bucks, this game is a must-buy, especially if you're able to use a gamepad with it."
,Recommended,544330,30825337,Posted: 29 March,all,Sir Digby,"I'm not sure quite how to feel about this game yet. Right now I'm neutral. Snake Pass is a brighly colored, physics based platforming collect-a-thon.  The core objective of each level is to find 3 gems to open a portal to the next level of ""Haven"". There is some light puzzle solving involving switches or pressure plates, etc., but the most substatial challenge seems to come from the optional collect-a-thon in each level.  Finding the 20 optional bubble crystal things (I'm just going to call them ""snake charms"") is fairly easy, but collecing the 5 coins can be brutal.Your enjoyment of the game comes down to how quickly you master the controls.  Although vastly different, this game shares a similarity with Surgeon Simulator, such that most of your frustration will be due to your inability to effectively perform a task you think should be so easily performed.  So far this really only seems to be a major issue If you are trying to collect everything in a given level.Control learning curve:It took quite a while for me to get the hang of movement controls. This is because they are based off of the camera position and not the snakes head.  Therefore to climb corkscrew style up bamboo, you can't just hold left or right on the analog stick and slither your way up. You must instead rotate the analog stick clockwise or anti-clockwise as you ascend.  This is generally fine, but if you start to shift the camera as you move, you can quickly become unraveled.  Even after you've master those controls, you may find that Climbing upwards is fairly straight forward and sometimes suspicously easy, whereas climbing down things safely can be a huge pain.I've died so many times trying to get the 5th coin on just the first level, I'm starting to make an  ""Asp"" of myself."
,Recommended,544330,30838170,Posted: 30 March,all,WhiteDragon,"This is one of the coolest platformers I've ever played! The visuals are beautiful, the gameplay is fun, and the puzzles, while seemingly simple, are difficult. This is a game that requires patience and practice to get good at, and it feels so rewarding when you can figure it out. Highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a unique, fun puzzle platformer game.P.S: I reccomend using a controller for this game, the mouse and keyboard controls are really difficult to use."
,Recommended,544330,30825104,Posted: 29 March,all,Tiberius,Highly recommended for Puzzle Platformer lovers+Great level design!+Unique snake mechanics that are well utilized+Charming artwork+Great music+Adorable+Snek-Camera doesn't work well in tight spaces
76561198241785092,Recommended,544330,30834319,Posted: 30 March,all,Milkman860,"Best inde game ever i love this game it remindes me of spyro soo cool rigth    u should update the game weekly or monthlyu can ad some gamemodes ,  speacial gits, armor so u can swim in lava for 10secs or soo,  and some more tipes of snakes,maybe coop or multyplayer :)    100 worth it love milkman860"
76561198135915730,Not Recommended,544330,33481675,Posted: 12 July,all,mrtnbenhur,"Beautiful game, with an old idea game taken to our presentbut controls are not good.Right and left aren't regarding to the snake but to the camera ! Nonsense !and there is nothing to set this and and the controller's map.All the idea of that game is to handle the snake into levels...but you can't set the controls as you want !"
76561198237139196,Recommended,544330,34355288,Posted: 19 August,all,OwenTheGoat,"This game is happy, fun, and cute! Worth it!"
76561197996719954,Recommended,544330,30825762,Posted: 29 March,all,danmaku,im a sneeeek ssssss
,Recommended,544330,30821670,Posted: 29 March,all,Ubie,Top snek
,Recommended,544330,30798842,Posted: 28 March,all,Shimba,"Quando você acha que não vai ver nada de novo, snake pass chega e adiciona ao gênero plataformer."
,Not Recommended,544330,33199007,Posted: 3 July,all,Moss,"Snake pass?More like I'LL PASSbut seriouslymovement is difficultclimbing is difficultyour little bird friend is basically uselessgood luck steering you body, you're gonna need it"
76561198407380409,Not Recommended,544330,35422155,Posted: 2 October,all,Gameric,"Good looking game with bright colors and sharp details; however, after playing 2 hours, I've decided to stop playing. The game is great on the surface but it lacks depth and gave me no sense of progression. The collectables aren't incentivized (that's the whole point of a level in the game), saves are terribly spread and can have you picking up the same orbs over and over again, and the music and sound effects eventually started to drive me insane. Waste of time."
76561198041080267,Recommended,544330,31165213,Posted: 15 April,all,IQ,"My GF likes to play this because it reminds her of my cute little snake named ""Noodle""."
76561197973167095,Recommended,544330,30801588,Posted: 28 March,all,Tythiss,"This is a fun game, and though I have only played for an hour, it is most enjoyable."
,Recommended,544330,30813827,Posted: 29 March,all,Hilary T. & Zeus,cool
,Recommended,544330,33471364,Posted: 11 July,all,AlexWrench,"Exactly what it says on the tin. Snake Pass harkens back to the early days of 3D platformers, where the entire game would be built around a few contrived movement mechanics. In case you couldn't figure it out, you're a snake in this one. It's great."
76561198035290819,Recommended,544330,34091304,Posted: 7 August,all,Mr. crazydude,A fun little game. best played with a guitar and dancemat.I'm kidding that's just how I play games. Best played with a gamepad of course.
,Recommended,544330,33420458,Posted: 9 July,all,^6GP| ^5Conch ^3Fritters,Modder dropped $40 mil on me. 10/10
76561198098497756,Recommended,544330,32879237,Posted: 27 June,all,nihonium,Some of the most enjoyable 16 hours of my life went into this great game :D
76561198223989608,Recommended,544330,35253067,Posted: 27 September,all,LeoncioX,"Buen juego, al principio es muy bonito pero avanzando los niveles se vuelven algo repetitivos,"
,Recommended,544330,30846951,Posted: 30 March,all,Dr. Feelgood,One of the most innovative 3D platformers in years - awesome!
,Recommended,544330,30822149,Posted: 29 March,all,Rico Rodriguez (Kaisernik),Game is great
76561198140058439,Recommended,544330,33494074,Posted: 12 July,all,Maks4Bard,"The game is basically ""How to I get there/do the thing by moving like a snake?"" and it playes quite well. People say that the movement is difficult, but that is because it is the puzzle."
,Recommended,544330,30794311,Posted: 28 March,all,DreamCloud,This is what happens when Kaa from the Jungle Book takes a hit of acid.
,Not Recommended,544330,31913035,Posted: 22 May,all,noobule,"Maybe I'm calling this too early, but I'm not feeling it. In a game where the entire challenge is built on delicate movement, things are too unpredictable, and the terrible save system only compounds those issues.Your body is a physical object that is constantly being pulled down by gravity. This is the core of the challenge in the game - getting around obstacles cleanly enough and quickly enough that you get around them without either falling off or being pulled off by your poorly supported body. This is a very cute in theory but in practice your constantly unspooling body changes how you move throughout an obstacle, rapidly changing how your snake reacts to the controls.  Adding to these are some serious camera issues, particularly with the way the head moves in relation to the camera. Your head will often move in the opposite direction you intended, or at a wildly different speed.  In the key moments of this game - piloting through precarious challenges or attempting to fix mistakes - your body won't behave as you expect and these moments quickly become very frustrating. Essentially this game is hundreds of attempts at threading a needle when the thread doesn't move in a consistent manner.To make matters worse, this game has a very poor save system. The game is built around collecting various doodads (blobs, coins and gems) in often precarious situations, but makes no effort to save your progress within the game. You must return to checkpoints continously to update your collection and avoid losing several minutes work to a misjudgement on a cliff face. While the levels aren't very large, your snake doesn't move very quickly (even with enthusiatic speed-boosting slithering) and the checkpoints are somewhat stingy, so journeys too and from checkpoints are quickly tiresome. Especially when travelling back from a checkpoint for the 100th time to reattempt a particularly difficult coin.To add to this, you cannot save progress within a level! Exiting a level midway will not only result in all your collectibles progress being lost, but the unskippable cutscenes will all return. It's maddening. One of the key strengths of a game like this is how it enables come-and-go gameplay but the save system completely nullifies that.Don't get me wrong, the movement of the snake in the 'meat' of the game - basic movement through the space and defeating the basic obstacles - is very smooth and it's a novel idea, well executed. But things fall apart once you move onto anything that poses real challenge and risk, and those difficult puzzles make up half the game and certainly the most engaging portions of it.It's cute and colourful and a really novel idea that is very successful on the surface, but the game falls apart the moment any pressure is placed on those systems. It makes me sad but I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,544330,35311919,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr J. Badger,"If you don't have a controller don't buy this game the controls with keyboard and mouse are beyond ♥♥♥♥ing annoying, the bloody snake goes everywhere you don't want him to go, and the camera constantly moves ♥♥♥♥ing your view of whats happening once more causing you to fail, all and all ♥♥♥♥ing annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥with a keyboard and mouse, but if you have a controller go for it It's very fun."
76561198014602602,Recommended,544330,30795923,Posted: 28 March,all,Swashbuckling TubeCat ☁,"This is, perhapsss, the most wholesome game to ever exissst"
,Recommended,544330,30864785,Posted: 31 March,all,devtesla,"🐍🐍the snake game🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍is very good, everyone🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍 🐍 🐍"
76561197998358006,Not Recommended,544330,32797189,Posted: 25 June,all,Thell Vallock,"I'm not having a great time with Snake Pass so I'm just going to complain about stuff that bugs me.Platforming on bamboo goes one of two ways, you can either tediously wrap Noodle around each shoot, or you can gamble it and try to balance a cylindrical character on top of another cylinder to try and finish in a reasonable amount of time. The game is fond of having you twirl Noodle around a pole to gain height. It gets old fast. The mere act of flipping a switch is annoying. No cutscene can be skipped, and with a game this light on story that's inexcusable. The brightness setting the game recommended caused switches in the fire levels to blend into the background. Speaking of the levels, every one looks the same. Just minor differences in lighting and sometimes there's flowers in the grass or hot ashes on the ground. Because of Noodle's down-to-earth stature, the camera doesn't like to point up. Particularly frustrating if you're trying to see the beacons in the sky that denote keystone positions.Also, with a weird control setup like what this game uses, setting the entire game over a bottomless pit was just cruel.I really wanted to like this game. I love Noodle's design and for how cookie-cutter the environments are they're nicely polished, but the game is just no fun to actually play. Getting the bonus coins (I don't care what they're actually called) was a miserable chore, and by the halfway point so was grabbing keystones.Seriously, I Am Bread♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off less, and it's SUPPOSED to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off."
,Recommended,544330,30805169,Posted: 28 March,all,epix,I now identify as a trans-snake. Best game to play while transitioning.
,Recommended,544330,33191737,Posted: 3 July,all,slopingflame,we live in 2017 but this game is in 3017 . i rate this game 3017/2017 recommended.
,Not Recommended,544330,32216280,Posted: 6 June,all,bad1080,"i got it in the flash sale they did and i cant really recommend this at full price...its a collect-a-thon, nothing more and nothing lessbut two thirds of what you are collecting does nothing for you... you just collect it for the sake of collecting itif that is your thing: okay, my interest dropped off massively after finding that out and so did the fun playing itin classic titles everything you collected would unlock something, concept art, player models, skins, figuerines, music etc. etc. - here: nothing... :(also once i stopped collecting most of the stuff a big chunk of the level became completely obsoletebesides that a lot of the intended paths including the movement puzzles can be circumvented or cheesedits controls are very unique and tie into the game mechanics very well - but they gave me hand cramps and you can not remap any of the controller buttons...it is beatiful tho and i enjoyed my first 3h very much but then i realized how hollow the rest of the game isfeels unfinished/should have stayed in early access a year longer"
,Not Recommended,544330,30968746,Posted: 5 April,all,Khaesho,"Clicking ""No"" on whether I reccomend this game or not might be the most painful thing I've done in months, but I had to. I'll give it credit where its due, the game is adorable, and as you might guess from my profile picture, I love snakes, so I went into this fully ready to love this game, I just ended up... disappointed.Your companion bird, (Doodle? Name's irrelevant.) -constantly- gets in the way by force-stopping you in your tracks so he can tell you to do something you already knew to do. He also constantly reminds you of basic controls that you probably learned in the first two levels, but he feels the need to remind you how to grip every thirty seconds.Speaking of ""Grip,"" that is my single biggest complaint about the game, and the main reason I don't reccomend this. I don't know what ""grip"" does, but it sure as hell doesn't cause noodle to flex his muscles, which is normally implied when you grip something. I can't count how many times I held down the grip button and watched Noodle's lower hald slowly come undwound from the post it was coiled around because he couldn't be bothered to flex his muscles to hold on. If you told me this snake was paralyzed in the bottom half of his spine, I'd believe it, because the back half of his body only ever felt like dead weight.Slithering on flat ground, around, through, and over obstacles is charming and fun, but any time you need to hoist your body into the air to climb something (an often necessary task in a puzzle platformer,) the apparant lack of control over his bottom half becomes infuriatingly apparant.Speaking of climbing, simply slithering in a tight spiral is nigh-impossible. Your forwards speed is relative to how curved your body is. A straight snake doesn't move, but a sinusoidal snake moves very fast. While this works fantastically on flat ground, that simple relationship doesn't translate into the Z axis very well. Noodle has trouble lifting his head more than a foot or two off the ground, even when his body is higher than he is. I literally found myself in the position where his head was hanging down, body wrapped around a pole, and he couldn't lift his head up enough to reel himself back onto the pole. Rediculous. Worse still is that it is very difficult to slither slowly if you're coiling in a tight spiral. Remember, more curves means more speed, so spiraling tightly around a pole means that just tapping the right trigger sends noodle shooting out in a straight line. This wouldn't be the worst problem if not for the fact that moving his head only moves the top two feet of his body. Anything lower than that can only be moved by slithering forwards, which makes wrapping around a pole an incredibly difficult and painstaking task.I wanted to love this game, I really did. Its beautiful, its charming, it has a unique premise, literally all of the aesthetics\ and visual styles and choices are perfect, but the game fails hard enough on the execution of movement that I quit halfway through the third level after 100%ing the first two. Skill games need tight controls, and Snake Pass delivers well on literally everything else except for that one crucial facet.All that said though, this is a recent release. If the devs patch the movement to be less janky, I'll absolutely be revisiting this review, but as it stands on April 5th, this game just wasn't worth it for me."
,Recommended,544330,33178964,Posted: 3 July,all,Wombat,ROIGHTO SO THERES 2 THINGS I LOVE.1. BEING MASSIVE2. BEING ALPHA AS FUAAAAARKIN THIS GAME YOU ARE BOTH OF THOSE THINGSYOU PLAY A MENTALLY CHALLENGED SNAKE WHO CAN BARELY WALK HES THAT MASSIVEAND YOU HAVE TO COLLECT COINZ BRAH BUT SNAKES HAVE NO REASON FOR COINZ BC THEY ARE TOO ALPHASO YOU JUST DO MASSIVE WHEELIES EVERYWHERE AND BE ALPHA AS FUAAAAAAAAARK10/10 WOULD DO 56 SCOOPS OF PREWORKOUT AGAINALSO NOT APE ESCAPE 2 BUT STILL WORTH IT BECAUSE YOU GET TO BE ALPHA AS FUARK
,Not Recommended,544330,32315472,Posted: 10 June,all,gigaherz,"The game is not really bad per se. It's not great through, either. IT does some things well (controls are interesting, level design is okay), but it does some things wrong (unskippable cutscenes which spoil you the fun of finding the right path to reach places). Overall, I just lost interest less than an hour of launching the game, and I can't recommend it to people like me. For young kids, maybe, but not semi-casual players who want a fun platformer."
76561198066037745,Recommended,544330,33149685,Posted: 2 July,all,Joey's World Tour,Don't step on snek.
,Not Recommended,544330,32163172,Posted: 3 June,all,DragonFax,"I was really looking forward to this, but its very poorly optimized, and taxes even High End machines. You can just forget running this on a medium range, or low end machine. Worse. it has no business being so GPU intensive. Its a visually very simple game."
76561198040948884,Not Recommended,544330,35281119,Posted: 28 September,all,Thomas,"Kinda boring, more kiddish than puzzling"
,Recommended,544330,32978952,Posted: 29 June,all,azylu -*90*-,Very good game to relax on after you rage your brains out because youR ♥♥♥♥ING CHARGER WONT WORK FOR YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING PHONEWANDyhaVBDYUAWBDu
,Not Recommended,544330,32828719,Posted: 26 June,all,Itz Ya Boi RR Mattthew,Controls are too hard to understand for me
,Not Recommended,544330,32832532,Posted: 26 June,all,RaZman,"Going to keep this simple: Bought it, played 14 minutes, couldn't get over the terrible controls, refunded. Can't recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,544330,31071442,Posted: 10 April,all,drmsi9292,"The good:-Music-Amusing conceptThe bad:-Abysmal camera-Length, relative to the number of concepts brought to the table-Lack of polish-Bland, repetitive levelsOverall: This game is plagued by a horrible camera and extremely repetitive gameplay. It was cool being a snake for about an hour, then the next five were a complete slog as the formula never really advanced too far beyond that. The only difficulty was driven by poor camera angles in instances where things you needed to climb were rotating and moving at the same time.I can't really recommend this game. It's just boring and repetitive all the way through."
,Not Recommended,544330,34892966,Posted: 11 September,all,FernieCanto,"When 90% of your game is based on the strength of its controls, it's a shame when said controls are terrible.I love the fact that I get to control a snake, and I love the fact that the stages are mostly simple skill-based obstacle courses, littered with collectibles that mean absolutely nothing other than ""look at me I'm such a tryhard"". The levels and obstacles are decently designed, and the graphics and music are sufficiently okay for a game of this kind.And then, there are the controls. If you're wondering how on Earth you're supposed to control a snake in a 3D environment with keyboard and mouse, the developers almost got the right idea. You hold the left mouse button to slither forward and use WASD to control the direction. On paper, it seems good enough, but within thirty minutes of playing this, I was convinced that this game NEEDED tank controls. Within one hour, I was dying to quit the game and go play the original Alone in the Dark. Press left to turn left, press right to turn right. What could be more simple? But no, tank controls apparently are the Unholy Spawn of Satan and it should be avoided like the plague (especially where it would make the most sense)(. But I admit, having WASD controls wouldn't necessarily be a bad idea if the camera were good, and he camera is, by far, the worst aspect of this entire game. It gets blocked in places where it physically shouldn't (if there's a pillar between you and the camera, you can't spin the camera on the outside of the pillar to get a good view of the level; instead, the camera will suddenly zoom in and you can't see anything), your sight gets blocked by scenery, the camera moves on its own even though you control it with the mouse, it spazzes out when you're in tight places and forces you to make involuntary U-turns and go back to where you were coming from, and so on. Seriously, the camera is a mess, and the fact that your movement is entirely dependent on the camera angle makes the whole control scheme come crashing down. I'd press the directional button to move the snake in one direction, only to see it spinning like an idiot in the opposite direction and fall of the pole I'm trying to hold on to. And if your answer is ""duh, just adjust the camera!"", you obviously don't know the camera in this game.Oh, and did I mention this game seriously lag? I'm sorry, but I can't admit sub-20FPS precarious in a game that can't possibly be more detailed and complex than Skyrim or Arkham City. The optimisation is terrible, and that makes the camera control even worse.I suppose I could spend some more hours mastering the finely and precisely SCREWED UP camera control, but honestly, what's the point? It'd be more fun, not to mention easier, to physically transform myself into a snake and beat these levels in the real world, spikes and endless abysses and all. And if I want to struggle against a dysfunctional, uncooperative camera, I can always go back to Super Mario 64. At least the collectibles had a point in that game.I can't recommend this at all. With controls as broken as these, any notion of fun completely vanishes. If that is your cup of tea, though, try something safer and less frustrating, such as driving a car without a steering wheel."
76561198065150944,Recommended,544330,33174368,Posted: 3 July,all,AlsoDead,8
76561198381099841,Not Recommended,544330,33528317,Posted: 13 July,all,Little Blue Alien,I saw this game and looked really cool but it lags so much for me I can't even play it:(
76561198339591446,Not Recommended,544330,31919494,Posted: 23 May,all,High Queen,"Got a refund. It gets real boring, real fast."
,Recommended,544330,33159588,Posted: 2 July,all,Shekelberg,fun
,Not Recommended,544330,31236339,Posted: 19 April,all,Raccoon,Makes me tired
,Not Recommended,544330,30912438,Posted: 2 April,all,MrHrulgin,"Terrible, terrible controls."
76561198017118410,Recommended,544330,30936805,Posted: 3 April,all,WitchDagger,"I like this game, to put it pretty simply. It's a simple level-by-level snake-based platformer with plenty to explore, and plenty for completionists to tear their hair out to. I only have some small complaints. 1. Make the cutscenes skippable. 2. Make it useful to grab everything, other than that 'satisfied feeling' of finding everything. Like, small things, like concept art, or different skins for Noodle. Still, good job, guys, and hope you make more."
76561198025177215,Recommended,544330,30937519,Posted: 4 April,all,Lauren,"Best platformer in years; must play if you enjoyed the 3D platform games of the N64  and PS1 eras.The movement feels very weird at first but once you give yourself a while to get used to it, it becomes very fun and engaging."
,Recommended,544330,30953290,Posted: 4 April,all,Pacta Sunt Servanda,DenoudadennnnECH
,Recommended,544330,30966409,Posted: 5 April,all,Microsoft Word,This Snake gets a Pass ( Pun intended) for being a very intuitive and original Puzzle Platformer. Level Design feels a little left behind. All in all a fun and interesting experience but because there is no story and the game is rather short I recommend waiting for a sale.
,Recommended,544330,30876430,Posted: 1 April,all,JuridicalDrake,"Snake physics? Good old 3D platforming in a good looking graphics on a new title? Well u won't be dissapointed this game offers those and more. I got a lot of fun with this game. Controls are good on both with keyboard and mouse or with the controller, i personally prefer using controller tho.I bought this game at day one, because i was expecting to get my hands into this for some time.Only thing that comes into mind that it's not very long, but not bad at the price it has. I think i will get ~15-20 hrs into this before i get it completed, but it's sure as hell will give you a great time for your money.Honestly i got a little nostalgic with this one... oh boy those were the times :)"
,Recommended,544330,30891479,Posted: 1 April,all,Robert E. O'Speedwagon,"I actually really like this game.  In an age of endless reboots and sequels, Snake Pass is something new and interesting.The Good:The graphics are stunning.  There were a few areas where I was tempted to stop what I was doing, take a screenshot, and make it my wallpaper.  Attention to detail is pretty heavy.The concept is also good.  Whoever decided to mix that old snake game on Nokia phones from the 90s with Banjo Kazooie was a genius.  They ought to give whoever it was a raise and a paid vacation to Las Vegas.Optimization was also done fairly well.  The game runs at a stable FPS, even on my dated rig, and that's while I'm also running a second monitor and OBS in the background.The Bad:The controls.  They're not at all intuitive, and it'll take you a while just to figure out how they work, and even longer to get good at using them.Physics: It's hard to put into words, but it feels like the physics are sometimes too realistic and other times not.  One problem was that in some cases, the snake only moves from the front, as if he was a train being pulled by a locomotive.  However in other locations, the whole snake pushed itself forward.  This caused me to wind my way right off a cliff more times than I can count.Pick-up items: This one is also difficult to explain.  There are some points at which you have a lot of trouble telling how far away from an item, or even a ledge you actually are.  A lot of the items feel like they don't exist in space, just sort of as an object on the screen.Conclusion:  I really like this game, and I want to like it more.  It's charming, challenging, and at some moments will have you sitting in front of your monitor laughing like an idiot.  I do recommend this, if not at full price, then deffinitely during a sale.  I also do hope that we get a sequel, for the sole reason that I want to see the developers take the the game's shortcomings and iron them out.All total, I give it a 7 out of 10.  No step on snek."
76561197999986026,Recommended,544330,30868400,Posted: 31 March,all,jonathancaltman,"Challengingly fresh mechanics driving an absurdly charming cartoon about a snake navigating lots of bamboo.A small section of bamboo, which I'd already seen navigated in a developer video, still wound up being one of the most exhilirating platforming experiences I've had.  And each time I died, I knew I was at fault.  Particularly because an occassionally janky camera rarely affects me when I find the snakey groove.....and when I'm out of that groove, my problem isn't my failure to remember to use the handy camera reset buttons, it's a failure to think like a snake through the controls available.If I had a time machine, I'd use it to give this game to myself right after finishing Banjo-Kazooie.  Because right now, it has drained any interest I had in Yooka-Laylee's cosmetic update to the formula.(P.S. I'm rooting for the developers....for the purely selfish reasons of getting more/better. <3 )"
76561197987482935,Recommended,544330,30876834,Posted: 1 April,all,Pilot Jones,Feels fresh and nostalgic at the same time! Awesome work from the developers!
,Recommended,544330,30885134,Posted: 1 April,all,C-Rex,"Snake Pass is a really interesting game. Not only is it unique in the way you play as a snake but the game also requires you to observe your obstacles rather than just jump in straight away. At first I found the puzzles were pretty easy but as soon as I reached the end of the first world, they became much more challenging. Be prepared for a lot of backtracking! However this isn't a bad thing, as it allows the player to try different tactics and get used to how the snake physics work.The graphics in the game are very nice and reminicent of Rare's art style in their games. There is also no obstuctive UI which I think makes the game much more immersive. You can tell a lot of effort put into making the game's textures, and I also love the hilarious facial expressions Noodle pulls as you're about to fall!Sound-wise the game is great - the music is wonderful and David Wise was a good choice for a game composer. None of the sounds in-game are annoying, too loud or repetitive, which is obviously a bonus.The only downside to the game is the lack of checkpoints - in some areas where you are at risk of falling or being killed by spikes the checkpoints are often quite far away, which means if you die you'll often have to do it all over again. Another thing is the fact the game doesn't allow you to restart from your checkpoints, meaning that if Noodle gets stuck (I haven't personally experienced this yet) you'll be forced to start from the beginning. However, these are only small points and if fixed they would make things a lot easier.Overall, if you're looking for something new, or a fan of old-school platformers, give Snake Pass a try."
76561198044298623,Recommended,544330,30977047,Posted: 6 April,all,Ysen,"Fun platformer with interesting controls. Looks like something Rare might have made back in the day, but instead of running and jumping you have to slither about and coil the snake around objects so you don't fall."
76561198066137366,Recommended,544330,30992432,Posted: 7 April,all,$@ge,"Unique, challenging and innovative plaformer , at a great price , must pick up for puzzle plaformer lovers"
,Recommended,544330,31054582,Posted: 9 April,all,LadyFoxling,"After five hours of gameplay going through the first five levels, I can safely say that Snake Pass is an enjoyable little indie game. Positives: Noodle is a hilarious name, Doodle adds to the fun, and the art has a nostalgic feel to it like something from the Nintendo 64 era. Sometimes when the camera zooms in you see details like individual scales on Noodle's body, which adds to the beauty of the game as you venture around being a snake. I like the puzzle aspect of figuring out how to work Noodle's mechanics to wrap around and slither up to new platforms or swim into new territories. Thus far, just with a sort of beginning taste, Snake Pass is a fun pastime. Negatives: The camera angle everyone talks about? Yeah, they're not joking. Sometimes I ended up falling off bamboo shoots because I couldn't entirely see where I was going and adjusting the camera proved to be a severe difficulty. Additionally, the controls seem to either stop working or don't go where you want them to go. While wrapping around tricky bamboo shoots above sky, where you fall to your death the second you drop off, Noodle seemed to lose his grip even when I was practically white-knuckleing the steam controller I use to play this game. Other times I would be moving Noodle to continue wrapping around the poles when he began going in the opposite direction as I attempted to keep moving upward, causing the snake to unwrap around sections of the pole I had already made progress on. Worse, when trying to correct the error, Noodle moved too slowly in response, giving precious seconds of time for his body to lose its grip, which would make me fall right back off. This proved to be less of a challenge and more of a frustration as I played the game. When put on the lowest setting for video quality, half of noodles body refused to move from the starting location, which is a strange and game breaking glitch as I tried to move and the upper half of his body went around as usual while his back half and his tail refused to go anywhere. Even trying to uncoil it proved fruitless. Higher settings gave me some frame rate issues, thus I kept downgrading quality to see which worked best on my computer without making the game unplayable. For now, I have it set on medium. While I still recommend Snake Pass as a fun and interesting game unlike others I've played before, I would say NOT to get this game unless you really love snakes or really enjoy the concept of this puzzle platformer. If you are not very into snakes or very into this sort of genre of game, you will grow frustrated with the controllers pretty fast I would guess, and likely end up not wanting to play it again. If you do love snakes and puzzle platformers, I would recommend getting this game. Despite the problems I've encountered, I am overall satisfied with my experience. I might recommend waiting for a price drop before purchasing the game for yourself (I think I might have preffered spending 10 dollars instead of 20 on it, myself), considering this was made by an independent development team, I think that it was very good and worth supporting the people who worked on it by buying it at full price. It is very nice that it is available for 20 dollars and not 40 to 80 like other games coming out today, and though it has its drawbacks, it really is worth having in my opinion and in my collection. I will definitely continue playing this game, but felt I had enough of a taste of it to leave a review even if I have not yet beaten it. It's nice.7/10 would snake again."
76561198195789549,Recommended,544330,31052916,Posted: 9 April,all,aca_424,A fun game with a difficult learning curve but get past that and you have a fun original platformer with plenty to collect
76561198019424810,Recommended,544330,31008220,Posted: 7 April,all,Doubleclick,"I'm only two hours in, but I'm writing a recommendation anyway. This is ingenious. No matter how experienced you think you are with games, this is going to test you.It looks like a typical platformer with a lot of objects to collect, but unlike other platformers these aren't simply tokens, coins and gems. Think of them as goals, and there's a physics puzzle in the way for you to solve: how will I reach that? There are only three objects that you must collect in each level to move on, so there's a lot of replay value in going back later and figuring out how to get the stuff you missed.The best part is the control system for the snake. Maybe you've seen videos and assumed that the movement must be scripted, but it isn't. You have to thread the snake's body around the scaffolding of poles, tighten its coils around branches, and guide the creature's head to wind onto the next stick. Every movement is deliberate. It's at once relaxing and tense, and the translation of analogue stick controls and trigger pulls to the snake's movement is surprisingly natural.It's a complex and challenging gameplay system, and it's constantly joyful. I don't think we get enough true brilliance and beauty in games, so this is to be celebrated."
76561198089119093,Recommended,544330,31063332,Posted: 10 April,all,Throw 4 Casper,"This game is amazing, the art style looks nice, the character models are well made, map designs are good, etc.  (cutscenes aren't too good since you cant skip em)"
,Recommended,544330,31067818,Posted: 10 April,all,Zenta,"You've heard of the Danger Noodle meme, but I guarantee you that this particular Noodle is not dangerous at all.This is a Happy Noodle.Happy Noodle gives Happy Heart.10/10 Don't send nudes, send Noodles.Tl:DrSnake Pass is an adventure exploration game with a unique gameplay mechanic, which oddly enough feels very natural and makes you come up with clever ways of traversing the environment, I've never played a game this innovative in years and I'm glad I refunded my Yooka-Laylee pre-order to get this, I mean, who wants a typical platformer when you can be a SNAKE?!That being said, I am not saying Snake Pass is better, because it's in its own league and I feel that Yooka-Laylee is just another platformer that will be played, praised and loved for the rest of this year and maybe the next, but Snake Pass will definitely inspire MANY unique games like it and it will never be forgotten, I hope to see a sequel and many fan-inspired games."
76561198006562115,Recommended,544330,32160909,Posted: 3 June,all,Ezkil,"Very cool puzzler, very unique and fun!"
76561198008414102,Recommended,544330,32172733,Posted: 4 June,all,DamZe,"What a greatg and unique 3d-platformer. It's colorful, fun and relaxing! A little gem of a game."
,Recommended,544330,32190813,Posted: 4 June,all,FortAngel,"Adorable game with great relaxing gameplay, original concept, and that retro 3D-platforming feel. I recommend playing with a gamepad over using the keyboard controls though."
,Recommended,544330,32244024,Posted: 7 June,all,ShiryaW,"An incredibly lovely game. It feels so refreshing in this day and age dominated by grimdark naturalistic titles all around (which I also love, don't get me wrong; it can just feel a bit stifling) to play such a vibrant, innocent game so reminiscent of old-school platformers. The music, too, is super catchy (not gonna lie, I was singing along to the tunes at least half the time). I don't really understand people who say it's difficult; sure, the controls are finicky and very different from what you're used to, but for good reason. I wasn't even playing with a gamepad (which I do believe would have made the experience a lot smoother but alas I don't own one) yet I quickly got used to them and within a few levels was ssslithering around like a true ssssneaky snek. Finished the game in 10 hours with all the collectibles found (no cheatsies!) so I can attest to the fact it's more relaxing than a nerve-wracking challenge, especially what with the re-passable checkpoints.As regards performance issues, let's just say my rig isn't what it used to be - NVidia GTX 960 + 4-core AMD Phenom II X4 running Windows 7. My gameplay experience was as smooth as Michael Fassbender's backside in Shame and that is all I have to say about that.8.5/10 camera can get annoying in tight spaces (maybe 1st person view would be better there?) and it's a shame the game is quite short other than that it's bomb.(SIDENOTE: The game also made my graphics driver crash several times. However, I can't tell whether that's because of Snake Pass or because of my card getting old/dusty, so I won't hold it against the devs. It was never a big issue, anyway.)"
76561198208806869,Recommended,544330,32150215,Posted: 3 June,all,SquareNegative,"Great concept that is well implemented, but the cameraman hates you."
,Recommended,544330,32303109,Posted: 9 June,all,McFrugal,"PROS:Be a snake!  It's fun to slither around and climb on things, exploring and collecting hidden items.  The game is pretty and the music is nice.  Obstacles are generally straightforward-- the most difficult ones are much easier if you take a specific approach, but most can be solved by intuitive slithering.CONS:The physics and controls can be a bit frustrating, especially with the fatigue of having to press the slither button 90% of the time.  Highly recommended you switch to the ""easy"" control settings, and only switch back to default when you need the extra finesse of having a dedicated slither button.  Even then you may need an adjustment period to get used to the physics.  The camera is pretty bad, too.  All cutscenes are unskippable, hopefully the developers will change this.Cautious recommendation.  I hope you like snakes."
76561198210124347,Recommended,544330,32152239,Posted: 3 June,all,SwagMaster,"Snake Pass is a game where you control a snake and you have to go thru some opstacles. The graphics are amazing, The controls are pretty good (I dont know what everyone is that the controls are bad because the controls are actually really good.) It feels really realistic and it feels really good! It does get repetitive after 3 hours but in my opinion the experience made it worth the money!Overall 8/10 The best snake game out there!"
76561198276900296,Recommended,544330,32321059,Posted: 10 June,all,PikabrawlerGamez,"A bit boring at times and the controls are just average, but it's a really relaxing and fun game. It's a shame Yooka Laylee overshadowed it. Also they had beanbag chairs at the Pax East 2017 both. So +3 points.78/100"
,Recommended,544330,32516829,Posted: 17 June,all,tfcportista,"Pros:+ Unique controls. This is a very new experience to the gaming world. Some people may find it difficult at first, but over time you really start to get the hang of it. Did a wonderful job really making you feel like a snake.+ Level design. This game can be challanging, in a good way. The levels are also designed encourage exploration and to get all possble collectables ( this is a collect a thon game ) But if you don't want to get all collectables, than you don't have too. Its your choice!+ Time attack. Great for people who love an extra challenge and leaderboards.+ Likeable characters. ( well, this is based on my opinion )Cons:- This biggest challange for me in this game was not controls, but the camera. It can get very wonky at tight spaces, enough to actually make me feel slightly nauseous, and I never felt that way before playing a game.- Repititve music. Just a note, the music is not bad, it works well with the game. Only issue is that there is shortage of it. In this game there is 4 worlds. Each world, with the expection of 1, has 4 levels. And in those 4 levels, you're gonna hear the same song over and over and over. Would've been better if they expanded their library.- Unskippable cutscenes. There isn't a lot of cutscenes, most of them are in the very start of the game, but if you do wish to go back to collect something you miss, be prepared to watch the cutscenes again."
76561198055762608,Recommended,544330,32584745,Posted: 19 June,all,Ortzz,"For the price point, I think Sumo totally knocked this game out of the park.What you get is 15 smallish to decent sized collectathon levels with gorgeous design and lots of strange platforming to figure out. Personally, I loved it! I prefered discovering the strange controls of this game to jumping around in most other platformers. I feel like Snake Pass takes a genre that kind of falls into tropes, embraces those tropes (graphic style, collectables, nifty companion) but then takes the one trope that defines the genre (aka controls) and totally flips that on it's head.So how do the controls feel? They feel great! After a few minutes of practice, they allow you to wrap around poles and slither through grass like I imagine a snake would be able to. They are strange, but towards the end of the game they felt totally natural to me. It's a good thing they are good as well because it's kind of the main draw here.I liked this game and if you want a 3D platformer, I think you will like it to and appreciate the way it twists the genre."
,Recommended,544330,32680298,Posted: 23 June,all,Grady Vuckovic,"A light hearted game with great gameplay and cute styleAs a player always entertained by physics puzzle games, I thoroughly enjoyed my brief play of this game and expect to play it again soon, I barely noticed my first 2 hours go by until I looked at a clock. The learning curve and difficult of the levels and completing them 100% so far has been spot on, not so difficult that the game is frustrating, while not so easy that it doesn't feel challenging. Levels are well laid out.Graphics★★★★★A beautiful cartoony art style pulled off perfectly! Lots of bright playful colours and Noodle looks adorable.Music★★★☆☆Not bad, it achieves it's goal of filling what would be otherwise a silent void, but you probably won't be dancing in your seat.Story★★★☆☆It takes a back seat to the actual gameplay, but that's not necessarily a complaint with a game like this.Controls★★★★★As you'd expect from a game like this, the controls are responsive and feel very natural. No complaints!Gameplay★★★★☆So far, your standard formulaic puzzle gameplay. But the unique challenges of navigating the levels is a fresh twist.Overall★★★★☆If you're entertained by physics puzzle games and are looking for something light hearted to fill the void between the big franchises, Snake Pass is worthy of your consideration."
,Recommended,544330,31209729,Posted: 17 April,all,BurnoutGT45,"If you're looking for an old-school (but also new at the same time) collectathon with bright environments and peaceful music, Snake Pass is definitely one of the best modern options I've played so far. This game is up there with Ubisoft'sGrow Home& its sequelGrow Upin terms of being fun adventure games with no combat and unique yet satisfying movement mechanics. In Ubisoft's Grow games, climbing was done by alternating hand grips. In Snake Pass, climbing is done by literally slithering around bamboo and using that grip to pull the snake upwards. All three games are definitely worth playing, but enough comparisons.Snake Pass stars a snake named Noodle who, with the help of his hummingbird friend Doodle, must restore the gates linking the different realms of Haven Tor together. Haven Tor consists of 15 levels spread across 4 realms, each with a different visual theme (and slightly more challenging obstacles than the last) and song. Yes, this means there are only a handful of original music compositions through the entire game, but the ones that are here fit perfectly and never seem repetitive.The physics are really solid here, with Noodle mostly reacting the way you would want him to, and Doodle's ability to lift Noodle's tail is pretty well thought out. Use it right and Noodle can scale obstacles easier, but bad timing may send Noodle to his doom. Either way, most of the time spent in Snake Pass is spent climbing up and around bamboo to navigate each level.Every level has 3 keystones (the main objective) and side collectibles consisting of 5 coins, 20 wisps, and some of those idols I mentioned earlier. Each level took me around 30 minutes as an average, with some of the later levels taking slightly longer, and there are some achievements that encourage replayability, such as playing every level without dying or finding hidden idols that are otherwise unmentioned.Don't fret if you miss anything; completing every level unlocks Snake Vision, which lets you get any collectibles you missed.My only real criticism of Snake Pass is that sometimes, the camera can get stuck on the scenery, which can make some of the coins a real nuisance to collect. Also, if you die you reset at the last checkpoint and any collectibles you acquired since have to be grabbed again. The latter, in and of itself, isn't a problem really (I kinda like that design decision to be quite honest) but the camera makes this a minor issue. Here's a pro tip to reduce frustration: When you grab something tricky, find the closest checkpoint you can and tag it. Better safe than sorry.Recommendation:If you played Yooka-Laylee (which I haven't yet as of writing this review) and found it disappointing, or if you're looking for a modern twist on the old-school collectathons of the N64/PlayStation era, give Snake Pass a shot. As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the best collectathons on Steam."
,Recommended,544330,35464041,Posted: 3 October,all,Perm,Charming and surprisingly difficult.And you can change the snake's facial expression.
