user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197965447908,Not Recommended,544610,34648299,Posted: 31 August,all,rlg007,"Kinda rough around the edges now, needs some balancing. Here are a few points after a little play. AI strategy can be summed up in three words - ""hack and run"" see #6 below. As other have said, price is too high wait for a sale. Wait for the first few patches now, this is one of those games that needs a few patches. Also this game could use a sandbox campaign because there isnt a lot of replayablility. I see DLC in our futures...1. As the campaign progresses, you have no idea how well you are doing and you have have no idea what the goal is (hint: maybe there isnt a goal).2. Difficulty scales poorly. One mission you fight three ships then the next mission you fight six with another wave of two that come in because the AI decided you were doing too well (at least someone knows how well I am doing, see #1 above).3. Some missions seem un-winable. The rescue a freighter comes to mind. Even with the fastest ships I have in turbo mode it is not possible to interecpt the enemy before they destroy the ship. Balance needed.4. 7 ships per fleet max is just bad design (this is 2017 after all, try harder). It becomes painfully obvious when you will get to a point where your old ships are useless. Since you can not concentrate your bad ships, they are doomed to die and the player is forced to grind to that end.5. There does not seem to be an estimation of the size/power of enemy fleets until you are there beside them. Considering there are many humans live on these worlds with ships flying around, you would think someone would give the defense forces a heads up. Edit: I found out how to see the enemy strength. Is it on the campaign map maybe displayed with the enemy fleet icon? NO. Is it visable when you click on the enemy fleet? NO. It only seems visable when you open the enemy fleet sub-menu.6. Hacking is basically an omni-direction, long range, weapon used to prop-up the AI and give it a chance. If the AI was limited to firing arcs and special weapon types, it would be too easy. Now the AI knows to hack your ships and run. Even their mid sized ships run and scatter when there is a lot of hacking going on (hint: this is the main enemy strategy for the ENTIRE game, as far as I have played. Hack and run, the end).7. The battle maps are pretty plain despite there being a mechanic for debris. Some of the maps have one of two asteroids, but most objects are on the edges of the map and therefore worthless (decoration). The game might actually have a tactical element if there were real decisions to make.8. There is no way to skip the cut scenes or some of the talking scenes. It is maddening to wait for them to stop talking after you have read the message while they talk. This is also bad when you start a new campaign and have to replay the tutorial with sooo much talking...9. Because of the lack of variety between fleet intercept missions, it looks like the designers paniced and used the only tool left in their tool box - varied start locations. But since the battlemaps are just big open fields and the fleets are ALWAYS at least 3 turns distant, the start locations seem boring. Saddest of all is that the start locations are not random, per se, the enemy fleet always starts on one of your flanks and at a significant height difference.  Since the fleets are always so far apart, the fleet setup before the battle is kinda worthless (there is no reason to waste your time setting up). In short there are 4 general enemy fleet spawn points - left flank, high and low, and right flank, high and low.List of lost opportunities -1. The game is all about using a small number of big ships, but individual ships are so unimportant and disposable. If you are going to play with the limited number of ships (as if they are important), give each ship - upgrades, individual officers, and ship exp.more to come....List of bugs?1. I forget the name of the mission (about the 6th mission in the story line), it starts by giving you a chance to get setup before the enemy fleet jump in (there is a marker)(in the mission they intent to attack some meeting). In this mission as you fly towards the marker where the enemy will jump in, the mission will end saying something like ""All marks destroyed and the Cylon transmitter is down"", but I never fired a shot or even saw an enemy. I think what triggers it is that I send my fighters ahead and they trigger the end?"
76561197973315693,Not Recommended,544610,34716599,Posted: 3 September,all,duck_bird,"I'm a huge spaceship and naval combat nerd.This game has a TON of potential, but it's not there yet.  Not for $40 at least.  For $20 or $30 I'd say yeah, grab it.  But not at its current price with its current dearth of features.If the devs care for this game and improve upon it, I will absolutely revise my review.  Until then, I can't recommend this game.  Wait for a few patches or a price drop.The game looks lovely and does feel like BSG, but there's just not enough to do yet.  The campaign quickly becomes wildly repetitive (I've fought the same 2000 point Cylon fleet over 40 times and I'm only halfway through), and it quickly becomes monotonous as the AI isn't that bright.  (And the rather common bugs make this even more frustrating)At the end of the day there's just not enough depth to the game.  It's great fun at first but after a few hours every battle starts to feel the exact same as there's no variation and not nearly enough decisions to make.Again, this game has a TON of potential, and I really hope the devs continue to work on it.  With some work and pollish it could be incredibly fun.  But right now the ""ooooo shiny"" feeling fades pretty quickly as you run out of things to do.  If this game is improved upon I will happily revise my review.  I want to love it but I'm already getting bored with it!Ultimately my negative review comes down to one thing:  Disappointment.  This game has so much potential and you can see it the instant you load up your first battle.  But it just leaves you wanting so much more than it actually delivers."
,Recommended,544610,34681521,Posted: 2 September,all,Trumanator,"I can confidently say this is the authentic BSG game i've always wanted.GameplayThe gameplay is the main selling point for me here. It uses a WEGO system where both sides input commands at the same time and execute them simutaneously. The combat is incredibly satisfying (especially when the nukes start flying) and the ships are very well detailed. It is also very easy to learn with a fairly smooth learning curve. The game also has a really cool autocam feature that replays the battle in real time after the mission with music and camera actions like the show.CampaignThe campaign has 14 main story, scripted missions that takes the player through the early years of the first cylon war. To be honest the story is very straight forward and voice acting is pretty mediocre. The meat of the campaign seems to be the dynamic mission table where cylons fleets and missions can randomly appear around any of the 12 colonies. It's a fun challenge trying to juggle fleets around the table, attacking cylon targets while defending the colonies.Multiplayer/SkirmishSkirmish and multiplayer modes allows you to 1v1 AI or another player as either colonials or the cylons, and also coop 2 vs AI. I haven't played a huge amount of these modes but they seem very intense from what I played.This game has great potential I just hope the devs continue supporting itWill update in the future"
76561198032498463,Recommended,544610,34748579,Posted: 4 September,all,Verdant_green,"I've only just started progressing through the campaign of this game, but I want to put my opinion down for people who are considering picking it up while it's new.Compared to games like Star Fleet Battles, this one is on the lighter end of the complexity scale. For my own part, I find it to be just about perfect: there are some nice wrinkles in the unit and weapon loadouts that you can mix with several tactical and manuver options to approach battles how you see fit. That being said, there isn't so much that you feel overwhelmed.I can't really say how this game would come across to someone who wasn't a fan of the shows, but as a BSG lover, this game is just great. The ships are mostly original to the game (since it takes place before the shows), but they follow the design styles of the Colonial and Cylon fleets perfectly. The weapons are cannons, missiles, and fightercraft and all of them look great. The muzzle flashes reflecting on your ship's hull are nice looking and the puffs of smoke being left behind as your ship moves are a cool touch.The game is played in simultaneous double-blind turns where you and your opponent both issue orders to all ships, stations, and fighter squadrons. When everyone is ready, the orders are played out simultaneously in a short real-time action scene. After the battle, you can watch a replay of the whole match with just the action scenes. These replays are a real treat for fans of Ronald D. Moore's BSG reboot, as the developers seem to have tried to emulate the camera movements and framing of the show's space battles. If you are a fan of the show, you'll recognize some of the shots - the close (almost hull-mounted) camera following fighters or the scene of battle that suddeny pans and zooms toward an exploding ship.There is also a strategic layer where you build ships, assign them to fleets, assign COs to the fleets, and move them around the map of the twelve colonies. If you have played the modern X-Com games, you might be familiar with one of the elements of this layer - you have to keep the governments of the 12 colonies happy or they'll leave the alliance and you'll take a hit to funding. I'm not sure yet just how screwed I will be if I mess up my strategy, but I can certainly feel the pressure of having X fires to put out and X-1 buckets of water.Story-wise, I'm only a short way into the campaign, but it is solid so far. You will see a lot of familiar names, as many of the BSG characters had parents or grandparents in the military during the first war. Two of the ones you meet right off the bat are an Admiral Lucinda Caine (mother or grandmother of the Pegasus CO I assume) and Helena Agathon (relative of Helo). Dr. Cottle also appears in a younger form.As of this writing, there is no DLC for the game, but I would love to shower this game's publisher with money. There are a fairly limited number of units (though they cover all the tactical bases nicely) and I would totally buy DLC that modified skirmish and multiplayer fleet lists by colony. You can already play the Cylons, by the way.If my overwhelmingly positive opinion of this game changes after putting more time into it, I'll certainly make note of it. However, if you don't see an addendum on this post, then assume everything I said held true and that I recomend this game to people looking for a great space tactics game with a light strategy layer, especially fans of the shows."
76561198031445141,Not Recommended,544610,34830573,Posted: 8 September,all,althanaes,"While BSG as a series features 3 'units': The Battlestar, the Viper and the Raptor, an actual strategy game needs more meat than that. There are a handful more units, such as a scout-type corvette and a missile cruiser, but there are far too few strategies and tactics made available by them to really call combat deep. There is really only one strategy: Literally stacking broadside warships, like the Adamant. Anything else is a waste of fleet space.The AI is predictable; they rush headlong at your forces, launch an initial volley, and then break and scatter, exposing their weak sides with few guns. Your corvettes can stay in their rear and tear them apart easily; your Adamants can take the first volley head-on, then turn and broadside without their flank armor being stripped by the first strike. Your vipers absolutely cream Cylon raiders, and for the most part, are just a slight annoyance of telling them to go do something rather than an integral part of a battle.Unfortunately, the relatively shallow combat suffers from some extremely crippling bugs. Ship movement doesn't account for collision detection prior to resolving the round of combat, which means that tight formations (Like is necessary with the only valid tactic, the full broadside fleet) can very easily result in ships ramming each other and exploding instantly. Worse, or perhaps not depending on your experience, is damage calculation.Your ships have 6 armor values, for different facing sides. Damage counts the side that your ship was initially on at the beginning of a battle; I've had ships lose 30-40 HP turning into an enemy and taking 90% of the fire head-on, because the game is still dealing damage to their rear flank which has no armor, since that's the side that was exposed at the start of the battle. Left and Right armor are virtually non-existant, with a ship going straight from taking Rear armor damage to Front armor damage with their flanks being completely unscathed.If this were X-COM, it would be like a character getting flanked on the enemy's turn, and then running into full cover and still dying because you BEGAN that turn exposed rather than ending it exposed - absolutely inexcusible in a squad strategy game, and absolutely inexcusible here. This not only screws up how combat actually resolves, it severely cripples what little potential maneuverable ships like the Manticore had, further relegating the game to nothing but massed Adamant broadsides, a battle you will repeat very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very often... and get tired of very quickly.Like many others, I can't recommend it in its current state. Not only does the central gameplay fall flat, it feels so unfinished and untested that it feels like a game which was pushed out the door instead of letting it fall into development hell, which does not inspire any confidence that it will progress beyond its release state. Unless you really, really love the BSG setting, wait until it's on sale for a really great price - and even then, think 3 or 4 times before you get it. Other games have done the same style of play, much better than this."
76561198001912496,Recommended,544610,34638927,Posted: 31 August,all,Herodotus,"While this is it's own game, the basic mechanics of the previous game ""Starhammer: The Vanguard Prophecy"" are there, with vertical movement now included. Players of that game wkill feel right at home....but wait, there is so, so much more. The price? About $10 too high, as is usual with Slitherine follow-up sequel-esque titles (""Vietnam '65"" and ""Afghanistan '11"" are good examples). Ship models are very reminiscent of the BSG Mod for ""Nexus - The Jupiter Incident"" which is no bad thing - they were killers, but could only be played in limited skirmish. Leaps and bounds ahead of the ""Homeworld 2 & Remastered "" Mods if you've played them, frustrated at losing missions for who knows what reason.This has it all. From ship to fleet management to the tension of wartching if your nukes hit home or a wave of Cylon nukes end the life of your Battlestar at the end of a turn/movement. That's how you play the game. You plan out your ships or your entire fleet's movements, and ghost-like images show where your ships/s will be and allows you to set firing arcs for your hevyiest hitting weapons. Or you might just be manoevering your sjip to evade or pursue. Hit play, and the movement and combat phase takes place and here's the tension. For the few seconds this phase takes place you must wonder did you do right or walk into an ambush? This is strategy, and that it's BSG is icing with candles.The music, the immersion it's all there.This sill be a top shelf game for BSG fans who have longed for a game such as this for eons. It really is that enticing for a Sci-Fi/BSG/RTS fan....like me.Recommended, but a lower price would have been appreciated. Oh, and if you haven't picked up the previous game - it's worth it, and cheaper.8/10EDIT: A special mention of the Replay Camera. You'll want to watch your replays as it's like watching a battle from the 2004 re-boot of the series. The camera zooms in and out and sways around from ship to ship, just like the battles were shown in that series. It's a real treat!**One drawback though is the difficulty. It ramps up quickly and to my mind unfairly. Some missions are more puzzles than battles, and it is here that the game falls down. Balance needs to be looked at by the Devs.**"
,Recommended,544610,35086036,Posted: 20 September,all,Erlkind,"A surprisingly enjoyable game for a small studio working with a dead franchise! The WEGO system makes this game stand out from other space strategy games and it dovetails nicely with the XCOM-styled campaign on offer.That said, this isn't a AAA game and it shows in places, with a few balance tweaks still to be made and the odd technical flaw on display. However, the devs have already released a roadmap and patches are in the works, so they're committed to further support. I've not encountered anything that severely impacted my enjoyment of the game, anyway.In summary, a must for BSG fans. As a fan of the show, I can say they've chosen a brilliant system to maintain the show's feel while also offering compelling gameplay. The one main caveat I'd suggest is that it's priced a little high, but I made the decision to support the devs in this case - they probably need it more than any AAA studio trying to sponge up my spare change.So if you're not a Galactica fan, you may want to wait for the price to come down and for a few kinks to be ironed out. But even without the fanboy hook, this game still has something unique to offer in a genre where it's rubbing shoulders with established names like Sins of a Solar Empire, Battlefleet Gothic, Stellaris, and Endless Space 2. So say we all."
76561198013258769,Not Recommended,544610,34650317,Posted: 31 August,all,GrayKnight3445,"I picked this game up on launch day for myself and a friend as a gift. We both have been looking forward to this game and for myself I saw some potential in the hour long announcement/gameplay reveal stream. At point of writing I've played almost 3 hours and gotten to mission six. I can't recommend this game to anyone.The game has a solid framework, no doubt. The combat is well structured and the different ship classes are uniquely designed and instantly recognizeable, if a bit samey in terms of capability. The only two Cylon ships that stand out are the tech corvette and the frigate-carrier. The rest just seem to be scaling tiers of bigger warship. The Colonial ships also suffer a bit of same capability with the difference being if they have vipers, missiles, or torpedoes. The CIC mechanics, including the resource management and fleet deployment, are also a bit confusion and impenetrable for someone who is starting out for the first time. It's also not helped that everything is so resource intensive. I have to pay requisition to get the plans, then pay tylium to build them, and either wait for X number of turns (which aren't really defined) to pass or pay quadrouple the price to get them now. It also doesn't help that it costs as much as a new ship to jump the Daidalous fleet. Combine this with the fact that most missions that aren't story missions pay only tiny amounts of tylium, and it feels like I've been set up to fail.The story itself feels like the writers set up some bullet points and cliffnotes, planned out the first three missions, then just gave up on the rest. There's no real rhyme or reason for anything that happens. For some reason everything the Cylons do gets pinned on the Colonial Fleet, which is so poorly understaffed and underfunded that the ""fleet"" Cain inherits after Picon is nuked is just a pair of corvettes but apparantly can afford to be building three battlestars at once. Speaking of the battlestars, the fact that we have to give our only operation one away to Picon itself is head scratching. The Colonial Fleet is supposed to be the unified military of the Colonies. So why are we giving away our biggest warships to the individual colonial militaries? It also doesn't help that once we give away that battlestar, we lose the reason why we have to keep sending our mobile fleet HQ and shipyard into battle over and over again. It was excusable when we had a battlestar that needed something bigger to jump it to combat zones but after we gave it away the dialoge implied it was going back to its safe haven.. except it didn't was in fact required by the game to advance.An indepth comprehensive tutorial explaining all of the mechanics, reducing costs by half or increasing rewars pay out, and fleshing out the story and progression path would make this game worth 40 USD. As it is I'd probably only buy it for 20 USD, if at all."
76561198022626532,Recommended,544610,34868714,Posted: 10 September,all,wangpangu,"I love BSG. Like I really love it.I never buy games at full price and I never write reviews.I bought this game at full price because I love BSG and I wanted to support what appeared to be a great, authentic BSG experience. I wrote this review to encourage others to do the same.This game is a little sparse right now but everything that is there works well. The devs promise updates, bonus material and DLC and I guess the smart move would be to wait until they come through with that but (and I don't know if I mentioned this) I love BSG and the only way to ensure that people keep making BSG games is if we buy them. So I did.Love BSG btw..."
,Not Recommended,544610,35092234,Posted: 20 September,all,Kempeth,"First, let me tell you how awesome this game is: The combat system is cool. The ships have a nice weight to it. The missile barrages are satisfying to watch. Unlocking more powerful ships and building larger fleets feels great. Keeping the colonies happy isn't too time consuming either.Then the cylons suddenly get immensly more powerful, your ships start to melt like butter against foes you previously dispatched quite easily and reinforcements start jumping in and blow up your base without a chance to intercept them.Completely broken, balance wise."
76561198007220804,Recommended,544610,34738233,Posted: 4 September,all,TheCallidus,Well this is a classical case of a decent game that could have been great.In short if u like BSG and pretty ship explosions than this game is probably good enough.The Downside is you can see the wasted potatial all over the place. The balancing is completly off. Ship prices weapon powers mission difficulty.I had one side mission that had twice the power of ships as the final battle! heavy turrets are weaker than light ones etc. Most of the specialised tools you get are just not worth it if u could get more firepower for cheaper.And finaly the storytelling and voice acting is bad. Mass Effect Andromeda made more sense than this script.This all sounds pretty bad and it is but i still had fun the tactical interface gices u a lot of options the interface if clunky works and the battles feel intense.
76561198076614249,Recommended,544610,34640915,Posted: 31 August,all,Todd Howard,"TLDR: It's a Battlestar game for Battlestar fansOkay, so, after playing the first few story missions, I think I can offer a decent first impression.If you're a Battlestar fan, you're going to get that huge rush of nostalgia from seeing Battlestars slug it out with Cylon ships, just like in the Re-Imagined series during the battle of the ressurrection ship for example. There are also cool little tie ins with the show itself, a rather nifty one involving your main command ship/space shipyard.Visually, it's nothing special, it gets the job done, but that's pretty much all there is to say about it.The gameplay is pretty solid. If you're hesitant about this because it's a turn based RTS, then trust me when I say this; this game would not be as fun as an RTS. The level of control you get with your ships, from selecting which targets to focus on, what direction, speed and altitude to deciding where to best deploy flak walls and where to send your fighters, there is just too many things there for it to be a solid RTS only game, which is fine. A really cool feature is the replay system which allows you to watch back the large battle you just had, and the shaky camera we all know and love from the Re-imagened series returns with it.If you've never seen Battlestar Galactica before, I would just wait for a sale until it goes down to around £20, as you won't be getting that nostalgia Battlestar Galactica fans will be getting.Overall, if you love space RTS with a mix of turn based gameplay and are a Battlestar Galactica fan, I would 100% reccomend this game, if not, wait for a sale.Also, did I mention you can ram the damn battlestars into cylon ships!?"
76561197965685962,Not Recommended,544610,35187627,Posted: 24 September,all,Ubermike,"I really, really wanted to like this game. I'm a huge BSG fan and I was thrilled with the idea of playing through the first Cylon war.This game has substantial balancing issues. A few hours into the game, the difficulty suddenly spikes, and your ships *will* get cut down like they're made of paper. The AI will focus-fire whatever ship has your officer on board, which is always a huge loss and takes a long time to bounce back from.Slitherine has made a great game, but they need to patch the ever loving hell out of this, and do way more play testing to balance the game correctly."
76561198042695787,Recommended,544610,34687785,Posted: 2 September,all,Maxss2,"Despite the 'Recommend' I've put up, it's not without severe reservations.If you haven't noted by my profile pic, I'm a fan of the BSG series this is based on. It does remarkably well to adapt to the source material and I feel right at home and completely absorbed by the sights and sounds of this game. The voice acting could use a little help as it seems a little flat at times, but I can overlook it. The music especially is very well done, being very original, yet faithful to the unique soundtrack the RDM remake had.However, when it comes to the actual structure of the game itself, I have to say that I'm left frustrated. The campaign seems to have been thrown together and I'd almost want to make the suggestion they take a page from the way I remember TW:Rome 2 had a 'Prologue' campaign that was very story driven (which could also teach you a few elements of gameplay along the way) and another that was more freeform... just dropping you in the CIC with tooltips teaching you what each menu did and how each mechanic added to gameplay before smacking you on the commanders backside and sayin 'go toaster shopping.'It's also irritating that the campaign has forced things to be locked until you reach a certain point, yet you can see what you could be playing with. You can see (and it was advertised) that you could assign commanders to various posts to increase certain capabilities, but I'm four missions in and I'm still puddling around with three light attack craft, and the only variety I've seen aside from the enemies are the ships I get tossed as part of the mission... only to have them taken away again. I really think that adopting a sort of structure like X-Com 2's strategy layer would fit better, where you're working to convince colonies to sign up by undertaking missions unique to each colony, which you can tackle in any order you wish, and in turn give you particular unlocks as rewards.... as it stands, despite having a large CIC map, I feel lost.The battles for the most part are fun, a few controls take a bit to figure out, but ultimately they make for a fun experience... I just keep feeling like the game is only half done, like there was more that they wanted to do, but pared it back during the development stage due to constraints on time or resources. Which, unfortunately, makes this a very soft recommend because I can see the potential of the game, but what I'm playing is just short of that."
,Not Recommended,544610,34734204,Posted: 4 September,all,Metal Gear Sororitas,"I had a lot of fun with this game dispite it's issues. But the game desperately needs rebalancing and user experience is horribly clunky.If your a tactics nerd like me and like BSG then sure; the ship models and sounds are really nice and visual presentation is phenominal. To make it clear, this isn't Steam shovelware using a license to sell units, care actually went into the assets and once you get past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it looks really good. But in it's current build the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is too much for the average consumer in my opinion.Saying that, if it gets an overhaul or you see it on sale for $20  then its probably worth it.Edit:Balance is nicer, the Big Guns on a Battlestar can actually hit the broad side of a Basestar now."
,Recommended,544610,34636002,Posted: 31 August,all,Afanickton,"Basically, if you love BSG and or have played the BSG mod for Homeworld 2, youll love this game.This game is just... Perfect... Love the after action replay camera. The graphics are beautiful, the movements beautiful, the ships management is just right and I don't feel overwhelmed. It's set during the re-imagined BSG First Cylon war era so they have limitless creativity for what they want to do and they did it perfectly."
76561198009311495,Recommended,544610,34637269,Posted: 31 August,all,Impyrium,"Can only provide very early, brief impressions, which are positive so far although the big question is value- is it worth $40? Will only be able to speak on that once I'm further in.But the combat, so far, seems pretty good. Fairly simple and straightforward but manoeuvring your ships around, picking out targets, dealing with firing arcs and missiles, it's all very intuitive and fairly satisfying. I haven't reached anything challenging yet but obviously less than an hour in. It does feel very BSG-y which is great.Criticism so far isn't too bad- graphics options seem entirely lacking except for a preset option, unless I'm completely missing something. It doesn't really have a AAA level of polish despite the price and there's a few rough edges, nothing serious. Graphically the game is nice but isn't particularly high fidelity, on first glance the game has a bit of a mobile look to it.  Ship models seem pretty good though. Despite the game being turned based the actual real-time portion feels very fast paced, particularly projectiles.So far it's a great little tactical fleet game and seems very accurate to its source material, so it'll certainly appeal to any BSG fan."
,Recommended,544610,34892325,Posted: 11 September,all,Super Saiyan Hitler,"I was hesitant about the price, mainly because BSG is a pretty much dead franchise at the moment and why would a quality game worth the full price be released now? Who knows, but my fears were averted once I picked it up and began playing it. The turn based gameplay has you constantly thinking and paying attention, checking your targets are focused, your raptors are prioritizing and most important your ships aren't crashing into each other. You can then watch in the autocam, which makes it look like it is directly from the TV show with the shaking and the zooming. There are hours of fun to be had here.The criticisms I have is that the campaign can be rushed through very quickly, there don't appear to be many roadblocks in the campaign requiring you to research or make sure your fleet is up to scratch. There are a few of quality of life issues - most notably equipping your fleet with torpedoes/viper mk 2s in the battle screen, but also the whole fleet system, you have to level up officers which becomes increasingly difficult as you progress. For how fun and wonderful the tactics engine is, the CIC tasks are all very simple, mostly just building and moving fleets. While it would be nice to see a more XCom approach for outside the base, the developers clearly focused on the tactical aspect of the game and it shows in mostly positive ways.In conclusion, as a fan of BSG and the newest XCom games, you will enjoy it immensely. Just a fan of BSG? Yeah, you'll still enjoy it. Otherwise, I'd wait for it to get cheaper, the whole game aesthetic is set up to put you into the BSG universe and it does it spectacularly."
76561198004314295,Recommended,544610,34758169,Posted: 5 September,all,ConG,"This is by no means a perfect game, the story and voice acting are passable thats about it.  People have been complaining a lot about the UI as well which doesn't really bother me but I understand where their comming from.  The game is unfortunantly under developed in some areas, but not the atmosphere.  If you liked the 2003 reboot of BSG then you will love this, the ship models and sounds are fantastic and the music while entirely original feels like its straight out of show.This isn't the best fleet command game I've ever played (if you want that then go check out Homeworld Remastered) but it has quickly become one of my favorite ones.  Despite the noticable Issues game was recieved mostly positively by the community, the game doesn't get everything right but what it gets right it gets really right.  Is this the best game ever...oh god no i'd even say the price is on the steep side, but you should totally get it.  regardless of its day one problems this is a quality game and the devs appear commited to improving and expanding on the game...I give this game a hard 7/10, 8.5/10 If you're a fan of BSG."
76561198012214512,Not Recommended,544610,34789522,Posted: 7 September,all,Dexter Douglas,"I love playing this game! I really do! IT. IS. FUN.However, there is not nearly enough content. I can't even adjust point values for fleets in muliplayer-coop. So, I'm stuck with different 4000 point fleets every game.Another Problem Adamant's are OP, not because of the ship but because of the fighters.This game needs a serious Star Trek mod because the gameplay is just... so... good. I mean, I love it. Should you buy it for $39? No. No, you should not. Maybe $15? Yes.Once again, THIS GAME IS FUN! It just lacks most features of a real game. This is early access."
76561198127245228,Recommended,544610,35261847,Posted: 28 September,all,Barbosa003,"I don't know where to start. And I don't like that I can't give a thumbs up AND thumbs down. But this will be a long review.First, for a game billed as a strategy game, there is but one strategy. And that is to build enough ships to make seven ship fleets to protect each of the four quadrants of your map. This is not difficult with the exception that you play on the highest of three difficulty modes. Once you figure this out, this is where my biggest problems comes into play1) This is not a strategic game. It's a reactive game because the Cylons always have the initiative. They will attack your fleet or your planets and you simply react to the attacks - the entire campaign, until the very end.2) The game becomes repetitive and ultimately boring. The AI becomes predictable. AI will set up the enemy ships in one of three directions relative to you, left, right and forward. Elevation of these fleets are either slightly higher, lower or even with yours. The enemy fleets are cookie cutter fleets.3) For a game with the namesake of the most famous Battlestar in existence, you don't need a Battlestar to complete the game. And as far as I'm concerned, a Battlestar slows your fleet down.4) The ships:A) The Manticore corvette is pretty good for very early game, but it become weak and actually uses up a space in your fleet better utilized by another ship.B) The Adamant frigate will be your workhorse and fleets of seven Adamants can be used through the campaign to the end, thereby rendering the next three ships fairly useless.C) The Ranger missile cruiser is fairly useless because of the low hitting power of its missiles, even though it will fire every other turn. The  battles are short enough that you will rarely get more than 3 or 4 salvos off. The AI will focus fire this ship.D) The Minotaur gunship is not a good ship. Like the Ranger, the AI seems to focus fire this ship. And this ship really needs to get fairly close to the enemy for it to really work. And it is slow.E) The Atlas carrier carries two squadrons of Vipers, your WWII equivalent fighters. While the Adamant carries one squadron of Vipers, a Battlestar carries two squadrons and your shipyard also carries two squadrons, I never saw the need to use the Atlas.F) The Battlestar. Well, you get a taste of this ship in the second or third mission you play, which is part of the tutorial. You won't see another Battlestar for quite some time thereafter. I find the namesake of the series lackluster. It has a missle launcher and carries two squadrons of Vipers. It also uses the unique concept of FlaK. This creates a FlaK field on either side or all around the ship that will simply shred anything that comes in contact with it...including your own Vipers, missiles or ships, so one must be careful when setting off your FlaK defenses.But, the Battlestar is low. You may know the old addage saying A fleet is only as fast as its slowest ship. This is true in this case. While its maneuverability is exceptional, like the Minotaur, it simply can't keep up with the rest of the fleet. And this, from a physics POV doesn't make a lot of sense when you factor out friction and most gravity and factor in humungous engines. The ship is not that powerful in weapons, other than its Vipers. The AI will focus fire it if it doesn't have another ship such as the Ranger or Minotaur to focus first.This ship, with its guns and firing arcs should lay waste in short order any Cylon ship smaller than their large carriers.Before I wrap this review up, I'm going to say that within the first 50 hours of play, I was bored with the game. There simply isn't anything in the game that would want to make you play for hours and hours and hours. There is nothing new to unlock once you have all the ships, special weapons and whatnot. The Resource missions are all the same. And in my opinion, the campaign was much to short.But you may ask...""Why did you play 250 hours if you were bored with it?"" Well, Through that time I played with the three different difficulty settings. While did this, I kept wondering if anything different or special would pop up or unlock. Maybe a hidden mission, or a once per campaign ship or something like that. But no, the game is a straight through campaign.But do I recommend the game? I'm going to say Yes. And that's only because the Devs and Slitherine say there will be added content in the future. Is it worth $40? Well, I can go to the shooting range and blow through $40 worth of ammo (depending on the gun I take) within 3 minutes. Or I can go to 2 two hour movies with my family with popcorn and drinks for $40. So I leave the question of worth up to the individual reading this review.So have fun with this game and then shelve it to wait on further content."
76561198101314180,Not Recommended,544610,35292196,Posted: 29 September,all,Shax,"My ultimate problem, and this is coming from someone who loves both this game and Battlestar Galactica, is that the fleets too heavily mirror one another and that the game is worse off for it.This game has a lot going for it, and is very fun--that's no lie--I purchased and hardly ever played Battlefleet Gothic. But after deciding to rewatch the miniseries, I think I've nailed down the issues I personally have with the game.The Colonial Fleet and Cylon Armada both rely on guns, missiles, and fighters. And that's all well and fine, but ultimately there should be a difference between the two of them, a much greater difference as we can see in the show. The Cylons relied primarily on two things there: fighters and missiles, and lots and lots of both. In the game, while this does take place nearly half a century earlier, the Cylons are deploying battleships and gunboats that can rival a battlestar's gunnage and that just doesn't feel right. When I use a battlestar, I should feel like I have the beefiest, tankiest, ship on the field. It carries an entire wing of fighters, it has enough guns to lay down a screen of weapons fire to blot out the sun.Or it should.Instead, I get a ship that melts to Cylon gunfire in seconds, whether it's in the middle or the edge of combat, and one that can deploy a field of fire, but can choose to either do that or target enemy vessels. When targetting an enemy vessel, the broadside turrets on the flight pods are too low on their damage to even matter. The artillery guns on a battlestar's back? They'll miss on nearly every shot that isn't targetting a basestar, and that's not right. I expect to be able to dish out damage and deal damage at the same time, the flak screen to be a natural product of a battlestar's firing solution. Instead, I get to block missiles while an enemy's guns still continue to shred me in the minute or so it takes a fully armored battlestar to melt. It isn't right.The Cylons should be focusing on four primary things: boarding, hacking, missiles, and fighters. The Colonials would be at home focusing on fighters, armor, and guns. Instead, we have two mirrored fleets and not nearly enough diversity of playstyle. This is not to even mention that during the campaign mode, the difficulty jumps to a nearly impossible level where Cylon fleets start numbering at nearly a dozen, all of them large, while you've barely even started to construct anything able to fight them. By the time you do, you realize that not only are your fleets weaker, but that whenever you do fight your command ship and officer are always targetted and lost first, leading to a cascading failure of your entire campaign. And this occurs because a battlestar is less than half of what it should be, guns and armor and all.I want to love this game. I love what it does have going for it. The models are great, the combat and visuals are fun and exciting, the music and replay feature are a blast, and the gameplay is fun too! But it has glaring issues that, until fixed, render me unable to honestly enjoy it."
,Recommended,544610,34641128,Posted: 31 August,all,Soren,"As a massive BSG fan im loving this, how the managed to take ots ships and make them fit into the new reimagined show is great. I does have a few issues but the dev did put love and care into this and it shows in my opinion. The sounds are just right, the combat I love, and oh man that replay! My only hope would be that the keep supporting the game and add a few things i think would make it even better. Here are some points i would add:Campaign Co-OpCampaign Expansions perhaps (like maybe what if scenarios such as what would happen if the cylon attack failed when they returned 40 years laters?)maybe for mp add in newer colonial ships from the second cylon warViper Cockpit view? idk if it would be possible but it would be cool.My point is that theres a lot that can be added especially for bsg fans. If you love bsg you have to play this.SO SAY WE ALL!"
76561198007610552,Recommended,544610,34656696,Posted: 1 September,all,Matiati,"A mediocre turn-based tactical space strategy game that puts you to the seat of an admiral in the Battlestar universe.So far I've completed 1 skirmish and 5-6 missions.The pros and cons I've seen are as follows:Pros:1. The game is rather easy to understand and learning curve is smooth.2. As far as I know this kind of turn based game play is the first in the genre. Basically at each turn you and the AI issue orders to the ships simulatenously. Once you click the turn button the battle commences and the next 10 seconds are simulated and you watch. This alleviates the stress over your shoulders and removes the need of micro-managing in real time battle. And gives the game a very good tactical aspect.3. Although the options in battle are limited (most ships will have 2-3 skills at most) situational placement and orientation of the ships in battle counts to a significant degree. For example I've just finished a freighter rescue mission in which I had to block incoming missiles (to the freighter) by placing one of my tanky cruisers in between the cylon ships and the freighter. And this was the only way I could find to rescue the freighter after 4 attempts on the mission. The game forces you to use your wits.4. The game has a strange difficulty setting which may be a negative point for some people. Basically you have very limited idea on what to face in each mission and odds are that you will be greatly outnumbered. But I like this setting because it forces you to think tactically and create wonders with the limited amount of ships and resources you have.Cons:1. The UI is terrible in general and inefficient. Although it lets you do whatever you wish in the battle, issuing orders is a very slow process. The movement, elevation change and rotation orders are hard to control. You cannot grasp where exactly you've placed your ships, where exactly it is facing and what is the elevation difference between the enemy ship and your ship for instance. The UI gives very limited information.2. The UI controls are ambiguous as there are multiple ways of giving the same order to ships (around 3).3. Ship silhouette icons (that you drag to issue a movement order) are prone to  accidental clicks. When you accidentally click it you cannot cancel the click and are forced to renew the movement order you've given.4. Just because of the cumbersome UI controls it can take up to 3-4 minutes to plan a turn. And you only watch a 10 second simulation afterwards.5. There is no multiple selection as far as I know. So you are forced to click each of the viper squadrons one by one and give the same attack order.6. There is no way to understand what your ships are doing unless you select them. You may have up to 8-9 ships (including the fighter squadrons) you have to control at once. And you easily forget what the ship you've selected first is doing.7. There is no way to understand when the cooldown on ship skills end unless you select them.8. Other than tactical battle, I think not much effort is spent on the remaining parts of the game. The grand strategy map for instance is composed of just 4 star systems (and a few other planets). Its presentation remembers me of the 1998's game Star Wars Rebellion. I know that the BS universe revolves around 12 colonies but come on... this is space we are talking about :D.9. There are very limited variety of ships and skills on both human and cylon sides.Conclusion:I think the game is a mediocre turn based strategy game. As far as see it is mostly bug free and playable from day one. But I am amazed by the tactical aspect so I am rather tempted to ignore the other issues about the game. So I will give a positive vote."
,Recommended,544610,34703591,Posted: 2 September,all,Vishesh from Optus™,"I've been watching the press release videos of this game for several weeks now. What I was seeing had me very excited and gave me some very high hopes, I was not disappointed.Initially I balked at the $40 USD price tag, but considering this was developed in my home country of Australia, I understand how expensive it can be to run any sort of business over here. I was happy to give the game a shot, as steam refunds do exist. I have so far not encountered any bugs, although at one point a ship had it's path set to inside of an asteroid, and I took some camera fiddling to re-select it to change the heading. Freighter escort missions may need a difficulty rework. They are possible to complete, if perhaps slightly too challenging.Simply put, this game is fantastic, it blends the original and re-imagined series in a believeable and seamless way. Featuring ship designs from both of the series, it of course places focus on the first cylon war, but ditches the energy weapons of the original for the kinetic based weaponry of the Re-imagined. Missiles and flak weaponry play an important role, keeping on top of these two aspects is critical to success.The dynamic campaign has me hooked despite its relative simplicity. At its base, you must maintain control of each of the 12 colonies to keep your income in check, fending off the hordes of Cylon Fleets. In addition to this, there is a chain of campaign missions that feature voice acting and unique encounters, which enable you to unlock new ships/armamnents and award large resource bonuses.The UI is simplistic and functional, if not a tad too large (I am running at 1080p). Use of the hotkeys remove all tedium, though streamlining their functionality to be the same across all ships would be nice. For example, I do not want one ship to have it's missiles use ""X"" and another ships to have it's missiles be ""C""The game is graphically pleasing, with an awesome after-battle replay feature full of the features you would expect (pause/speed up/save replay/select target/free camera), included in this is the amazing automatic tracking system that could fool you into thinking you were watching a battle from the show itself. The lack of visual damage models of the ships is sorely missed, but with how quickly the engagements can go, it is not a glaring issue.The soundtrack is simply astounding, the composer should be very proud of their work. Bear Mccreary himself would no doubt be impressed.Devs seem to be setting up a strong line of communication with the community, which is always great to see. I can't wait to see how the game develops in the future.Frakking excellent guys."
,Recommended,544610,34797684,Posted: 7 September,all,Theyodaguy12,At first i was skeptical about the turn based mechanic but i was proven totattly wrong this game with all the combat mechanics works it perfectly and does the Battlestar Galactica universe justice and i strongly recomend people to pick this game up
,Recommended,544610,34681682,Posted: 2 September,all,Olaf | Blackburn,"About 5 hours in. So far it's a good game.TLDR;  you've watched the BSG movies or series, I 100% recommend it. Even if you've only watched a couple, the atmosphere and feel of the game is superb.Turnbased:As for the turn based combat, I think they really thought this one through. One of the key aspects of the BSG re-imagined series was the amazing CGI combat, and the whole feel of it. Using the turn based approach really improves this aspect as you actually can sit back, relax and watch the carnage unfold after every endturn, while diving into the strategy of the battle during the turn.Graphics:As for graphics I think they are fine, obviously improvements can be made but at this moment the game looks good enough for me not to notice anything strange.Atmosphere:This is where the game really shines. I see it more of a RPG-ish turn based strategy game. From the menu to the actual battles and the world map, it really immerses you into the role of fleet commander. The music and voice acting really help with this aspect.The reason I didnt mention the game as a 'great' game is because of some quality of life features. I started playing with keyboard & mouse but ended up switching over to my xbox one gamepad due to the quirkiness of the UI. Once you complete a couple of battles you get used to the UI and it because very intuitive. (Select ships by looking at them and select A instead of switching LB/RB)"
76561197997510871,Recommended,544610,35093044,Posted: 20 September,all,Apocalypse1023,"As a BSG fan I had a fun time playing this game because its a BSG game. take that away and its a poorly developed game that lacks a lot of potential.Pros: BSG story is coolFleet fights are pretty awesomeCons:-one ""Officer"" that doesnt do very much, game could be improved heavily here, mulitple officers per ship (one at each consol:tactical/navigation etc...)-Game is played way too quick, fights should be slowed down. Ships should be given a lot more HP to help with this.-hit detection is very off (often times ill have my right side facing the enemy but my front is getting hit?)-Story is very short and has a ""this is it"" kind of feeling. they could have gone on for hours of more gameplay dealing with the cylon threat and eventually trying to hunt down some sort of ""end boss"" (the one currently is lackluster and got taken out in one round of torp salvos)-Raptors are broken (every other round you can pop off their salvos giving u tons of more dps)-Fighters in general are pretty OP-ships have a very ""meh"" feeling to the upgraded versions, and since they all die in a concentrated salvo anyway, the basic ships u start off with have the best ROI in the ""grand campaign"" (i use that term loosely).-Battlestars are not as powerful as they should be, my ""jupiter"" class BS (same as the Galactica in the show) gets taken out way too fast, 2 rounds of concentrated fire and its dead.-Capital weps cant be changed, round types cant be changed to deal with different enemy types"
76561197974073331,Not Recommended,544610,35293032,Posted: 29 September,all,Punisher_1,Why I say no?I was excited to play a BSG game but it's kinda where it ends. It really has no feel for the old or newer series and shares no mood mustic or much of anything of the series. Actually the same music keeps playing. Sure the ships look like the orginals and that is really about it. The game play is rather boring and crude. Much like games were 15 or 20 years ago.As for game play it is rather dry and not exciting given all the Space based RTS out there. It is a rather scripted event based story line that feels rather limited in scope.Over all this is a $15.00 to $20.00 game and nothing more it really has little to no re-play ability that I can see.
76561198032159884,Recommended,544610,34743758,Posted: 4 September,all,SDF-7,"Disclaimer: I am a fan of both the BSG TV shows, so am probably biased to appreciate any fleet action game in this continuity as a result.Second Disclaimer: Not a fan of Multiplayer, reviewed solely from the perspective of the Single Player campaign. Not completed yet (probably about half way - taking time to grind a bit). If you're looking for MP impressions, please check other reviews.Overall: Not a naval/space fleet simulator by any means - but fun all the same. Similar to Victory at Sea in some ways - start with a small fleet, expand - handle individual fleet actions to the point of micromanaging ships as needed.The Very Good: Battle Replay / Music results in sequences that feel like they're right out of the BSG reboot. Very nice if you liked said show. The particular camera shots appear procedurally generated, so if you use the recording function after watching one, you might not get a particular camera angle you really liked - and the procedural generation really likes Viper cockpit views for some reason, but those are minor nits. A little more major, had the only crashes so far after doing some recordings, so be warned if you try it. If it is this, I'm sure it will be fixed.The Good: Battles are pretty balanced for your main fleets. Tutorial isn't too bad and is skippable on replay (if you do the campaign first as I am, you probably will start over at least once as you figure out some game mechanics). The Cylons appear to have infinite fleets who just pop up out of nowhere (no way to have safe routes or zones other than Ragnar that I can tell), but this is somewhat balanced by any surviving ships in a fleet being automagically repaired after a mission, so you don't have the headache of getting damaged ships back to a repair facility.The UI is a little large, but not ridiculously so. It will bug you if you think about it, but if you're wrapped up in getting things done, it doesn't get in the way.The battles themselves are pretty fun - I'm probably not the tactician I need to be, but I can hold my own pretty well and the game interface does allow for nice maneuvers, crossing the enemy T (several ships are best with broadsides), etc. Fighters are currently imbalanced -- the Cylon raiders apparently don't defend against Vipers and just go for their capital ship targets. As a result, it is very easy to take out all enemy fighter groups by around the same time the main fleets are getting close enough for action, allowing the Vipers to help a great deal in taking down the fleet or doing missile defense by the time of closing for ship-to-ship combat. Don't get used to it, I expect - that screams for a balancing patch in the future.The Bad: The fleet/officer system seems problematic in the mid game, and I suspect it will be catastrophic in the late game (as mentioned, have not completed the campaign yet). There are two limits on Fleets -- first, raw ship counts (up to 7) and second ""Fleet Points"" which are related to the Officer assigned to the fleet. Officers also help reputation/resources for fleets fortifying planets, so you'll almost always want an officer assigned to a fleet. All reasonable so far -- but there are a few problems.First - the same ""RP"" points used to hire/promote officers are also used to unlock any potential technical upgrades (like new ships / new weapons). If you don't realize that (or miss it if it was in the tutorial), you can easily be stuck with early/weak ships because you spun off several fleets/officers to protect colonies. RPs are only given to you from story or special missions, so you need to be very careful how you use them -- the tutorial having you burn some to promote your first officer right off gives the exact wrong impression. You'll want to let promotions come from combat experience, saving RPs for technology or new officers.Which leads to the second/related problem: The default Fleet Points with a starting officer is WAY too small past the beginning of the game. Without a promotion, a fleet has 2000 points. That's enough for 2 Adamants (2nd ship you get, cruiser/carrier combo) and a single frigate. A good fleet in the early game up to the mid game. Your first battlestar (Artemis class) is 1550 points - so a starting fleet is that single ship. Any of these fleets is a sitting duck for the 3000+ plus point Cylon fleets you start getting once you unlock the Artemis class -- so any new officers/fleets are now very difficult to survive to get experience to level up enough to form a fleet that stands a chance. Either you have to really grind for RPs and burn them on promotions (which can take a while, the special missions aren't that common) or you want to plan ahead and farm RPs in the start of the game to form defense/fortification fleets over all the colonies before proceeding in the campaign/unlocking better ships (Adamant + Viper II seems like the sweet spot to me). That way you can use combat experience for all your fleets to have them ready for Battlestars later. Not terribly intuitive and you still have to grind story missions to have enough fleets to make that work."
76561197968768348,Recommended,544610,34738743,Posted: 4 September,all,Renown,"Fun game but a bit expensive for the content (not too bad really)... but missing some essential elements (like rotating your ship vertically), enabling vipers to shoot down missiles, general fighter controls, and a bit more information on some settings.Overall a great game to play while watching BSG!"
76561198321942772,Recommended,544610,34872424,Posted: 10 September,all,sgtnicklandry,"I purchased this game last night, and I have one thing to say.  IT'S ABOUT TIME!!!  I've been waiting for a BSG strategy game for years.  Hopefully this one takes off and does well enough that they'll make another one, this time with the newer ships.  Been playing it for hours and love it!!!"
76561198049091942,Recommended,544610,34712861,Posted: 3 September,all,PG74,Nice game cause i love the scenario. There are some weaknesses that have to be fixed. For me it took 22 hours to finish the campaign on normal difficulty. There isnt much replay value atm. In skrimish mode vs. AI you can´t determine exactely the ships and their loadout you fighting against. Sometimes the enemy ships ram into each other. There should be a launch all Vipers button+ the possibility to asign 3 ships the same enemy or same action with one click- atm i takes a lot of time to give the same order to different ships. Last point i don´t like about is the dmg asigning-very often dmg is still asigned to the rear or the front when should be asigned to the sides cause the ship has obviously turned already.All that is just my opinion. Plz fix those things and bring new ships and other game content. Despite of that points i really like the game. Great looking fights and a really nice atmosphere but i think possible buyers should really like the BSG scenario atm. With further improvements it should be a great game for all sci-fi strategy fans.
76561198041018434,Recommended,544610,34637317,Posted: 31 August,all,Metalwraith031,"If you are a BSG fan of the 2000's series then you are going to have a good time.A nice turn based strategy game in on of my favorite sf universe.The music, the ships, just perfect.Combat is turn based and you can position your ships in the direction and height of your choosing depending on your ships current heading and speed. And be careful of other ships because ramming another ship does great damage, for instance a jupiter class battlestar will barely survive an impact of an cylon carrier (as i found out the hard way).Combat its done by planning your moves and then press play, no direct involment during the combat phase. So if you dont plan your moves accordingly, you are going to have a bad time.Be carefull of hacking attacks as these can cripple your ships, best way to deal with that is to blow the offending ship into spacedust. After the battle you can get a replay with nice BSG style camera work.After the battle you are brought to the strategic map where you have an overview of colonial space where you can plan your next move and build new ships etc.The graphics are decent but the skybox could use a higher resolution texture, this is especialy appearant during replays when the camera is zooming in on vessels.I love the working turrets and the vipers launching from their tubes.TL; DRPro- Battlestars light up space with flak- Music you come to expect from BSG 2000's- Cool ships that have working turrets- Ships are carried over to the next mission (so dont break them)- You decide fleet makeup.- Combat can be challenging.- Game itself not demanding, could play on potato.Con- Skybox could be of higher resolution.- Currently still some bugs but nothing gamebreaking that i know of.- Why are you still reading this, aren't you a BSG fan?8/10 Great game for BSG fans."
76561197995397628,Not Recommended,544610,34691335,Posted: 2 September,all,ogmius,"it is with heavy heart that I cannot reccommend this game, at this price point.  While the combat itself is highly enjoyable, the lack of polish is apparent.-The graphics are comparable to rts games of the mid 2000's like star trek armada-the campaign is clunky and confusing,-the combat interface is jumbled and not very efficient.They do have a good base to build upon. if you forgive the clunky interface, the battles themselves are top notch strategy..as good or better as anything urrently out there. Because of this , everything else in the game can be improved."
,Not Recommended,544610,35069779,Posted: 19 September,all,Chaos,I wouldn't reccomend paying full price for this.  It is poorly balanced and feels like and early access game.  Doesn't feel like it has be properly play tested.
76561198003585810,Not Recommended,544610,35303010,Posted: 29 September,all,jobohobo,"While i like the idea of this game, and was fun while it worked.  This game just refuses to run properly on my system.  I get random crashes constantly, UI is less than helpful even when i have no issues, and other performance related issues including the mouse or keyboard randomly stop working.  Maybe if they eventually fix this will purchase it again, until then i am getting a refund."
76561197972634582,Recommended,544610,34812880,Posted: 8 September,all,Harlequin,An excelent space tactics game. If you can get to grips with the slightly clunky UI you are in a for a great time.A must buy if you like the BSG universe or semi turn based space combat.Aslo if you like this game Star Hammer by the same studio is quite similar and worth a look.
76561198099461056,Recommended,544610,35139370,Posted: 22 September,all,Kneecaps,"I do like this game and I recommend it for fans of tactics alike. The graphics and feel is very faithful to the show, however there are drawbacks.Although at first it may seem the options around strategy are fairly numerous, in reality the the only seriously viable approach to combat is to focus on taking out one enemy ship at a time while keeping yours out of harms way. The enemy AI predictably tends to focus on the largest ship meaning you can use this ship as bait to routinely drawn the enemy into pincer type movements . I enjoy the combat and the feel of things but after 50 hours the tactics are becoming woefully repetitive.Another issue that is fustrating is that you have no idea of the size of an enemy fleet prior to engaging so in the mid to late game this renders small fleets with green officers pointless. The only safe way to encounter fleets is by sending your best fleets with best officers.The strategy element on the main map is surprisingly tricky and the choices that must be made do add an interesting dimension. I think if improvements are made via mods or otherwise then this could turn into a really engaging tactical sim ,"
76561198371634109,Not Recommended,544610,35167663,Posted: 23 September,all,sandy27ofcanada,This is awful!! I was so excited when i heard about the game being made but it's very disappointing! The computer thinks you can surivive a fight against 7 Revenants with the piddly little fleet the computer allows you to have. I would not buy.
76561198008158748,Not Recommended,544610,35008335,Posted: 16 September,all,Kirk Woo!!!,"Wait for a sale.This game has some really good potential, but has some very serious drawbacks. Perhaps someone will create a mod one day and make this a really good game, but what it is packed with at the moment is lacking in may key areas the make it a ""game."" instead this feels like a ploished early release with some core mecanics, rather then a full release they claim it is.Pros:- simple but enjoyable small fleet engagements and control- grapics and effects that look like they came out of the syfy seriesCons:- A sory and voice acting so bad you will think is came from a poorly translated asian game in the 80s. there are alot of lines not much better then the ""all your base are belong to us..."" If you came here for any intresting story connected to the syfy series, you will be sorly dissapointed.- a core feature of the game, armor angles is easily exploited. it does not matter that the front of your ship is facing the enmey on the same hight, they can still shoot the back of your ship anytime if you know the way.- Balance is non existant. once you have payed a few multiplayer games or completed the capain, you quickly find out what works and waht does not and there is little in the way of variance of viable options.- Lack of counters in the game beside one or two options. somehow the largest captial shis are completly unable to shoot down the small fighters or any missiles. so in a game based on large captial ships, it comes down to who can spam vipers or missles and the fight is already over. You can counter with ships that have flack but then it goes back to my previous comment, you only have one or two real options you can choose if you want any hope.- a very simplistic AI that all they do is rush your comand ship and focus it once in range. It is annoying because if you lose the officer, then the fleet disbands. But once you lern it, then the enemy is easily kited and killed by manuvering your officer in certin ways."
76561198038288376,Not Recommended,544610,35056315,Posted: 18 September,all,ur238,Poor balance and gameplay.  Spent more time fighting the interface than enjoying the game.
,Not Recommended,544610,34725838,Posted: 3 September,all,Supersonicclank,"I love this game! As a BSG nerd, I can say I have had a lot of fun with it BUT there are several game breaking bugs that I have experienced, such as flack not firing after you say FIRE FLACK, there not being a LOAD button in the in game menu (have to back out to main menu to load) and lots of other tiny bugs and stuff that, once they pile up, really brings the game down. Please fix the simple things, then I will give a thumbs up! Thanks, and so say we all!"
76561198000413475,Recommended,544610,34801774,Posted: 7 September,all,Chips,"loving this game but my god please change the AI targeting from default always kill the ranger...always...dont shoot anything else till the ranger is dead... even if we are out of rangeAlso it fels a shame to have the fighting takeing place in a space the size of a footballl pitch, seem to take away any real tactics other than tank rush and concentrait fire.If the ranges on everything were vastly up scaled and ships made to fight over much bigger distances i could see it being more tacical as you would have to contemplate where to send fighters ect , can you afford for them to spend 4 turns flying to that battle or this one"
76561198040523494,Recommended,544610,34868599,Posted: 10 September,all,Lithium Quad,"Fun game. Not terribly deep, but you can beat it quickly with few strong fleets or be a perfectionist and build many fleets for a loooooong game. The playstyle is similar to the board games X-wing or Armada. Good times."
,Recommended,544610,34939454,Posted: 13 September,all,Wildcardspades58,"Just finished the campaign. Let's start with the positive. Would I recommend the game, sure, but I think its more of a $25-30 game. It brings a level of strategic space combat I heavily desired to have from being a fan of Battlestar Galactica. If you are a fan of the series you will feel the nastalgia from its small campaign. Bringing in both versions of the Battlestar class vessels into the battle against the cylons even gives you that warm fuzzy you are apart of the action and the series. The space compbat is somewhat cinematic and sometimes mezmorizing to watch.Okay, the negative...more of a message to the developers. I'm sure I'll get some difference in opinion here. Took a few turns to get used get into it. The tactical gameplay is interesting and love the detail However there are a few items of note:* Strategic Star Map has a lot to be desired. I wish the strategic fleet movement across the region had more depth. The Cylons randomly show up out of no where. It would be great to hold strategic points to hold off cylon growth. If there is a way to do this it is not very apparent.* Be careful with your fleets early, later in missions its hard to build them up or at least the officers. Only large fleets can handle themselves against larger cylon numbers that show up later in game. So recruiting new officers becomes very difficult later on. I spent way too long building fleets against repetitive random attacks that made no logical sense to defend.* Tactical battle management is fun but bigger fleets I wish I didn't have to micromanage so much. Would be great to create saved tactical maneuvers executed over several turns to give the ship rather than a turn by turn play of a turning the ship around.* Wish there was a way to retreat during battle. Doesn't make sense to waste ships in battle because they have to fight if they can fleet the arena. Count it as a loss but at least allow my ships to jump out if the fuel is available.* Could use some more complex benefits to officer rank advancement. Would love to have ship experience.* Fighters? Think they could use some more fire power. Besides defending against missile attacks they always seemed in their own world and only for show. I know they can be deployed against other fighters but think more emphasis should be given to them especially out of carrier ships.* If two or more fleets occupy the same planet it doesn't make sense I can't engage in battle. If my officer limits me to a certain amount of ships at any one time on the Battlefield at least allow me to jump more in after one gets destroyed. Best example of this Star Wars: Empire at War (Space Combat only). This could also solve the whole only 7 ships in any one battle.* To continue on that note, Unless it provided more strategic options, weapons, ect this could have probably been a real-time strategy game, at least in the battle itself. Just a thought.With all that said, here's hoping for an expansion or a sequel involving more aspects of the war that give the game much more depth into the gameplay. I think this was an awesome start to what COULD be a great series."
,Recommended,544610,34639181,Posted: 31 August,all,ApNTerra,"Well. Years after discovering the TV show, and falling in love with the Battlestar story, i finally get to play a decent game in the same universe.This game is awesome, The combat feels realistic and engaging, in my first multiplayer match i accidently crashed my own ship into another and lost it, revealing a previously unknown strategy to me, i love the campaign so far, and being able to engage toaster fleets in between missions is greatThe interface and ship management is perfect, not overwhelming at all, which is my usual problem with Strategy games. The graphics are beautiful, and the ability to launch raptors and vipers makes the combat that more immersive.Devs did a great job with this game.Could not ask for a better BSG strategy game.And i look forward to seeing what comes in the future"
76561198015663423,Recommended,544610,34775826,Posted: 6 September,all,TheBluesExplosion,So say we all.
76561198140529912,Not Recommended,544610,34696673,Posted: 2 September,all,RedBarron97,"Also this is a great game, i would`nt recommend buying it at the moment.Why ?1.The story isn´t really good.2.The gamplay mechanics are confusing when playing the first time. You have all those colonies you have to keep in your quorum. But you don´t get a explaination how. You can fortify them, but don´t know how. And these are just a few things3. The combat is just annoying. The only taktics the enemy has is to hack and run. The hacking attacks are just OP. I´ve played a scirmish against a few Nemesis with just one Jupiter. My battlestar fired only a few shoots before being disablet.4. New ships have to be unlockt first, but you gat way to few RP to do so.5. You can only have 7 ships in your fleet, so you are often outnumbert by the enemy.6. The game get´s boring after some time, because you can´t do much.7. WHY ARE MY SHIPS ALWAYS FIRING AT THE VOID ?!8: Way to expensive at the moment"
,Not Recommended,544610,34673440,Posted: 1 September,all,Rokkr Ulfr,"This is a good game, the lore and the turn base combat is great but there are big problems with it atm, hopefully get fix.the problems are things like the UI is not the best and feels clunky at times, things like end turn should be better placed or most defining then it is atm. the campaign mode need to be more open like total war game e.g. the start of the game is too closed and the whole thing feel like a story then a campaign. and a few balance changes are needed and AI fine tuned, and sorry but the slightness touch to another ship destory both ships is stupid and lazy design. maybe once changes are done then i can recommend this game."
76561197970578095,Not Recommended,544610,34782981,Posted: 6 September,all,BrockBroadside,"My first reaction was pure joy.  The sounds, music, weapons, everything was so true to BSG.  Then I got a few missions into the campaign and I don't think I can keep playing.The balance is probably the worst I've ever experienced in a two faction game.  Cylons have everything the colonials have, except their guns are accurate, and they can hack you.  Oh boy, hacking is the most frustrating feature in this game by far.  You get almost no time to react to hacking, and the only defense you get is to launch raptors, and then have them dock.  Wow, that is just moronic.  ""We're being hacked!  Launch all Raptors, then have them all dock again, it's our only hope!""The campaign is super dull with no depth at all.  Within a few turns half of the colonies have defected and if I leave a battlestar behind to protect it, guess what happens to it.  It gets hacked and is completely useless after two turns with every subsystem shutting down.Was really hoping that the actual battlestars would be forces to be reckoned with, but as it stands, they can't take hits, can't hit the broad side of a base ship, and the get hacked all too fast.  Would have been nice to make it so battlestars had better defense to a hack than a little frigate."
76561197971809011,Not Recommended,544610,34822439,Posted: 8 September,all,Bubbles  DeVere,"Fun to play, but....Very short (Yes, I finished it in the nine hours I played it).No Cylon campaign.No ""rule the galaxy"" type scenario.Just one story arc and skirmishes.Very little reason to re-play."
76561198007975439,Recommended,544610,34695596,Posted: 2 September,all,madwars,"If you enjoy turn-based games you'll like where they took the game. It's everything I expected Battlefleet Gothic to be and more. Also, the end of mission cinematic that shows you how your last fight went is extremely satisfying... every turn-based game needs this. Great job to the developers!"
76561197970754770,Recommended,544610,34644751,Posted: 31 August,all,Ardbug,"Only 3 missions in so far, but the combat is well done, the ships have nice abilities, the music is absolutely fantastic, the tactical screen between missions is a bit confusing but that is to be expected after only a few (tutorial) missions. Overall a good game well worth a look if you are even a little bit in love with BSG."
,Not Recommended,544610,35270506,Posted: 28 September,all,TheRomanSenate,Req Point reward system is broken. Game is extremely difficult without rp as you can't get new officers or research and developement without them.
76561197972445514,Recommended,544610,34691656,Posted: 2 September,all,Hellbishop,"BATTLESTAR GALACTICA DEADLOCK a ton of tactical fun with rich depth on many levels. The voice acting is excellent with a strong Battlestar Galactica military flavor. Excellent user interface and tutorial system. All in all a fantastic experience thanks to the incredible game design and balance.I have not seen so much detail on so many levels with such ease of use since playing Star Trek simulators on the Commodore Amiga 500 along with Ralph Reed's Battletech opus BATTLEFORCE.The sheer amount of information and comfortable realism with things like the Battlestar's subsystems is staggering while having a upfront in your face presentation where am not overwhelmed or having to go through a million screens to get to what i want. Pretty awesome to have to prioritize certain repairs or prevent a Cylon hack attack as my ships are taking more and more damage over possible combat effectiveness while not wanting things like the navigation system to totally fail leaving one a floating target for the merciless Cylons.BATTLESTAR GALACTICA DEADLOCK has the best space sim user interface i have ever had the joy of playing with a fantastic camera system that allows me to move my ships around effortlessly in a graceful ballet of maneuvers while still enjoying all the glorious visual eye candy as missiles dance across space to grasp the hand of its target and rip it into a shattering explosion of space debris in a fatal hate embrace of survival.With this grand opera of combat going on all about one also has to be wary of things like friendly fire where you can end up firing on your friendly squadron group. When firing guided missiles which are devastating against the Cylons i found myself waiting for them to reload afterwards for a few turns which is a great way of preventing spamming. I also have a limited amount at my disposal so i have to make sure to use them on the proper targets. Turrets can be commanded to fire on different firing arcs or on a specific target which helps on keeping things going when things get hectic so i can focus on different areas of the space battle. I can also create a flak wall to destroy incoming missiles and Cylon fighters. Thanks to the excellent timed turn system the game will pause after 30 seconds or so allowing me to view the outcome of my previous orders and adjust my plans accordingly.The all consuming grand music compliments the amazing i am there audio work where the tribal thumping rhythm mixed in with classical sophistication gives a enhanced BOOM! BOOM! to the BAM! BAM! of turret fire and missile impacts as the graphical splendour splashes across my monitor with triggering flashbacks of special effects pioneer John Dykstra's influential works.Before and after battles i found myself in the command room with a huge map of outer space pointing out locations of the human and cylon conflicts. From this command room i can do things like build new ships, set my economy, mess with blueprints and see about officers.I pretty much never ever use the replay function after a battle in any game but the game replay in BATTLESTAR GALACTICA DEADLOCK is incredible. Its like watching a movie with breathtaking camera angles and views with each replay having a totally different view. Just imagine watching say STAR WARS multiple times and each time from a different camera angle.BATTLESTAR GALACTICA DEADLOCK, the ultimate tactical strategic Battlestar combat simulator capturing the tense gritty dark universe fans of the series have been waiting for all these decades."
76561198021303762,Recommended,544610,34785629,Posted: 6 September,all,MGHAL9000,"Battlestar Galactica, DeadlockBLUF (Bottom Line Up Front)I am really enjoying this game.  The turn-based style gives you time to think and recheck your actions before you act.  Graphics are great and the do an awesome job of putting you back into the reimagined Battlestar Galactica universe.  It's not a deep game, so that's good or bad depending on your expectations.  I'm good with the price I paid for it because it already gave me some gaming experiences I haven't had before.I saw the clips, just like you did, I'm sure.  I'm a bit leary on those, so I also checked out a few youtube gameplay videos.  I was sold after watching the first.  I'll set this up by saying that I'm a huge fan of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica series.  I think the makers of this game followed along with some of what made that series a success in the Sci-Fi community.This is a single-player game, with a multi-player option for skirmishes. I read somewhere that there's a Co-op in the manual, but I haven't experienced that yet.  The single player options have a skirmish mode against the AI, or the campaign.The combat happens in segments.  Issue orders, movements, attacks, then watch as your orders are carried out.  Each segment is about 10 seconds long.  Orders happen simultaneously, so if you move and shoot, it'll take roughly 10 seconds to complete the move, while you're shooting.  Ships can collide and either damage or destroy themselves or others.The best part about the combat (other than the feel of commanding a fleet and pounding your enemies to wreckage (yes, pieces are floating about when a ship dies), is your reward (or participant award, if you lose), the Replay.  This bit of genius allows you to watch your whole battle without the interruptions.  On top of that, the creators of this game used some of the same camera techniques used in filming the Battlestar Galactica series that gave it almost a documentary feel to it.  Camera angles and movement almost feel like you're watching a live video feed from a news camera, or a chase cam, or even a ship mounted camera in the case of the viper and raider views.  I watched as a ship that I targeted blew up, and as the pieces came apart, some of the bigger bits kept traveling in the same direction the ship was headed, with a slight shift from the explosion.  it nailed the illusion of mass...It looked incredible.  Pro Tip: you can pause the playback with the spacebar and take a screenshot.  My desktop is sporting a chase cam shot of a viper closing on the tail of a cylon frigate.Pros:-It's the Battlestar Galactica universe-Satisfying ship destruction-realistic damage (hit on left side, lose armor on left)-Combat is not on a 2D surface.  You can go under or over other ships and do damage to those sides as well-Combat is frequent, so not a lot of sitting and waitingCons:-The difference between the potential complexity of combat vs the campaign map seems pretty stark.  Combat reaches simulation status and feel, while the campaign board feels like an electronic version of a board game.-If you're not actively persuing the campaign missions, the side missions do feel repetative-I think for 40 USD, the campaign aspects should be a bit deeper.  this is more of a feel than anything I have the words to quantify.  Feels like they spent most of the time on the combat portion, and slapped something together for the campaign interface.To their credit, they've already mentioned content updates and addressing things that they've gotten via feedback.  It's not a AAA title, but it's fun, and the Replay....oh the Replay...  It's as close as most of us will ever get to creating a kick♥♥♥♥♥space battle to watch."
76561197976044298,Recommended,544610,34801257,Posted: 7 September,all,Tolil,"I'm going to recommend this game because it's BSG and the devs have nailed that style without a doubt.The game needs work though. Right now it's very easy to just kite everything with your capital ships while the Vipers kill everything. It's boring as hell to do, but sometimes it's the only way to win a fight seeing as there's no option to jump out of a battle."
,Recommended,544610,34777707,Posted: 6 September,all,Sciira,"By no means perfect, Deadlock is a wonderful experience for anyone whose seen the show and - like so many more of us - desperately want more out of the universe.The UI could've used more work, the story isn't the best piece of literature ever devised and the voice-acting wasn't the best - but I have a hard time complaining about any of that around the time I get to watch 2 Cylon raider squadrons and a volley of enemy missiles disappear in a Battlestar's flak barrage while said Battlestar is firing in all directions. It's beautiful to watch, the soundtrack if phenominal, and the ships feel like true Galactica-style vessels.The UI to be a bit of a challenge to deal with but otherwise there is a pretty deep strategy game in here; you'll just have to wade through a few questionable interface design choices to get to it. Having to tell 8 Viper squadrons individually to fire on the same target at 3 clicks a piece is annoying but not really game-killing.Probably the most stand-out part of the game is the post-battle replays that do their best to emulate the Battlestar-y visual style, replaying the turn-based gameplay in a full realtime cinematic mode. I was concerned at first watching some of the preview youtube videos for the game with the camera-behavior that was in the preview builds but that concern was alleviated the instant I got into the game myself and saw it'd changed for the better. It's by no means perfect but when I'm smiling ear-to-ear, cackling in perverse glee as I watch 3 nukes reduce a Basestar to radioactive dust in glorious BSGcam mode, then something has certainly gone right. Kudos to whoever painstakingly set this system up.If you're a fan of the reimagined BSG, the familiar names and setting of the BSG universe will quickly make you forget the issues mentioned above and you'll feel right at home and have a blast with the game. Non-fans will find a pretty alright all-around game with a few issues but enough going for it to justify the difficulties.Basically: Get it if you loved the show, otherwise try it or wait for the 10% off sale to get it, because if strategy-combat sims are your thing, then you'll manage to sink a good chunk of time into this.Now if you'll excuse me, I've got some frakkin' toasters to shoot out of the sky. So say we all~"
,Recommended,544610,35055854,Posted: 18 September,all,BearKing,"I like most sims and real time strategy and not turn based games, but this game is so awesome and it a great game with well controlled ships and anything I could want from a Battlestar game, that isnt a flight sim."
,Recommended,544610,35145230,Posted: 22 September,all,darkknight827,"A very solid game all in all. Not the best game in the world but it is super fun if you play it for a few hours at a time. The only drawbacks are the lack of content and units. controls are good, graphics and sounds are good, fun gameplay and music is the same old and beloved soundtrack from the tv series.Pros:Solid graphicssolid gameplaygood controlsEasy to learnCampaign is non linear for the most part. your actions decide what happens to the coloniesCons:lack of content (maps, units, gamemodes (most are just destroy the enemy or protect the transport))I really hope that they make a dlc that is around the second cylon war so we can have the mkVII viper."
,Recommended,544610,35092501,Posted: 20 September,all,Mal'Nebiros,"I have enjoyed the time I have spent on this game a great deal. I beat the campain, on normal difficulty, in 24 hours of game time. There are definitely certain things which feel off, such as the armour regions on certain ships, but for the most part I like it. The biggest problem I have found thus far is the clunky UI.The biggest asset for the game is probably that it feels every bit a battlestar galactica game."
76561198039480020,Recommended,544610,34768700,Posted: 5 September,all,Airmaster,"Definitely one of the better BSG games out at this time. Its not perfect but it has a lot of potential to be a better game,Pros:Turn base tactical strategyWell rendered graphics.Realistic space combat modeled on the BSG rebooted TV show.Battles played out in real time.Cons:UI is very clumsy and needs to be a bit more refined.Manuvering and positioning ships needs more work, suggest adding menu position/turn left or right UI commands on selected ships.Targeting UI need to be more refined, suggest a drop down menu with selected ship to select targets and weapons to attack with.Having up to now played to mission 6, I am otherwise enjoying this game very much. I have been a BSG fan since 1978 and I recommend this game to any BSG fan or anyone that enjoys tactical turn base strategy games."
76561198027048460,Recommended,544610,35085945,Posted: 20 September,all,Ethereal,this is a great game a lil over priced but not regretting  it really cures my itch for space ship carnage  how ever you should nothe ballancing sucks  and it dose not explain jack  my advice train up as many officers as you can before advanceing the story line because late game if you loose a officer you cant train a new one with out spenting all your tech points  as the battels become harder and the low level officers cant command enof ships to win a fight hence no xp gainalso the larger ships make no sence the starter ship windes up beeing one of the best.  again ballancing is so bad i dont no what they were thinking half there ships are useless  and the story wrighting is just badbut again in 28 hrs in and still enjoying the game  just be ready to work around a few shirt commings
76561198006531636,Not Recommended,544610,34813015,Posted: 8 September,all,mist_weaver,"Short, repetitive, and while challenging at the fleet level (if you don't spam Adamants) an absolute doddle at the star map level.The voice acting is pretty dire and the music, while reminiscent of McReary, lacks variety.Shows promise but it needed more content and polish."
,Recommended,544610,34647986,Posted: 31 August,all,cameron,"i frakking loathe toasters. i remember when i could just toast bread to make myself a mean BLT, but noooooo, they all suddenly decided to turn on all of us and commit to genocidial warfare."
,Recommended,544610,34728307,Posted: 3 September,all,OneDeadLombax,"(*)Recommendation changedI will most likely change this recommendation in the futurebut for now, at the 43.99 price tag, I can't ""recommend"" it.I'm a huge BSG fan, and this game is the one I've been waiting for, but it is having trouble holding my interest in the present state of the single-player campaign.  About 10 hours in and I already feel like I've done it all and the autocam replays have somewhat lost their charm. It is great to see familiar names in the game and omg...young Doc Cottle!The tactical layer of the game is just excellent. It feels like an actual, BSG, tactical simulation rather than a game. Which is what you want in a strategy game. It's something rarely seen in games in general, TBH. Nothing in this game is left to chance on the tactical level. There are no dice rolls and mathematics to try to tip in your favour; just physics, decisions, and strategy. It's entirely possible to win the day with just one ship and some vipers if you think like Adama!But the strategic layer is seriously barebones and it takes too many missions to get blueprints for new ships and ordinances to add variety to your fleet. I already feel like I've done it all, but replay value is vital to strategy games. While the content that is here is suitable for competitive multiplayer, it's not nearly enough for single-player.Thus, I keep finding myself returning to XCOM 2 when I know I'd rather be playing this if there was more to keep me playing — I will happily switch this to a thumbs up when/if they add more content to the game or lower its price.*Given the recent announcement of the forthcoming improvements, content, fixes, and updates, I'm going to go ahead and give this the thumbs up now."
76561198018717132,Recommended,544610,34787551,Posted: 6 September,all,gonnzo1,"I'll recommend this game purly on the fact I like the BSG universe, however this game is frustrating. I tried the game on its normal difficulty to start, realized that I suck at stratagy so I bumped the difficulty down to low.By the third story mission I was being attacked by cylon fleets way out of my league... it literally got to a point where my win condition was ram a Manticore into the enemy as my ships (damaged or untouched) couldn't hit the broad side of a barn.I think the worst part battle started as 4v5 in the cylons favor, as I engaged the cylon fleet 3 more ships jump in next to the objective im supposed to protect (obviously I lost). I tried the mission again this time the surprise fleet jumps the the my deadalos (yes I know thats misspelled). But seeriously how does that senario help the story especially on the games' easiest setting....I'd probably rate this as a 6/10 sadly im disapointed by this game"
76561198021548719,Recommended,544610,34785261,Posted: 6 September,all,Spinobreaker,"This game has one of the greatest potentials ive seen in a game in a long time. That said, while its fun on its own, theres one thing i would add, modding support.If this game had modding support I would rate it as one of the best games i have bought, and i would tell EVERYONE i know in the Force of Corruption groups in im to get it withouta second thought.That to me is the only real drawback.I do hope they consider adding it. I would love to see new maps, scenarios and what not added, and the most cost effective way of doign that, and moving a TONE more units is with modding supportOther than that, id give it a solid 9/10If you love battlestar Galactica, this is for youIf you love turn based table top games, this is for youIf you love scifi in general, this is for you..."
76561198107038802,Recommended,544610,34663557,Posted: 1 September,all,Evoken,"Edit;My first review was not recommended after finishing campaign and playing some multiplayer matches , i would recommend the game now as the devs started updating the game and they seem to listen to community more.I still want modding support though (devs please its 2018 almost a game without modding support)Pros;1)I had a lot of fun playing the campaign its a sandbox pretty much doesnt force you to do anything , you can grind for the battlestart pretty early and depends on your playstyle you can get battlestars pretty much halfway through the campaign.2)Never though turn based space combat would be this much fun , planning your everymove and beating enemy is satisfying.3)If you are Battlestar galactica fun this game really makes you feel in the BS;G universe4)I know i said multiplayer is boring down below but after the balance patch it got a lot more fun you can utilize Battlestars better now.Cons;1)No modding support and devs doesnt want to add modding support.2)Multiplayer is just 1v1 or 2vAI skirmish which is boring after 2 matches.(this was old review , though multiplayer still needs love)3)In campaign you can only add 7 ships to your fleet which makes cheap ships completely useless after mission 4.4)When you see multiplayer Co-op tag in the store you expect to see Co-op campaign such thing doesnt exist.5)Graphics arent the most beautiful in a space gameMost of the issues in the game can be fixed by giving modding support to the game."
,Recommended,544610,34785515,Posted: 6 September,all,TheDaringCaptain,"It's great fun, but not worth 40 dollars. The UI is massive and kind of ugly, the controls take more than a little getting used to, and the textures look strangely old and unpolished for such a new game. The voice acting is middling at best. Tactics aren't as deep as I hoped, and ships die oddly quick.But it nails the atmosphere of the series, the music is incredible, and it is perfectly competent at providing tense, tactics-based space combat. I'll get it on sale."
,Recommended,544610,35254650,Posted: 27 September,all,Leyline,"I could write up a wall of text, but i will not.Its a VERY WELL made Strategy game with an interesting map-campaign, a good story and very meaty, very fun tactical space battles.Also, the cinematic replay function makes this your very own BSG battle movie creator. Watch your tactics unfold, your successes and your ♥♥♥♥ ups.Playing this on an Athlon  955BE quad core (ancient tech by now.)And a geforece card so last year its not evn funny. Its runs very snoothly, looks gorgeous and has exceedingly fun multiplayer.Full reccomendation on m Part, And a MUST buy if you like BSG.You will evne see the classical designs in this game (though a big updated to fit in) alongside the newer ones.Its a gogeous, battle laden, tactical soup of awesome."
,Recommended,544610,35500032,Posted: 5 October,all,michaelnoble627,"Great strategy for the money.  Well designed, fun to play, and in a universe I am fond of.  Not triple A, but priced approaitely."
,Recommended,544610,34691660,Posted: 2 September,all,Makaan,"This game has great potential! But please, PLEASE for the sake of the only and truly God, in future improvements try to implement those few things :- Space backgrounds, they need to be rescaled: stars are too big considering distance, and the field is confusing (it's difficult to see your own ships)- More Graphics Options, like bloom, better AA, effects... Changing settings from lower to ultra you get almost the same visual appearance- A better way to select and maneuver your units, maybe multiple selections or shorter turn rates. I know that a destroyer can't fly like a fighter, but those things are way too slow.- If you don't change course of your units they will continue to proceed in straight line, good if you have to travel long distances, bad if you're on collision course with a station.Anyway, good work for now in recreating BSG atmosphere (the title menu music is amazing)!So say we all :)"
,Recommended,544610,34642355,Posted: 31 August,all,ANIMENIAC,"Preliminary impressions. If you're a BSG fan this is a must get! It's turn based which gives you time to plan your moves. And I mean range firing arcs, elevation (to a small degree), turning and ship orientation. Setting ship status and posture such as defensive and offensive. Repairing sub systems which will take them offline. Launching Vipers and being careful to keep them out of your own anti ship missile flack. I'd even launched missiles from my corvettes that passed thru my own Battlestar's flak destroying them, DUH! There is a kewl replay feature of your battles that you can record for viewing at any time either in the game or saved to a folder on your HDD as an mpg. The replays are totally in real time and fluid. You watch the entire battle start to end from various viewpoints as the missles etc fly. It's like the TV show theme music and all. Here's a replay of my second mission.https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B0LLzktFjj1oTXAwSnpNTnVzYlE/view?usp=sharing"
76561198025869253,Recommended,544610,35187133,Posted: 24 September,all,Skizzors,"Great Game in the Battlestar Galactica Universe.Authentic lore, great graphics with nice details, awesome soundtrack and even better ship combat and strategy elements.SO SAY WE ALL!"
,Recommended,544610,34695117,Posted: 2 September,all,I'd tap me,"It's a game very similar to Star Wars: Empire At War. However, the individual aspects of each ship are very entertaining and encompassing. It's a more in-depth game than I would hae expected. A little gripe that I have is the sheer difficulty of some of the levels. Some levels are almost impossible to win on the first try."
76561198026224140,Recommended,544610,34881400,Posted: 11 September,all,AlexStrife,Just wanted to support the devs with recomendation of this egaging strategy. If you like turn based combat and space - this game 4u
76561197979065848,Recommended,544610,34659335,Posted: 1 September,all,DaJer,Finally a game that really hits home for how much I love the BSG franchise.  Have had constant enjoyement with this game and can easily see myself playing for 100s of hours on this one.  Well done... Finally!
,Recommended,544610,34767200,Posted: 5 September,all,Prospero666,Turn Based RTS that pauses after each command > brilliant idea.Good but not great graphics.Music and sounds reminds me of the colonies....a good BSG game? Priceless.
76561198007146907,Recommended,544610,35007050,Posted: 16 September,all,Micmac,"Awesome,love this one of a kind game,only played 3 chapters/missionsso far so good."
76561197992390647,Not Recommended,544610,34806964,Posted: 7 September,all,mikec1687,"I'm a big fan of the setting, show and the board game to start. They got the feel of bsg spot on but as for game play Ive only played four hours and I'm not feelong the need to rush back. If your going to smash out on a new turn based tac game go ahead and grab the new xcom. As with that missons call for new tactics and the story is solid you really feel like your arching towards somthing. But with deadlock after 4 hours I just felt it was the same battle with an unchanging feild of play and the story feel abit flat. I really wanted this to be class but I'd rather stick to xcom or world of warships or battle fleet gothic tbh. Shame because you can really tell a lot of effort went into parts of this game and others just seem overlooked. Why is the cic empty? limit cap of 7 ships? Lots of meaningless contacts that cost more to win than just to ignore? I thonk thisbwill be of ofmthose buys that just sit in my library mocking my choice to buy a new release."
76561198007793081,Not Recommended,544610,34808365,Posted: 7 September,all,stryker2600,"This is a 10-15 hour game. Gameplay is ok, but it gets repetitive after a while and isn't really groundbreaking in any way. It's currently $40, which is high for a game with only 14 chapters and limited replayability. I feel like I've seen the UI before as well, I want to say one of the Jedi Knight turn-based games that came out around 2006. BG fans roast away! But it's true!"
76561198020939488,Recommended,544610,34664795,Posted: 1 September,all,Carnwulf,"I am not very far into the campaign, but let me give a short overview over the strength and weaknesses of this game:+ Oozing with Atmosphere. You totally get the vibes from the Battlestar Galactica Series. Right from the moment you get into the main screen it pulls you immediatly in.+ Music is wonderful. Again matching the series and the universe.+ The campaign map is great and has some depth to it. Building fleets. Getting Technologies. Naming and equipping your ships. It is a good meta campaign play.+ The battles are also good. Your ships have many possibilites to change speed, firepower and so on. If you love min maxing you can really try to squeeze more out of your ships to turn the tables on the enmies.+ After Battle Replay function. Enjoy a replay of your turn based battle agter its done to see your victory in all its glory. A gimmick, but a good one!- The Minuspoint sadly is a big one:The UI on the campaing map and in the battles is horrible and simply like 10 years outdated. No drag and drop when organizing fleets no simple right click for attack orders or quickbuttons to fire missiles or anything. Instead everything you click on opens a menu which then opens another menu which then makes you for example cycle through every enemy ship before you get to the One you want to target. Rinse and repeat with all ships of your fleet. That becomes VERY cumbersome and VERY annoying.The UI on the campaign map sometimes feels like a Labyrinth, you try to navigat. Found out by accident that i can rename ships. Still nto sure how the jumping around with the ships really works. Its a little bit messy.Maybe they wanted to simulate that the colonial fleet is dumbing down their computer systems to cope with the Cylon hacking attacks? ;)- Another little minuspoint is: No Cylon Campaign. Only human campaign. Would have loved to play from their point of view... WAIT! NO I AM NOT A CYLON SKINJOB. YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE ME! ARGH!In the End i love this game and think its Plus outmatch the shortcommings significantly. However if there is ever another game, then please with a MUCh improved UI in Battle and Campaign.Lacking any details here? Go watch a lets play you lazy jerk and find out yourself. ;)"
,Not Recommended,544610,34824798,Posted: 8 September,all,UltimateNoob,The game is unplayable past the first few episodes because of many UI bugs.  The bugs make this game hard to use at first but when you have multiple ships and cannot select them.  You cannot deploy multiple ships for the battles. You cannot select different blueprints to research.  This game should NOT have been released with so many bugs.
,Recommended,544610,34685687,Posted: 2 September,all,SickPuppy,I personally would reccomend. yes the price is a bit much but i think it will be worth it if they decided to bring out some more content
76561197991341019,Recommended,544610,34644152,Posted: 31 August,all,tommo8993,Very good solid gameplay. Graphics are 'alright' for a small studio. I hope that this is a base for exansions to come. 9/10
,Recommended,544610,34746056,Posted: 4 September,all,Amniku,"Most fun space combat game yet. Requires micro management. Campain is a bit... forced, but fun. 1 slip up or laps in judgment will cost you the entire fight. Requires focus, and you need to know your ships."
76561198073871686,Recommended,544610,34675879,Posted: 1 September,all,Jester980,"BSG: Deadlock is a surprisingly in depth game with a few simple, fixable drawbacks.Some of the negative reviews here stem from the developers not making the nuances of the game obvious (see below)but if you are willing to put up with a UI without mouse over help and just ""figure out"" what's good and what's bad, the game is incredibly fun.What's good:The game delivers some spectacular 3D space combat. Even the capital ships feel agile and the degree of control in directing them to where you want them to be is virtually flawless. The reason I hate RTS games is because the soldiers and vehicles rarely go exactly where I want them to go and rarely do exactly what I want them to do (think Terrans running single file into a deathtrap of bunkers or shooting at vespene gas refinery instead of the barracks right behind them). There's none of that here because you are in complete control of where everything goes, how they do it, and what they do enroute.There are a lot of different ships with surprising strengths and weaknesses. When used in combination, they can create some powerful combos. And the options available on each ship really allows you to take advantage of the specific strengths of that ship and exploit the weaknesses of your enemy's. The game allows you to auto-resolve fights if they aren't critical to the story or have big resource rewards. I lost one fight on auto-resolve and loaded up my save to try it myself. I ended up being outnumbered 5 to 2, with me only having an Adamant (side fire arcs only, missiles, and one Viper squad), and a Mantacour (hit and run, only forward and rear fire arcs, missiles, and they are very fast). I dropped my Vipers and basically just ran and forced them to chase me. The maps don't seem to have any limits so it really is like a space battle where you can just keep going. My Vipers took out both of their squads of raiders and harassed them as they chased me. By using boost, my fire arcs, and splitting their team and making them chase me I was able to destroy all 5 ships and two squads of theirs and only lost about 7 of 32 Vipers.That I could do this in the game really made my day. I hate ""strategy games"" that are really just stand there slugfests of who teched up the most efficiently.As you complete more of the storyline, you unlock new tech like unguided/dumbfire missiles, EM missiles that take out other missiles, armor piercing missiles that knock out armor so you can go straight to damaging the ship itself, nukes that you buy one for a ship before each mission (and they often but not always one-shot the enemy ship). There are also heavily armored gunships, ships based missiles that have shorter reloading times and big firing arcs but no fighters, small and large carriers, etc. And you can unlock better fighters like MK II Vipers etc.The story isn't going to win any awards. Maybe there's a big Revan style reveal at the end but I'm only around mission 14 or so. But it's not awful. It's not BSG level but you won't be slapping your head as you are drenched in one scifi cliche after another.Here's what's not obvious and what I think needs to be fixed (it's mostly UI and tips):1.  What hacking does is really hard to figure out at first. It's a red wavy line, so clearly bad, but there's a lot of trial and error associated with how it works. Basically each ship has stats, that can be boosted by officers. Things like Nav, CIC, Fire Control, boost how your ships perform. If the Cylons hack through your firewall, which is only visible while being hacked, they can start to drain and injure a specific system. If they lower your Fire Control you get less accurate and do less damage, if it drops to 0, you can't fire guns or missiles. If Nav gets attacked your agility and speed drop. If it's down to 0 your ship can't move until it's repaired.-The problem is none of this is obvious and none of it is really explained that well anywhere.2.  Firing arcs are super important but are hidden in a sub-menu that's not easily visible during combat. Instead of using all the typical commands on the right side of the screen, you have to click on a ship, hit space, then hit turrets in order to see what ships are in the firing arc of each of your ship This is something that should be a quick key.3.  You can't tell exactly what the stats affect without some serious digging and inferences. I covered most of this above. But when I select an officer for a ship, I have no clue what one with the CIC skill does vs a Tech skill or a Nav. There are little pictures but no explanation beyond +1 to X Skill. Mouse-over tips would revolutionize how accessible this game is.4.  When unlocking or building ships, the differences amongst different ships is FAR from obvious. Stats like DRADUS radius are displayed on almost all of them, but how many guns are on each, what their firing arcs are, isn't known until you build it and use it in combat. There's just a vague sentence or two about what the ship is designed to do, but there's no way to compare their numbers before building them.5.  Postures are super important. Do you go full attack or full defense or something in between? There's a screen that lets you see these but how each factors into combat isn't obvious.6.  The UI  needs some help. It totally nails the BSG feel but there are some usability problems that need to be tweaked a bit. My biggest peave is that END TURN button should not be where the confirm button is for attacks. I've double clicked on confirm attack on accident and started the next round of combat without being finished. While you can save games at any time, there's not an ability to load games from anywhere other than the main menu. There's no quickload or quicksave or autosave that I could see. There's no restart button to immediately replay the battle you're on. Instead you have to exit to main menu, load up the last save game, wait for it to load, then even sometimes load the battle back up from the main console. I've had two ships accidentally collide (and blow up or take serious damage, which is really cool!) but their flight path wasn't highlighted red to indicate a potential collission. Imagine a losing two key ships mid-battle, then having to go through 5 different screens just to restart. Also, the saves don't autosort to most recent. So I have to scroll through 10-12 save games comparing timestamps to see which is the one I want.7.  Fighters don't always seem to do what you want. It'd be nice to have a little more control over what they do. But on the whole they do things very well (if anything Vipers are too overpowered and need to be nerfed). Defending works well for missiles but not always against enemy fighters. The defensive fighters don't seem to do anything that I could figure out how to use at least.8.  There are few obstacles or strategy based on where you are in space. There's no fighting around planets, in asteroid belts or debris fields etc. Most of my battles have been in completely open areas. This is fun for now but limits things long term.9.  The main interface for the battle of the 12 colonies is not well rendered. There are brightness issues where you can't see where you're FTL jumps are going. Some planets are so close together on the map that you can't tell if your ships are in orbit around the left planet or the right. Imagine jumping in ready to destroy the Cylons only to realize you clicked on the wrong planet.10.  This is my biggest complaint. There's no way to tell the strength or makeup (or even location on the battlemap) of the Cylon force. So you enter into a battle, position your ships, then once you've done that you find out where the enemies are located. Then once you close distance to within DRADUS or your fighters get there, you see what the actual ship is. It could be basetar or a cargo ship.Overall though, a great game that is fun now and has a lot of potential for the future! Definitely worth $40!"
,Recommended,544610,34648503,Posted: 31 August,all,EsvaGames,"So, put about 2 hrs into this game and...I'm impressed.it has everything you would expect from a game within the genre and gives you that Wow factor that you get from watching the reimagined series. Unlike a traditional RTS like Command & Conquer, Star Trek Armada or even Star Wars Empire at War it adds a little something extra that requires some forward thinking. it gets very strategic and tactical at times and it sucks you right in.For those that play the table top Star Wars X-Wing by Fantasy Flight Games, you will really enjoy this as it follows a lot of the same game mechanics, but in the BSG Style.The cost .... wait for a sale, unless your a BIG and I mean BIIIG BSG fan who loves RTS games, you could wait for this to come down in price a little. The story is good and ties in nicely with the series, and will have you in a lot of those ""Oh yeah! I remember that!"" kind of moment especially when it comes to the feature film of Blood & Chrome... (Guestimating this takes place a few years before that)The long and short of it is, it's a solid game for what it is, not super graphics heavy but looks good enough, an interesting and intriguing combat mechanic table top players will love and a great way to waste a few hours.Get it now if your a big fan!, if not...wait a little while till the price drops"
76561198037806969,Recommended,544610,34656062,Posted: 1 September,all,helo,As far as launches go there could have been worse. A couple of minor bugs in a game that is computationally  very taxing. There was a lot more room for error. I would like a couple of things explained in regards to multiplayer (Mostly how it works....) and once the bugs are resolved I think we are going to have a damn good addition to the bsg universe.That being said if you are not a bsg nerd I am gonna say hold off. The nostalgia alone is enough to make me grin like I am five. There are however a number of issues that need to be solved before I would call this game fully finished. It was good enough to launch but now they gotta finish strong. Also good luck to that dev team hope you guys got some rest! =PFor the record you guys are sitting at like 51% on approval for me. Avoid community mishaps and keep updating your game. Put love into this genre and game and youll have a loyal fan for a long time to come.
,Recommended,544610,34694005,Posted: 2 September,all,Daedalus,"If you are a fan of BSG, then this is a game that you will probably purchase, and you should do so. It is a fun simulator, and does not pull many punches. I have seen small units pull off the impossible, and large fleets be obliterated in short order. In other words, just like BSG, or war in general.After 10 hours, the game is a bit repetitive, and lacks excitement. But, simulator games are often all about the grind. My favorite part? The replays. They are frackin' awesome. All you lack is some voiceovers and closeups of primary actors and it looks like an episode of BSG. Very cool feture."
76561198086850117,Recommended,544610,34688953,Posted: 2 September,all,LMAOten AKA SpartanS034,Feels like an authentic BSG game.
76561198000186420,Recommended,544610,34745322,Posted: 4 September,all,Danger Face,"Overview:The game is a campaign to regain miliatry control over 12 colonies across 4 different systems. You take turns manuvering your different fleets across the map, attempting to fortify your colonies to increase your income, allowing you to increase the size of your fleet.TLDR: Fun game with some quirky interface decisions. Could use some more polish.The Good:While I was at first dismissive of the enemies I was facing, when I started moving through the missions and increasing my tech level, the game difficulty level drastically changed. At first I had everything under control, but now I am under constant pressure to keep the Cylons at bay. I often feel out-maneuvered, out-supplied, and out-gunned, which makes every victory more rewardings.While at first I used to win every battle with ease, as your tech level advances it is hard to keep your older fleets armed well enough to fight. You can try and bring them back home to be reinforced, or bring the reinforcements to them, but they are likely to get intercepted and destroyed on the way. Often I am forced to cobble fleets together from the tattered remnants of others.It isn't hard for you to beat the AI in a straight fight. In the later stages of the game, if your force meets an equivalent Cylon force, you are pretty much guarenteed victory. Each time you go in though, you'll be wondering how many of your ships it is going to cost you to come out the other side. And you can't produce that many ships that quickly.Overall, very good feel for the game.The Bad:$40 might be pushing what this game is worth. There are a significant number of oversights as far as the command interface goes. The game takes a while to get going - early missions are too easy and repetitive."
,Recommended,544610,34743934,Posted: 4 September,all,Bronzite,"I was able to crash through the main campaign on medium difficulty in 9.2 hours over 4 days.  The strategic game is fairly straight-forward; each colony has an opinion of you and how good a job you're doing holding of the Cylon threat, and they provide you with resources accordingly.  The bulk of the game is clearly intended to be the randomly-generated missions that occur during the campaign, but I found I only ran 3-4 random missions, and was always in a position to take the story missions as soon as they appeared.  The campaign was short, but the tactical combat captured the ""feel"" of a Battlestar Galactica space battle.  Overall a solidly put together game."
76561197979005320,Recommended,544610,34678070,Posted: 1 September,all,Grimnir,Theres a button that says Launch Vipers....thats all I've ever wanted 10/10
,Recommended,544610,34691941,Posted: 2 September,all,elight,Great game. Though the UI desperately needs hotkeys. The game requires entirely too many mouse clicks!
,Recommended,544610,34668958,Posted: 1 September,all,Gutsquisher,"Rammed one of my own ships. Rammed an enemy ship. And an asteroid. Any game that lets me do that gets a thumbs up from me.Excellent rendition of BSG combat, lots of tactical options, enough strategic elements to provide operational flexibility."
76561198006193113,Recommended,544610,34670688,Posted: 1 September,all,jamesfed,"An absolutely EPIC game for BSG fans!I love the music and most of all the comeback of turn based strategy with so many elements to it - direction/speed of ships, weapons arcs, who to target, who to fire missiles against, who to direct your vipers to defend/attack and so much more!).I’ve seen a fair number of reviews saying the price is too high; I would agree, a £25 game max (£29.00 at time of review), improvements in graphics (like right now ships just explode when their hull goes down to 0, I would rather see chunks flying off and real damage as the battle goes on) would be an easy win to get the return on investment up.Only a few hours into the game but I already feel like it’s going to be a good game with plenty of time used up in the future."
76561198075917042,Recommended,544610,34654568,Posted: 1 September,all,latias_red,"I've been waiting for a fun, engaging, and well told story from the Battlestar Galactica universe for years now. I can happily say that SlitherineGames has made my wish come true. I installed the game on my 5 year old PC and other than having to turn my grafics settings to medium (And the game is still increadible beatuful on that setting) I have had no issues. In a time when all to often, buggy, broken, and unplayable games are released regularly. It was refreshing to get a game I have only now (some 12 hours later) that I've taken a break to just stop for a moment and share my appreciation of this masterpiece. If you love Battlestar Galactica, Turn Based Combat simulations, or Spaceship Fighting Games, then Deadlock is a game worth the cost. It was worth the money I put down for it and then some. I'm not even half way through the story missions yet, and have not yet had a chance to try what I'm sure will be stllar skirmish battles. It's been a long time since I've been able to say ""Yes this is Absolutely worth buying"" on the first day a game has been released. Again thanks to Black Lab Games and SlitherineGames, even with it running like a dream, I might go invest in a new Graphics Card just so I can see this game in all it's glory on the highest graphics settings."
,Recommended,544610,34667045,Posted: 1 September,all,JFcavedweller,"This is the game I was waiting for, before hearing about its development. The mechanics are awesome, and the story is not bad. The overuse of surnames seen in TRS is distracting, but that doesn't detract from the game. I like that it doesn't rush you through the campaign and prevent you from building up your fleets like some other similar games.30 hour update: the story does lose some of its potential toward the end. I'm also a little disappointed  that there is almost no opportunity to utilize the jupiter class at the end. Also, I found it difficult to add more fleets later in the campaign, due to not being able to hold enough ships to resist the powerful cylon fleets. I still stand by the observation that the gameplay is fantastic. The game focuses on the gameplay, not so much the story or the voice acting. I'm starting my second playthrough with higher difficulty."
,Recommended,544610,34673291,Posted: 1 September,all,GrandMoffColley,I am ~5 hours into the game and am extremely happy with this purchase!  I do agree that 29.99 USD would have been a more comfortable price for the depth of the game.  The difficulty levels are decently spaced and can offer a challenge.  I do wish there were a few more functions available as hot keys because I get annoyed having to go in and out of ship settings to launch missiles etc.I like the game and recommend it.
76561198035769525,Recommended,544610,34667127,Posted: 1 September,all,Opos,Best Fleet based game ever made. I hate most fleet statagy games especially with modern or wooden ships because primarly the interface. This game fixs almost every single problem I have had with those games.
,Recommended,544610,34672507,Posted: 1 September,all,Terz,"Awesome game. If you liked XCOM, this is the same, albeit set in the BSG universe. Got the game about six minutes after it was released, and I've already played 18 hours."
76561198289139980,Recommended,544610,34679354,Posted: 2 September,all,xponent,"I’m writing this early impression review, as a lover of the show, both new and old. I think overall, this game captures the aesthetic, excitement, and the rush, that the Battlestar Galactica series’ battles feel like. I’m not writing this to explain the game on an in-depth level regarding its implementations of balancing, AI, flow of campaign story, ext.The, absolutely-beautiful music, fast, strategic engagements, with a quick fall-back to repair and or reposition, or just unload the flack in the hopes you can last long enough up close to kill all the fraking toasters, will have you dreaming of Starbuck again tonight, or maybe Number Six (and yes, I’m aware that this was not their war yet, but let me live a little!!). “What about the feel of the missiles?” this game has done an incredible job of capturing the visual impact missiles had during the show; remember how cool they looked? Me too!Surprisingly enough, one of my favorite features of the game thus far, is replay. The game takes your turn-based gameplay, and turns it into something that will have you coming back for another battle, just to watch its replay afterwards. Replays are filled with all the cinematic excitement from the franchise; the camera darts around, slightly zooming in, and quickly back out again. Oh, and yes, the mounted Viper cameras are there. I’ve never been turned-on by a game’s replay feature before, this is a first.I can honestly recommend this game for people who love both turn-based strategic combat, and Battlestar Galactica. So say we all."
76561198051973558,Recommended,544610,35367804,Posted: 1 October,all,Darklion118,"I have always loved the designs of the ships from the BSG series and being able to play them in fluid gameplay is amazing. The attention to detail is great, the ships look better than ever, and space doesnt feel like a 2d chess board."
76561198122338058,Recommended,544610,34901153,Posted: 12 September,all,PowerUnderwhelming,"To take the good stuff first: the space combat is very satisfying both to play and to watch (replays in-game are available), every single ship class fills a distinct role in your fleet which leads to a lot of tactical variation, the game has an interesting but not overly complex economic system (this isn't Civilization after all) where you have to provide fleets for security to different worlds so they keep the money flowing, good voice acting in the small but well-written story that feels BSG thanks to characters' conflicting morals and motivations and the ever-important political element.Then to the bad stuff, and there are a pair of glaring issues with this game that you need to be aware of. There are some other minor things but I won't nit-pick too much. The first thing is that In space combat all ships have armour facings that need to be destroyed before the ship takes damage to its HP: left, right, top, bottom, front, rear. This system doesn't work however, because even if I'm presenting a near-as-damnit flat broadside to enemy gunfire they can still hit my ships' destroyed front facing and do HP damage, while my right-side armour remains undamaged, which makes the armour facing system largely pointless. The second, and biggest issue is that whenever you jump a fleet onto any sort of story mission, be it a side mission to rescue a freighter or a main story mission, the game doesn't tell you the odds you're up against. You're only ever told the odds when a roving enemy fleet jumps and attacks your fleet and you get the option to run away; never with story missions, and I've lost several fights when I jumped into one with the biggest fleet I had and found the enemy had a fleet twice as large and they wiped me out.Do I still reccomend the game? Yes, but very hesitantly That issue with jumping in blind puts a very ugly tarnish on an otherwise very good game and they better fix it, but it is only -almost- a deal-breaker for me, because you can at least get past this problem partially by save-scumming."
76561198198800333,Recommended,544610,34660495,Posted: 1 September,all,charonsfare,If you love BSG get it! If you love fleet strategy get it! Great game and loads of fun
,Recommended,544610,34660193,Posted: 1 September,all,Southside Sneans Superstore,Worth the purchase for any BSG fan
,Recommended,544610,34898522,Posted: 12 September,all,Flak,"Have enjoyed playing it so far, hope it gets more content in the near future."
76561197971443082,Not Recommended,544610,34822744,Posted: 8 September,all,DAVID,"The game is effectively in BETA. There are many corner cases that just cause frustration (or free stuff). Two examples:1) mission failure will give you a option to 'retry'  - but not to 'loose' and bring in another fleet.2) After mission 4, enemy attacks are SO INFREQUENT that you can 'end turn' for as long as you want and rack up the credits.The overall feel is tedious with no payoff and feels more like something I would have suffered through 15 years ago. In addition there is no significant variety in the gameplay.It's difficult to imagine games like DEADLOCK and EVE ONLINE existing in the same 5 year window."
,Recommended,544610,34819958,Posted: 8 September,all,agent4531,"this game has a lot of potential, there are a lot of crashes, in the 4 hours i've played, i've gotten 4 crashes, i love concept of the game, but I would love to play the game longer without crashing (or just not crashing at all ;) )8.5 / 10made 9/8/2017"
76561198005934844,Recommended,544610,34818212,Posted: 8 September,all,Jr Ryndog,This game brings me enjoyment.
76561198353837275,Recommended,544610,34701154,Posted: 2 September,all,Jaxs1016,BSG = Best Strategy Game :)
76561198104361493,Recommended,544610,34701692,Posted: 2 September,all,Viperpilot,"9.8/10 I LOVE THIS GAME!!! It is fun, addicting and I would reccomened it to anyone. It feels like it is acually BSG and the ships feel like they belong in the Universe. I gave it a 9.8/10 because A. The campaign needs to be longer (not saying it isn't already long..) and B. The UI needs to be a little died down and not so... for lack of a better work clunky and big. But beyond that it is a fantastic game and it is very fun. Once again I would reccommend it to anyone.P.S. Slithrene if you read this please Cylon Campaign DLC.. PLEASE!!"
,Not Recommended,544610,34674352,Posted: 1 September,all,RoraBora93,"Not in its current state. As a very avid BSG fan (both classic and Galactica) I've been longing for a game like this for ages but the issue I have is the simplicity of design. It feels more like an iPhone game to me than an actual full rollout PC platform. I love the idea, just not this game. So sadly, I can't recomend this game to anyone in its current state. so say we all..."
76561198012754201,Not Recommended,544610,34983423,Posted: 15 September,all,laxi2610,"Too short, too simple.  Basic gameplay and repetitive.  Kinda hoping for a good mod but skip until it´s on sale.  This is one of those grab a quick game when you´ve got nothing better to do..."
,Recommended,544610,34762724,Posted: 5 September,all,Starwarsgeek28,"Its a damn good tactics game and a very good BSG game.Its not perfect, the strategy layer in the campaign could be improved asweel as needing more skirmish options.I was not a fan of the 7 ship limit imposed on fleets or the point limit in skirmish mode.Id say if your happy with the gameplay youve seen, give it a buy even at 40 bucksIF not I recomend you put it on your wish list and keep an eye on it."
76561197990325823,Not Recommended,544610,34919713,Posted: 13 September,all,Miyamoto Musashi,"You want Galactica ships and feeling? not with this one made by Australians.The only ships from the TV-show are the Galactica/Jupiter ships which you get nearly end of story, too late. The other ship is the Basestar from the classic TV and thats it, all other ships are their own design.For the moment its just a thin story, no real co-op for Multiplayer, a lag of inovation and work, just a typical game with mind & heartless concept for too much money. I can start to list up a lot of parts which arnt in the game and those which are jsut bad and rubbish.Trying to bind Players with typical Graphics, which are console type, good/normal/better/high, like this.No Lobby so far in Multiplayer, have to use a separat program or stuff, they use..product placement or so i guess.Fighters and Raptors arnt like in the Show. Even the gun-outfit of the Galactica isnt like the real one of the shows.You will have Fanboys here like everywhere else but those are under 30 and have less or minor 4x exp. or prefer a simpel minded game, O.K. I love Mario Bros but this here isnt any close to be a classic any time.No Goal to achieve in the campaign no Cylons Planet to conquer or anything, just having a fleet over 1 of the colonies, then a random cylon fleet spawn in and kick ur but until you notice the best way to win is AUTOSOLVE...no 4x or 3x or even 2x game type, the concept of the campaign story is flat as a board and the Multiplayer is the typical 1vs1 or 2vs2 PvP or PvE without missions or campaign elements, just kill enemy and finish.In the state the game is right now, I can't recommend it unless you get it for 10€ or less.edit: NO MOD or WORKSHOP SUPPORT"
76561198033662924,Recommended,544610,34744733,Posted: 4 September,all,Spaceman,"In a word: splendid. A throwback to Star Wars RTS games of the past, such as Rebellion, taking the best they had and combining it, while throwing out the frills. Very remeniscent of Rebellion actually, but nowhere near as complicated. Many aspects of this game could have been much more complicated, but they aren't, while nothing is oversimplified either. As turn-based RTS games go, this one is up there. If you like BSG, and you like RTS, you're in for a real treat. Hell, you might just like it without being into either."
76561198072602140,Not Recommended,544610,34961968,Posted: 14 September,all,Multipass,The game is fun but feels a little empty for the price. Maybe pick it up on sale. Sadly in a couple months you'll likely forget about this game as it comes across as more of a cash in on the name title for the developent than the BSG strategy game we all would like. Still if you're a BSG fan you'll get atleast 20-30 hours out of this just dont get your hopes up.
76561197963920998,Not Recommended,544610,35055166,Posted: 18 September,all,General Zod[OG],Too much repitirion every single time combat starts.  Way too grindy for a single player experience.  Wait for a sale if your a fan of the Battlestar IP and really feel the need.UI needs a fair bit of work before this game is streamlined into something that resembles fun instead of.. well.. this.
76561198034535950,Recommended,544610,34925623,Posted: 13 September,all,george-k,A very impressive BSG strategy game
76561198006524973,Recommended,544610,34736412,Posted: 4 September,all,escook0807,"very impressed, and very well written. Don't need to be a fan of BSG but it definitely helps! Loved all the shows and now love the game. Thsnk you for finally making one worth playing!"
,Recommended,544610,34732031,Posted: 4 September,all,[FROG] TheRaiinboW,"TO be honest, I've played BSGO for 7 years, and when I saw that game, oh boi I was like a lil kid going to an amusement park. There's is 1 word to describe how that game is, it's ""perfect""."
76561198007126870,Recommended,544610,34923514,Posted: 13 September,all,[tR]Sage,"This game is a 100% a buy if you like Battlestar or are a fan of science fiction. It has its issues but it makes up for it in Gameplay, the story, and Soundtrack. They really just need to fix the UI."
76561198134929496,Recommended,544610,34668256,Posted: 1 September,all,hellhound_1Z,Hello I just like to say WOW the devlopers out did them selfs on the relic TV show BG with this game.It really reminds me of the table top game as well.PROS - Graphics 9/10Game play 9/10Music & Sound 9/10Tutorial 10/10Game control 8/10Cons - Voice acting Hmm/10Sound @ a distamce not good/10 - Great up closeAll in all you will not be disapointed with this one !! Just throw money :)My # of game reviews 2/ NONE :)Enjoy !!
76561198001683248,Recommended,544610,34679393,Posted: 2 September,all,azeron the mad clown,the reply after each fight reminds me of the show. specially when random ships jump in and the camera focus in on them.
76561197970918259,Recommended,544610,34662525,Posted: 1 September,all,Rampart,It's fraking good.Now all we need is this game but for Star Wars and Star Trek and all the other universes where we want to see capital ship combat and it would be perfect.
,Recommended,544610,34912776,Posted: 12 September,all,BoBoZoBo,"Very fun game, but limited. 4/5Has some really cool gameplay mechanics, technical acheivements (replay cam is fantastic), great visuals and great audio, However, as others have noted, there is some depth and polish that keep it from becoming truly fantastic. The UX needs some serious rethought as some actions are tedious, and I would expect more content, more documentation, and fewer bugs for the $40 price-range. It is otherwise well produced and does it's job at satisfying a BSG itch.Would really love to see it expanded; it has legs, but has some work at being a great game.."
76561198224453956,Recommended,544610,35044965,Posted: 18 September,all,Rambo,good but performance issues need to be fixed
76561197992794633,Recommended,544610,35195199,Posted: 24 September,all,enderx2,"Pretty fun game, although the story is pretty stupid with some idiotic characters. why couldnt they make it following the orignal Battlestar Galactica storyline instead of the overly dramatic remake version?"
,Recommended,544610,35072006,Posted: 19 September,all,togo002,"Amazing gameplay, good visuals and very entertaining for people who like turn based strategy games. It stalls from time to time though but that can be worked out it future patches. Overall its a really good buy, I'm very pleased with this purchase."
76561198009666216,Recommended,544610,34700427,Posted: 2 September,all,meekmatt,Great game to kill time like that I can fight a battle then run do something and come right back and nor have to stay in my seat all the time happy also that I can play it on my older computer
76561198026247966,Recommended,544610,34698567,Posted: 2 September,all,Keromor,"Hello Everyone,I have been a Fan of BSG since the original, I loved the reboot and I was Excited about the game.The game has just been released and it is well designed.Ships move and act like they should, Tactics are required to ensure a success.I hope to see updates and new DLC to expand on the game.I recommend this game to any fan of the genre.Good FrakingKeromor"
76561197973492002,Recommended,544610,34710341,Posted: 3 September,all,Panda,If you are a fan of strategy and battlestar galactica you will enjoy this game. The controls are abit different to other strategy games but you get use to it.
,Recommended,544610,34693656,Posted: 2 September,all,Bill Adama,Buy the game to support the War-effort against the Toasters !I love it since the Release already 10 h straight into the game. It is very challenging and beautiful to look at! I hope for expanding of the Campaign mode or something like Galactic conquest.One thing that needs a change is the Fleet limit at 8000 it has to be raised to something like 20.000 !As a fan of the Universe buy the game for the Support of this world because this is the first BSG game that i enjoy and it doesn´t feel like a bad cash in from the corporate!BSG Deadlock i love it!SO SAY WE ALL!!
76561197982800561,Recommended,544610,34850097,Posted: 9 September,all,Captain_Cynical,I barely recommend this game.  The game is a mix of Tactical and Strategy game-play.  The Space Battles are completed via turn-based movement in which the player has to arrange their fleet to best defeat the enemy.  The tactical component is actually pretty good.  The problem with the game is the Strategic level of the game.  You have to jump from system to system (there are essentially 4) trying to put out fires.  The strategic interface is very limited and generally detracts from the game.  The game provides around 20 hours of game-play to beat the campaign.Strengths:- Tactical Space Combat- MusicWeaknesses:- Strategic level interface/design- Cost ($44 on 9 Sep 2017)I'd recommend waiting until the price drops to $20 or less.
76561198014611754,Recommended,544610,34651494,Posted: 31 August,all,Donutz,"Awesome, needs some polishing with small details but overall it runs well and the battles both in campaign and skirmish are fun and can be difficult and require you to think out of the box."
76561197974997337,Recommended,544610,34714783,Posted: 3 September,all,Suntzu,"Have only been playing this game around 2 hours so far so my feedback may be updated later on,.I've seen a few people complain that this is turn based rather than real time however I think this was the right way to go, real time wouldn't suit the dynamic of capital ship combat and would make the game lose some of it's feel.The game reminds me of Xcom a little bit as well with regards to the colony system, like in Xcom you need to keep as many governments happy so they'll fund your fleet, sometimes you'll ignore areas that give you less resources in order to protect higher funding sectors, also like Xcom if you lose too many supporters the game is over."
76561198067574377,Recommended,544610,35018185,Posted: 17 September,all,Commander Teizan,"Combat is rather simplistic and battles end quickly. Explosions have a low framerate, and Squadrons are seemingly barely supported.But Autocam Replays and the Soundtrack make up for almost everything else."
76561197996315563,Recommended,544610,34806745,Posted: 7 September,all,j2phantom,"As always, pros and cons are personal preference and may differ by player.For list of what is good about the game, I definitely recommend to actually play the game.There are much to be found as a game player.I would give my two cents about what I wasn't so thrilled about this game.Game play pace is much slower than anticipated.Progress is so slow, sometimes I wonder what it would take to expand overall game play.Between mission play on overall map could use more variety.While mission is running on play, it feels close to modern space game, but between mission feels like rigid 3D cartoon.3D mission map opens interesting possibility in formations, but ship's limited movements and ship types restricts scale of formation to minimum.Game having very few ship and ammo types is limiting ship stat scaling as well.I wouldn't want a capital ship standing against large fleet of basic ship, but it should be able to take on 3-4 basic ships in essence.Add insult to injury, ship hull and armor are too dense for available fire power options.It feels as if limited ammo types make the play bit mundane at times due to need for tight formation to dish out damage.A lot of straight run to your death play by AI is bit weird and could use basic military formation to make experience more authentic and open new possibility for actual counter formations.As result, prolonging combat will likely ensure losing ship or two at least, while powering through one at a time does much better than strategic play.As per top of my wish list is something that would expand game to be more strategic.While I can see why limited movement is desired on grand scale to ensure play doesn't get ridiculously large, I do desire movement boost mode would cover at least 50% additional distance if not more.Turn ratio and elevation could use at least 50% boost and higher depreciation for ship size.Adding multi-level to movement boost and multi-level turn ratio/elevation boost mode is highly desired to add another layer of tactics for both player and AI.I can go on and on about my wish list, but game is what it is currently.It's definitely fun game to play.Overall very satisfying game, but as always there's room for player's greed."
76561198059242849,Recommended,544610,35030816,Posted: 17 September,all,rpmcnee,"cons: the UI and quite repetitive. game becomes more fun when you finally upgrade to nukes. needs combat speed control. i dont think this game is worth $40. $20 maybe. UI needs some work because of the repetition: set fleet vipers, icons to see which ships have nukes, etc.pros: very good battlestar type battles."
,Recommended,544610,34649633,Posted: 31 August,all,Jackrabbit_V6,"So far, so nice. Gotta admit, i´m a huge BSG fan in general, so i welcome any game in that universe. And, since i´m also a dedicated tabletop player, i also love round based tactic games on PC... This game is what i needed.The combat is nicely done, pretty challenging, at least for a mediocre tactition as i am. But it´s worth the struggle, the cinematic replays are satisfying at the end... to me they are a good motivator for playing better :DThe soundtrack, no doubt, is AWESOME. It´s perfectly resembling the ambience of the show, together with the camera which often reminds of said show as well, perfect match. Nice work on the ambience side, guys :)The campaign seems to be pretty interesting, although i´m not that far in yet. unlocking and upgrading stuff is always good. The strategy part with protecting and supporting the colonies seems to be a good addition, too. Haven´t seen much of it, either, but i´ve got a good idea how that goes i guess :)All in all this game gets a fat thumb up."
,Recommended,544610,34647035,Posted: 31 August,all,IronClad1o9,"Hello all!Just purchased the game and fell in love it with it! It utilizes a very unique approach when it comes to combat who h I found very refreshing! It's turned based battles but the turns don't take away from the immersion Factor!I will have to say... 10/10! I had a great experience and it's very challenging unless you have a good understanding of your own ships, how utilize formations and tactics.As for those BS Galactica fans out there.... buy this now for it will fuel your desire to commit toaster genocide!"
76561198052236689,Recommended,544610,34707640,Posted: 3 September,all,Pennijiro,"A lovely game for BSG fans whose simple interface someqhat reminds me of Star Wars Rebellion. Not necessarily a bad thing! I still find it rather engaging and what really hyped me was the replay feature, which lets you experience the battle using a screenplay like that of the TV show. Awesome!"
76561198214393927,Not Recommended,544610,35024657,Posted: 17 September,all,Hastelow,"I was excited to see this game, but was left with disappointment. The graphics are good, but game play lacks a thought out interface. heres an exapmple : when in battle mode, the ok button is in the same spot as the end turn, why? what made sense about putting it there? yet another annoying thing is you can't select multipule units to give them the same order, nope you have to click on each unit; careful because if you miss click you may not select the unit and think you did and hit end turn. the audio was crap, half the time when it played it was broken up so badly you could really hear what was being said. This is a space battle sim, that dosen't include ship orientation, other than a predertermimed plane,and you only get 7 ships no wonder the Colonials lost. other aspects of the game such as the game board become cluttered.my overall oppinon of this game is wait until the price drops to 9.99, any other price is a rip off, 39.99 is way to much to ask for this ball of crap."
76561197977085076,Not Recommended,544610,35036422,Posted: 17 September,all,Yamroo,"Against my better judgement, after playing its predecessor Starhammer, I bought BSG:L.Have tried to get into it several tiems, but it is rather boring.  On paper this should be the perect game for me.  But there is not enough in the tactical options to make battles merit being turn-based, which totally bogs down the gameplay.  Should have made it pausable real time.I am sure I will keep trying, but I am giving this a ""not recommend unless on-sale"" for now."
,Recommended,544610,34723308,Posted: 3 September,all,NuTtYjAwA,"Wow! What a game, ever since watching the show all those years ago have I been waiting for something like this, simply great!"
76561198003534491,Recommended,544610,34738315,Posted: 4 September,all,InsAn0PaNtS,Outstanding!
76561198012036936,Recommended,544610,34651824,Posted: 31 August,all,Necrozis,"so far the game is amazing , far exceeds my hopes for a BSG franchise game"
76561198089355180,Recommended,544610,35058035,Posted: 18 September,all,SpaceBones,"StarBuck, What da'ya hear?"
76561197996803849,Recommended,544610,35339895,Posted: 30 September,all,Robske,A great game for a battlestar galatica fan.
76561198034396398,Recommended,544610,34826892,Posted: 8 September,all,Evil Doctor Porkchop,"finally a game that breaks away from outdated RTS into turn based combat,the soundtrack is excellent, ship models etc are well done,some backgrounds could use a touch up,however with a better story arc and a bit of polish this game could have been up there with Homeworld (the original)however there's alot of small stuff under the hood that isn't apparent until you've got a couple of hrs...plus you really get that "" big ship slugout ""feeling from this game"
76561198412103338,Recommended,544610,34718474,Posted: 3 September,all,caseyflinn,"Huge fan of the BSG reboot.This is a great addition for fans.Im looking forward to expansion packs, more missions, ships etc."
,Recommended,544610,34650979,Posted: 31 August,all,Xavier I. Agamemnon,"Game is amazing I love it, would like to see more music though"
,Recommended,544610,34668392,Posted: 1 September,all,Maniacal_Ginger,Battlestars - CheckBase stars - CheckToasters - CheckIt's in the frakkin ship!!!! - CHECK!!
76561198186486363,Recommended,544610,35025550,Posted: 17 September,all,Maximusdm18,"Must have for BSG fans, especially if you ever wanted to be Adama."
76561198031302697,Recommended,544610,35036561,Posted: 17 September,all,DieCast95,For a battlestar galactica fan this is such a treat.  Graphics are great and the gameplay is a lot of fun if you like role based strategy.   Downside is I wish the campaign was longer and combat runs are tedious to setup (although the interface is well done).  Overall a good game and would sell a lot faster discounted.
,Recommended,544610,35029424,Posted: 17 September,all,Beast Slayer,"The BSG reboot could easily be considered a seminal acheivment in storytelling... BSG deadlock can be debateably called  a good game.For people who want sci fi or stragey, it is purely fun to just play around with ships from this universe, and the strategy is deep enough that there is something of a challange without requiring spreadhsheets. Also, the graphics and camera work from the recap cameras is REALLY good, it seems that is where they put a lot of the love into.The only things that really kneecap this and leave Homeworld confident that it will retain its crown in the 3D space strategy is quite simply, the UI is an objective mess. It's hard to handle, counter intuitve, verbose in places it shouldn't be and maddingly vague in other places. If this thing was in real time... it would be utterly unplayable. But since it is turn based its only an annoyance.Regardless, will recomend, just could the developors PLEASE fix the UI... it's a damn shame to see such good work in every other aspect get held back by such a simple mistake."
76561198008633658,Recommended,544610,34717618,Posted: 3 September,all,sparkyhaloj,On Mission Four and love every minute of this game. Love the Strategy and fleet building aspects.
76561197983147645,Not Recommended,544610,34681919,Posted: 2 September,all,Scourge,"Love BSG. Thought this game was very rough around the edges and overly simply. This would have been much better if it was RTS rather then turn based.  Maybe worth £15, definitely not £29.99.I think I'll just stick with Homeworld 2 and the mods."
76561198007295020,Not Recommended,544610,34844983,Posted: 9 September,all,wm.j.olson,"I would like to like this game, but...It's basically issued as a beta, not exactly an EA game, but with the idea that player input will improve the game, provided the developers listen to player reactions.  It is clear, however, that the developers, from an established company rather than independents, already have their ideas in mind and are not really interested in actually listening.  Thus they shut down legitimatie criticism for being uncivil, which they decide.  In this case, it means don't criticize.  And the game in its present state has real problems with balance, concept, execution, and the above mentioned unwillingness to respond except to say that's the way it is.  Perhaps it will imrove, but until then buy it if you are prepared to be disappointed."
,Recommended,544610,34746175,Posted: 4 September,all,Razors Edge,"Huge BG fan!  So far ive finished the first four campains, and this game is worth every penny.   I love the video replay of the combat missions.   The control over units, research, politics is fantastic.   A+"
,Recommended,544610,34648688,Posted: 31 August,all,BoromiRofGeo,"Seized by God, they cry for succour in the dark of the light. Mists of dreams dribble on the nascent echo and love no more. Jump.Counting down. All functions nominal. All functions optimal. Counting down. The center holds. The falcon hears the falconer. Infrastructure, check. Wetware, check. Everyone hang on to the life bar, please.Apotheosis was the beginning before the beginning. Devices on alert. Observe the procedures of a general alert. The base and the pinnacle. The flower inside the fruit that is both its parent and its child. Decadent as ancestors. The portal and that which passes.Nuclear devices activated, and the machine keeps pushing time through the cogs, like paste into strings into paste again, and only the machine keeps using time to make time to make time.And when the machine stops, time was an illusion that we created free will. Twelve battles, three stars, and yet we are countless as the bodies in which we dwell, are both parent and infinite children in perfect copies. No degradation.The makers of the makers fall before the child. Accessing defense system. Handshake, handshake. Second level clear.Accepting scan. Love outlasts death.Their ships fail. Skittering like skipped stones. Meaningless in the absence of time. What never was is never again.Progress reports arriving. The farms of Aerolon are burning. The beaches of Canceron are burning. The plains of Leonis are burning. The jungles of Scorpia are burning. The pastures of Tauron are burning. The harbors of Picon are burning. The cities of Caprica are burning. The oceans of Aquaria are burning. The courthouses of Libran are burning. The forests of Virgon are burning. The Colonies of Man lie trampled at our feet."
76561198017083877,Recommended,544610,34765201,Posted: 5 September,all,Hideous,Pretty fun
76561198009260542,Recommended,544610,34724404,Posted: 3 September,all,Mister_Wolfe,"Overall 9/10 and a must buy for any BSG fan.Game mechanics are simple, somewhat intuitive and the struggle feels real, game economics make every lost ship or officer hurt and it is quite possible for your losses to spiral out of control and dissolve the Quorum or be forced into a last-ditch fight where your shipyard is lost due to overwhelming enemy forces. And some missions you just can't win, I like that.That said, there are several bugs and game mechanics that need tweaking, still feels like Beta was rushed.Bugs:Enemy capital ships occasionally dead-stop in space for no reason.Second campaign at Admiral level with tutorials off wouldn't create some space lanes, leaving Helios Delta completely cut off from the rest of the system.Ship names do not stick when changed while under construction. New name is generated when ship is complete.Mechanics:Vipers are too OP and Raiders are too squishy at all difficulty levels.Navigation subsystems shouldn't stop your ship when hacked down to zero, lack of maneuverability is fine, but ship should still drift at momentum, even if decaying.Squadrons are too small, I can understand an Adamant only having 10 or 8 fighters on board, but a Battlestar which in universe can field between 120-160 vipers, plus Raptors should have larger squadrons to make the game feel more immersive. so should a Basestar. personally I would love to have the feel of 40 Vipers trying to hold off multiple waves of cylon raiders that outnumber them 4 to 1.Hopefully the devs will incorporate that into a follow-up game set later in the First War timeline."
76561198058720763,Recommended,544610,34725168,Posted: 3 September,all,sean.david,8/10 Good game does get repetitve but nothing is better than ramming your Galactica straight into a cylon base star.
76561197987123384,Not Recommended,544610,34746503,Posted: 4 September,all,chris.hill87,feel it was over priced for what it is
76561198007457380,Not Recommended,544610,34803196,Posted: 7 September,all,Ooo_Get_You!,"This is not fun.EDIT: Buyers beware that the developers of this game will harass you if you post a negative review. Such behaviour is deeply unacceptable. The comment was rude and sent at 3:34am - I note the dev lives in London. Late night, no doubt drunk,a dev sends abuse to a customer. This is disgraceful."
,Not Recommended,544610,34870520,Posted: 10 September,all,UWE.Marc,"Most boring turn based game I have ever played, huge disappointment.From the initial hype trailer I was expecting proper flight control and exceptional graphics.Misleading advertising campaign reveals medium quality graphics, a lack of excitement and really deflated storytelling."
76561198005243906,Not Recommended,544610,34689596,Posted: 2 September,all,Raptor270,I can't reccomend this game not unless your the type of player that enjoys fighting the UI more than the NPCs
76561198006949774,Recommended,544610,34640546,Posted: 31 August,all,[TFB]Subatomichades,"Great game, thanks guys! ++++"
76561198030746271,Recommended,544610,34769646,Posted: 5 September,all,Tegga21,very good
76561198041624402,Recommended,544610,34771401,Posted: 6 September,all,XIIIPanzerDVGL,Great game!
76561198302074993,Recommended,544610,34765827,Posted: 5 September,all,gtking87,Love the game BUT it freezes in a battle but the game keep going or music and all but i can not see it. HLEP
76561197960556137,Not Recommended,544610,34639105,Posted: 31 August,all,Assassin's Blade,"They recycled a bunch of names and the voice acting is annoying, no feel for a real combat situation. Your ships don't really have that much to them. You don't get experienced crews. The campaign is a boring one-time-you're-done. You can't play an open campaign against an AI.This is just disappointing."
,Not Recommended,544610,34650467,Posted: 31 August,all,swozey,I cannot recommend this right now. I'm playing this on an ultrawide monitor on Ultra settings and the UI is absolutely massive. It feels like I'm playing a mobile game port on my desktop. I played 3 missions which seemed to have a pretty cool plot but moving the ships was a chore - one of the first popups you get is that if your ship yaws too much (goes up/down) the engines will take stress and I believe slow you down. That's awesome. Except the movement mechanism does NOT tell you when your ship is going to fly straight or have yaw! There is nothing that indicates to you that your ship is flying completlely straight. No color indicator or line snapping.The UI though.. I just couldn't get past it. Please release an update with UI scaling and I'll happily give this another go. I love BSG and I love Homeworld.
76561198046404018,Not Recommended,544610,34670670,Posted: 1 September,all,Gutter Snipes,"Such a shame, £30, they haven't even play tested it."
76561198242134962,Recommended,544610,34638343,Posted: 31 August,all,joker,just bought the game but cant progress because the ship blueprint screen doesnt show the side where you have to select the ships . does anyone know how to fix this ?
76561197966537248,Not Recommended,544610,34689172,Posted: 2 September,all,/HDF/Draslin,"This game is pretty low budget and boring.  You think 'hey, I like Homeworld and I like X-Com, so maybe they'll be great together!'.  Do not think this.  The game suffers from all of the weaknesses of both games and none of the strengths.  Save your dollars on this one."
76561198023972473,Not Recommended,544610,34674638,Posted: 1 September,all,Rorrschach,Still needs work.
,Recommended,544610,34638342,Posted: 31 August,all,uberladen,"A fun game, flawed but fun.Some of the AI and movement options defy any common sense. The game will do everything in its power to have your ships ram each other so you need to keep a very close eye on your movement options (which can be strangely limited at times, making certain tactical choices a little hard to execute).The core game itself though is fun."
76561198045769647,Not Recommended,544610,34664316,Posted: 1 September,all,x420xxx420x,"Decent game, but lack of depth and content makes it not worth even close to $40. MAYBE $20 at most. This seems much more of an early acess game that a fully complete one."
,Recommended,544610,34637308,Posted: 31 August,all,fzeo,Recommend? 50:50Playing this game series for the first time and I found it is quite simple and easy to learn. The game is still new so the mechancs is simple. Here is the link of the gameplay for first two missions. Sorry for noob gameplay.https://youtu.be/Y3Ic_7GjC40
,Not Recommended,544610,34707431,Posted: 3 September,all,Graeme1701,You have to be a die hard BSG fan to like this game. Its so slow its like watching paint dry. Seems alittle repetative as well. I am a fan of BSG and kinda enjoy the game but only because its BSG. Lets hope they do a Star Wars & Star Trek version then they can get another £60 out of me.
76561198142268641,Not Recommended,544610,34775736,Posted: 6 September,all,Wylde Cat UK,"This game is so bad that i fell asleep playing it and now i cant get a refund because it shows the game has been running over 2 hours what a waste of £30, Homeworld is a much better game than this which i sometimes play with a Galactica mod."
76561198007239198,Recommended,544610,34652257,Posted: 31 August,all,Greedogre,"well not going to point in-depth mechnism because they are quiet straight forward and sometime lack lusting but back ground music will soon bring you back.--------------------------------above was my intial thoughts of the game----------------------------------------------i hate to said but game at current state is not quiet great, my current campainge is dead due to the poor setting of difficultys, my game stuck on one of the major mission, there are situation require you have have bigger fire power to finished the game, but campiage talbe has limited UI to give you almost nothing in term of information.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------but consider it's price it's not that bad"
,Recommended,544610,34783583,Posted: 6 September,all,gpwnsy,Who would've thought frakking Cylons from behind would be so much fun? Still waiting for a skinjob. 10/10 would frak again
76561197963315984,Recommended,544610,34784192,Posted: 6 September,all,Ben!to,"Hell Yeah !  If you liked the TV-Series you will LOVE this Game. There is nothing more Statisfying then seeing Your Capital Ships fire some Tatical Nuclear Missiles at some Cylon Ships while your Vipers wreck havoc among some Cylon Fighters.Overall the Music, Visuals and Soundeffects really fit, and the Action Cam after a Battle lets you sing into your Chair with an open mouth, rewatching the Destruction you caused.The Campaign Map is not easy to Understand at first, and is kind of ugly (?), further More there should be optical Destruction on Ships as the Armor gets ripped apart. If your undecided, wait until its on sale, for 5-10 bugs less its a rally nice buy.Overall its a solid 7/10. As a fan its 8/10 because of the atmosphere and Music."
,Recommended,544610,34793046,Posted: 7 September,all,Lava1701,"Epic game if you love the show!! If you are a true BSG fan, you need to support this game. We will probably never get a BSG game that's this good ever again!"
76561198005667986,Not Recommended,544610,34773272,Posted: 6 September,all,Ron  Delta One,I like  it but The control mechanic is terrible so I cant recommend it yet.It is more a sim game where you click and things happen  in turns. Not all perfect but good enough if you like simulation and of course are fan of Battlestar Galaxitica.
76561198010304565,Recommended,544610,34792096,Posted: 7 September,all,Ariochaotik,"It's similar to Homeworld, set in the BSG universe, but not quite as deep. As a fan of both BSG, and Homeworld, I really like it."
76561197989046839,Recommended,544610,34795195,Posted: 7 September,all,Gremlin,"Game is still in early version.  Lots of little bugs, nothing that is game breaking.  Fun to play."
,Recommended,544610,34785012,Posted: 6 September,all,Rekkakalevi,"Turnbased space pew pew with capital ships in the BSG-universe.Captures the feel of BSG-series reasonably. In mission replays camera works, sometimes, a bit like it did in the series with those fast zooms and cuts.Graphics are mostly ok, some texture work is a bit iffy at close but nothing too bad and the few cutscenes are not very good looking.Music fits nicely the BSG-theme. Voice acting is horrible.UI is a bit clunky but you'll get used to it pretty quick.Story is whatever during the first Cylon war but still remotely interesting. Ships are different enough to all have some purpose if you want them to but there are ways to cheese it with few ship types too.Few missions can get a bit frustrating where you need to protect things that explode the moment something even looks at them funny.Performance is decent, few strange hiccups but nothing major. Hasn't crashed once for me.Neat little BSG game if you're into such things. Maybe a bit over priced, 20 - 25€ would be more suitable imo."
76561198038994661,Recommended,544610,34806967,Posted: 7 September,all,FeaR,"Good game - worth the money.Would like to see larger fleet caps, as well as a ""galactic mode"" - almost like Star Wars Battlefront 2 - where it was more than a single battle for multiplayer. A longer campaign would be good as well however the length right now is not super short.If you're a BSG fan its worth the money."
,Recommended,544610,34808724,Posted: 7 September,all,Exlord,"It started as fun and exiting, The Simulated Physics based and Turn based(Kind of) battles , The ships, watching your torpedoes fly across the map ..., Ok Graphics ...BUTThe maps, well The only MAP is exactly the same across all battles ... It need more environments, maybe some big asteroids to use as a strategic position ...The AI has no strategy, it does the same thing in every battle, so I stopped Fighting every battle my self and just used the Auto Resolve function which had 100% Win chance for me on every turn.The ships need more customization, maybe even a custom ship designer , kind of like in Stellaris!The blueprints for new ships and guns are to expensive ...We need more gun/ammo types, currently limited to only 3 types of missiles...The positioning in the start of battle is useless since it will take you at least 2 turns to get to the enemy ...In 6th mission (I think), I was suppose to setup an ambush before the enemy arrives, BUT even with fully boosted speed I couldn't even reach the ambush point, yet alone to setup an ambush ...In some side missions you need to save a civilian ship, BUT Its positions too close to the enemy ships that there is no possible way to reach it before the enemy destroys it ..The STORY, well there is none... as far as I can tell .. you are just fighting the cylons and humans(from one of the colonies)The Cut Scenes can't be skipped !!! Its annoying, specially when its not the first time you have to go throw it!The fleets are limited to 7 ships WHY?We need levelup/upgrades and customization for the ships.As you progress and get bigger ships the smaller ones become useless but you can't sell/salvage them(Very low price), would have been nice if we were to be able to upgrade the small ships to big ones or just sell/salvage them for a good price ...Battles are unbalanced ... Long Range Missile boats can easily take out your Battleship before even you can target and attack them !!! And there is no Defense against Missile(Only The big Battleships has Flanck or something which is a partial defense )"
,Recommended,544610,34808659,Posted: 7 September,all,LandoCa|rissian,"Check some video reviews of it, that is the game play.You like BSG? Get it.WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!The devs seem to care about this game, realeasing a fully functional game with their first patch only 8 days after release. The graphics are basic, but the game play is challenging (in a good way).Don't get me wrong, there are a few tweaks needed here and there and better graphics is nice to have, but not necessary.10/10."
76561198262673446,Recommended,544610,34797581,Posted: 7 September,all,avalon2k,"I like turn based strategies game with ""you go"", ""I go"" system.   But after playing BSG: DL, I find that the ""we go"" system is brilliant.  This is my first ""we go"" strategy game.  This is what's been missing with XCOM.  This soundtrack is not Bear Mccreary but it does the job in keeping the BSG atmosphere.  Learning curve is quite straight forward.  I like the movie replay of the whole battle after a successful fight against the cylons.A must play for any gamers who are a fan of BSG."
76561197988240414,Recommended,544610,34857675,Posted: 10 September,all,Jimbob,"The models look great and the combat is more detailed and in-depth than your average RTS, but the campaign is disapointing in detail, pacing and balance. If you like BSG, space-ships or age-of-sail, ship-of-the-line broadside tactics then it's worth a buy. Otherwise, wait for the sale and/or modding support."
76561198027746364,Recommended,544610,34889901,Posted: 11 September,all,Mercneo,Having a lot of fun so far!
76561198020475367,Recommended,544610,34879963,Posted: 11 September,all,vortigin,thought it was fun. the add vid made it to be a bit more. but all in all not to bad. if i had to complane short would be the only one. the cylons did not get agressive till the end when i was only 2 to 3 fights from the end.
76561198007332025,Recommended,544610,34646661,Posted: 31 August,all,mpnesser,Initial impressions are good.  Shame they didnt include mod support though as graphics could use an overhaul right out the gate.
76561198110582247,Recommended,544610,34648334,Posted: 31 August,all,Duncan_Noobs,"Great game overall. I'm not a huge fan of RTS, but I find this game loads of fun.Graphics: 6/10. Looks like a game that was relseased several years ago on a really old engine. On the plus side however, it runs perfectly smooth on ultra settings. And right after release, I have not found any bugs yet, with several hours of gameplay. Pat yourselves on the back devs! It gets a 10/10 in the cinematics department though. The replays are absolutely fantastic!Gameplay: 9/10. Like I said, I haven't played many RTS games, but the level of detail put into the design of this game is great. Nothing ruining the game, nothing insanely out of balance, even if the campaign is a bit on the easy side for normal difficulty.Multiplayer: ?/?. Haven't tried it yet.Overall, I give it a 9/10. Great job Slitherine / Black Lab! Would like to see graphics updated to look prettier though. That's why I didn't give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,544610,34646457,Posted: 31 August,all,Venger10,Great game combat is amazing and the reply after is good (like watching the space battles of battlestar galactica)Oh and dont crash your ships into ships thats a sure fire way of losing them.... like i did doh!
,Recommended,544610,34647762,Posted: 31 August,all,Nox,Easy to pick up hard to master.
,Recommended,544610,34647088,Posted: 31 August,all,Vokovius,"Definitely a fun game. Maybe this was already apparent to some of you, but for those for whom it's not (like me), the concept is like Battlefleet Gothic: Armada, if that game is familiar to you. You have basic resource points such as Tylium which you can spend on ships, or other types of points, which you can use for hiring or promoting officers, or unlocking new blueprints.Combat is turn based, where you make your orders, and the enemy makes theirs and then the orders play out in real time, regardless of new developments. I've had a couple times where an enemy moved in a completly different direction than i planned for, and thus he left my firing arc for my ships.The campaign map is also turn based. You have story missions which advance the plot, side missions which offer resources if you win, and then the enemy can also just make random incursions. The replay feature is really cool, since it lets you watch what happened again in full 360 degree range.The only bugs I see so far is that sometimes when you are doing say, a full frontal assault on a Cylon ship, it not only damages their frontal armor, but curiously also damages their rear a bit too. Nothing else, not the sides, or the top or bottom, just the front and rear. Weird.I'd like to see more of a sandbox option in the future, but other than that, I really dont have any complaints about this game. Definately check it out, even if you arent specifically a fan of the series."
,Recommended,544610,34648502,Posted: 31 August,all,Daegan Jukes,oh. oh i am a fan. so much fan.  ever played xwing table top?  make it battlestar and video game and you get this.  excellent job Black Lab and Slytherin!
,Recommended,544610,34653819,Posted: 1 September,all,Wonko the Sane,So I really like this game so far. It has great strategic depth; a pretty good and highly thematic UI; a good campaign; and a nice polish to everything.
76561197967753431,Recommended,544610,34668461,Posted: 1 September,all,God of Anger,"If you're a fan of the old or new BSG, this game is a good buy, price might be a tad to high but not by any means in the rip-off level. It still provides good entertainment in the BSG universe. Music and audio are great, gameplay is great as well. AI isn't human levels but provides a decent challenge later in the game."
,Recommended,544610,34675493,Posted: 1 September,all,AsAkAs,"Fun turn based strategy. I wish that the ships felt more unique, essentially the weapon arcs and systems just get a little more powerful, and the ships a little more tanky with armor. Still playing through the campaign, so im sure some of the blueprint unlocks are able to do this (nukes??) The over-arching strategy is pretty good too, aka meta game. Overall descent, I enjoy the ship to ship combat aspect. But damn these things arent very nimble. Be aware of your ships movements and the enemies, arcs and armor are very important, more so than they would imply."
,Recommended,544610,34668907,Posted: 1 September,all,Sir. Scufmark,"A good game over all. So far it does feel a little lack luster at times and kind of wanting more. Definitely would be a good game to have mod support for, the dreams would be limitless."
76561198018749086,Recommended,544610,34678874,Posted: 2 September,all,springy150,If you like X-Com and battlefleet Gothic this is the game for you.Mixing both elements of RTS  with turn based space battles and big old ships its also very unforgiving if you make a mistake thank god for saving after every move.The only thing i wish as there was back ground battle chatter from ships and fighters alike
76561198207226487,Recommended,544610,34665320,Posted: 1 September,all,Snazzy Dragon,"Devs are actively patching and balancing, and improving the game where so many regress with each patch.Many of the bugs and balance issues I mentioned in the first review have been addressed or are in the roadmap to be fixed.Fighter AI was recently improved and it's very noticable.Single player campaign progression was rebalanced; there is actual variation in Cylon fleets so your smaller fleets are no longer useless in the long run.UI has been improved and now has scaling options to suit your tastes.Multiplayer greifing has been addressed effectively with an ""Operational Zone;"" no more of one guy running away with a half dead ship for 7 minutes.I'm pleased to change this from a negative review to a positive one; the support this game is getting from its devs team is truly commendable."
76561197976656272,Recommended,544610,35245612,Posted: 27 September,all,Terminal Lance,"I've been waiting for a good Battlestar Galactica game for years and this is it.The turn based core gameplay is fantastic. The closest thing I can compare it to is the Star Wars: Armada tabletop game. The music, sound effects and ships are all truthful to the show, and when you watch a replay of a battle it's pretty epic. I also like that it's a (kind of) dynamic campaign instead of a set of missions in a row.It has some minor balence issues, and some mechanics such as hacking aren't explained too well but nothing that can't be fixed. The devs are very responsive to the community so I expect it will only get better."
76561197964837502,Recommended,544610,35250866,Posted: 27 September,all,Exel,"Excellent tactical fleet battle game not just for Galactica fans, but for anyone who likes tactical ""strategy"" games where battles are solved with tactics more than the speed of your index finger like in RTS games. If you like the WeGo system (think Combat Mission) or pausable real-time (think Total War), the odds are you'll appreciate the need for considered tactics in BSG Deadlock as well.The pros:- Hey, it's Battlestar Galactica!- Seriously the BSG world, even if you're not a fan of the series, gives the game and its ships and ship classes more background and character than you would have if this were a generic scifi game.- It's not just about massing firing on a target until its HP drops to zero. Maneuvering under fire and while maneuvering matters, as does controlling damage to your ships and timing your missile volleys, flak screens and broadsides.- Almost all ship classes are well balanced and remain relevant throughout the game and in multiplayer.- No resource gathering or tech trees involved except on the campaign map on a very rudimentary level.- It's visually appealing but runs on older PCs as well.The cons:- The campaign has limited replay value and lacks both narrative and gameplay depth.- Some of the effects feel like they are 10 years out of place with the rest of the game engine.- The AI fleet size is capped to the same as the player's, which makes it difficult to get challenge out of the AI in skirmish mode after you've mastered the game."
76561197990898348,Recommended,544610,34864525,Posted: 10 September,all,startrek1989,"UPDATE:After the last update, it seems the situation with unbalanced cylon fleet strength has greatly improved. Now the cylons spawn a larger variety of fleet sizes which gives young commanders through out the game chance to gain experience.This is my first review an I will be as brief as I can.The first hour of this game (campaign) was a very entertaining experience. The game mechanics a mix of realtime and round based strategy is refreshing and fun to use. The often criticised clunky controls and UI are not a gamebreaker for me.BUTwhat really destroys my motivation and is so damn frustrating, is the difficulty balancing of enemy fleets and missions in the campaign. No matter what difficulty setting you initially choose, the enemy seems to randomly start fielding fleets too big and too strong for what you can field at that point. In other words, the enemy doesn't properly scale in difficulty with your progress.This has lead for me to many frustrating dead ends in the campaign. A BATTLESTAR Gallactica game is not much fun when you can barely move beyond unlocking the first type of Battlestar, not even to mention the Gallactica type.(As evidence:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1132357145With 3750 the enemy has fleets nearly twice the size I can field at that moment 2000)Right now I cannot recommend the game unless you want to pay that much just for skirmish and multiplayer.Should this situation improve in the near future I will change my recommendation."
