user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,545540,32087372,Posted: 31 May,all,Chudah,"FMV games have made quite the comeback in the last few years, and The Infectious Madness of Doctor Dekker adds to the growing library of great titles in the genre.  Of course, it's not a perfect game (what game is?), but the quality of the writing, acting and production all place this murder mystery amid the cream of the FMV crop here on Steam.Doctor Dekker has been violently murdered by one of his patients.  As his replacement at the psychiatric clinic,  you are now tasked with investigating his death while helping his patients navigate their various maladies.  Toss in a little Cthulhu mythos, and you have a recipe for madness that's altogether delightful to behold.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=935846867Gameplay consists of free typing questions and key words to engage each patient in therapeutic conversation.  While the wording required to trigger responses can sometimes be finicky, once you have a handle one the game's logic, figuring out which phrases to focus on becomes second nature.  In the times that you find yourself completely stuck, typing in ""hint"" will give you suggestions on what to ask next, thus you should never be scratching your head for too long.  Hints are unlimited, so I suggest using them liberally unless you're working towards specific achievements, in which case you'll want to wait until a second or third playthrough to target them.  And there's plenty of room for replayability as the killer changes with each new game.My one and only complaint with the system is that sometimes your question will trigger a response that doesn't line up at all with what you asked.  This doesn't happen often, but can be a bit confusing when you're trying to follow a train of thought and end up derailed by a completely unrelated answer.  Still, it's only a mild annoyance compared to the entertainment the characters and story provide.As an FMV title, it all ultimately comes down to the acting, which is excellent and the highlight of the entire game.  Not only does each actor totally sell their respective madness to the player, but you'll find that even the most wicked of patients will grow on you as you delve into their stories and more intimate thoughts.  Toss in a cameo by John Guilor ofContradictionfame, and you've got quite the awesome cast.The Infectious Madness of Doctor Dekker may not be for everyone, but if you're an ardent FMV junkie, do not miss out on this gem.  For those wanting to dabble their toes in the genre, or are just intrigued enough to take a look, it's definitely worth your while IF you take your time to savor the experience."
,Recommended,545540,33442515,Posted: 10 July,all,FrumpySexGod1337,"I'd like to start off this review by saying I played this game for 28.4 hours. I know it says that on this review already BUT I NEED TO ♥♥♥♥ING STRESS I. PLAYED. THIS. GAME. FOR. 28.4 HOURS. This isn't hyperbole. This isn't some ""minimIze the game and cheese it"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I played this ♥♥♥♥ing game. I PLAYED IT. Why for that long you ask? Am I a monogloid? Well...yes. But that is besides the point. I decided to do a ""no hint"" run. What would posess me to do such a thing? What sane fat streamer would ever undertake such a stressful situation onto his already failing heart? Me. I would. I'm an idiot.As I sat there watching the putrid credits roll...it hit me. This game accomplished exactly what it set out to accomplish. To make the player feel as though they've wasted their time. I feel nothing. As I recall the scantily clad Marianna and her useless conversations...my pants don't even move. Flaccid as a limp noodle I sit here. My sexual drive is gone. I'm an A-sexual now. All the color has left my face. I guessed every single ♥♥♥♥ing person before I figured out who did it. I'm a failure as a detective and as a doctor. Bryce's♥♥♥♥♥♥of an accent is all I hear in my ear. ""I'm a gravedigger and I'm coming for you next.""Sleep is something of the past. I've been awake for the last 72 hours. The weird♥♥♥♥♥shadow girl that randomly shows up in this dumpsterfire of a narrative caught me looking at questionable hentai on my computer yesterday. I think she is gonna tell my mom. I'm unhinged. A shell of a man. A piece of pathetic meat waiting for my demise. This game has broken me. I will give one warning to whoever sets out to complete this game using no hints.DON'T.P.S. WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THERE MORE ACHIEVEMENTS FOR USING HINTS IN THIS GAME THAN FOR NOT USING HINTS IS THIS REAL LIFE?P.S.S.S. Check out my live stream attwitch.tv/mrfrost231P.S.S.S.S. I was Global Elite in CSGO until the rank shift and now I'm silver II and it's so toxic it's impossible to climb."
,Recommended,545540,31873055,Posted: 20 May,all,Coyote30,"If you are a fan of FMV games like Contradiction or Her Story this is the game for you - but even if you just like to explore new gaming concepts and mechanics it's worth a try. You get an incredible amount of content for your money (my first playthrough took me around 15 hours) and the acting is really good.What's the premise? You are a new doctor in a mental facility and your predecessor has been murdered (probably by one of his patients...) So while you are talking to them, listening to their problems and trying to cure them you are looking for clues who could have done it...And how do you play? It's probably the game where you come closest to having a real conversation. If you know the game ""Facade"" you already know the concept. You are not clicking on multiple answering options but entering your keywords/sentences by keyboard - leading to another new video and part of the conversation or one of the many ""no-answers"" (which can be turned off in the options menu if you've seen them too often). If you get stuck you can actively ask for hints and there is a passive help system via stars next to the patients' reponses that point you in the direction where you should dig a bit deeper...Conclusion: This is a very solid game, great acting, atmospheric soundtrack and a functioning mechanic and hint system with a ton of content. I would recommend the game to anyone who likes the before-mentioned games or just wants to try out a game of this kind. It costs less than a ticket at a cinema and here you're not only a spectator but you get to decide how the story progresses."
,Not Recommended,545540,31905805,Posted: 22 May,all,Ed Fire,"The trailer and description ""sizzle"" around this game is great, and on paper it sounds amazing, but I quickly became irritated by how narrow the route to progression is!The awkward way in which it's put together leaves a lot to be desired, and, given the format of ""write a question, get an answer"" gaming is hardly new, the addition of video interaction in no way makes up for its lack of attention to smooth, intelligent, pre-emptive gameplay.For example, it's awkward and buggy, leading to multiple responses of ""I don't know anything about that"" and ""No! I can't help you"" if you don't use a KEY word. The game isn't designed to pick up on subtle nuances in language, with patients sometimes answering questions you've not asked, ignoring one version of a phrase whilst answering a slightly different version, and you being able to ask questions in a random order without them having much impact on the reaction from the cast. If I had a whole conversation then someone asked me ""who are you?"" right at the end, I'd be pretty surprised.Before you make a decision to buy this based on my opinion, please filter it through my frame of reference: I played it for 90 minutes, found myself quickly swing from optimistic excitement to frustrated disappointment, and decided to recoup my £6.99 before it was too late. You may have far more success with this game than I did, and I'd recommend downloading it to at least TRY it, but don't be surprised if you're quickly turned off.For the record, I have no doubt this is a challenging game to produce, and I really, REALLY wanted it to work. All that said and done, I am appreciative that the price tag is £6.99 and not £29.99, but it really didn't live up to my expectations either way. Awkward, clunky, difficult to navigate, frustrating to play. You can give it a try, but I'd personally save your time and money.,"
,Recommended,545540,31910989,Posted: 22 May,all,Tim Timsen,"• Asked a girl how old she was• She leaned forward and said ""I don't know""9.5/10, best Psychiatrist Simulator, period.Seriously though, what the hell... is it that hard to add an answer scene for simple questions like that one?Don't get me wrong, this still is a really interesting game (that's why I recommend it), but if they tell you to ask whatever you want, then questions like ""How old are you?"", ""Where do you come from?"" and similar ones should be on the list."
,Recommended,545540,31922004,Posted: 23 May,all,strbldsnch,"Having played Contradiction, I was really excited to see this in development while we wait for a part 2.  It's finally here, and I will say it is definitely worth the asking price.  I do not have many hours played on my account since I played with a friend, but we clocked in just under 9 hours for a full run and still missed tons of scenes that we are both eager to go back and look for.  It sounds as if the ending is randomized on playthroughs as well to give it extra replayability.While it certainly feels different than Contradiction, I think they did a pretty good job.  The story is fun and the characters are all interesting and well-rounded with great performances from everyone.  I found that we were making decisions for them at points that felt like we really had changed the course of the story a bit, another reason I'd really like to go back and play it.  One decision in particular had us all but screaming at the screen when we realized that we had probably just made a pretty big mistake.I will say that some of the interaction can be a little frustrating.  But that is why there is a hint system.  Don't feel like you need to go through your first playthrough without hints.  You will just end up hating it.  Sometimes you ask all the right questions, but since you didn't phrase it correctly you don't get a response.  It doesn't always happen, but it will enough for you to get stuck early on.  Then you check for hints and it tells you to ask the thing you've tried to ask ten different ways and it can be irksome.  But it really doesn't take away from the overall enjoyment of the game.As an enthusiast game designer myself, I can say that open NPC interactions like the ones here are very difficult to parse correctly so that the player can word things any way they want for a proper response.  They do it very well, but it's not perfect.  Sometimes I was shocked at getting a response from something I figured they would never have reacted to and other times I was just as flummoxed at not getting a response to something that should have obviously had one.So yeah, give this game a go.  For $8.99 you could do a lot worse than 8 hours of intrigue and mystery... there are even a few scares along the way.  Just please, do not be afraid to ask for hints.  That's what the hint system is there for.  This isn't a puzzle game where hints are always giving away the solution... most of the time they are just guidance on how to word things you've already thought to ask."
,Recommended,545540,33314487,Posted: 6 July,all,heleanthia,"I love this game.I was immediately drawn in by the premise (potentially insane patients with perhaps an equally insane Doctor)I felt, by the end , that they were people that I actually knew and I was caring what happened to them.It was engaging, humourous, MORE than a bit creepy and a LOT of fun.Oh and eminently re playable as there are multiple different endings.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,545540,31927080,Posted: 23 May,all,qianqin11,"An ambitious combination of Her Story and Contradiction.  In the game, you are a therapist holding sessions with your patients, in the mean time trying to solve a murder case. The main part of the ""sessions"" is really pre-recorded video footages. Everytime you ask a relevant question, the game will play a video of the patients' response. The goal is to find the key video footages by asking the suitable questions. This is done by finding clues and keywords within existing footages.The gameplay is really similar to Her Story, except that you are encouraged to input full-sentence questions instead of using keywords to formulate your questions. This mechanism is unfortunately a bit immature. Although players are given more freedom in inputting questions, the game doesn't have enough power in analyzing full sentences -- which is understandable, as the techonology simply isn't there yet. This leads to quite a few out of place responses from the characters, which is good, since they reveal clues; as well as frustrating moments where you struggle to formulate a question that the game understands. Luckily, if you are willing to use hints, you should still be able to get through most of the sessions without trouble.The acting is pretty nice. I can't wait to see Ryan from Contradiction.I'm half way through the game, and although I've felt a lot of frustration, I enjoyed much of the game."
,Recommended,545540,31930453,Posted: 24 May,all,MadScientist22,"Overall, this is the most impressive FMV game I've played. All of the characters are compelling yet slightly disturbing which is in fitting with the 'eldritch vibe' to the game. There is an element of magical realism underlying each of the characters'  psychological symptoms. The barrier between reality and magic, sanity and insanity, is constantly flouted and  it's hard to judge what is actually occuring and what isn't. Fascinating from the lense of psychiatry.The con, and it is fairly a major one, is that the input system is quite finicky. I absolutely love that you have to type in questions but it's so easy to get no response because the wording isn't quite right. To that, I have to say use your hints. It was really hard for me to do so, as it felt 'cheaper.' But the truth is, the game doesn't punish you for it and to a great extent it's there to mask its own flaws. I'd still avoid using them till stumped, just don't get overly frustrated and give up!"
,Recommended,545540,32183634,Posted: 4 June,all,Zaelux,"Bought the game,Saw Marianna,Fell in love,Became crazyCouldn't distinguish reality from fictionLost my mindFinished the gameStill have no clue what's going on but I want to do it all over again.10/10By far the best mindbending experience I had in... forever.PS: Marianna, I'm sorry what I did to you, Forgive me. :("
76561198064221865,Recommended,545540,31921898,Posted: 23 May,all,jkly,"I'm about halfway through the game right now and so far I love it. The story is absolutely top notch. The characters are fascinating and a sense of mystery permeates your every encounter.Some people have complained about the dialogue system and I agree that it is difficult at times to ask the proper questions, but what I found works is to echo what you believe are the important parts of what the patient said. That will usually get you a response. Some of the questions, however are extremely obscure, but not all of them are required to pass on to the next chater. And remember that if someone directly asks you a question, you need to provide some sort of answer to it to advance the story starting with either ""yes"" or ""no.""So while technically the game is sort of clunky, the story makes it one hundred percent worth it. You don't want to miss this game,it's a fascinating experience and the acting is also extremely well done. Many of the patients are especially creepy and well portrayed."
,Recommended,545540,31929343,Posted: 23 May,all,Heat,"-- Edit --I wrote the first part of the review at roughly 5 hours in, and I had just experienced my first touch of psychological horror.Im back after finishing the game to say that it was even better than I had described before. The game just gets better. The game is just so un-nerving and is addicting like a good book.Im going back in for another playthrough (Different murderer each time)-- Edit --The last time I was so emotionally invested in the characters of a game was The Last of Us.The mechanics of the game can be very frustrating, but once I got a hang of it, it was very rewarding to have a conversation flow seemlessly.I've learned so much about these characters, and they all reach through the screen in a very uneasy way, (because this is ultimatley a horror game.)PROS:+Casual+Horror+Comedy+Deep Characters+Gameplay+Multiple PlaythroughsCONS:-Game play learning curve (1-2 hours)"
,Recommended,545540,31964538,Posted: 25 May,all,Belee,"It's very hard to recommend this game, but I do anyways. The Infectious Madness of Doctor Dekker has many flaws.The game is a FMV style text parser. You play as a detective/psychiatrist. You questions your patients with a text parser. Your job is to figure out their personalities, solve a murder, and help the patients.The acting is okay, but sometimes mediocre. Some character personalities are overdone or not expalined enough.When questioning someone, a line of logic can become construed. Thank god there's a hint helper.Throughout most of the game you can ask obvious questions to recieve more information on a topic such as who, what, when, where, why. But occasionally the game will expect you to ask an extremely specific question.minor spoilerA patient complains about problems with sleep. I ask ""Do you use any drugs? Do you drink alcohol? Do you use any medicine? Do you use any sleeping medicine? Do you use any sleeping medication? Do you take anysleeping tablets?"" ALL OF THESE QUESTIONS ARE WRONG GUESS WHAT THE CORRECT QUESTION IS : Do you take sleeping pills?This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much, I physically was confused and befuddled.This is clearly a British-English made game. Nothing wrong with that, but there are a few instances where the Bristish English and American English do not make sense. Perhaps this will be patched. (also their teeth ba dum tish :) )some questions are too specifc. example - VERY SPECIFIC QUESTIONS - how did i upset you? (doesnt work) What upset did I cause you? (does work). WHAT???this is a minor complaint. One character mentions playing World of Warcraft. Surprisingly, he mentions a specific location - Goldshire - but then he claims his avatar is a Necromacer. Necromancer's do not exist in WoW. I assume they meant Warlock, but how did they go to such lengths to specifically mention a location, but incorrectly reference a character? Whatever.After all my bickering about the gameplay and story, I still have a few minor suggestions.1. Make the cursor larger. This isn't a major problem, but it can be hard to see.2. Consider an ""easy mode"". I would not have made it through this game without the hint system. The current easy mode is that you can only ask for a hint every 30 seconds. Why? Just make hints infinite with no cooldown for all the dumb-dumbs like me. It just means I have to wait for another 30 seconds if i have no idea what to ask someone.Despite absolutely hating this game, I still like it. I feel with a bit of polish and a better text parser, FMV detective games could be more amazing. When I ask someone a very specific question and they answer exaclty how I expect them to answer, I cream my pants a little. The acting is great, the writing is great, but a game shouldn't expect you to be clairvoyant."
,Recommended,545540,31913846,Posted: 23 May,all,Oneiropolos,"For almost nine hours of entertainment without replay yet, this is definitely worth the money. The actors are all solid and a friend and I sat and played the entire game together over two sessions. It definitely leaves you questioning what is real or what isn't. The end did feel a bit abrupt but I'm curious to go through and see if different things trigger. Overall, I will definitely be hoping for a sequel!I do want to note, sometimes the key words and questions can be very particular. While it can be a bit frustrating to see a Hint pop up that just rephrases something you were already trying to ask, it's important not to be afraid of the hints. Particularly, I think, the first time through. Learning how exactly to phrase things isn't always natural and the hint system clears it up."
,Not Recommended,545540,33327682,Posted: 6 July,all,Qineuro,"Cool concept, but the gameplay ruins it.  Your only method of input is entering text commands and inquiries, and the parser is so incredibly rigid that you'll often have to subtly rephrase the same ""question"" a dozen times before the game will accept it.  The production values are really nice, and the plot has intrigue; right now, it's just severely unfun to play."
,Not Recommended,545540,32210729,Posted: 5 June,all,BearJazz,The concept is interesting but a lot of the time it feels like banging your head against the wall trying to find the right combination of words to advance the plot. It's unclear why some phrases work but others don't most of the time. The hint system helps to alleviate this but I found I had to rely on it more often than not. I had to spend a lot of time waiting for the hint cooldown to expire while I just threw words against the wall and saw what stuck. This probably would have been better as an independent film.
,Not Recommended,545540,31910229,Posted: 22 May,all,dubesor,"I loved Her Story and Contradiction but this one is kinda off. The input system flat out doesn't work for me.I can't get correct responses for anything. Just one example a girl says she doesn't drink. Then she keeps telling me about how awesome this club is with all that vodka. I must have tried 50 different versions and keywords and phrases and sentences about this contradiction but nothing triggers anything that has to do with what I am trying to ask. This goes for most of the questions. The background checks for what you type/ask simply don't work. Sometimes it will trigger something COMPLETELY irrelevant or the exact opposite of what you asked. Or people will keep asking you questions and if you answer, even repeating their keywords (since the game makes zero effort to even attempt remembering what the last spoken line was), they act like they don't know what you mean. Constantly.The way the interactivity works is so frustrating, unnatural and illogical that I won't recommend this."
76561198002098269,Recommended,545540,32308708,Posted: 9 June,all,the net to the sky,"I'm really not sure whether to recommend this game or not. When it's good, it's really good. The plot is interestingly twisty and the problems described, supernatural bits aside, are all pretty believable. The mentally ill are more or less presented sympathetically. When the parser cooperates you feel like a real therapist, helping people with their problems (or making them worse, if you wanna play that way.) The characters are complex and engaging, the acting is good. If you're a fan of character driven stuff or H.P. Lovecraft, you might like this game.The big word there is 'if.' This game suffers from the same problems as the Ace Attourney series, in that there is a One True Sequence that the developers expect you to follow and if you deviate from that, you cannot progress. Compounding this is the fact that the parser can be painfully obtuse, you might have the right way to progress but you didn't get ye therapy in the proper way, so it didn't recognize what you meant. I understand the desire to have it be a more conversational style, but it backfires a lot. Thankfully there's no penalty for using hints. Also so many of the female characters in this are weirdly flirtatious with you for no reason. Your gender is never mentioned but it does rather assume you're playing as a male character, which is kind of irritating. If my character is pre-defined then just tell me. It's also incredibly unrealistic that you don't have access to whatever records or patient files Dekker compiled on these people beforehand, since the conceit is that these are his patients you are inheriting it makes no sense to start with a blank slate.Despite all these problems it has kept me engaged enough to keep plugging away at it, so I would tentatively recommend this."
76561198053898275,Recommended,545540,31960540,Posted: 25 May,all,MrFrenglish,"Quick Review May 2017Rating: Poor (1), Average (2), Good (3), Great (4), Awesome (5)VERDICT: 8/10 - Great/Awesome,buy it now!1. Controls: Great.Pretty basic, but works perfectly fine. It's mostly point & click. Be careful to not click on the ""Next Day"" option when it appears or it will not be possible to go back. Nothing else to mention otherwise. Which is good.2. Music: Great.Only one soundtrack that ""evolves"" throughout the game by getting creepier and more creepier, It works very well. The recording equipment for voices is not optimal though. In some scene you can hear the rain and wind outside, but it is very quiet.Graphics: AwesomeOther than some ""lights/reflections"" under the texts sometimes, the quality of the cameras are superb. And the acting is great!Gameplay: GoodIt is very hard to find the proper ""phrasing"" of sentences to ask if not using the Hint system. Even when using the Hint system, it can be difficult. However, the devs are working on this at the moment.Other: AwesomeNo bugs, no crash, very good performances. I found myself taking notes on a paper to help me, which I thought to be very cool. At some points I was actually conflicted between agreeing or not with the patients even though it was completely insane. I also felt scared of discovering more than I should. I sometimes thought ""why am I thinking this is right? This is wrong"". It is very psychological.Conclusion:This game is a trip into your own morals and beliefs. You sometimes feel conflicted between two completely opposite thoughts. You actually feel like you're becoming mad even though you do everything to avoid this outcome. I loved the experience. And the good thing is, the game is replayable!You will not regret this purchase. It's also cheap. Which is great!"
76561198040220549,Recommended,545540,32186379,Posted: 4 June,all,Adamant Alliterator,"The Infectious Maddness of Doctor Dekker, for what it is, is a deeply compelling experience with just the right amount of camp.  The experience is, interesting and surprisingly complex:Take on the role of a Psychiatrist who's predecessor was murdered by presumably, one of his previous patients.  Meanwhile, as the game progresses, the player either becomes enthralled in the believable madness of each of their patients, attempts to cure them, or discovers the murderer, or all three.  Despite the simplicity of the game, it was found to be enthralling on many occasions.  The Infectious Maddness of Doctor Dekker is wonderfully shot with a minimalist UI, with believable actors and surprisingly believable surreal moments, provided they allow themselves to fall into the mystery of the game itself.On the down side... the game's primary mechanic is fidgetty at best.  In order to interact with the patients, the player must ask questions of their patients related to a previous question or statement that the patient had asked or made.  The part that gets fidgetty about all of this is that, occasionally, you have to be incredibly specific with your responses.  For example, if a patient says ""I have a photo and a rocking chair, which one should I  destroy?""  If you try to ask about either of these things, the word ""Photo"" or ""Rocking chair"" will trigger a response you may not have actually wanted.  Other times key words in their statements can trigger entire monologues and reveal mountains of info.  Other times, you might be asked  a yes or no question such as ""Do you like to dance?"" And you might assume that you can answer simply ""Yes,"" But you'd be wrong.  You need to answer ""Yes I like to dance,"" otherwise the game itself becomes confused.  All in all these are the primary complaints of the game, and with all things considered, they are minor infractions in comparison to the game as a whole.  They do not take away from the experience, nor do they frustrate the player for long, as the answers that you seek are just a ""Hint"" away most of the time.if you are looking for a game experience that you can share with someone who might not 100% be into gaming, and has a compelling storyline?  Give this game a shot."
,Recommended,545540,32264471,Posted: 8 June,all,Adder,"If for some reason this is all you read about the game and you can handle a slow-burn investigative story, just stop reading and buy it now.  The less you know the better.  One of my favourite games this year."
,Recommended,545540,32179783,Posted: 4 June,all,CryptoJones,"This interactive mystery has hours of video responses. Not only are all the actors gorgeous and charming, but the story is so well written it pulls you in completley. This is one of the best video games I have played in a long while.While the game was amazing, there are just a few things that bothered me;1) British spelling threw me off. It's different than american spelling.2) Sometimes i'd get responses that seemed to go after things I hadn't heard yet.3) Sometimes you have to keep rephrasing your question untill you hit the games text tags.But even with a few minor anoyances this game was amazing! You have to play it! In fact, why are you wasting your time here? Go play it!"
,Recommended,545540,33743709,Posted: 23 July,all,Neturi,"Interesting little FMV game where you play as psychiatrist who takes Doctor Dekker's patients.You ask patients questions by typing them. Your job is to help them with their problems and get to know what kind of person the Dr.Dekker really was. But don't ask them too much or you'll become insane too.It's a atmospheric game with lovecraftian horror, which is love the most.If you have played the 'Her Story', this has similiar style.Loved this game, recommend it to you to try out and want to see more of it._________________________________________________Mielenkiintoinen FMV peli, jossa pelaat psykiatrilla, joka ottaa vastaan Tohtori Dekkerin potilaat.Kysyt kysymyksiä kirjoittamalla ne näppäimmistöllä. Tehtävänäsi on auttaa potilaita heidän ongelmissaan ja saada tietoa minkälainen henkilo Dekker oikeasti oli. Älä toki kysy liikaa tai sinustakin tulee hullu.Tunnelmallinen peli lovecraftin kauhulla, mistä juuri itse tykkään.Muistuttaa Her Storytä.Suomalaisille suosittelen sanakirjaa mukaan, koska tämä peli vaatii välillä kirjoitettavan aika monimutkikkaita lauseita ja sanoja. Onneksi tekstitys on käytössä ja nyt uuden päivityksen myötä avain sanat ovat eri fontilla kirjoitettu.Suosittelen peliä."
,Recommended,545540,32211423,Posted: 5 June,all,clawz161,"Awesome game for people that love psychology or lovecraftian ideas, or even if you just love thrillers. It'll make you identify and wonder what you'd do in the cituations your character is placed in and in a pov type game that's important, highly recommended."
76561198037578696,Recommended,545540,34081193,Posted: 7 August,all,christophe.heyndrickx,"I recommend to play this game at night.During the ""Midnight hour"".Creepy and in some ways a unique game, it was a very interesting experience for me :-)"
,Not Recommended,545540,31962158,Posted: 25 May,all,Caba,"I love FMV games and I was really looking forward to this one when I saw the trailer the first time. The acting is great and the concept itself really interesting. The story is alright, but it's the characters and the mind games they put you through that make the game somewhat enjoyable.Unfortunately, even though the ""non-linear/freeform"" concept does sound good on paper, it doesn't quite manage to deliver. There are certain key questions you need to ask the patients in order to proceed, which is fairly understandable storytelling-wise and not a huge problem in my books. However, finding your way to these key questions sometimes requires asking questions you would never be able to come up without using hints. Sometimes you also have to ask a second time about minor things to which you thought you already got a perfectly satisfying answer.For example, I think one time I greeted the patient, after which they immediately told me about a thing that was currently bothering them, and so I delved deeper. After a long conversation and some head-scratching, I couldn't come up with any more topics, so I had to use a hint, which simply told me to ask them ""What's up?"". Uhh, I kinda already figured out what was up with them but sure, I'll ask again.So yes, the ambitious game mechanic isn't quite polished and you have to rely on hints so often that you would just want to sit through the story instead of ""brute-forcing"" questions and keywords in order to proceed. Great acting, bad gameplay."
76561198051932480,Recommended,545540,34111511,Posted: 8 August,all,Rampantcocks715,"+I highly reccomend this game for being unique, well acted, replayeble and being the right length.It is not obnoxiously difficult nor boringly obvious.-I have dyslexia and would probebly not have finished it if didn't played it with a friend.If your suck at spelling you will get stuck a lot more."
,Recommended,545540,33130448,Posted: 2 July,all,Bastion,"As someone who really enjoyed Her Story, seeing an ambitious game like this in the same genre was an instant buy. This is a kind of game i care about, so i'll try to go into some detail on what i liked and didn't like about it.The premise of the gameYou are a psychiatrist. Doctor Dekker was the former psychiatrist and he died and now you're replacing him. This means you are now responsible for all his patients. The goal of the game is trying to help your patients with their crazy problems while you find what exactly happened to Doctor Dekker and who murdered him. The game is divided in acts and in each act you get to ask questions to your patients. To ask questions to your patients you just write the questions or keywords about the topic you want them to talk about.Overall ImpressionNew games on the same style of Her Story and Contradiction are always welcome for me, and this one is no exception. Even though i think this game doesn't live to the full potential of what fmv mystery solving games can achieve, it was a good effort and brought different elements to the table and that's why it gets my recommendation.The goodInteresting charactersLet's just say that all Doctor Dekker patients are crazy to say the least :) But they are crazy for very different reasons and listening to their problems and hearing their stories was very enjoyable. The stories are all very different and interesting.Murderer is selected at randomThe murderer of Doctor Dekker is randomized at the beginning of each playthrough. This means that two different people playing the game will likely have two different murderers of Doctor Dekker and so the process of solving the case will be slightly different for those two players, with different events a happening in each playthrough. This also means that you can play the game more than once with a different murderer of Dekker in each one. This adds some replayability to the game and creates interest in seeing other people's playthroughs to see the different events that happen in each one. Even though some events change, most of the questions and answers you get from the patients are still the same in each playthrough, so don't expect a massive difference, but it's there and i see it as a good thing.HintsIf you feel stuck you can always ask for a hint and the game will tell you something relevant you should ask next. The hints you get are good, i never felt like a hint was confusing, quite the opposite, the few times i asked for hints they were always helpull. Depending on the kind of player you are you will use this system a lot or avoid it completely and use only when necessary. Either way, i see it as a plus, since being stuck is never fun and with the hint system you'll rarely find yourself in that situation.The actingThe acting is incredibly good. Most of the cast is made of professional actors/actresses and that shows.Active developmentThe game is constantly getting updates. Since the release of the game a couple updates were released. Most od those updates aim to improve keyword searches to make sure you always get an appropriate video response to your input. Other are quality of life improvments that really help a lot.MariannaOh boy, this girl... <3The badNot very challengingMy main problem with this game is that it doesn't encourage you to think that much. In each act the process of progressing trough the story and asking questions is linear. Basically you say hello to them, they answer something, you take note of some important words they said, you input those words as questions, you get answers which contain more words, you input those new words, rinse and repeat. There are some questions you should ask that don't follow this pattern but they are not hard to figure out on your own. The main mental exercise of the game is probably at the end, where you have to accuse someone of being the murderer of Dekker, based on all you heard and the information you have, but even that i tought was relatively easy too.A few searches get unexpected resultsIt's not game breaking or anything like that, but a few searches can get unexpected results. Sometimes you make a question about something and get an answer unrelated to what you asked, most likely because you entered a keyword in your question which triggers multiple answers, even though the nature of the questions was different. The most extreme case of this happened to me when a patient asked me to do something, i answered with ""no"", but the system gave me the response as if i said ""yes"". There was also some questions i asked but because i wasn't using the exact keywords the game wanted, i got no answer, even though the question should have an answer. With this said, these issues related to searches are something the developers are always keeping a look at and trying to improve. Since the launch, the game received already some updates who fixed some of these problems related to keyword searches, and i expect them to keep doing these updates."
,Recommended,545540,33260842,Posted: 4 July,all,~Swinton,"IMDD (as I'll call it here) is an enduringly solid, lovingly crafted (no pun intented) game of dialogue, cosmic mystery and investigation. You may look at the FMV features, recall that somewhat infamous lineage, and write it off. Don't. Give this a chance, especially if you're a fan of slow-burn supernatural horror.The game is structured not unlike the old HBO series ""In Treatment"" in some ways. You are a therapist seeing a core cast of five people, all patients of your predecessor, who was recently murdered. Ostensibly you are there as an investigator vetting suspects into the murder. But it soon becomes clear that something has invaded the lives of these people. Something sinister...Gameplay consists of asking free text questions to any of the five (plus a few minor players showing up on different days) and slowly unraveling their secrets. Sometimes this is easy, but if it gets too difficult you can always summon hints that will point you toward new lines of questioning, and replay any unlocked dialogue (with or without in-line hints).It's really impressive what they got out of their clearly limited budget. The HD video is crisp, well-lit and well edited, effects are used sparingly and in clever ways. Actor performances are never less than good although I will say nobody truly knocks it out of the park, either.So basically, if you like Lovecraft, you like mysteries, and you came out of Her Story thinking ""they should make more games like this"", IMDD is well worth trying out."
,Recommended,545540,33421619,Posted: 9 July,all,Cawdor,"A thorough delight of a game. Normally I tend to read game spoilers before I buy a title, out of habit and for a sense of control. This time, I decided to take the plunge and go on blindly, mostly because the title felt like a reference to one of my favourite horror characters, psychologist-of-dubious-morals Dr. Decker in Clive Barker's Cabal / Nightbreed.I don't think the similarity ends at their name, nor do I think it was unintentional. There are a lot of genre references in the game that made me smile - the art gallery named Providence, the cat named Church, and so on. It's great fun to play a game that makes you realize the creators love the genre as much as you do.The script is solid and the text recognition works intuitively enough (if not without a niggling technicality or two). I was impressed with how immersive and captivating the story was, the minimalist style in which it's told is impressive. Speaking as an actor, I can only applaud the work of everyone involved in front of the camera. Everyone nailed their characters and made each enthralling.I'm currently on my second playthrough, and am planning more.I'm not sure whether the randomization of the murderer was that good an idea, given that the questions you can ask the subjects remain the same, but I suppose it adds to replay value for some. (I'd replay it regardless.)10/10 for me, a complete winner. I wouldn't change a thing. Will be following the creators to see what they cook up next!"
76561198027234504,Recommended,545540,32389478,Posted: 13 June,all,Auto path,"Pros:Interesting story. I'm on my third play through and I'm still chasing so many answers.Cons:Phrasing can be very specific sometimesAdvice:Say ""hi""Use ""hints""Don't be afraid to call out lies/contradictionsAnd answer questions patients ask you"
,Recommended,545540,32419913,Posted: 14 June,all,Doktor Sleepless,"Absolutely enjoyed my time with this game. I wasn't sure if it was going to be something I liked, but it pleasantly surprised me. There's some difficulties with the parser, but the dev team seems to be working hard on squashing bugs in that. My initial playthrough clocked in at about 15 hours, but there's a randomized killer, so there's definitely plenty to see on subsequent playthroughs. It was very well acted, and it at least felt like my decisions had weight. I might come back to it again in the future, but right now, I'm satisfied."
76561198098041932,Recommended,545540,33763192,Posted: 24 July,all,shugenjajvfx,"Therapist Doctor Dekker has been murdered. As his replacement, you need to treat his patients and try to figure out who killed him all while holding on to your sanity.Engaging story with the right amount of Lovecraftian horror (Only a subtle hint, not in-your-face). The full motion videos are also high quality (acting in a video game that doesn't suck? gasp!) The user interface is a little frustrating to use though since it relies on proper phrasing of words. That shouldn't be a problem for those with patience though. Recommended for fans of murder mysteries and Cthulhu Mythos tales."
,Recommended,545540,32072177,Posted: 30 May,all,EasternDragon,"A somewhat cautious recommendation. What you see is what you get here. An FMV murder mystery with a free dialogue system and a creepy, intriguing vibe. The game does suffer from the issues you would expect such a product to have, but it also executes its strengths well. Don't expect for there to be much innovation in the gameplay and understand that sometimes you will get stuck because you just can't figure out what the ""correct"" question is. However, you can also expect a great story, chilling athmosphere, and for the most part competent and believable acting. Overall I enjoyed the experience. For what it's worth The Infectous Madness of Doctor Dekker is a good game that tells an interesting story. The low price is the deciding factor here I would say. Had this game cost $15 I'd probably be a bit disappointed, but even the release price on this is quite low. So if you have free time and want to dive into story of madness and murder do yourself a favour and pick this one up."
76561198014831291,Recommended,545540,32014906,Posted: 28 May,all,Perfectonio,"So where to begin with?The game has a very interessting story about madness, where you at a certain point aren't sure whats real and what is fiction.Interesting main characters, A bit weak side characters.And well, its written basically that you can ask every question, but all you can do is practically prode for details the have allready told you.Good acting though.All In all positive and worth its price"
,Recommended,545540,32030087,Posted: 28 May,all,Mark,"The game is interesting... The story is well thought- and acted out. My first play through took about 14 hours and that's a great value for money. It took me a while to get the gist of having to use the ""keywords"" to keep the conversation going. The main challenge is to try to keep conversations going and figure out what to ask next by responding to what was said previously. The hint-system is friendly and you can use it to your own consent.I would recommend Doctor Dekker to players who like the FMV genre and who enjoy a good story. It doesn't have the atmosphere of Contradiction or the action of Late Shift, but it does have real interesting characters that you get to know really well, also from their dark sides..."
76561198035365543,Recommended,545540,32032301,Posted: 28 May,all,Har,"Great narrative game, intriguing, good dialogue, good actors. Enjoyable if you like this sort of thing."
76561197962769026,Recommended,545540,31941963,Posted: 24 May,all,M10100,"At first i was skeptical of this game, I dident think it would be veyr good and had an extra 10$ in my steam wallet, This game is honestly amazing, I'm having so much fun and im only on day 2, Each of the characters is realized and diffrent, some you like some you dont like, but their storys are very well put together. The random murderer is something you dont want to realize because you want to help these people rather then ice them out. Jaya the assistent is played very well and Jasmine is another favorite of mine character wise, This game is definatly worth the money because you will be playing it longer then some 60$ games out right now.  Still have no idea what insanity points do"
76561198331687685,Recommended,545540,34424524,Posted: 22 August,all,Rabbytt,"There is so much to do in this game, and so many options to explore. As you play, you get to know your patients, asking them questions that may vary from professional and casual to extremely personal and inappropriate. You can play as a good doctor, trying to help them with the reasons they come to see you, or a bad doctor, encouraging them to do things that made them come to you in the first place, as both you and your patients fall deeper and deeper into the rabbit hole. Either way, you still need to figure out who killed your predecessor - Doctor Dekker.However, it can get frustrating to play because sometimes what you think is a reasonable thing to ask them based on the dialogue isn't considered an option, and you have to ask different varieties of that same question until one of them is recognized by the game. Luckily there's hints that help out when you're stuck."
76561197981255414,Recommended,545540,31929830,Posted: 23 May,all,ChillBilly,"Wow.. What a ride so far. I don't want to put in any spoilers. Buy the game, play the game.. Enjoy the story! WOW!Update*Okay.. I just finished the game, and yea.. I really liked it. It is worth the buy."
76561197970837903,Not Recommended,545540,34187240,Posted: 12 August,all,kerry,There's only so much entertainment value in typing hint every couple of seconds. Whoever came up with the dailogue for this game lives in a parallel universe where people phrase things in very strange ways and if you can't speak the lingo you will never get an answer. Very dissappointing. When you do type hint you will find it's the same question you have already asked in every permutation of the english language you can muster only to find the ♥♥♥♥wit who framed the questions only allowed his/her limited use of english to apply.
,Recommended,545540,31962024,Posted: 25 May,all,Kate M,"I think its really good, the acting is solid and the mechanic is interesting.You get a lot of content for your money too, I'm 25% through the game after 4 hours for 9 euro.The only negative is that the parse system isn't very user friendly, especially if you aren't great at spelling."
,Recommended,545540,31944201,Posted: 24 May,all,LamplightBlue,"Story wise, this is a great game. It's got an interesting concept, good characters and good acting. In terms of atmosphere, it captures the essence of what makes something 'Lovecraftian' more than most games trying to do that these days. Rather than just superficially copying the monsters and the mythology with a vague focus on sanity, it really commits to building a strong sense of wrongness and uncertainty throughout the game.The mechanics aren't as good as I would've liked them to be, but it's not a huge issue. The problems it suffers from are pretty typical for games that use a freeform input system like this. The main source of frustration is how restrictive the keywords the game uses to recognise your questions tend to be. In the first couple of acts, it is restrictive in a way that mostly follows the rules the game sets out, but then it gets more and more broken/questionable the further in you get, like expecting you to phrase your question in a very specific way without any guidance, or very broken question-answer correspondences where the response you get is clearly the response to literally the opposite of what you said. That hardly makes it unplayable, as there is a hint system that will get you through most things if required, and the devs have confirmed that they are continuing to work on the keywords to minimise frustration. Up to you if you feel you can deal with that for the sake of the story or not!"
76561197965004501,Recommended,545540,31950014,Posted: 25 May,all,cloister56,"I’m a fan of FMV games. Real actors can give off more subtle clues in their performances.In this game you take on the role of a psychiatrist following in the footsteps of Dr Dekker.As time goes on it is clear each patient has unique beliefs and perceived abilities. In real life these patients would be delusional but in a game, it could be true.The patients are an interesting bunch and well acted throughout. The mystery of Dekker builds as alongside discovering more about each patient which was hugely intriguing and entertaining.For Contradiction fans there is also a familiar face popping up.The game does have a few frustrations especially at first. The free text to gain a response is liberating but when you don’t know how to phrase something or you ask a question, that although relevant isn’t covered it can be maddening.  After a bit of experience with the system things begin to flow better and then the stories and performances can really come through.The game does have a good hint system both in guiding you to what sections contain things still to ask and you can also type “hint” and it will clarify what you need to ask.The developers have also been extremely active in the comments giving advice and hints if required as well as taking feedback.I would recommend this game. It continues the strong run of FMV titles, with an interesting premise, great performances and a game system which although not perfect can work really well.I intend to replay the game (using less hints hopefully) and I look forward to a Dekker 2."
,Recommended,545540,31942006,Posted: 24 May,all,Rene,"This game was an amazing experience. I had it a bit easier because I had seen the first hour or so on youtube, but my first play through still lasted me about 7 hours. There is certainly replay value and I do want to check alternate failstates and hidden scenes. I also loved the little nod to contradiction if you ask the right questions.The characters were very diverse and all interesting in their own ways. The game hooked me in quick and till the end it had me second guessing myself constantly, it had some incredibly compelling storytelling.The input system is a bit finicky and sometimes you will get frustrated with figuring out what exactly the game wants you to do. The only tip I can give here is that you should realise that sometimes you have to take it slow and not always instantly jump on every little mistake in a person's session with you. You have to realize that you're a psychiatrist, not a detective. Also, do not be afraid to use hints once in a while, otherwise it'll frustrate you to no end."
,Recommended,545540,32035860,Posted: 28 May,all,Abyssionknight,"If you like FMV games then this one is a great buy.There are some issues with keywords, resulting in some difficulty getting the right wording for a question you know the game wants asked (sometimes its hard to get the wording even after a hint). Sometimes you ask a question and get an answer that is seemingly  unrelated.  Like once I just used the keywords ""Dekker late night"" and got an answer from the person about how well they knew dekker, which was confusing.Beyond that keyword issue occuring at times, I definitely have been loving the game so far.  Not close to finishing it, but you can definitely get invested in the story. In Act 2 for example there was one character that was really creepy, so the acting is pretty solid.I'm really looking forward to playing a lot more of this game. Will update my review once I finish."
,Recommended,545540,32003076,Posted: 27 May,all,tahkaullus01,"A nice, interesting, creepy little game that leaves you questioning the sanity of the cast, and the crew. The fourth wall has never felt so weak.However, we are still no closer to uncovering the secret of Simon's Homebrew."
76561197964110177,Recommended,545540,32047601,Posted: 29 May,all,Little Bobby Tables,"While TIMODD can be very frusterating at times, overall it is a pretty good time. Best if enjoyed in short discrete bites.The acting is reasonably creepy, and the format is new to me.The novelty doesn't seem to wear off.This is a perfect game to play for five mintues, learn 3 things you didn't know before and then put down."
76561198067167353,Recommended,545540,32833879,Posted: 26 June,all,Poutienumber,"This was a fantastic game. Though the question system was a bit frustrating at times, forcing you to type in snippits instead of true conversation, I still thoroughly enjoyed the experience."
76561198030178922,Not Recommended,545540,31981358,Posted: 26 May,all,Kel,"This game has a decent concept, but the execution is terrible. Trying to find the exact phrase required to ask whatever nonsensical question the game demands you ask is extremely frustrating."
76561198002663468,Recommended,545540,34814223,Posted: 8 September,all,toastmodernist,"This is a good game. If you like good games you might like this.If you like good games but also like to press buttons a lot that make you do things like jump or shoot you might not like this.If you like good games that are narrative focused and don't have action mechanics you are very likely to enjoy this.Verdict - Good game / 10Edit: If you insist that your game has lots of horses in it, you will NOT like this - 0 horses / horse"
76561198085919050,Recommended,545540,32557287,Posted: 18 June,all,Soly,"This game was great! I was anxious the entire time I was playing. The characters were very interesting. The way they spoke and reacted to your questions. It made me feel like I was truly a psychiatrist with them sitting in front of me. Although, it did make me realize I would be terrible at this (using hints more than I wish I would). The actors were great at making you feel uncomfortable and they played the roles of the characters very well.Jaya's Jumpscares and the patients deep stares!!I recommend this game to anyone who is interested in psychology and the way people think and act while getting to play detective as well. I got really connected with the patients and understood their negative behaviors which really makes you think there is so much more into murderers and people with mental illnesses than people care to learn."
76561198067363026,Recommended,545540,32579568,Posted: 19 June,all,wisegal99,"This was a fun game and an intriguing story.  Some of the patients were really creepy and the game has an overall creepy vibe.  The only critism I have of this game is that sometimes the hint cool down takes way to long, and with all games that you have to ask questions, sometimes the question is very picky in the way that it needs to be worded."
76561198002450835,Recommended,545540,33249005,Posted: 4 July,all,Nutlaw,"This is an interesting game along the lines of Her Story, though it's much longer. Fun theme and solid acting by the main characters. The story was mostly consistent enough, given the potential branching paths. Waiting to guess keywords wasn't ideal and I'm not sure that I love some amount of randomness in terms of how the ending plays out, but it was worth experiencing. Only play if this style of game is clearly appealing to you."
76561198017433595,Recommended,545540,32117174,Posted: 1 June,all,MoonWeasel,This game sucked me in! I'm over 15 hours in and i still dont know who the killer is! I'm not getting anything else done!
,Recommended,545540,33058111,Posted: 30 June,all,KaiPonVisp,"I like this game. It's weird and maddening and you almost don't know what's real and what isn't after a while. I'm a big fan of  Lovecraftian mythos, and I just absolutely adore games like this."
76561198011515841,Recommended,545540,33114626,Posted: 1 July,all,LJS67,I absolutely loved this game!  The acting was so well done and the characters were all quite unique from each other. I couldn't stop playing and kept rushing back so I could keep going with the therapy and watching myself dip into their madness myself.  So much fun and so very well done!I'm not sure if this game is for everyone.  The keywords for the questions you ask the patients can be a bit tricky and takes some patience to get the hang of it.  There is a replay with subtitles and italics to help you along without the hints.  I didn't mind the replay.  Most of the time it was helpful to hear what they were saying again and it was easy for me to forget pay attention to the keywords because I was too busy listening to the character tell a story.When some time goes by I think I would play again to sink to the depths of insanity and maybe hint myself to aspects of the things I know I missed.  The only thing I wish was if I could have had a manual save to see what happened if you accuse the wrong suspect.  I'll just have to play again.
76561198003959886,Recommended,545540,33123089,Posted: 2 July,all,Venomous Platypus,"I have played through this game twice already, yes it can be frustrating at times, but what great game isn't?!  I was blown away by this game!  I loved every single part of it!  Every question that needed to be asked, every new piece of information I got!  Ive gotten 2 different endings and I fully plan to play it many more times!  I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone whose interested in story based games and the twists and turns that come with this kind of game!  Everyone close to me has heard me gush about it and have bought it for themselves!  and I think you should too!"
76561198082076558,Recommended,545540,31951594,Posted: 25 May,all,doodlesnickers89,"I wish they had a ""I still recommend it, but with great reservations, and most of my recommendation is just wanting to see more games like this"" button.Time for some hot +/- action:+ The acting. The actors are mostly just regular schlubs going through daily life with weird things happening, and they carry that across very well. It's not too hammy (with the exception of the guy who played the villain in Contradiction, another FMV game I very highly recommend), most of them swing between frustration and placidity, which works quite well considering that most of them are breaking or outright broken.+ The atmosphere. The Lovecraftian elements of this come ushering in pretty early. Once they do, and once the people start telling personal stories close to Pet Semetary, Groundhog Day, and Call of Cthulhu, the acting actiually turns a bit spooky, where these mundane characters become quite unsettling.+ Directing the characters. While you're trying to solve the murder of your predecessor, you're also trying to deal with his patients, most of whom are quite mad. They engage with you and ask you questions just the same as you ask them questions. You're often given the choice to decide whether to indulge these people or direct thm away. You can also minutely direct their therapy even as you try to solve these murders. I really liked this system.+Ambiguity of the atmosphere. A weird way to phrase it, but I was kind of irritated about the fact the game wouldn't indicate if these people were insane or if some Eldritch horror was going on before I realized that it was the entire point. You are like the doctor, unsure of what's a lie and what isn't, what of these fantastical stories are accurate, who was genuinely insane and who's just a normal person with problems, etc. It added an ambiguity to the playthrough that I ended up really loving, even though the lack of closure at the end (see: ambivalent ending) left me a little disappointed.+/- The outcome. When the game told me to make an accusation of who had killed Dr Dekker, I was quite blindsided. I felt like I didn't have enough information to accuse any of them except for one, and I was right. I think there could've been more intrigue; a kind of Clue-esque bit where you could explain the murder with any one of these people.+/- Ambivalent ending. I'm trying to tiptoe around this without spoilers. The problem with the ending is it comes to a conclusion about these characters that I didn't feel made sense. They told some pretty wild stories, stories that couldn't be false based on the evidence, then the story's like ""Welp, that's that then."" and it left me wondering if what they were saying was true or false. I would've liked more context at the ending, is what I'm saying. Unless they're leaving it open-ended for a sequel, it felt kinda cheap.- (and this is a big negative) The question system. The only negative I have, but damn is it a big one. You ask questions of these people, but the system could be quite selective on what keywords you use. Sometimes the questions you ask are things you shouldn't need to ask, because a five year old would've come to the obvious conclusion that you're asking about. Some questions were completely irrelevant and didn't reveal anything that mattered either about the character or the story.You HAVE to play this game with hints. Part of the problem is the selective system, another part is that the conversations have a habit of pregressing pretty far past the point where you started, giving you multiple questions to ask before one question branches it out even further. Sometimes, even when I'd get hints, I still couldn't figure out what it wanted me to ask.Funny enough, the system could also be the opposite of choosy, where saying a keyword would have them answer a question you didn't ask or that we haven't gotten to yet. I think some of the conversations probably should've been locked until you progressed to a certain point. It would've made the conversations more natural, and it was weird to go a half hour about this girl blacking out naked by the sea before I was like ""Oh, what's your name, by the way?""The characters also sometimes had a very irritating habit of trailing off at the end of the sentence, forcing me to be like ""And what?"" so they can continue on. It felt unecessary. There were also times where, because you could accidentally get ahead of where the conversation should naturally be, I'd be forced to ask questions I'd already gotten answers to simply to move the branch along.So in the end, I'd say ""How much do you like FMV games?"". If you answer ""A lot"", for 9 bucks, I'd say it'd be fair to give this game a shot. Otherwise, check out an LP first."
76561198031525086,Recommended,545540,31951135,Posted: 25 May,all,Sed41,"Great game!It's not going to be the kind of game that's for everyone but the characters are interesting, the acting is good (when you actually play the game it comes across better than it does in the trailer) and it makes for a very unique and captivating interactive movie with some light choices to be made.For the most part the questions you ask are fairly intuitive considering just how many dialogue responses there are to trigger. There is some room for improvement with this though and the devs seem to be working on it.I did have an unfortunate issue with a corrupt save file...but the the developers literally fixed my save file and got it back to me within 30 minutes. They are also actively taking advice about ways to improve the game and actually listening to the community.If you're remotely interested in this game - get it. It's well worth the price and the people who worked on this game actually deserve your money."
,Recommended,545540,32399281,Posted: 13 June,all,ScarlettEquinox,"This was such a good game. I had no idea really what to expect from it when my sister and I started to play it - but it wasn't that much money so we decided to give it a go. And it was so intriguing and kept us guessing and laughing. The scares were great, they would show up randomly and really make us jump or scream. There are some problems with it (like if you are trying to ask a question if you don't get the wording exactly right it sometimes won't register- but hints can often fix this as they tell you how to word it correctly.). Don't be afraid to use the hints- they are in no way punishing to use hints- in fact you get achievements FOR using hints.  The game is set up so you don't have to replay it to get the full game experience but leaves enough that if you want to replay it you can. The acting is absolutely amazing. In my opinion this was worth way more than just $8."
76561197989410470,Recommended,545540,33664931,Posted: 19 July,all,ZombieHunter,"Very good game. Yes, the parser has issues figuring out what you are trying to say and at times this can get annoying. However the overall experience of the game is very unique and the FMV and acting are for the most part spot on. Story is interesting and I feel in the end the game delivered exactly what it intended to and did it with style.I have to give credit to studios that are willing to try something unique and take a gamble on something that has not been done before and then succeed at doing it.I wouldn't miss out on this game. Unique and satisfying experience if at times frustrating due to fighting with the parser.Hope there are more games like this in the future."
76561198025293846,Recommended,545540,33930734,Posted: 31 July,all,loppantorkel,"Pretty good game. Nice concept, story and overall performances of the actors. I've played it through once so far and used a few hints to complete the game. It might have taken around 15 hours, effective play time. The story and dialogues are the main attractions of the game and you're never quite sure what to expect or how it will end. The text driven gameplay was decent, great when all pieces fell in place, a bit frustrating at other times. Using hints a bit more probably would've reduced some frustration. I thought it was well worth the low cost of 8,99€. Even more so when I found out about the several different conclusions to the game. It's a slow, text driven game in which story and dialogue is in focus. There's a fairly strong Lovecraftian element to the story and may not be to everyone's liking."
76561197986263233,Recommended,545540,33499710,Posted: 13 July,all,ShadowNate,"A very different from the usual FMV adventure game, with a welcome mechanic of a text parser where you can freely type questions and answers.The acting is very good, the characters and the themes are interesting (albeit a few times a bit disturbing too) and the story packs quite a few surprises.The text parser does have a few issues. (As it is currently) Sometimes the game will expect specific wording for a question or answer. For example (not an actual question from the game) ""How did John die?"" and ""How did your son die?"" could refer to the same thing, but the game would accept only one of the two. A few other times a keyword in your text will trigger a response that is not what you intended to ask and in fact is further into the logical development of your dialogue with that person.But there are other times that the text parser works surprisingly well, and the developers seem to be actively patching the game, so this could get even more improved down the line.Also, there is a hint system that will help you get unstuck at any point.Overall, I do recommend the game. I've spent quite a few hours with it, loved most of its characters, and was very impressed by the production values and quality."
76561197992855409,Recommended,545540,33131489,Posted: 2 July,all,Aristotlol,"FMV – the beast that should not be. It’s such an unlikely underdog, such an inexplicable contender for revival, such a shambling, clumsy mess. To those of us who played and somehow enjoyed the first FMV games of yesteryear, the very idea of bringing them back should seem almost scandalously ill-conceived. It’s that incongruity between the impossibility and reality of new FMV games that makes them such an irresistible treat. But more than this, what distinguishes Dekker (like Her Story before it) is the fact that it takes the stilted, on-again, off-again interactivity of navigating FMV sequences and grafts it onto a heavily constrained search engine. Given that I grew up in an Internet-deprived place and time, and so that FMV for me belongs to a decidedly pre-Google era, searching for keywords in these more recent offerings lends them yet another intriguing note of juxtaposition, between the dated and the modern.I’m glad I picked up Dr Oetker. It strikes an entrancing balance between promise and the problematic, as all the while its rough course is somewhat softened by the warmth of its underlying humour. Without wishing to seem crass, it also bears remarking that Dekker doesn’t cost a lot, so it really doesn’t represent much of a risk if you’re considering dipping into this peculiar FMV/text movement (again). It certainly makes for an excellent alternative to a B-movie night, either with friends or on your own.more athttp://memorat.blogspot.ie/2017/07/the-infectious-madness-of-doctor-dekker.htmltweets athttps://twitter.com/memorating"
76561197965272558,Not Recommended,545540,31923686,Posted: 23 May,all,Daetrez,"I don't really feel like this game tells you what you are doing or sets the scene at all, which seems strange from a gameplay point of view and a narrative one too. So you start the game with no idea really what's going on or what you're meant to do and, gameplay wise, how to actually do it.The game is based around having conversations with your patients, but the conversations are near impossible to navigate. You really only get responses to very specific questions and the responses just come from trigger words and ignore how you phrase the question. So you can ask someone 'what they had for dinner' and if 'dinner' is an important topic then they will talk about it, but they won't directly answer your question. Immediately this makes conversations flow really awkwardly and really you needn't ask questions at all. As in the example I just gave you could just say 'dinner' and they would say what they were going to anyway. This disrupts any connection to the idea that you are having a  conversation or that what you type actually matters.Edit: I forgot to add that the game really stunts you from having a conversation with people, as so many things you try to talk about are just met with a 'I don't want to talk about that' or 'I don't know about that' response. It is really jarring for trying to have a conversation.Pretty disappointed overall. I only played for 40 minutes, so take from that what you will."
76561197967525428,Recommended,545540,33978497,Posted: 2 August,all,Pensive Goat,"Cool FMV deduction game, lots of play time for the cost."
76561198030475027,Recommended,545540,31924179,Posted: 23 May,all,Tempest,"Only halfway of the game and it is a nicely done game at least for now!As I am not a native English speaker, sometimes the grammatical requirements for typing is a little bit annoying."
76561198112432986,Recommended,545540,32056099,Posted: 29 May,all,OlafBerserker,"Highly recommend.  The game wont take long to play through but has multiple endings and a fairly engaging story.  A few times the chat seemed a little wonky and some of the repeat ""i dont know"" type responses can get annoying if you happen to get stuck on a response but once you get the hang of it, you get pulled into the story and its pretty fun all the way through. Plus its a FMV game with good acting in it, so thats cool too."
76561197997501863,Not Recommended,545540,34273944,Posted: 16 August,all,Seyden,"Should one get this game?Without spoilering here is my experience: I love lovecraftian tales and the game looks super interesting. The characters in it are unique and also super interesting. Thing is - this entire thing would be a thousand times better as some kind of visual novel with a few choices in there.The medium through which you play this game is so beyond terrible no matter how interesed i was in the entire thing i could not get myself to play it through. I just couldn't. So i stopped after 5 hours simply because the text box game is so awful it will frustate you enough for YOU to be needing a therapist. I will probably check if i can find a full stichted together movie version of this but i just cannot stand this♥♥♥♥♥♥textbox ANY LONGER.Sometimes a right question is denied because the game FIRST needs to answer 2 single keywords of that question before you can make that connection. ""Blackout beach"" for example. The person will be confused and ask you not so much at once for literally 2 words because you have to FIRST listen to blackout, THEN listen to beach. And after that you can connect it. Unnatural and annoying. Even worse of a feeling is that relativly often you will ask/have asked a correct question but have not phrased it word by word in the way the game wants you to and you get a ""I Dunno"" response, labeling said question as ""Oh, quess she doesnt have something to say about that"" only to never ever find said question UNTIL you type ""Hint"" and THEN get it served back to you ala. ""Oh you should ask this"". It feels insulting. The gameplay is out of this world garbage, the story seems super interesing. <- With those two factors in mind you should make up your choice to buy it or leave it."
,Not Recommended,545540,31958959,Posted: 25 May,all,Kyuur,"Good concept, great acting and characters marred by a terrible input system.The text parser is horrendous and while in some games you can get around a bad one by typing simply keywords, the game requires that you distinguish questions with grammar. Often you can get a response that makes no sense to your query simply because it contains a keyword; other times your query simply isn't understood and you check the hint only to discover the game wants you to ask exactly what you just typed, just phrased differently. I finally reached a point where I have the hint, yet cannot figure for the life of me how the hell to get the game to parse what I'm typing as what the hint is telling me to do. Needless to say I won't be continuing."
,Recommended,545540,31882743,Posted: 21 May,all,Omen UK,"Gah I hate this game so much, why won't they just answer my darn question... (lol)Ok so... in the little time I have played this I have become irritated at times, mostly by my ignorance and lack of ideas on what to ask though, rather than at the game itself suprisingly.  The Infectious Madness of Doctor Dekker is hard to categorize, it's a murder mystery FMV, I guess part puzzler.But there is something abou this game, it's hard to put your finger on it but it's realy interestiing, the concept and acting is great, the responses to your questions (1,600 I believe, full screen videos) and the branching story and multiple endings make this something that isn't just worth buying for the gameplay and presentation but for the replayablity.  You can ask different questions, however asking the wrong ones I asume will adversely affect the way things go.Overall, would recommend, well worth the £7  and makes me intrigued to see what the developewrs come up with next."
,Recommended,545540,32074894,Posted: 30 May,all,Xiija - Metanix.net,"****POTENTIAL SPOILERS****So I have just completed this game and I have to say it was amazing.Granted, some of the responses I wrote didn't get the intended answer but thats to be expected with the type of game that this is.I managed to get the killer on the first go which was good but the killers response left me with more questions than answers really.One thing that made me chuckle was that the game is designed that you're playing a male protagonist. There were a few times that I was accused of doing manly things which, being female, made no sense at all but it did add humour for me. (One example is that I was accused of being jealous by Nathan that Marianna fancied him when tbh, I would naturally be jealous of the reverse)Regardless, the characters are well acted, the story is in depth and although there is the one killer of Dekker, the other patients are by no means innocent.Couple of cheap jump scares that got me but it added to my enjoyment of the game.All in all a new experience for me and one I highly enjoyed."
,Recommended,545540,31978496,Posted: 26 May,all,Jay,"It seems to be a very well thought out game.I'm going to keep playing it and maybe update this later.-update at 8hrs inIt has a lot of promise and very interesting story lines. The characters are developed properly it would appear and progression is rewarding in an informational sense. Just try talking to the patients like you would if you were there with them. You have to really pay attention to what they say and dig deeper into what they're saying. Hints will eventually run out by the way so you can't hint your way through the whole thing which is nice. I had an issue when I had got all of my patients to green (completely questioned) and didn't realize there was a continue button under the notes button. You press that to continue forward obviously to the next act. There isn't any notification about the button either.The game is very psychological and will get you thinking things about the people you're questioning. It's really refreshing in many ways. Although sometimes it will feel like an interactive movie and less of a game other times it will feel quite the opposite. Repeating things back to the patients like a real world psychologist would do is the main strategy here. If you can't pay attention to detail then this game isn't for you. It's also nice that people are still making FMV games like in a kind of 90s style. This is perhaps one of the coolest formats I've ever seen for a FMV and I'm really enjoying the story so far. I've noticed only 1 bug in the game so far where it ended a cut scene for no reason but the developer gave me the video that I missed which was really cool. The developer seems to be really involved on the forum for this title which is really cool. So far this game is a solid 8/10 and I would recommend it to a friend.If you've ever wanted to be a psychologist, this is the game for you.-- updateBeat it with green all the way through and it was well worth it. Excellent story line and the characters really do make you feel strange the longer you play it. Creepy and a solid 9/10 FMV game. I would definitely recommend it. Good luck, Doctor..."
76561197972853086,Recommended,545540,31847006,Posted: 19 May,all,Drakxii,5 hours in... I have no idea what is going or what is even real... but I must play more!
,Not Recommended,545540,32345965,Posted: 11 June,all,ettglasjuice,"While a good concept with a suspenseful plot The Infectious Madness of Doctor Dekker falls shortly mainly due to the gameplay loop relying way too heavy on guesswork. I found myself just listening to the same sound bites over and over again trying out different phrases from the answers. Unlike Her Story there is no sense of discovery and progression but instead just a repetative procedure of eliminating every single possible question to ask. In the end I would much prefer to just watch the story unfold than have to take any part in the gameplay aspects, and I truly believe an auto play feature would be to this games benefit."
76561197998370759,Recommended,545540,31908078,Posted: 22 May,all,Goatheim,"Strange, Fun and compelling. After the first 4 hours i just wanted to keep digging deeper."
76561198035761213,Recommended,545540,31882456,Posted: 21 May,all,Dindirindaña,Excellent game. Riveting narrative. Well worth a play.
76561198015531904,Recommended,545540,32015563,Posted: 28 May,all,demon,Unique
,Recommended,545540,31859092,Posted: 20 May,all,Doctor Bonnie Gaming 2,"I havn't played that game for that long (about half an hour or so) but I really like this game and find it very interesting and also very nice and, in a way. Relaxing.The actors are amazing at their jobs and the videos are very well made. The actors can be very scary and I like that. I really like the story so far and find them gripping.I would recommend it to anyone who like these types of games.I like how we have to type questions to get answers and find it quite good.Very good game and I hope I'll enjoy the rest of it. Good job! You did very well with this game!I give it a 10/10P.S. I should warn you that this game is very long! I've played half an hour and only have 2%."
,Not Recommended,545540,32046667,Posted: 29 May,all,Sethkitty23,"After writing out the same question five different times and the AI still not understanding me, gonna give this one a pass. The story is so damn intresting but the gameplay makes it a chore to play"
,Not Recommended,545540,33708363,Posted: 21 July,all,Lovecraftian,"It's a nice concept, but in my opinion it needs a lot of tuning."
76561197968300576,Not Recommended,545540,31917105,Posted: 23 May,all,Paulyps,"This game is horribly frustrating. The game tells you to use keywords to ask the patients questions, but they patients often get confused or dont recognize thier own words. When you ask for a hint the game just gives you some random question you can ask that gives you a response, but the responses often lead nowhere, so the hint is completely useless. I have found at least 2 contradictions in patient statements but no matter what combination of words I use they just say the don't know what I'm talking about or I've already asked the question. There seems to be a very specific path using very specific words that you have to follow but the game is very unforgiving about how to get to that path and gives you literally no clues. It's basically a 1000 monkeys with typewritters test. If you keep typing forever you might get the right answer! Seriously, I want to punch the people who made this game."
76561198265145250,Not Recommended,545540,31960453,Posted: 25 May,all,ruby.brittle1992,"I found this game utterly disappointing.The premise is a great idea - but by act 4 it was very tedious. Unlike other games of this genre, this is literally listen to lots of videos and just type the words that are said. There was nothing else. No looking at clues, you are given three or four files to read but this wasnt executed in a way which brought much excitement to the game. It was for me just very dull.But what really got me about this game is that I didnt get the ending that everyone else seems to get. I wont spoil it - but suffice to say that I actually never found out who committed the murder and the end was ambigous as everything else in the game. I had to youtube videos to find out the ending. I appreciate there appears to be multiple ending and maybe I didnt play enough or push the characters enough - but I really couldn't be bothered. I ended up hitting that hint button just to try and move it along."
,Not Recommended,545540,32381242,Posted: 12 June,all,🐧 crow,"It's like HER STORY, except now there's more people so you have to trial and error through keywords multiple times instead of once! Also the acting is much worse and very obvious things you would ask about have no response. Ask who they think murdered the guy and they say they don't know what you're asking about.....Disapointing."
,Not Recommended,545540,32331597,Posted: 10 June,all,miagolano,"After playing Her Story, I thought this would be as good, if not better. After 20 minutes it became apparent that this was not as good. Thanks to Steam for giving me a refund.I asked questions based on what the characters were saying and more often than not, got a ""I have no idea what that is"" responses. There was nothing really drawing me into the story. Just plain boring."
76561197988395046,Not Recommended,545540,33982445,Posted: 2 August,all,geek?crack!crom£,It did not fulfill any of my expectations.It's not the psychiatric who has the investigation in his hands... The story is not interesting at all because there are too much elements and different individuals and tasks: helping them? following investigation?You would like to push the discution futher in a certain direction and there is just too little that each individuals can say...And the who the ♥♥♥♥ is that women speaking to you without any respect at the beginning of the game.I'm just so disappointed.
76561198399625899,Not Recommended,545540,32791327,Posted: 25 June,all,leveldown101,I honestly don't recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,545540,31930062,Posted: 23 May,all,pBeth,Can you please give an option for fullscreen? Like.. how does a game in 2017 not have an option to play fullscreen? Not everyone wants to play in windowed fullscreen.
76561198137216042,Not Recommended,545540,32511715,Posted: 17 June,all,Fluffykkins,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really bad.
76561197993728469,Recommended,545540,31947030,Posted: 25 May,all,Archanox,Previously this was a negative review about the game letting you accidentally answer questions that hadn't been asked yet.  It appears the devs released a patch to fix this.  I appreciate the fact that they addressed this so quickly and also with that problem out of the way I think I needed to change this to be a positive review.  Thanks for your hard work devs!
76561198031694378,Recommended,545540,32111930,Posted: 1 June,all,agrandstaff,"Really enjoyed it. Interesting story, good acting. Definitely needed the hint system, but was worth it."
76561198110814858,Recommended,545540,32154376,Posted: 3 June,all,Chrispy Beef,"I played with a mate, really good fun! Once you figure out how it works you can really get into depth with all the characters."
76561198069734262,Recommended,545540,32165607,Posted: 3 June,all,erpmario,"Yes, yes, yes, and yes. I don't even know what is real anymore, and dammit, I love it so much. I knew Marianna was too sweet to kill anyone. :3Why are you still reading my review? Just buy it already! So worth.14th/10 would get mind♥♥♥♥ed again."
76561198120134131,Recommended,545540,32177570,Posted: 4 June,all,Havelock,Get this game if you:- like FMV- fan of Lovecraft- need to impersonate a therapist(...just kidding ... or am i? ... no)More forgiving grammar check would be nice :)
76561198314822716,Recommended,545540,32167785,Posted: 3 June,all,annalindell13,"I was a big fan of Conviction, so I was excited they made another game. Highly recommend. It takes a little time to get used to asking questions, but once you get the hang of it it's pretty fun. The acting was surprisingly good, and the stories were interesting."
,Recommended,545540,32194631,Posted: 5 June,all,Shatter,"An excellent delve into psychological horror via the minds of the Dr Dekker and his patients. The insanity mechanic is fascinating, and some of the character's stories are truly chilling to uncover. The extra patients who are not suspects of the murder are some of the best told short horror stories I've ever encountered.Do you sell double glazing?"
,Recommended,545540,33244087,Posted: 4 July,all,zyanklee,Devs of this game are currently working on Linux support. It runs very well on my system even this early in the porting process. Great work guys!To test it yourself you have to select the linuxtest beta channel before installing.
76561197970429726,Recommended,545540,33242878,Posted: 4 July,all,Ur-Lord Wayland,"I really, really, REALLY liked the acting!  You actually believe your patients and your assistant Jaya are exactly who they say they are and that their problems are real.  This being a game composed of video responses, you feel more connected with the characters than if they were CGI.The music is nice and creepy.Overall feel of the game was unsettling.My main issue was the typed question interface.  At times it was easy to delve deeper into what a character was getting at, but often I found myself just banging away at combinations of phrases and keywords hoping to get somewhere.I'd recommend this if you have a few consecutive hours to dedicate for a play through, otherwise it's easy to lose track of all the threads running around in your head."
,Recommended,545540,32277671,Posted: 8 June,all,SaltyReinn,"Honestly, it was a rollercoeaster of emotions. Anybody that loves a detective story is going to enjoy this game thoroughly. 10/10 would recommend. Solid performance from the actors, only a few small flaws in the game (when you trigger a future answer too early with a certain word, or having trouble phrasing a sentence correctly that would give you the answer). Wouldn't recommend to people that have trouble with English spelling, because you'll have to spend some time looking at the subtitles or not getting answers to your questions, because you typed something wrong. In any case, even when you think that you know who did it, doubts are placed on judgement day, the game keeps you on your toes. Plus, it is replayable, because the killer is picked at random."
76561198000066860,Recommended,545540,32302959,Posted: 9 June,all,sicod,"If you like FMV games this is essentially an FMV bottle episode and you will enjoy it. Although you can look at evidence of various things you tend to stay in your office.This game has you ask a lot of questions.Do you want to be a good therapist or are you on a power trip?How sane are you exactly?Do you believe in the paranormal?You actually get to treat patients witha wide variety of conditions (some optional) and you can do a good job, or a horrible one. It's up to you.As mentioned in other reviews the keyword mechanic is finicky and you WILL need hints if you want to explore all the questions. With persistence you can finish the game without hints, but you will never explore all possible conversations on your own.You get to see the results of your handiwork in the ending which is always a plus.The acting is good; I have not noticed any technical flaws. The only real issue is the keywords.In the immortal words of Tatsu from TMNT: ""Go. Play, Have fun."""
76561198093223590,Recommended,545540,32244316,Posted: 7 June,all,Christie,"I really loved this game. I was totally engrossed in the storyline.Note to anyone playing: YOU ARE ALLOWED TO USE HINTS! There is NOT negative impact of doing so-- it actually helps you complete the game rather than get stuck and frustrated. Just turn the cooldown meter down and use it when you need to. You'll easily 'orange' everyone without hints but using them to get green is necessary. It's really refreshing that using hints to 100% the game really didn't have a negative impact on the playthrough, like the creators of the game realized that some guesses were a bit of a stretch.Overall, excellent experience."
,Recommended,545540,32243951,Posted: 7 June,all,Classified,"Fantastic game, if you like Her Story and such games this is a must own. Well acted and Well written."
,Recommended,545540,32245746,Posted: 7 June,all,The Best Submarine,"Great FMV game! It plays out like a mystery thriller, where you learn more about your patients while trying to help them recover. This is not a visual novel - you directly affect each of your patients and yourself each time you interact with them. Unfortunately questioning the patients is the worst part. The devs are very responsive and improving the language parser over time, so it might get better.Tip: Don't go the completionist route. Pushing yourself to get every response from each patient is not only frustrating but can have other consequences."
,Recommended,545540,32634735,Posted: 21 June,all,harmonyjoonie,"Super freaky but absolutely amazing, if you like mystery games you'll really enjoy this"
