user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,549080,31534412,Posted: 3 May,all,thebaymonster,"Graviteam is a Ukranian developer and perhaps one of- if not the last- old school mentality devs out there. And by old school I mean the type that anyone under a quarter century years old isn't going to understand. Today's devs would rather make a beautiful UI that sacrifices options and depth to acheive it. Not these guys. The UI is a nightmare that will make newcomer's eyes bleed, but learn it and it's extremely functional. The options go deep. You have several pages worth of tweaks to go over, etc. This game is like a PC, and all other games are Mac.Look at the highest rated pictures for this game. That is how the game feels once you learn to play it. But you have to learn it, and it takes time, and before you do it won't look or play at all how those pictures are. You get what you put into it, but if you put a lot into it, BOY are you rewarded. This is the deepest and most realistic combat game I have ever played, and it's honestly ruined all the other war games out there for me. I enjoy other RTS like Wargame, but when people say they're realistic I just laugh now. Graviteam nails it. It's like if you took the old ""Close Combat"" from back in the day and updated it to 3D then made it everything you could have dreamed it to be before it got screwed up with the latest iterations.In closing, if you have the time and desire for a realistic WW2 game, it would be a CRIME not to give this game a shot. Be willing to put in a few frustrating hours, but then be ready for that reward. Trust me."
76561198007033308,Recommended,549080,31778895,Posted: 15 May,all,sandman2575,"Another impressive installment from the good folks at Graviteam...Graviteam's games -- whether this, Mius Front, Operation Star -- are a bit of a hard sell for the uninitiated. There is a *steep* learning curve. Documentation on how to play the game is spotty at best and often confusing due to translation issues. In short, the only way to learn these games is to invest some serious time playing, reading, experimenting, watching YouTube tutorials. I understand why some folks bounce pretty hard off these games. They undeniably demand commitment on the player's part in order to learn, and for some, that's asking too much -- and I get that. To each his own.But -- if you're willing to take the time to learn Graviteam's games, I promise you, you will be rewarded. Doubly so if you have a serious interest in World War 2 and in authentic units, command hierarchy, orders of battle. All this stuff is accurately, painstakingly reproduced in these games. There is really nothing else like it on the market, save some games (like Battlefront's Combat Mission series) that are not available on Steam and likely never will be.One of the biggest complaints I hear about these games is: ""the UI sucks!!!""  I really totally disagree with this. The UI is not bad, at all. It *is* unusual and does require an effort to learn. But it's by no means impossible to figure out, and once you do, you will find it a flexible, elegant way of commanding units and controlling the game. Graviteam's UIs have improved a good deal from the days of Achtung Panzer: Kharkov '43. Mius Front, and now Tunisia 1943 feature a really streamlined, effective UI. But you need to get the hang of it. Again, this is where YouTube and forums come in handy.The only potential 'strike' against Tunisia right now is the relative paucity of content, especially compared to Mius Front (which, to be fair, has already had several DLCs). The selling point in Tunisia, for me, is the Sidi bou Zid campaign, which is the single biggest campaign Graviteam has yet put out. The scope is truly epic. And the terrain is a fascinating departure from the Eastern Front. Some screenshots may be a little misleading -- ""it all looks like flat desert"" -- but that's not the case. Some areas of the Sidi bou Zid map feature the steepest / highest elevations ever offered in a Graviteam game. Makes for really interesting combat after the gently rolling slopes of Mius Front / Op. Star.TL:DR -- Graviteam fans should by all means add Tunisia 1943 to their Steam library. For the Graviteam-curious-but-not-yet-converted -- well, no harm giving it a try. These games really are worth the effort required to learn them."
,Recommended,549080,33262677,Posted: 4 July,all,Tony12w09,"0h:18m. I was hoping that this would be a DLC instead of a standalone software. Comparing Tunisia 1943 to Mius Front, I think that the user interface, controls, and units are almost the same. Tunisia map is much larger battlefield compared to Mius Front. The weapon and unit sound effects are different.1h:26m. The artificial intelligence behave differently compared to Mius Front. The animations of the infantry are slightly different.3.7h. The terrain is very bumpy. The infantry can bump into each other if they collide, which is something I did not see in Mius Front. The U.S. firepower is a lot weaker than the Wehrmacht's. I would really need to think and plan carefully for the U.S.7.7h. Friendly and enemy units are difficult to see on the terrain Tunisia, especially in the dark. Their colours blend into the environment.7.9h. Longstop Hill DLC is released today. I had to reinstall Longstop Hill DLC a few times just to run it. Buggy installation. The new battlefield is smaller in size, and terrain is very detailed with plants, green colours, and big hills. Commanding in the operational phase affects the entire company for each square, so moving each square figure would generally move a very large number of units. Previously we command platoons for each square in other earlier campaigns, which is smaller. I still hear the frog croak and bird chirp ambient sounds, which is awkward for this terrain. Multiplayer still doesn't work.14.4h. Why are the infantry exploding? Huh? I just learned that there are minefields. Apparently, we all are supposed to read the changelog, according to Andrey.I'll write more updates to my review."
76561197988561808,Recommended,549080,31521099,Posted: 3 May,all,FraGG,"If youre not into hardcore simulators of warfare leave now :) If the thought of a insanely realistic game sounds good to you stay a while and listenThis game is the best and most realistic game of ww2 warfare. Penetration, tactics, daytime, scale, units, research, chain of command, strategy weather, fuel, ammunition, radio communication, flare communcation, communication via words and the range of those, laying radio cables between your lines orders need to travel, indiviual lines of sight, you cant spam orders, highly researched terrain, etc.It came along way this is not the first just look up graviteam tactics mius star or the older graviteam tactics operation star ( very hard) but ofc older.It is as i said a hard, slow, at first confusing and ultra realistic game. It is nothing like your regular rts.This is the heavyweight champion of ww2 rts games.It might not seem much at first when watching the videos but damn its great. Also its one of those games that is maybe not so fun too watch but will keep you occupied for hours hovering over the map thinking about your strategyThis is a niche market if youre not up to learn before playing than the game is not for you. But man does that pay in the end...your missing something."
,Recommended,549080,31498989,Posted: 1 May,all,HaZZarD,"Tank Warfare: Tunisia 1943 comes closer than any other game I have yet played to representing the complex situational challenges of the battlefield. It is a superb game, limited only by a weak marketing, that every serious war gamer should definitely have in his or her stable.This game has clearly been designed by a team with a deep understanding of military tactics and a passion for realism and historical accuracy.I can't praise the game highly enough and I can only say to those of you who have not yet purchased it, or who gave up on this series because of its complexity, that you are missing out on the opportunity to experience and contribute to the finest war simulation ever made.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=917449103"
76561197996142634,Recommended,549080,32245150,Posted: 7 June,all,lthenkel,Easy transition from Mius Front. THE game if you want a realistic depiction of the horrors of war. My poor pixel warriors...
76561198021417927,Recommended,549080,34228169,Posted: 13 August,all,71st_AH_J13Serenity,"One of the best and most realistic WW2 RTSCompexity of combat mission, graphics from 2016, and AI that will make a formidable foe without cheating.- Game is somewhat between fast-paced micro-heavy RTS like COH, wargame etc... and global games like HOI, Unity of command etc...- This game is more like a ""company or batalion command"" simulator. Player does not have to micro every unit, AI is really good at following general orders where player only has to set general rules of engegament and type of action attack, defend, assault etc... Units will automaticly use cover, maneuver, use smoke and any heavy weapons, spotters will automatically call in arty and mortar support if telephone or radio link is established....- And yet, micro management is still present, it is just not required all the time and only used in certain situations.- Turn-based operation stage with global map allows for more flexibility and control.Goal is to capture and hold victory points. Ai will try to do the same, and fighting might becamereally intense with all the day-night combat as well as weather factor. Maps are pretty big andvery well detailed.- Unlike many other games AI is not cheating and adapts to player actions fast and effeciently.It is able to properly use artillery, recon and make flanking maneuvers.On the operational stage AI will do everything to capture and hold victory points.Very good game"
,Recommended,549080,31655548,Posted: 9 May,all,Azir,"You won't find many games like this, this is one of the kind and one of the only games where you can really feel the atmosphere of WW2 and feel like a real commander.I still think Steel Armor was the best graviteam game, but everything else is great, the only problem with this current game is that there's only 3 campaigns with this price (But do note - it can take up to 50-80 hours to finish them all), there is an upcoming DLC with the British army included too.At this time (2017) I'm amazed to see devs like this continuing to publish realistic games like these (because the enjoy doing it) while most of the market caters to more casual playerbases, so I will give it 8.5/10"
,Recommended,549080,31494919,Posted: 1 May,all,TheMightySkwiz,"Bought this game the minute I saw it, I am a huge fan of Graviteam, I own every single one of their games and dlcs on steam, as well as things like steel fury. Pretty much plays exactly like Mius Front, same engine, same UI, just has different units and setting. So if you have played Mius Front, you know what to expect, it feels a little more polished here though.To keep it short and sweet if you enjoyed Mius Front I would reccomend this, but for people who do not like Graviteam Tactics games such as that do not bother with this, and if you currently have not grown tired of Mius Front you can hold off on the purchase since it's more of the same. However if you're like me and looking for some more arm chair general action pull the trigger on this product. So far for me this games a solid 4.5/5, I will update this review as I increase my playtime.TL;DR: Buy if you want more Mius Front, Don't buy if you are satisfied as is or dislike Graviteam Tactics."
76561197990605553,Recommended,549080,31501726,Posted: 2 May,all,ExacTed . Orion,"I really like Mius-Front and I like this new game even though it is pretty much the same with a few improvements and a different setting.This game, just like mius font has a steep lurning curve but it's definitely worth it ! The battles look great and are very realistic. The AI is also pretty good."
76561198274010039,Recommended,549080,33739620,Posted: 23 July,all,sergentguns85,"i like i recommend it but my quastion is wheres the anti aircraft guns? I would like to see aircraft combat implemented in your games including your one game graviteam tactics operation star becuase i see no way to take down aircraft with small arms so please add anti aircraft guns and air combat, it would be most aprecaited thank u."
76561197971381950,Recommended,549080,34467784,Posted: 24 August,all,Remontti Rene,"I'm new to Graviteam games. At first the user interface felt strange compared to Combat Mission series and I was about uninstall the whole game. Good thing that I gave it a second chance. Once you get hang of the UI, this game is very good."
76561198132741312,Recommended,549080,31497809,Posted: 1 May,all,Lt Col Frost,"Overall im enjoying this game so far, this game may have the same engine and UI as Graviteam Tactics Mius Front but is the start of new series on the Western Front and it begins in Tunisia. As we know this is made by Graviteam who made Graviteam Tactics Mius front and Graviteam Tactics Operation star which were very fun hardcore startegy sim games.To start of the game feature wise is pretty much the same as Mius Front however it features the US Army and and like Mius Front campaign is huge if not bigger. The size alone of the maps and units under your command is huge and it gives your pleanty of space on the strategic map where you can move your platoons around the map. You get three Campaigns which are Unternehmen Frühlingswind/Sidi Bou Zid as the Germans and Sidi Bou Zid and Faïd Pass as the US Army. Faïd Pass is the shortest and the other two are VERY long campaigns.The new Units in game quite fun to use especially the US halftracks which prove quite effective at times. For tanks you get all the german tanks and equipment from Mius front apart from Pz1, Stug III and Marders. The Germans get no new vehicles...yet but im sure we will get some in the near future. The US have a good amount of equipment to deploy, expect M4 Shermans, Willys, loads of Halftracks from AA to heavy support however i was expecting a M3 Lee but the models for vehicles take a long time to make and are the most detailed ive seen in any WW2 Strategy Sim.Historically speaking im glad they picked Tunisia to start on the Western Front especially Sidi Bou Zid. This was after Faïd Pass and just before the Battle of Kasserine Pass and overall it was the decisive engagement between US and German forces. The 21. Panzer and 10. Panzer Divisions attacked west of Faïd Pass and attacked Sidi Bou Zid on the 14 Febuary and within three days mauled the hard pressed surrounded US forces (168th Regiment and Combat command A of 1st Armored Division). I would expect to see the British/Commonwealth in the future as they attacked the Mareth Line and of course new German units.Overall a good game not jammed with content but it will build up with updates and DLC overtime. I trust Graviteam in making these kind of games as they put effort in every where they can and they have a passion for history which they show in the game as this is all based of REAL history and events that happened in WW2. Eastern front or Western front Graviteam make these kinds of ww2 sim games come to life.PROS-New setting in North Africa-Hard challenging gameplay-New faction (US Army)-Campaign is huge too make for hundreds of hours of gametime-Detailed historical accuracy-AI seems to use artillery better-Detailed units and nice infantry skinsCONS-No new German units-US voices seem to be random (i.e US infantryman says ""my leg hurts"" and ""whens lunch"" randomly)"
76561197967843123,Recommended,549080,31633558,Posted: 8 May,all,walkersouth,"I enjoyed this title because I enjoyed the previous Graviteam simulation Mius-Front (over 150 hrs).   If you played that game then you will feel right at home picking up this title as it is based on that system.   For the casual wargamer the learning curve is high and will require some extra effort to understand all the nuances this game has to offer.  If you are new to this series then be warned that this isn't a game that explaines itself well (If a title ever needed a solid user manual its this one and Mius-Front). However, persistance and the various user fourms and Youtube videos will help you understand how to get those off map arty assets working or how to use on map indirect fire.  Your AI enemy and AI controlled troops do a fair job of slugging it out without you having to micro manage every shot.  Its also one of a few games that lets the player simulate both stratigic and tactical levels of gameplay.  Think Close Combat only in 3D."
,Recommended,549080,34532541,Posted: 27 August,all,Lord Reefer,Very cool. Very cool.
76561197993993983,Recommended,549080,32398753,Posted: 13 June,all,Wilh,"Excellent game, the only thing that is missing is multiplayer however hopefully the devs will listen to the community and add it."
76561198055635606,Recommended,549080,31547683,Posted: 4 May,all,Sarge,"Overall, I was skeptical with the game when I bought it because I have Graviteam Tactics Operation Star, and it was too hard to learn/comprehend so I gave up on it. Knowing the same company made this game, again I thought I would play it for about an hour, then refund. I now say (after playing it for about an hour) that am now a firm supportive fan of the game. The game overall is very good for a just released game at a discount price, and I love the unit details when zoomed in. Tanks with dead people for example burning alive and the tank still rolling is like a cherry on the top. And for reviews that say the tutorial was hard, I played all of them and I have a firm grasp of game in about an hour."
,Recommended,549080,31506208,Posted: 2 May,all,Evan,"Open plains, small hills! then mountains! and towns its just a lovely thing to fight in.The diffrent equipment for show and just the battles that take place in the terrain of this map is the most spectacular yet.You will find your send in the plains holding a good position then the entire german Tiger force shows up and your forced to retreat!Or you are in the mountians thinking you have a great defence, then the entire german air force shows up and destroys your♥♥♥♥♥♥Games amazing 10/10 Keep up these Historicially accurate amazingness!!!"
76561198032424124,Not Recommended,549080,31501582,Posted: 2 May,all,MekStark,"sadly not recommended at this point and price, refundingit's another Graviteam Tactics, you love it or hate it; I rather like Graviteam BUT not at this price; it's basically reskin of Mius Front (good title in itself) but retaining all the off-putting issues of the earlier Graviteam titles -the horrible horrible and counterintuitive operational phase UI that hasn't been really polished and tweaked for several years, the simplified (compared to Operation Star) tactical part UI that doesn't allow one to know what is happening at a glance, haven't really bothered to check more as this feels like the same over and over again -and let me say the Operation Star formula while excellent in itself 6 years ago is getting a bit stale by now. Side note this still very good engine would make nice lite or even advanced tank sim akin to Steel Fury/Blaze of War though (something Graviteam is rumored to work on for some time apparently)Personally I would have less problems if the developers took on more interesting theatre of operations with more interesting terrain features like Ardennes etc; heck maybe even things like Sino-Japanese war or Battle of France; this way what you see on the battlefield is very ""Mius but without Soviets"" in a rather flat desert-ish settingsIf you love Graviteam titles you'll most likely dig this one too but keep in mind you should rather expect more of the same over again without fixing known issues (UI, units respones etc) or wait for this to be patched and on sale"
76561198049982537,Recommended,549080,31612596,Posted: 7 May,all,Ozark Rebel,"I think this is a great starting point for those of us that always wanted combat in the West with the Graviteam games. While Graviteam develops new content for the East Front, and other areas I suppose, Tank Warfare will continue doing things with Western Forces. So bring on more content from both series."
76561197977619350,Recommended,549080,31511736,Posted: 2 May,all,Wispy,"Initial impressions:Nice addition to the series. Runs very well, and the battles are quite fun.If you haven't played any of the games in the series there is a bit of a learning curve, but easily manageable. The included tutorials will get you up and running with the basics.One thing I wish for was a little more info on the tool tips."
,Not Recommended,549080,31510554,Posted: 2 May,all,Ickie•°,"Great usual Graviteam and what i expected,too early for me to give a proper review yet as i will wait and see what they add to this?as i will say now its the same size as the DLC content for the other 2 previous titles,just One german and two american missions in ONE operation,and it really does feel like a serious lack of content here,with a bit of luck they will say include more for free?as this does feel unfinished unlike the previous two.And also lack of HD this time so i also expect there will be a DLC too like in GTOS which i bought but  i remember many people moaned about that.So guess we have to wait and see this time Graviteam balls in your court here.So £25.00 for what feels like a DLC that could easily have been added to GTOS.Hope theres more to come...will it be free?idk but the Devs will have to think about this one..Ill recc this for now(as i have Faith in Graviteam and own everything to date theyve created so..hope i wont be left disapointed here.At the minute its a copy and paste of one of the others DLC,im seriously 50/50 on weather to reccomend this guys,im going too because last time i got so much flak for downvoting GTOS when i couldnt get it working for 6 months.EDIT>>>>>Sorry guys ive made my mind up i cant RECC this in this state/size and at twice the price im gutted as many folk here know Grav is my fav..so...1,still got invisible shells in AT Gun crews hands2,AT gun capt.looking through invisible binoculars3,Frogs in the desert??in MF yes but not here they were crickets not frogs they dont even sound alike lol4 shells when exploding sometimes give off a splash sound same as when it hits water in MF but theres also NO water on this map!?5,x2 the price of previous DLCthatl do for now i think thats enough for you guys to make your mind up i know i have."
,Recommended,549080,31527613,Posted: 3 May,all,Simulacra_53,"As a matter of principle I cannot readily recommend Graviteam's latest wargame.From a gameplay experience Tank Warfare Tunisia 1943 has little or nothing new to offer the player that he cannot get from Graviteam Tactics Mius Front. Sure there is a huge new map and a new combattant - the USA, but that in itself is imo not enough to warrant the price increase of the vanilla game. The only other significant change is a different publisher.Tunisia = EUR 44,99 with promotion EUR 38,24Mius = EUR 31,99 originally with promotion EUR 28,79(There is local variation, but this comparison is based on my region)So if you are new to this series I'd suggest getting Mius Front or perhaps even Operation Star first, if not I'd recommend you to wait for the first sale which is bound to happen within 6-9 months.Only if you are a die hard fan who desperately needs a new fix would I recommend getting Tunisia 1943 right now while the promotional discount lasts.Tank Warfare: Tunisia 1943 is a good wargame, but the UI could be more user friendly and the developer could use some lessons in modesty.http://store.steampowered.com/app/286280/Steel_Armor_Blaze_of_War/http://store.steampowered.com/app/275290/Graviteam_Tactics_Operation_Star/http://store.steampowered.com/app/312980/Graviteam_Tactics_MiusFront/EDIT:I've changed my recommendation to positive.- I've made a fresh comparison with Combat Mission: gameplay, price and performance wise Graviteam offers much more (although the vehicles and troops in CM are sweet, the general visuals and performance are poor and the controls clunky).- I've looked at the Steam review figures of Graviteam's games and dlc realizing that they are not exactly making millions here.- I remembered Graviteam made SABOW... bought that one twice, although I have hardly played the Steam version (note - must do so soon).- I want them to make Steel Fury 2 (or even 1.5 as long as it is on Steam).I still don't like the price increase, but as a stand alone product TWT43 is still a good wargame/simulation and Graviteam's pricing has always been low compared to other offerings in the same niche.One of the devs may be an arrogant prick, with no patience and a caustic tongue, but luckily I don't have to go to lunch with him so ..."
,Recommended,549080,31492997,Posted: 1 May,all,Peursum,It is similair to Mius-Front... Different setting thats all. Some improvements minor changes. Since I just bought Mius-Front recently I will paly that for some time to come. Will buy this again at a later stage.Giving it a positive YES. But if you havent got Mius-Front I suggest buy that first
76561198046530140,Recommended,549080,31495923,Posted: 1 May,all,schimmel72,"I'm rewriting my previous review to mainly address some of the concerns I keep seeing listed on here.  The first part is for folks new to Graviteam Tactics, and the second part is for the GT series veterans.  With roughly 1400 total accumulated hours in the GT wargame universe (Operation Star, Mius Front, this), I hope my opinion will be relevant and helpful.  And no, before you ask, I in fact do not have a girlfriend  [married twice, left 'em for more Grav Tac time].  :)First of all, Graviteam Tactics is the development company who's game engine created what you see here.  Three of their other games can be found on Steam with two of them being more or less identical to this one, just updated as the years progressed.  How 'Strategy First' got involved, I have no idea, but they are responsible for marketing some great WWII titles such as the 'Men of War' series.Basically, what GT does is take a smaller battle or piece of a batlle (or sometimes even hypothetical battlesin DLC form) and distills it down to it's basic, historical elements.  You won't find any major engagements like Kursk or Stalingrad but you do get tactically manageable contests consisting of a piece of a much larger operation.  Combined arms and effective operational and tactical decision making all come into play here.The unprecedentedly detailed armor aspect is perhaps the ""selling point"" I concede, but as in real life, if you decide to roll into unknown or densely covered enemy territory without infantry support, those sweetly modeled machines will become smoldering hulks.  In this game, infantry and AT guns indeed have teeth with controlable off-map artillery being an omnipresent death-dealer, and yes, the AI opponent is fully capable of employing this as well.The initial placement of units (especially static guns) is crucial to the tactical engagement and you will spend a lot of your time simply setting up for the battle to come.  I could go on, but if you're new to this, go watch some YouTube videos and see for yourself.  There is no multiplayer that I'm aware of but the AI is, in my opinion, decidedly formidable.  Just like real soldiers, it can do (what may initially appear to be) foolish maneuvers that can be exploited or absolutely devastating attacks/counter-attacks that can send your well thought out plan to the garbage heap forcing the player to re-think an offensive, or fall back, dig-in, and try to hold.  Also, it can change with multiple playthroughs making replayability an endless endevour.It is not an easy game to learn or fully grasp but there is a gorgeous battlefield fluidity you won't find in any other title I'm aware of and the reward for mastering it is unmatched in any other WWII title.Now for the grognards, or GT vets out there:  I read a lot of complaining that this installment is only one big map plus two smaller ones and is just a re-skin of the Eastern Front titles, and that, God help us, they're asking full price for it all.  Yes, it is the same Mius graphical engine and essentially, the same gameplay as you've already encountered but please put down your swords and hear me out:Now I've only played as the Germans thus far so my opinion is based on that experience.  The Tunisian map is an 18 turn beast with terrain that ranges from open desert (rarely) to gullies, dry riverbeds, and mountainous landscapes.  The entire thing is so vast that you'll have to make intelligent decisions just to make sure your armor and infantry are in the same area of attack because trying to dig US enemy infantry out of the nooks-and-crannies while it's numerous arty spotters are calling accurate fire on your tow-head is an adventure in itself.  And if you're used to Soviet artillery as I was, be prepared for a much nastier and more accurate US opponent.Then there's the fatigue factor, which I've never generally had a probblem with previously.  I'm in Turn 4 of the main campaign and have already encountered fuel/ammo shortages and infantry on the tactical map that are exhausted at the beginning of a battle.  As far as your own artillery; in the previous GT titles I could reasonably guess-timate where the enemy might be or come from, but here the entire tactical map is a possibility and there are vast areas with depressions that can hide God knows what.Also, it seems to me that the US forces have a higher tolerance for direct fire before breaking, perhaps because of their intricate arsenal.  I've learned to fear M4 Shermans and I never thought I'd say that.  Yes, there are Tiger tanks, but they're few, precious, guzzle fuel, and are usually intermingled with Panzer II/III's that end up doing most of the ""horse-work"" as usual.To give an example of the massive scope of desert warfare compared to Eastern Front engagements, let me detail one incident:  [Turn 4]  I hit an Allied area on the OP map, wound up with three enemy ""square regions"" to the north, one to the west (the objective), and a bizarre one in the south that separated my forces.  I knew that about four enemy Shermans were around and a couple AT halftrack battalions along with accompanying infantry but I wasn't sure where.  I had two arty spotters but the area was so damned open and unassuming that I pretty much just had to guess where the enemy might be.  I had no actual armor but four batts of engineers in half-tracks, some 5mm AT guns, some 2.8mm AT ""spit-shooters"" and a bunch of tired/beat-up infantry.  Well, the battle erupted, my arty spots were close yet had to be moved costing time/accuracy, the enemy wound up being in places I hadn't assumed creating three majorly violent isolated skirmishes going off at the same time, and some unexpected, dug-in, enemy recon troops with arty spotter wound up in that south square I'd mentioned.  Long story, but guess who saved the day?: One 2.8 mm lucky shot that ignited a rogue M4 heading for my spent infantry and brought 'em to the peace table...for that battle anyway.My final word for GT grogs and hold-outs is to try this one, it's the same GT greatness, but a helluva lot differant.To those still reading: you don't get experiences like this in any other single-player, battle simulation game that I'm aware of.  I am not being disrespectful to other WWII game producing companies; I happened to love ""Company of Heroes"" and have played it a great deal, but this, this is an entirely different animal.Thank you for reading...now go get a girlfriend (who play's GT games).  :)"
76561197987260915,Recommended,549080,31769470,Posted: 15 May,all,VVhitesnake,A great latest installment of these RTS/Sim games ! This time you are in Africa ! Hope to see more content in the future for this setting ! Slava Ukraine !
,Recommended,549080,31493499,Posted: 1 May,all,Disaster,if you liked the earlier graviteam series then you will find more to like in this one. for those new to the series i suggest you prepare for some unforgiving battles.
76561198007904734,Not Recommended,549080,34939716,Posted: 13 September,all,DiegoDog68,"Wow, this needs some work to be done before selling it for $39.99.  Horrendous path finding abilities. Forget about ""controlling"" your units. Tell them to go straight, the turn to the sides, tell them to turn and they go straight.  I'd wait until they fix it or until they sell it for 5.99"
,Not Recommended,549080,34593400,Posted: 29 August,all,huckc,"Three major things wrong:1. No M10 tank destroyers for the US Army, which played a key part in...Tunisia 1943.  Why they chose a battle without their usage is really bizarre, I'm guessing they either didn't want to model it or they were catering to their hideous Wehrboo fanbase (look under the images tab to see).2. No US aircraft at all in the game3. The AI is broken at the tactical and strategic level.  Tanks platoons attacking up hills to the point where they flip over, defensive battles where the AI doesn't do anything, etc."
76561198041696110,Not Recommended,549080,31512858,Posted: 2 May,all,Milisim,I tried it. I refunded it. I like these type of games overall but this one seemed like too much damn work to get into.I would say if you are a die hard for this serious im sure its pretty good... The tutorial was awful and really no help...
