user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198056532760,Recommended,549260,32775540,Posted: 25 June,all,uttenger,"Straight up this game is great. The graphics are fun, the music is great, the gameplay is tight. It's influenced by Simons Quest and metroidvanias I suppose. You don't have to play in any specific order, I've beaten the bosses every which way it seems.  It's well worth your $10, and on sale you DEFINATLY shouldn't pass this up."
,Recommended,549260,31653753,Posted: 9 May,all,Akka,"Three stars: FunProsAn homage to NES classics, borrowing the best elements from Castelvania 2: Simon's Quest.Authentic art style, atmosphere, and soundtrackTons of potential for sequence breaking6 hours of content, 8 if going for 100%ConsOnly 3 abilities, somewhat sluggish movementNo in-game reward for getting 100%Basic difficulty, spiking heavily for the last hourEnemies and bosses lack variety, generally simple to dispatch with your meager 3 hit points4 Swedes got together and in their spare time (over 2 years) created an homage to some of their favorite classic games. While it falls short of being remarkable, it's definitely a servicable game that I had plenty of fun with. If you're itching for a new, light Metroidvania with a classic asthetic then this is the game for you."
76561197968547326,Not Recommended,549260,33423121,Posted: 9 July,all,The Despair Uranus,"This game seems like it might be fun on further playthroughs, as a speed-game. Despite the charming pixel art and decent soundtrack, the first, exploratory playthrough is a real chore. Alwa's Awakening is a punishing game, but not a challenging one.Zoe (our protagonist) moves at a glacial pace. Combine this with long slogs between checkpoints, frequent backtracking through empty (or nearly-empty) rooms, one-way doors and corridors, and the almost completely worthless fast-travel system to make a Metroidvania that actively resists exploration.While the blocks and bubbles at your disposal make for interesting movement tech on subsequent playthroughs, your first journey through Alwa will be a slog. Mission-critical items are hidden behind fake instant-death spikes. Enemies take multiple hits to kill, but are stunned long enough by your hits to kill them before they can counterattack--making their health trivial, but time-consuming. The platforms you can place have a short (but noticeable) cooldown between uses; later, you'll get a ranged attack that leaves you twiddling your thumbs for a couple seconds after firing.Until the very end of the game, none of the puzzles Alwa's Awakening throws at you will be challenging, only time-consuming. When you come to a wall, it's uncertain whether there's a hidden passage you need to find to progress, a new item you need to find, a switch elsewhere in the game, or perhaps an entirely different route. Without a guide, you'll be slowly meandering back and forth across a map that feels oversized and underpopulated, and that's before you get to the forced-backtracking that is the hallmark of the genre.The story (what little there is) is entirely segregated to a nearly two-minute slideshow at the beginning. There is no ending to speak of. According to the forums here, there is apparently a ""secret"" ending, but even after getting 100% completion, I couldn't see any difference. I even completed the map, found the easter-egg room, and the fansite password. Fans of the game, if I'm missing something, please help me out.There was a short time, after unlocking all of the movement upgrades, where Alwa's Awakening hit its stride. I got lost in the music and charming pixel graphics. I started to enjoy moving around with bubbles and blocks. I thought perhaps the game had turned a corner, until the design philosophy abruptly changed in the final stage: thirty rooms, all in a straight corridor, lined floor to ceiling with instant-death spikes. The save points have traps in them, now for the first time; they are designed to surprise-kill you when you try to save. The final boss is strictly pattern-memorization. Here, at the end, Alwa's Awakening abandons the pretense of exploration, and becomes yet another ""I Want to be the Guy""-style memorization game. It's not hard, just time-consuming.And unfortunately, that's the game in a nutshell. Not hard, just time-consuming. Until you know what the game wants you to do, you will be punished with backtracking and repetition. If they wanted to be Battle Kid, I'm not sure why they included three hours of foreplay first. If they wanted this to be an adventure game, I'm not sure why Alwa leans so heavily on punishment as a mechanic while skimping on the worldbuilding. If this is supposed to be a Metroid-style exploration game, then why is exploration so boring?I will make special note for speed-runners: the game seems designed for speedrunning, and it does seem fairly successful as a speed game. If you ignore the story, if you remove all of the excruciating exploration, if you have a route planned out, and take advantage of movement tricks to sequence-break (and further shorten the game), then you've cut out all the worst parts of Alwa's Awakening. You've skipped all the tedious retreading, and headscratching fake-wall puzzles, Then you might have a decent game on your hands."
,Not Recommended,549260,34526407,Posted: 27 August,all,Dravvad,"I really wanted to like Alwa’s Awakening. I made it through a few bosses while thinking that the game was decent so far, especially with the art style and sound, even though I had noticed a bunch of flaws already. Sadly, right after that, Alwa’s Awakening quickly deteriorated itself.So much of the game is based upon an obscene amount of backtracking, even for an exploration game, and paths are hidden in a horrible manner. There are many fake walls, ceilings, and floors, which look identical to everything else. There are doors hidden behind waterfalls that would not seem obvious at all; and you only find out by walking around bashing the up key to hope to find a door. There are even spikes and water that are fake, which you must fall through - but the normal spikes and water instantly kill you!Thus, the ""exploration"" is a load of guessing and hoping you find something in a random place, by bashing into walls and ceilings and leaping at spikes stupidly, ad nauseam.Now, your character, Zoe, moves like a snail, and the game’s map is so giant and filled with rooms that are almost empty and pointless, making the above even worse.Then you have the enemies, which are useless. Many of them take multiple hits to kill, but Zoe, ironically, attacks faster than she walks around; so you can spam the enemies as they flinch, killing them without strategy. Thus their amount of health simply extends time.Enemies are also meant to drop hearts to refill your health, but that almost never happens. In fact, I saw hearts get dropped more often if I had just recently healed at a checkpoint. There is also a water flask that allows you to revive instead of respawn, but the flask is hidden in a dungeon and requires a hidden item from another dungeon to get it. Even worse, the flask needs water from wells which are mostly present in the center of the map.None of the bosses are hard or interesting either. They run the exact same attacks on repeat. You find a hiding spot, wait to attack, and then hide again.Compound all of the above together and the game sounds like it could have been very short, but it was artificially thrown together in its world design. You will spend so much of your time going back and forth, unsure of anywhere to go. Everything is so poorly laid out and repetitious that it might kill your drive to keep playing. I wasted about 2 hours making no progress at one point, and then I gave up and looked up for direct information from an item map.The only decent point of the game, besides the art style and sound, are the main abilities you unlock. The first allows you to create a moveable block in order to jump higher or hit switches. The second is a bubble you can float on, although it bursts in less than 2 seconds until it is upgraded. The third is a long-range projectile which is useful to get some enemies. But all of the actions share a cooldown meter, delaying each other when cast. Further, the projectile attack is the longest cooldown, taking multiple seconds.You find those abilities near the first few bosses of the game, and right afterwards, you are forced to backtrack through the same dungeons again in order to find upgrades. Surprise!Lastly, the game gets annoying with the amount of instant-kill obstacles and long distances between checkpoints. Many jumps require being nearly pixel-perfect, so it’s infinitely easy to die in the bad platforming. That point goes to the extreme in the last dungeon, with long hallways between checkpoints filled up with instant-kill spikes. Even the checkpoint rooms are booby-trapped, unlike in the rest of the game, and some require going through an extra screen of obstacles to reach them. (Funnily enough, I think I liked this section the most because I hated the ""exploration"" more.)All in all, Alwa’s Awakening is tedious and slow, with almost no excitement. It could have been an amazing game had it been designed at a different perspective."
,Recommended,549260,32064126,Posted: 30 May,all,Z. Bilious Todd,"This is a perfect Metroidvania that feels like it's from a time before Metroidvanias were even perfected.It's got that deliberate pace (and look) of an NES game, but it's wrapped in an impeccably designed world. Everything is tight & satisfying, from the exploration to the no-nonsense world.It's like if Simon's Quest were more about puzzles & traversal and you could figure out what to do without a walkthrough.This game is a present. Very recommended."
76561198062804131,Not Recommended,549260,29818303,Posted: 9 February,all,Th3Shark,"Gave Alwa's Awakening an honest shot, but it is a drag.  I just received the third magic ability (out of three?), and I think I'm far enough in such that it's clear the game isn't going to get better.  I have not finished the game, so anything I say here may not accurately represent the later parts of the game.Biggest problem: the main protagonist moves way too slow.  She controls well and platforming feels fair, but it's just... slow.  Going into the game I didn't think this would be a big deal, oh but it absolutely is.  This is a metroidvania with the standard metroidvania exploration and backtracking.  So while going from point A to point B is bearable, going from B to A and back again is not so much.  It takes way longer to cross a single screen than it should, and it makes exploration incredibly tedious.Growth in this game is pathetic.  To my knowledge there are no attack or health upgrades (although you can acquire an auto-healing item later on), so no matter what point you are in the game you will always take precisely 3 hits of damage before death.  Being level with the player, enemies never pose much of a threat either.  Even with the mediocre number of enemy types, half of them just pace back and forth waiting for you to whack them with your wand.  And with gameplay this basic, it's not like this game has a high skill ceiling either.  The game's combat is easy to learn and, well, if you've played any moderately challenging 2D action-adventure game you've already mastered it.This game poses a challenge at times, and it's always presented fairly.  However I think the biggest cause of death is the low health.  Healing pickups are surprisingly rare, so you're tasked at completing near-perfect runs going from one save area to another, making death more frustrating than it should be.  And again, the slow movement speed makes recovering lost ground take even longer.And how about those magic skills.  I have found three, and the UI indicates there are three (although going by % I've only completed about half the game and inventory slots aren't filled.  So if there are ways to upgrade magic to do different things I don't know about it).  2 of them are mostly used to jump slightly higher, and the third is used mostly to unlock certain doors.  ""Mostly"" implying that, while there moments where these abilities are used creatively, most of the time they are used in boring, repetitive ways.  I was expecting much more.This all results in a game that is absolutely a chore to get through.  At the start of the game, the core gameplay is boring, simplistic, and repetitive.  And it never got significantly better for me.  Sadly, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198030074878,Recommended,549260,32350290,Posted: 11 June,all,MrShineSpark,"This game is an awesome little romp through retroville. Gameplay is really well done, and the 8bit is right on par."
76561197968346065,Recommended,549260,29759418,Posted: 7 February,all,GeeKay,"Alwa's Awakening is an exceptional homage to the NES era of gaming.  It ticks all of the boxes in terms of what makes a Metroidvania style game so appealling.  Big on exploration, and a love letter to adventure platforming, this is a great game for a great price.  The soundtack cannot go un-noted. It's cheery optimism is key to what these games were all about.  Some people don't like the aesthetic look of these games - I beg them to rethink.  I personally love the look, but let's not forget about the tight mechanics of the game.  This is a well coded and designed package.  Fans of Shovel Knight, Super Win The Game, Cave Story & Castle in the Darkness (if comparing to a modern breed of game) will love this.  It really doesn't get much better than this.  Absolute class in a glass."
,Recommended,549260,29788926,Posted: 8 February,all,SebastianBastian,"Alwa´s Awakening, Axiom Verge and Shovel Knight is the three best tributes for the 8bit era I played.Besides lovely art and music the game/level design is impressive. Usually the gameplay design is missing in smaler indie games but not here. Interesting powers that are used in often tricky puzzles."
76561198001832988,Not Recommended,549260,33436574,Posted: 10 July,all,aboblyndsae,"I really wanted to like this.  The graphics and sound match the NES aesthetic much closer than other retro-style games, and you have a nice little selection of powers to traverse the world with.  But Alwa's Adventure wore me down with tedium until I gave up about (I assume) 75% of the way through.There are FAR too many rooms that do nothing more than take up space, which you will be backtracking through many, many times.  Unlike, say, Knytt Underground, there isn't an engaging atmosphere to make traversing this sprawl relaxing or at all interesting—it's just a lot of boring corridors with the occasional spike pit or pacing enemy.While there is fast travel in the form of warp rooms, there either needed to be more of these, or they needed to have been more carefully placed.  They are mostly close to the center of the game world (sometimes within convenient walking distance of each other), except for one in a far off corner that you will likely not need to return to after you have found it.  Also, because there is no consequence for dying other than being returned to the last save point, I frequently ended up killing myself just to get around faster.This tedium is compounded by the entire game feeling sluggish—like EVERYTHING, including the player character, moves at about 2/3 the speed that it should.  I found myself wishing for a turbo mode every time I had to wait for a moving platform to inch its way across a room and back when I missed a jump.  Or when I had to wait to wait for the homing flying eyeballs to make their way over to the entrance of a room so I could kill them and traverse safely.  Or when I had to ride a bubble up a vertical shaft.While there are a few clever puzzles sprinkled throughout where you'll have to use a power in a way that isn't immediately obvious (like using the green blocks to check for false floors), and some tricky mazes, there's just not enough here to provide a real challenge, or interesting gameplay experience, to someone experienced with puzzle platformers."
,Recommended,549260,29660627,Posted: 2 February,all,ChillyBilly,"As someone who grew up in the Atari, NES, SNES days, Alwa's Awakening is a special treat to play. The look and style of the game feel like they were pulled directly from an NES cart. The music is classic 8-bit and the level of difficulty is perfect for some old-school, retro gaming."
,Recommended,549260,31334147,Posted: 23 April,all,crystlshake,"At it's heart Alwa's Awakening is a puzzle platformer.  The game encourages you to take your time an analyze a room before attempting to progress.  That is not to say that there are not instances where you are opperating under preasure.  Most instances were not too frustrating.  This is helped imensely by the game saving your item progress as soon as you touch them instead of requiring you to make it back to a save point.  The penalty for death is simply going back to the last save point with no progress loss.  The save points and warp points are pretty well placed to reduce some backtracking and having the spaces between fairly well balanced to not feel overly long.The retro style graphics help support the puzzle gameplay, it makes determining hitboxes for objects and enemies a snap.  The music has a nice spread to make areas feel distinct and I found myself enjoying it.  The basic gameplay boils down to solving mostly self contained room based puzzles with some enemies and bosses to flesh it out.  There are three spells, with two being upgradeable, that you obtain to solve more complex puzzles and progress.  There are items spread around that can make your task easier as well.The game pace is mostly sedate so you wont require fast reactions speeds so much as pattern recognition.  That is not to say the game is not without challenge however.  If you want to get 100% item collection you will find some challenges.  This is particularly true if you want to minimise back tracking.  There are several pickups that are normally intended to be reached with upgraded abilities, but can be grabbed earlier thru quick reaction times and clever use of the game mechanics.Personally I played with an xbox controler which felt good for the most part.  I did need to switch to the direction pad for a few of the more precise adjustments mostly for ligning up on a ledge or for getting a bubble in the right place.  As such I recommend using digital contols over the thumbstick for some things that require fine precision but analog got me thru the bulk with no problem.I've seen hint of some advanced techniques (like mentioned above) that can do some mild sequence breaking, and word of mouth indicates some speed running potential or tricks.  That may not be my play style, but the casual adventure provided to the layman was plenty good on its own.  I generally tend toward platformers with a heavier action orientation, but I found the slower more methodical and cerebral gameplay Alwa's Awakening provides to be a great calming pallet cleanser between those faster reaction based titles."
76561198002600160,Recommended,549260,31797143,Posted: 16 May,all,ZeROX,A Delightful little GemThis game really puts a testiment on how glorious the old school dayz were. Real subtle but catchy and memorible 8bit tunes make this game stand out the most. The controls are tight and precise but it can get a little annoying at how slow the player moves. This game is more of an Action Puzzle Adventure than a Metroidvania. So If you like puzzles you're in for a treat. A bit on the short and simple side but it's an enjoyable ride.RETRO RECOMMENDED
,Recommended,549260,33490284,Posted: 12 July,all,Poliver,"Just finished this one! Nice and amazing, polished NES-style metroidvania gem.Pros:- Abundance of amazing chiptunes in this one, with every area/boss having its own music track! Theres like 20+ tracks in total. Props to composer.- Amazing pixelart true to best days of NES. Might not be a 'Batman Returns' but how often you get to see good quality stuff made in this style these days.- Just right difficulty and amount of secrets.Cons:Too much backtracking. Which is not bad IMHO, but theres a lot of glitches that can let you access areas youre not sure you should be there yet. Like consistently being able to use Lvl1bubble to get as high as possible or glitch jumping the walls(discovered both on accident). When I started the game I got to second boss in less than 2 hours and thought ''hell theres only 4 bosses, this game will be short as hell... :('' In the end with all the item gathering and backtracking it took me lol 15 hours.Some areas felt too similar with recolored tilesets.Ending. I expected to see at least a cutscene similar to the opening.All you get is one 'in game' screen with redrawn graphics to look like SNES. bit disappointing...In total:Fun, polished nes-like title with enough challenge. Big thanks to developers! If you're looking for something more unique though, there might not be enough."
,Recommended,549260,34462370,Posted: 24 August,all,goblin girl,"An absolute treasure. A fantastic tribute to the classic old games, not just on the NES but on systems like the ZX Spectrum.Absolutely worth playing, and also a great example of how an inherently ""retro"" genre (the room-by-room exploration platformer) can be updated for the modern era without losing its essential spirit.The difficulty is also finely-tuned, and increases steadily throughout the game -- and fairly, too, using tougher puzzles, tougher jumps, and carefully-placed enemies instead of just pouring on more hit points. The magical powers Zoe gains are puzzle-solving tools first and foremost, not just ""a better gun"" or ""a higher jump,"" and they're marvelously subtle.Alwa's Awakening is a modern classic, and any platformer fan owes it to themselves to play it."
76561198358054827,Recommended,549260,29735216,Posted: 5 February,all,nineinchgrails,"This game is awesome.  Seriously, awesome.  It reminds me so much of the games I played as a kid.  Buy it.  Play it.  Love it.Also, do not stare too long at the light."
,Recommended,549260,29834023,Posted: 10 February,all,interesting Output,"Alwa's Awakening is a retro-designed adventure in the portrayal as a puzzle-platforming metroidvania.Let me break this down.The graphics pay considerable homage to the limited-pallette days and well-constructed pixel art. Each room had considerable effort to make it stand out from the others. The monsters you encounter are a little sparse, but what else could be done when you're working with constraints?The shining purpose to fill in the blanks is protagonist Zoe's acquirable ability to spawn blocks and rising bubbles to traverse the rooms, while using the staff as an effective weapon -- eventually getting an ability to fire bolts from the staff at the cost of a longer recharge.The sound and music are right at home with the NES era, thanks to their dedicated use of Famitracker, a free music-writing program that lets you work with the limitations of the Famicom sound chip to produce works.The difficulty is a little brutal and intimidating, but there's something about this game that gives you the ""Let me try again!"" feel and the persistence to continue. Future playthroughs will have you dying less of course, as you have more knowledge about the surroundings -- just like the NES days.The game also has some built-in tricks that -- if you can master then -- allows you to go out of sequence. That being said, this game is quite speedrunner-friendly, and there are achievements for speed and sequence-breaking.As for the whole Solstice cameo? Zoe is wearing Shadax's wizard garb! I finally got the reference.That aside, it's well worth putting money in and losing some time into it. Two years of work and effort produced this wonderful gem of a game. Personally, it was worth it."
76561198017081960,Recommended,549260,29729808,Posted: 5 February,all,Bread,"Alwa's Awakening is a game that succeeds at what it tries to do: To feel like a legit NES classic, with all the features a NES title needs but also missing those features that a legit NES title wouldn't have.The graphics are simple but well done and feel like they could be from a real NES classic. The soundtracks are long and varied enough to not get too repetitive and add a nice atmosphere to each area. Controls are really easy to understand and moving and jumping are responsive and precise. Be warned though that you currentlycan'tchange keys. They are set to be on B, N, M and Space (along with the arrow keys as direction keys) which in my opinion is a bit weird, but it worked out for me at least.Apart from the NES graphics and NES soundtrack you also get NES insta-deaths and NES difficulty. Nothing too bad, but some save points are far enough apart to make it frustrating to die inbetween them a few times, re-doing many rooms over and over again, so be warned if you're rather clumsy at platformers and/or hate re-doing easy rooms to get to ""that"" room again.Like with most NES titles there's not a whole lot of items or similiar to find. Yes, there are collectibles, 99 blue orbs and some other stuff. For many people that's all they need, but if you expect to find new weapons, armor and magic jewelry all the time like in one of the newer Castlevania games or the like then you'd be quite disappointed by the amount of actually meaningful upgrades, that said each item and upgrade you do find is immensely helpful though.Replayability isn't very high. Doing a sequence skip (which is both possible as well as an intended possibility) is fun and it's also a game that can be speedrun really well if one feels like it but since there's no customisation like different characters or skills to use or random events to happen it will ultimately be the same dungeons again, although maybe in a different order and therefore with different items and upgrades available. There's also no New Game+, Boss Rush Modes or similiar after the game has been completed. Just like with the collectibles though all these features would feel off in a NES title so one can't really complain.All in all Alwa's Awakening nails the NES feeling in every way, and while I wouldn't mind if it had some totally non-NES features added, it's already well worth its price  in my opinion. Depending on if you want to just complete it or collect everything there is you'll probably have about 8-12 enjoyable hours in a game that looks nice, sounds nice and feels nice.  Considering my biggest complaint is ""There's not enough of it"" I certainly did enjoy it."
,Recommended,549260,29680387,Posted: 3 February,all,duckfist,"Great metroidvania title here.  It was fun to explore the different areas, and the difficulty curve was fair.  The controls and platforming mechanics are intuitive and responsive - it was enjoyable to figure out and execute each screen in the game.  The soundtrack is excellent.  I was also impressed that I managed to configure my SNES controller as a gamepad without any issues or needing external programs.I'd recommend this to any fan of the genre looking for a fix.gg"
76561198071419613,Recommended,549260,29716896,Posted: 5 February,all,Sparky mark phillips,"High quality retro adventure RPG.challenging but not absurd.lot's of fun in exploration, loot and progression.Good solid game worth every penny."
,Recommended,549260,33121101,Posted: 2 July,all,Avatar,"Very 8-bit. Good pacing near the beginning.Designed to be pretty hard, sometimes unforgivingly so. There was one section where I felt like I had to take a hit of damage to proceed. Not sure if I did it correctly, but it got me to the other side of the screen."
76561198041995956,Recommended,549260,35173492,Posted: 24 September,all,bahamut66,"Giving this a tentative recommendation.  If you are UBER LEET NINTENDO HARD then this will be a fine experience for you.  For the rest...be wary.  It starts out charming enough, but the last 3/4 of the game is a slog through instant death pits and poorly designed rooms and puzzles.The graphical style and music are enjoyable in that they emulate the retro games of yesteryear well and the soundtrack itself is quite catchy.  The puzzles in the game are solid enough, but it feels stiff and the bosses and enemies are terribly unimaginative.  What's worse is this follow's the Simon's Quest model of hidden walls...completely invisible, but still there.  Some are obvious, some are necessary, but stupidly hidden.  The last dungeon in particular is a huge slog.What frustrates me most here, however, is that they adhered too closely to retro.  Whereas some games like Shovel Knight are willing to throw away stuff that didn't work in retro, Alwa's sticks too closely to ideas that...were better left in the 80s.I enjoyed the first 3 hours of the game, but not the last 2.  That's my takeaway.  If you get frustrated by the instant death traps, you may want to give this a pass.  If you are a player who likes the old school, you're welcome here."
,Recommended,549260,33744910,Posted: 23 July,all,Portponky,Great retro adventure which is very enjoyable in terms of difficulty. Music and presentation are awesome. Controls are a little clunky and the save system is quirky but these things don't really detract from the game. Recommended.
76561198009839821,Recommended,549260,34135246,Posted: 9 August,all,robert.the.rebuilder,"I think Alwa's Awakening is better than Metroid, but nowhere near as good as Super Metroid."
,Recommended,549260,29974713,Posted: 16 February,all,Zazzaro,This really is a great game if you grew up playing NES era games or just like retro games. Very engaging with a few secrets. The challenge is fair and you will master the move set by the end of the game. Def give this one a try for $10 it's a very fair price.
,Recommended,549260,29954967,Posted: 15 February,all,Constipated Cat,Probably one of my favorite games to come out in the past few years. Really excels at bringing back the memories of childhood with a masterfully done NES-style platformer.
76561197994700960,Recommended,549260,33364489,Posted: 7 July,all,rburdiss,One of the few games on Steam that actually deserves a Metroidvania tag. If you want a game that holds your hand and tells you where you need to go next then this isn't for you.
76561198362776566,Recommended,549260,30226697,Posted: 27 February,all,catlitox,Excellent platforming metroidvania and funny puzzles. The difficulty curve its well done
76561198174018129,Recommended,549260,31817106,Posted: 17 May,all,Ronnie,"To me, this game is like a more polished and fleshed-out Castlevania II: Simon's Quest, with a late-NES era aesthetic (think Moon Crystal).  It doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it does grab bits and pieces of what I feel are the best components of both the ""Metroid"" and the ""vania"".  Like Metroid games, there is a clear emphasis on exploration, puzzles, and discovery, and the player never has to worry about micromanaging items and weapons.  And like Castlevania games, there are challenging platforming segments, as well as NPCs who add humor and direction to the game.  Unlike those games, though, your health actually matters; you don't have access to a million and one E-Tanks that allow you to barge through a sea of enemies and somehow reach your next save room intact, nor can you grind to level up.  This game also does a great job of providing environmental hints that lead players in a particular direction.  One of the more obvious clues is that the game often shows enemies creeping behind transparent walls, giving Zoe the heads up that she can go there too.  They do get more complicated than this, though, so always keep your eyes peeled!My criticisms of this game mostly boil down to nitpicks.  My main complaint is that enemies are not as menacing as they should be in certain segments.  It definitely makes sense that the developers would decide to make enemies rather wimpy on balance, since Zoe's health is limited, but there were too many instances in which I wondered why they were even there.  I think it would be great if certain enemies in later stages could at least do something other than walk back and forth on a flat surface, and wait to die.  Shield-wielding knights could swing an axe, and spear knights could stab players that come too close.  If the developers patch in changes that replace or modify those weak enemies in later levels, I would be very satisfied.My quibbles aside, if you want a quality Metroidvania with a beautiful retro aesthetic, then you should really look no further than this game.  It isn't perfect--no such game exists--but its thoughtful level design, clever puzzles, well-hidden secrets, and wonderful flow will outweigh any complaints you may have.  It really deserves more attention than it's received."
76561198272418836,Recommended,549260,29864919,Posted: 11 February,all,Xx_GHOSTWAIFU360_xX & KNUCKLES,"Soundtrack's fantastic and the art is gorgeous; gameplay is simple but solid, and the level design is polished. Buy it.I will say this: It's not so much a metroidvania as it is a Castlevania 2 with extra puzzle-platforming. The player's movement is slower when compared to a typical Metroid title, and at the start does not have a ranged attack; a good chunk of the game is actually close-range combat. The game is more about tight platforming, which it does extremely well; the level design (thus far) has been extremely well polished. Enemies are tough but rarely annoying, and the puzzle-platforming using your magic abilities to generate blocks/bubbles is very fun.It makes for a pretty unique title, and the dark atmosphere really sells it. Also, the soundtrack...it's fantastic, and it apparently works on a real NES.If you're expecting fast action or mechanics like the 2D Metroids, you will likely be dissappointed; the game has a slower pace, and combat is not at the forefront, and I'm sure some won't like that as well. That said, if you like that NES-dark Castlevania atmosphere, well-designed platforming, and a bit of that old-school difficulty. this game is fantastic."
76561197987982176,Recommended,549260,29925759,Posted: 14 February,all,Shaw,"Alwa's Awakening is a very nice take on the Metroidvania genre. It's a wonderfully charming game puts focus on slow-paced puzzle solving as you navigate the enviroment using various abillities that you collect, wich makes for very fun and tricky gameplay.The visuals and music does an excellent job of capturing the nostalgic feel of an NES game while never feeling so limited that it lessens the experience.The level design and game mechanics do a good job of giving you the freedom to explore at your own pace, while nudging you in the way to progress towards the next boss or upgrade. Collectibles grant you some bonuses against bosses, wich is a very nice way of encouraging you to explore.Alwa's awakening is very clearly a passion project. I am happy to have played it, and want to congratulate the developers on finishing such a fun little game! Making a retro-style game its easy to fall into the trap of just making a game like ""Game A"" but with ""Mechanic B"", but not in this case. Alwa's Awakening has an identity of its own, and captures the feel of a retro game while feeling fresh and unique."
,Recommended,549260,31128063,Posted: 13 April,all,dances with woolite,"Very good throwback to NES days. There are a few anachronisms (e.g. sprites are made of big chunky pixels but are just blit at arbitrary sub-""pixel"" locations, so you get distracting half-pixels and the movement feels too smooth), but maybe I am just oversensitive to this stuff, and there's plenty that feels very authentic. Sadly, there are also ways in which it's TOO authentic: The player moves pretty slowly, and you often have to boringly retread areas of the map, or redo this pointless easy prelude before trying a boss again for the 10th time. But generally it's spot on, has good music and graphics and maps. Outside of the boss battles, the only challenge of combat is that you'll get impatient due to slow movement and do something dumb. One boss battle was exceptionally well designed, and they're all at least fun. I liked the powers that you accumulate in order to further your ability to explore, and they're right at the sweet spot with the possibility to glitch your way through parts or sequence break. Heartily recommended for retro Metroidvania fans."
,Not Recommended,549260,33026277,Posted: 30 June,all,Vincent,"In short, plenty of walking pads this game.Good gameplay, except a bit slow moving and devoid of enemies.To compensate, prepare to be killed by ""gotcha!"" attacks and environmental effects. This isn't a bad game by any stretch - I've certainly played worse platformers - but it's really aggravating to get hit by a nigh-unavoidable attack and have to spend another minute hiking back to where you just were."
,Not Recommended,549260,30367825,Posted: 6 March,all,Sir Tain Leoldenuff,"The game is all well, and good if you enjoy very hard nes styled games but I have a fair few issues with the game that prevent me from recomending it.Pros- Decent soundtrack- Good animations/character design on Zoe the main character- No progress is lost if you die- Collecting orbs let's you take up to 5 hits off of bosses.- Has an interesting ARG inside it.- It really feels like an NES game.Cons- The controls can't be rebound.- The difficulty doesn't have a gentle slope it's more of a series of mountains.- Even for an NES love letter it's ending is terrible. As all it does is make no sense.- It really feels like an NES game.I really enjoyed the first half of this game, but it wasn't consistently enjoyable the difficulty isn't the only issue the level design on some screens just seems to be that way to either force backtracking, or to be hard for no other reason than NES difficulty."
,Recommended,549260,31718175,Posted: 13 May,all,[snupster] Shikaroxen,"My story with this game goes back to Mega Man speedruns! At the time I was interested in MM1 Zipless and so I hanged out with the peers and among the merry men, I hooked up with Infestedrichie! He apparently had been a beta tester for an upcoming game for some time, it also shortly after got officially released and as such - he started playing and speedrunning that title for a while, other players showcased it as well.The hype for a newly released retro game was there, and I wondered what the fuzz was all about. I started watching people running the game and it didn't initially intrigue me - aside from the MUSIC which just might be THE BEST SOUNDTRACK EVER!As their runs went on and the maps got more advanced - new tricks were learned with the weapons to reach these items, or to continue exploring in general. I'm not talking about UPGRADES per se, though these will come into play as well given time.. I'm talking about general EXECUTION of the weapons you have to your disposal - obviously the standard function is quite selfexplained, but then there's the advanced method of using them too!This is where the speedrunning part of me giggled with glee and I felt a moisture building up in places I haven't felt since I found my love for... Mega Man! The gameplay from a casual perspective looked okay with solid controls and great music, nothing over the top really.. But for the competetive player it got me hooked as a future title with much potential - and so I kept the title in the back of my head for the future.Finally the one day had a 20% sale for 7,99 and I figured ""meh, why not!"". Did I enjoy it? Yes... Yes I did... Very much so.Now I had a fair understanding of how the game worked and I remembered the boss battles as well as some of the more advanced tricks, so I dashed through in almost precisely 8h - given time to explore most of the map prior too! However when you do reach those final areas, even I struggled more than I figured I would - it definetely tests your platforming skills! Then once the game is beat, 100% it! Oh man, there are secrets.. My love for vania mapped games are moderate at the most and I do my best to steer away from those titles as much as I can.This game felt like a platformer for the most part though and while not the most complexed game of the vania themed ones, it surely stands tall with all their clever secrets all around the world and with a balanced effort of going from easy grabs to testing the player with a ""think you can figure this out"" followed by ""dude you're gonna be scratching your head and curse for minutes here"".Alwa's Awakening is one of those titles that casual players can enjoy, the average player will love and speedrunners will have fun with. It's challenging without being unfair and it's hard at times but without feeling like it's a struggle.You don't need a guide to beat this game as it's not Simon's Quest or Zelda (NES). If you as a player will die, it will be due to wrong execution or lack of skill/understanding of what the devs intended for you to do at said spot. There will be rooms where you will have to slow down and think for a minute ""what do they want me to do here"". The game will never be frustrating enough for one to ragequit and it's not unfair in the sense that the game deserves the blame because of faulty controls, input delay, weird hitboxes or anything of the sort. Bottomline, it depends on your skill.Ultimately the game contains a little bit of everything for just about any kind of player, there will be spots where exploration will be more mandatory for progress, even so I wouldn't loose my cool on it as this isn't my choice of genré and still never got bored with it! I played through Castlevania SOTN and loved that game, this title is more simplistic by far in a comparison so it never truely annoyed me.So was it money well spent? I'm about 10h in and 96% done with map as well as 85% on items. Despite all it's secrets, it won't last forever, unless you plan to run it - so bare in mind if you only plan to run this game once, that would be a hell of a onetime run though!YES IT WAS WORTH IT - for all the reasons mentioned above! Don't expect Skyrim level of hours to explore but generally if this was released on NES back in the day for 60 bucks, I'd play the s*it out of it!10/10 - That soundtrack alone is enough to last me for the rest of my life. The Guardian Legend, take the 2nd spot on my all time NES sounds. GG - well done SWEDEN!"
76561198120078347,Recommended,549260,29930656,Posted: 14 February,all,AwesEmz,Really enjoying Alwa's Awakening so far.It's a gorgeous game that takes me right back to my NES days. Highly recommended if you want some retro goodness in your life!Love the message from developers at the start too! Your hard work and passion have paid off. Well done with Alwa's Awakening.
76561198328929971,Recommended,549260,29955151,Posted: 15 February,all,balcomics,"Only played it for a few minutes due to purchasing it right before going to bed, so this review is based on the first twenty minutes I played.So far I am very pleased, this is the kind of Indie talent and effort than can truly help the indie market shine. The graphics are awesome, it actually looks like an NES game unlike that fake ""8-bit"" garbage that looks like a blend of SNES and Atari2600, and the soundtrack is pretty dope too. Bonus points for the game being compatible with my NES style PC controller.The only complaint I had so far was that the game feels a tiny bit slow, nothing game ruining because the physics are still much better than something stiff like Castlevania, but I think it should be a little closer to Megaman speed.so far Id give it a 8.5/10"
76561198002419380,Recommended,549260,29786561,Posted: 8 February,all,RedBaron84,Alwa`s Awakening is a game from the 8-bit era with all the challenges you would expect from an oldschool plattformer!I highly recommend this game!On more thing the developers are from my home town =)Great work Elden Pixels!
,Not Recommended,549260,29863980,Posted: 11 February,all,Aytch,"Difficulty spikes are kind of ludicrious. I'm no new newcomer to platforms, having cut my teeth on the likes of Ghosts N' Goblins, but you'll go from wandering a forgiving dungeon with a save space every to 2-3 screens to only having one after 10+ screens of brutally hard platforming. Insta-kill deaths in the later levels seriously don't help.I'd like to recommend the game on the basis of nostalgia and it's pure emphasis on platforming skill, but it doesn't live up to the contemporaries, simply because it feels entirely too cheap at times."
,Recommended,549260,29819307,Posted: 10 February,all,SHINCHAN,Best 8-bit Retro Game 2017!Beautiful artwork and soundtrack!I'd strongly recommend this game!
,Recommended,549260,29675245,Posted: 3 February,all,emeraldaly,"Awesome game! Very pleasing 8-bit art style and similarly 'retro' soundtrack, super easy to pick up and play, very polished controls. Super recommend this one, even if you're not a wistful fan of the style it hearkens back to (I never really played games like this one as a child personally). It's just a fun, fun game that's a joy to play."
,Recommended,549260,29654713,Posted: 2 February,all,Mabec,"This game is a time machine back to the late 80s and the NES, with all the positive and negative side effects.Music: A set piece for each area, repeating on a loop over and over. Gets slightly annoying after a while.Graphic: If this were a NES game it would be top-notch.Control: Slightly annoying jumping mechanic, floaty jumps but works as intended.Verdict: A cute ""metroidvania"" that actually deserves your attention.6/10(+1 point if you enjoyed Ufouria, Little Samson and Little Nemo the Dream Master)"
,Recommended,549260,29705318,Posted: 4 February,all,Trappski,"Lovely metroidvania! Simple as thatDon't think about, buy, play and enjoy!"
76561197984562776,Recommended,549260,29672553,Posted: 3 February,all,pete8b,"Well i was going to take my time and write a well thought out indepth review, but then I saw MartyrA2J's review.  Check that one out.Here is a video of the opening to just after the first boss.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JF0H0CMH5o"
76561197990194469,Recommended,549260,33023080,Posted: 29 June,all,Varshyl,"It's not bad and feels bit like a classic NES game with all of the archaic game design, both good and bad.  The control is generally precise and doesn't get in the way.Inidividually, the rooms are well-designed with interesting enemy / obstacle placement.  However, with slow movement and poor fast travel placement, this can be bit tedious in traversing the world as you often will have to backtrack through quite few areas.  I didn't bother trying to 100% and just went for the end which was interesting.  It's a solid Metroidvania that I'd recommend to anyone who enjoyed those classics during NES era."
,Recommended,549260,29676160,Posted: 3 February,all,DE E GURGEL,"This game is a masterpiece and it's probably one of the best indie-games behind The Binding of Isaac and Undertale.The music, the old school pixelgraphic, the story, everything in this game is too good!Alwa's Awakening will probably hit my top 10 games of all time for sure.I would give this game a score of 9,9/10 just because I would've liked to see some more levels (hinting for a dlc maybe :3)If this game gets a dlc I wouldn't even consider not buying it :D"
,Recommended,549260,29668048,Posted: 3 February,all,Cactusblah,Fantastic game.
76561197970580312,Recommended,549260,29707474,Posted: 4 February,all,Andrew,This game is way too hard!10/10 Would buy an issue of Nintendo Power again just so I could beat it before my friends.
,Not Recommended,549260,29701210,Posted: 4 February,all,Al Djeafnte,"It's a metroidvania more so than many, but this game has way too many instant death ""repeat his boring jumping puzzle"" over and over sections.Movement is extremely slow, exploration is unrewarding.The production quality is pretty good, it feels NES, it looks NES, it sounds NES, but there is little beyond the asthetic.Actually, I'd hestitate to call it metroidvania.The exploration is far more ""just go back to that symbol you saw later to collect the thing behind it"", there's very little self discovery of application of the few new tools you get.It is a lot of ""lol you died, re do all those rooms again""The UI uses a ""magic bar"" to show how long you have to wait to use magic again, but it differs per item, yet uses the same exact length of meter.  When, in reality, all the meter does is make it take longer to navigate the world, as it is only in very specific situations does it make a meaningful difference that the fact you cannot cast the spells freely.And, to summarize the development philosophy of this game:  It has a death counter.It is a game that expects you to die, over and over.  This is not a game about good gameplay, it's a game about making you suffer and reminding you about it repeatedly."
76561198067156980,Recommended,549260,29659228,Posted: 2 February,all,KingRat,Played just under 2 hours already and i feel like i'm going to be playing this game nonstop. Great retro game with a Shovel Knights feel to it.
,Recommended,549260,29658737,Posted: 2 February,all,Mawnsson,A great looking game with an awesome retro feeling. Fun!
,Recommended,549260,29656362,Posted: 2 February,all,wrenchse,I give this game five nyhetsmorgonsolar out of five possible nyhetsmorgonsolar!
,Not Recommended,549260,29904840,Posted: 13 February,all,Leauki,"Controls are fixed and cannot be changed. Unfortunately they are also a bit surprising (return key does nothing, escape does not go to a menu where the game can be saved or quit etc.). Couldn't figure out how to save the game. But did find myself back at the main menu screen at some point. Found my game which was saved. But it only saved my position at the beginning of the game. Not a good game for the casual player who doesn't care to learn new keys and is used to pressing return and escape for certain things."
,Not Recommended,549260,29963700,Posted: 16 February,all,5 Bears On Patrol,If you like repeating the same uninspired platforming several times while dealing with bad controls you'll love it.Don't make me repeat the same screens.Don't use up+X as a control if there are other buttons available.Don't put a spawn point five pointless screens away from the boss battle.Don't waste my time.
,Not Recommended,549260,29868316,Posted: 12 February,all,Terium,"Got softlocked in the ""Stone Cellar"" on the farthest right. Uninstalling..."
76561198002549182,Not Recommended,549260,29769373,Posted: 7 February,all,Gufubu,sorry but this is boring
,Recommended,549260,30395860,Posted: 8 March,all,nevik92,"First of all, the art and music alone are reasons enough to buy and play the game in my opinion. I really dig the 8 bit art and music. I’d compare Alwa’s Awakenings art and music to Shovel Knights. But gameplay wise it’s rather a metroidvania kind of game (So no overworld with many levels, instead, one big map with several areas and unlocking items which can be used in previous areas to obtain certain items and discover new areas).The world of Alwa, once a beautiful and peaceful land, is now under control of a dark being called Vicar. With the help of the four protectors (strong henchmen of his) he gathered the four ornaments, which are said to make the owner very powerful. If nobody stops Vicar, the land of Alwa might never be the same.This is when you come into the play. You are Zoe, a heroine from another world, who has to claim the four ornaments in order to be able to defeat Vicar at the end.You begin with barely anything in your inventory. The only actions you are capable of are walking jumping and ducking. A few screens further you get a magic staff though. The staff is not only for hitting, you can earn 3 different spells (two of them are upgradable once) which are used to get around obstacles or fighting enemies. For example with the first spell you can get a little bit higher, block enemy bullets, (more a glitch/trick which is not needed to beat the game) jump a second time and after an upgrade float on water.There are other things to gather as well:There are 99 orbs hidden all around the world. Some are very easy to get but some are hidden/tricky and may require items you don’t have yet (metroidvania!).Every few orbs you become stronger against the protectors and Vicar. Meaning you inflict damage depending on the amount of orbs you have.Other than the orbs you can also collect keys, an item which increases your melee power or other more passively stuff.When you die you recover at the last checkpoint you activated (special rooms with a torch). The checkpoints are rather generously distributed so you’re only thrown back a few rooms.There are also a handful teleporter rooms on the map, so if you found a new item you don’t have to walk all the way back to use the new item in order to get some orbs or unlock new areas.What I really liked was the fact that I could sometimes reach an orb/area with my current items by using certain tricks like the previously mentioned second jump. So you don’t have to wait till you have the proper item/spell and it was very satisfying after getting the jumps or whatever done. BUT that doesn’t work in every situation. More than often you may need another spell/item to get the job done. ”Oh THAT’S how it’s done properly.”If I convinced you, go get the game! I genuinely enjoyed playing Alwa’s awakening and would like to play much much more games like it."
76561197970507595,Recommended,549260,30400950,Posted: 8 March,all,passionoflove_5,"This game was excellent as a representation (and truly original, considering) of an NES 80s era sidescoller/adventure game, with platforming/acrobatic skill-based rooms of puzzles and monsters, in a huge map (Metroidvania style), featuring magic spells (for puzzle solving, exploration, and fighting enemies- though the enemies are mostly obstacles, in and of themselves- along with the boss battles, the enemies are more a part of the attempt to have the player think critically about each of his/her moves', considering the screen of the map they are on. Which I think is authentic to the game, seeing as having enemy fodder is pointless in this type of game. This isn't an action game, it's an adventure game.Spoiler Free Review 9/10"
76561198020480299,Recommended,549260,30620919,Posted: 19 March,all,Lufy,Very nice little game with puzzles that aren't too challenging. Love the retro platformer style!
76561198281077354,Recommended,549260,30474023,Posted: 12 March,all,TheGoromix,Lovely platformer with good music.Punishing but rewarding.4/5
,Recommended,549260,30214595,Posted: 26 February,all,gunslingerfry,"This game is fantastic. If you like Metriodvanias, you will love this game. If you are a Linux gamer and a Metroidvania fan, buy it now forget about waiting for a sale. Give these gents some sweet, sweet monetary loving.I have not yet finished it but I am aware people find that the end is disappointing. I'm going to be honest, I don't care about story in a Metroidvania. All of the Castlevanias have stories, I guess, but I don't know or really care what they are. All of the Metroids have story and while others could probably spend hours telling you what the lengthy multi-game story is there, I have never cared. So be aware there's a disappointment at the end of a supremely well made Metroidvania.If I had to make a complaint it would be that Zoe moves a tad bit too slow. I don't need Castle in the Darkness level speed but just a tad, like 10%, would make backtracking a bit less annoying."
,Recommended,549260,29808072,Posted: 9 February,all,Brendan,Alwa's Awakening is a great little 8 bit throwback of a game.If you would like to see how it plays here's the first part ofmy playthroughhttps://youtu.be/S7is7zMRi0Y
,Recommended,549260,30035837,Posted: 19 February,all,yabosid,"Excellent throwback to the old days of ""nintendo-hard"" videogames. Alwa's Awakening basically is the one of these old classics done right. The graphics is pixel-perfect with a great level of detail and the score by Kreese is without fault throughout the entire game. The bosses offer a good challange and some of the puzzles can make you wanna pull your hair out. The area before the final boss is like bootcamp, training you to make impossible jumps and hone your platforming skills."
,Recommended,549260,29977506,Posted: 16 February,all,Impermanent,"This is a beautiful combination of modern puzzley platformers like Trine and old school metroidvania games. (What we called these things before everthing had to be ""souls-like."") The game will be hard. Don't let the early, easier segments of the game fool you - it's just teaching you how to play. And try to collect everything, it won't take more than a few days if you are careful.The game is more than well put together - it's stylish. NES era graphics and music round out an excellent package. It knows what it wants to be, and it is that to the fullest extent possible."
,Recommended,549260,29852859,Posted: 11 February,all,Devi710,"In terms of retro throwbacks, Alwa’s Awakening is as good as Shovel Knight and Axiom Verge. Which means, it is the cream of the crop when it comes to retro inspired games. I consider it a must play for any retro gaming fan.ProsExcellent controlsBeautiful pixel artBrilliant puzzle and level designEngaging world to exploreAuthentic-sounding 8-bit musicConsIt would really benefit from a run buttonNot enough people are playing and talking about it"
,Recommended,549260,29976281,Posted: 16 February,all,Ogad,"Plays exactly like an original NES title, including typical NES difficulty. Meaning this game isn't something you can just pick up and beat in one sitting. You'll have to practice in order to get through certain parts of the game and defeat certain bosses. This is the same thing people who grew up with the NES had to do when they were kids: die over and over until they can figure out the patterns and progress to the next area/level.A true retro NES style experience, Alwa's Awakening feels like it should have been released as an officially licensed NES title back in the late 80's or early 90's.10/10"
,Recommended,549260,29999672,Posted: 17 February,all,Zaphod Beeblebrox,"Fantastic retro experience!There is now a special place for this game in my heart. From the visuals to the sophisticated level design and secret items/levels, everything in Alwa's Awaking is unbelievably charming.Thank you for this game, devs!"
76561198006500145,Recommended,549260,32810919,Posted: 26 June,all,anders.stenhammar,Wonderful game! Graphics and music are very nice.This was very challenging but I finally made it and I don't consider myself an expert player.
,Recommended,549260,32994754,Posted: 29 June,all,Xindaris,"A pretty decent metroidvania overall, with touches of ""hard platformer"" thrown in. This game does the right thing with (most of) its major upgrades: Each one gives the player new options both in combat and in navigation, and while there aren't very many of them each one feels extremely useful. There are some puzzles involving clever usage of the various abilities along with the items in the room; there are some pretty good bosses, too. In the end I don't think I needed very much help to get 100% of the things. Don't expect much of a plot, though. It's ""go kill bad guy yes"" with a kind of weird ending."
76561197962403134,Recommended,549260,33018863,Posted: 29 June,all,The Joshua Tree,"Those who grew up on the NES will find it a fine tribute to games of yesteryear and those who did not will still enjoy a pleasant, playable adventure.https://tiny-spaceship.com/2017/06/27/alwas-awakening/"
76561198372747910,Recommended,549260,33885622,Posted: 29 July,all,SmashTom,"Alwa's Awakening is a 'true to genre' NES-like puzzle platformer Metroidvania.Honestly, if you like exploring a map while collecting trinkets to be able to explore even more than this a game you should consider buying / playing.Lovely 8-bit graphics, good music, challenging puzzle/platform sections, bosses that are 'just right' and several achievements that give some replayability.There are even some skips and tricks you can do with the power-ups in the game that the developers left in on purpose.You can play this game casually or as a hardcorde speedrunner.All in all, Alwa's Awakening is a great game. There's really not much else to say. Go play it!"
,Recommended,549260,33924592,Posted: 31 July,all,Petra,"A very solid game that fundamentally understands what makes a retro platformer, retro.One of my personal complaints about most indie platformers is that in this day and age, they're a dime a dozen. They practically make up the largest tag on Steam if we exclude generic non-tags like ""action"" or ""game"". Most platformers usually need some sort of gimmick to make them stand out from the rest, something that makes them particularly memorable and not forgotten like the bottom of the barrel products that seems to flood the whole place.Alwa's Awakening is more of a return to roots that ends up being more refreshing than its more inventive counterparts. It's not so much focused on gimmicks rather than trying to emulate what made platforming titles the bread and butter of the NES, for better and for worse. As someone who grew up on an older sibling's NES collection, it's nice to see so many details that make it seem like a legitimate title that could be seen on the console, from the limited color palette to the soundfont used on the music. It has the right amount of detail to make it seem like a late-era title on the system, which is quite a pleasant surprise.The gameplay is rather crisp, if slower and methodical compared to faster titles people might be more familiar with. It has less in common with Mario and it's more in-line with the European-made games at the time like the Dizzy Series or the Giana Sisters. Alwa's Awakening rewards good timing and patience, which is both the game's strength and one of its more unavoidable weakpoints. For some, the game may simply be TOO slow, seeing as warps are fairly limited and the character you play as is not all that speedy either.Considering the game is also quite expansive and has more in common with Metroid games with the sprawling map and number of secrets hidden about, it can be a frustrating experience for those used to dashing through or even speedrunning through segments. If you wish to 100% the game without using a guide, you'll often find yourself revisiting a place you've cleared on multiple occasions to see if something new has opened up, true to the classic NES formula.Alwa's Awakening's strongest point, I feel, is that it lacks the rage factor that most retro Nintendo titles came packaged with. Save rooms are not all that rare, but just sparse enough to where you can play carefully, the controls are responsive and the character doesn't get knocked around by enemies into insta-death pits or spikes unless you hop in yourself. The game eases you into harder and harder areas and stages, ramping it up each time to make your new magic that you've learned is put to good use in solving puzzles and using them in combat when it calls for it. The game never once makes you want to stop playing and put down the controller because you died in a way you shouldn't have and now you have to start from the beginning all over again. It's a platformer that gets true difficulty right and nails it right on the head.The game is far from perfect, of course. The music can be rather grating at times, not from its quality, but more from its repetitiveness. Again, the main character moves at a rather glacial pace and can test your patience, especially if you're a good distance away from the next save point. These are my only true nitpicks, since the developers have otherwise done a stellar job to make solid, inventive puzzles interspersed with tight action and platforming in a total package.For those with an appreciation or passing interest in platformers from times gone by, you will probably have a deep appreciation for what Alwa's Awakening sets off to do. For those who just simply like platformers as a whole, then you might not have as much enjoyment as it doesn't try to do anything new.But then again, that's not really the point, is it?8/10."
,Recommended,549260,34841802,Posted: 9 September,all,Andy,"Wonderful game, lovely at style and one of the finest soundtracks produced in years"
,Recommended,549260,34844972,Posted: 9 September,all,lo1opic3k,"Wonderful game,zajebista gra!"
,Recommended,549260,34899288,Posted: 12 September,all,Kinjo,"I have some mixed feelings about this game, but ultimately I really enjoyed it so I would highly recommend it.The retro aesthetic is spot-on, and the game mechanics (Zoe's spells) are fun to play with. But the difficulty curve is very high (I died hundreds of times). And like others have said, everything moves at a slow pace, so it can be very time-consuming dying, getting back to where you were, and then dying again, and so on... But I endured it and eventually became really good at the game toward the end. So if you're into really challenging games, I'd recommend it.Item collection adds another layer of fun, platforming challenges in disguise. The large number of hidden secrets shows the developer's dedication and proves that they put a lot of hard work into this game. Overall, it's a fun game!"
