user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,551770,35078400,Posted: 19 September,all,Narshero,"This game is fascinating, in pretty much every way I can think of.The ""echo"" mechanic is probably the most interesting stealth/action game mechanic I've seen in a long time. I'm a big fan of sneaky gameplay, but one of the things that I personally find annoying in most games with a stealth mechanic is that, unless you're perfect at it from the get-go, the gameplay loop often becomes incredibly repetitive; either it's ""sneak until you get caught, fail mission, go back to checkpoint, repeat"" or ""sneak until you get caught, mumble expletive, hit quickload, repeat"" or ""sneak until you get caught, say 'oh screw it', murder everyone in the area until the game says you're hidden again, repeat"". In this game, though, every time you hit a blackout/reboot, the ""echoes"" forget about you, at least until the see you again. So, instead of repeating the same section over and over again, you can continue toward your objective even as you get caught, evade capture or fight off the enemy, and the blackout period just before the reboot gives you an excuse to break stealth and go hog wild for a few seconds without devolving the entire section of the game into a murderfest.But, the reboot also does something else: it teaches all of the ""echoes"" how to do all of the things you did in the pre-blackout part of the previous loop. So, if you opened a door, they can open doors. If you sprinted, they can sprint. If you fired your weapon, they gain weapons to fire at you. This encourages you to consider which actions you want to take, knowing that you'll have to deal with them aimed right back at you (""I have to collect two keys in this room, but because I snuck to the first one and grabbed it before the blackout hit, the echoes learned not just how to sneak but also how to grab keys, and now my mission objective is in the pocket of a sneaking, angry-looking murder-clone.""), and also to switch up your tactics frequently, using all of the game's systems instead of just sticking with one or two. (""OK, they have guns this cycle, but at least they can't sprint, and they can follow me through doors and across water but not over railings, so I can dive off the balcony if I get caught."")The mechanic is certainly the most unique thing about the game, but the rest of the game is no less interesting. The art style is a compelling juxtoposition of baroque architecture and sci-fi advanced technology, the in-game-universe UI is minimalist and inobtrusive but conveys a lot of information both cleanly and clearly, the story and game universe feel very much like something Iain Banks or Alastair Reynolds could have written, very ""hard sci-fi but with highly advanced technology"", and the writing says just enough to imply a rich background while leaving gaps for the imagination to fill in.I'm only probably an hour and a half into the game at this point, so I can't speak to the length, but already it's one of the more compelling game experiences I've had this year."
,Recommended,551770,35068181,Posted: 19 September,all,Spikerev,"""Haha, you cant walk in water!""*Round reset**Walks in water*""sh!t, sh!t, Sh!t, SH!T,SHIIIT""The game started a bit slow by telling some backstory and getting used to the movement but is in full speed in the first hour. I didn't know what I was getting my self into when I bought this but neither did I think it would be so challenging. You might think that by playing with yourself as the opponent you could outsmart the AI (or you) but nope. All you do/teach the AI, it will use it against you:""Haha lol, you dont know how to open doors!""*Round resets**Opens door*""f*ck, f*ck, F*ck, FUUUCK""Trust me, the AI ain't dumb unless you try to make itAfter ~2h of playingThis game made me to think my actions as it recorded them all. If I went in and started to shoot like a madman i would recive the same next reset. One round till the reser the AI doesnt know what to do but it follows your actions. It learns from them but in the same it forgets the previous things it learned after a reset. I just glad that it does because in other case you would make it just too smart in just a few rounds. The AI will always beat you unless you think about your actions and stamina/energy managment.If you like to beat yourself and try to be tactial, this is a game for you. It doesnt limit you in the ways that you only have to sneak but to change your way of moving fowards and tactis constantly.Blame yourself                                  [  ]Blame the AI                                     [  ]Blame yourself for creating the AI   [X]Oh, and the game got Gorgeus graphics"
,Recommended,551770,35104075,Posted: 21 September,all,TyroCide,"An original idea made into a unique Gem,Whatever you do the enemies will do, whatever you dont the enemies will not do, translates into:+ Very intelligent game mechanics unlike anything before in the genre+ Challenging, it makes you face yourself and decide how you deal with the enemies based on the situation and the particular area, what worked before may not be smart here and so on+ Intense gameplay, making it suspenseful and a fun experience+ Great sound and voice acting (Rose Leslie plays lead character En)+ Interesting story and well made characters and the lore is learned progressivly with good pace, not overwhelming and keeps interesting.+ Good pacing, It is not just area after area or Level after Level, there are areas that lets you catch your breath and the conversation there is interesting that I think needed the attention of being in a safe walk outside the palace and Its dangers.+Graphics is great.- Only con is the slow start (1st hour or so) but I can understand as this is also where you are introduced to the characters and game world, and It was important to realise the scale of the world you are exploring to feel small compared to this gigantic place to feel the danger you are about to face Kilometers deep inside the palace.Overall a great surprise debut game from Ultra Ultra that contributes to the genre and industry in general in a unique way.Recommended Immensely if you are enjoy this type of game and still deciding whether to play or no, You will miss a gem otherwise."
76561198067191268,Not Recommended,551770,35166666,Posted: 23 September,all,DarthGaydar,"ECHO has one unique and interesting mechanic mired in an otherwise pretty underwhelming game. I paid $20 and finished it in 8 hours, whilst actually exploring most of it. By the time I finished, I was pretty glad it was over though and do not see myself replaying it, mostly as it is too repetitive/lacking in depth.Here's the pros and cons without spoiling too much:+It is pretty amazing to first piece together the enemy ""learning"" mechanic in the stealth/action segments.-After you figured it out, that sadly is all the game has to offer and very little is done to vary up the experience-There are 2.5 types of enemy in the game. Have fun killing them over and over in 1 of 3 ways. They also respawn indefinitely.+The story ties into the gameplay, although most of the development occurs inbetween stealth/action segments.-It's not really a story that stands out in its genre. No major twists or surprises and the pace was too slow to really grip me personally.+Vast levels with interesting lighting effects make for some nice views.-The vastness caused me to sprint whenever I could, because although large the levels were mostly empty (apart from pretty worthless collectibles) and very similar in design. Smaller levels with a more interesting layout or just more variety would have been more fun to explore.+Very pretty artwork and surfaces.-Many assets were reused and repainted and ultimately contributed to the levels feeling like empty copy-paste jobs.+Music/sound was generally appropriate, at times unsettling, but that is fitting for a slightly creepy sci-fi game.On the whole ECHO is decent, but I feel like the developers could have made it a lot better if they'd set their priorities on the gameplay and level design, instead of just building massive levels without thinking how much fun it would be to traverse them. I'd also say these issues really only become apparent 2+ hours in. So take that into account when reading other reviews."
,Recommended,551770,35117435,Posted: 21 September,all,Rarharg,"In Echo, you face off against copies of yourself in a high tech labyrinthian Palace. The copies, or echoes, learn from your actions. Going guns blazing isn't a viable strategy in the long run because of limited ammunition, enemies that respawn, and worst of all, because the enemies will become trigger happy aimbots. Let me preface this review by admitting that I don't really play many stealth games and Echo is essentially a stealth/puzzle game. That being said, I quite enjoyed the experience and would give it a 7/10.Pros:+ Visuals: Clearly the visuals were inspired by 2001: A Space Odyssey, especially early on in the ""white"" levels. Some of the levels really took my breath away despite the redundancy of the palace. I especially like the details on the character art. The glitched echoes and the ""black light"" effect from shining your flashlight on them in the dark phases are nice touches.+ Unique gameplay: I found the strategic element of gameplay very well thought out and unlike anything I've played before. The light/dark cycles where echoes learn/unlearn your actions leads to some tense moments as well as allowing the player to devise strategies for solving the puzzles. What the levels lack in overall variety these smaller ""moments"" of strategy are where the game really shines. Also, being able to cut loose with the gun during the dark phases is pretty cathartic after sneaking around for a while.+ Voice acting and Audio: Nearly all of the story is conveyed through interaction between the voiced protagonist (Rose Leslie) and her AI partner (Nick Boulton). Both actors did a fantastic job, as one might expect given their reputations. Without these exchanges, the game would have been far less intriguing. I only wish there was more dialogue during the actual levels rather than being constrained to the interstitial zones. The music and sfx are very well done, but there isn't much variety.+ Story: Echo gets points for being an original Science Fiction story that doesn't really fit the mould of any other modern games. This was the first game in a while that I felt compelled to see to it's end, and I think the story did have something to do with that. Although a lot of questions remain unanswered, it adds to the intrigue surrounding En, her quest, and her motivations. Despite all of this, I did feel a little nonplussed by the conclusion.+ Collectibles: Oh yeah, the game also has collectibles and unlocks as well.Cons:- Reduntant level goals: Basically, you will either have to collect keys to open a door, collect glowing blue energy balls to unlock an elevator, or sneak your way to an escape route. Occasionally you venture into ""safe"" spots where most of the narration takes place, but even these get fairly repetitive since they are essentially just linear paths to follow. Only two puzzles really stood out for me, which both occur near the middle/late game.- Redundant Visuals: Get used to seeing lots of gilded palace in all shades of the rainbow. There were also a few bugs (misplaced 3d assets) early on that I found amusing.- Patrols: all of the enemies follow patrol paths unless they see the player. There is a little variety depending on how well they can traverse the palace (e.g. opening doors or vaulting changes their patrol routes slightly to incorporate those features). Eventually, once you figure out the limitations of the AI, the difficulty of the game drops significantly and you can abuse their patrols (personal favorite was walking directly behind one enemy throughout their entire route).- Chokeholds FTW: Seeing the same animation for choking the echoes really got old after the 500th time. I kinda wish there was a bit of variety in the animations. Also, some of the animations feel like they have been slowed down significantly and look ""floaty"" (the jogging animation comes to mind).- I am a Golden God: You will know when you get to that point of the game, but I felt that they made the game easier rather than more difficult. In fact, as a whole, the game peaks in difficulty at the midpoint. Furthermore, I found it unfortunate that the final levels encouraged (or required) gunplay despite how the rest of the game was structured around stealth.-Reverb (or lack thereof): despite its name, there is a conspicuous lack of audible echoes in the game despite some fairly appropriate conditions. I think they could have done a bit better job with the sound-space design, but that's really just nitpicking.Overall worth the money and time despite its flaws. If they trimmed down a few levels to reduce the redundancy and increased/included some randomized patrols to increase difficulty the game would be improved vastly."
,Recommended,551770,35096367,Posted: 20 September,all,PSioN @sick,"I ended up refunding this game because it wasn't really my type of game. However, I can see why many other people enjoy it. I am more of a ""run and gun"" type player rather than a ""sneaky beaky"" type player. I enjoy shooting which this game definitely doesn't encourage because everything you do, the AI will learn after 1 reboot. My current playthrough ends at around chapter 3 because I was getting frustrated waiting for the darkness in order to do anything without being copied by the AI in the next reboot. Again, in a stealth sense this game is a masterpiece. The AI learns from your pattern of play and adapts to it later. I find this to be absolutely stunning and scary. One time during my playthrough I shot a ton of AI and also hung around ""energy"" dispencing spots. By the next reboot the AI were spamming shots at me whilst camping the energy dispesing spots, absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing my strategy right up the♥♥♥♥♥ The visuals for this game are also stunning. You can really tell the ULTRA ULTRA made use of Unreal 4's potential. All in all, if I was a stealth freak, I would probably jerk my♥♥♥♥♥♥to this game. Sadly, I am a run and gun shooter who only has a itchy trigger finger and some flicks."
76561198359094031,Recommended,551770,35077799,Posted: 19 September,all,gboniello4,"I did not finish the game yet, but I am inclined to write a review.A lot of people are saying that the first hour is slow and yes this is true, but this first hour is needed in order to get you into the world and the two main characters and the backstory. Overall the first hour is  storytelling done right.After that though be ready for some nice shooter stealth game puzzles becuase there is a lot of it here(along with the story of course). It's not a traditional puzzle game in the sense that you need to actually solve puzzles but more of what to do and when to do it. Everything you do is replicated (very nicely I might add) by the A.I. This adds the depth to the gameplay and the feeling of horror. You're fighting yourself.The stealth while not out of this world is still done very well and is not the only option but highly encouraged in order to proceed in a nice way. While you can run and gun it is hard as the amount of bullets you have are highly limited and eventually it'll be overwhelming.Pros:-Fun and Immersive gameplay-World building and making me uncomfortable in a good way-Great A.I, animmations, and voice acting-The graphics look AMAZING-Interesting game concept done right.Cons:-Repetitive gameplay (Not a con for me in this game but I feel like it might be for a lot of other people)-While there is a story you better be paying attention to the dialouge when it happens-Optomization performance (While not an issue for me this has been an issue with some peopleEDIT: this has happened to me but only once and uggh annoyingOverall I would give this game a 9/10. I know some people may not agree with me but this is the best game I have been playing in a while. It's fun and challenging and super interesting. This game deserves more love. Congrats on Ultra Ultra's first game and may we have more to come"
76561197995669628,Recommended,551770,35070660,Posted: 19 September,all,Sorokonojka,"EchoIs a very neat game that combines stealth gameplay with unique puzzles, great narrative, and enjoyable aesthetics. The first hour of the game just sets up the atmosphere which I really appreciate. If you enjoy an immersive experience Echo definitely has a good sense of pace and storytelling. I got to say that it managed to create a very interesting female character ( that is not over the top stereotypical badass ) So far I have encountered few technical issues but nothing too serious. I think the ""Adaptive Enemy"" concept works very well although the stealth gameplay is rather weak. I could nitpick the game all day but I am very much intrigued by unique elements  and honestly just really enjoying it.Technical Issues/OptimizationConsidering that I am slightly below recommended requirements the game runs really well (it looks like not everyone is so lucky). I was having some significant audio problems the first few sections but they disappeared deeper into the game. Also some of the cutscenes are not working for me. Resolution options are limited (do some research if you looking for specific ratio) I would not be surprised if you run into some other problems. For my system optimization is sufficient although it feels like it needs more work.Adaptive EnemySo if you watched the trailer the game has enemies that learn from what you do. Actually, that part of the game is done well and seems to work as advertised. Basically, the game switches lights on and off while enemies copy your moves when not in the dark. (whatever you do, do not let them copy your run XD) These mechanics add a cool depth to puzzles. For example, your clones cannot cross water unless you did it in the light. Luckily for us, clone's skills reset after every big section so you do not have to crawl entire game.GameplayThe game encourages you to be stealthy and that aspect of the game is somewhat limited. You will unlock different mechanics overtime like a sprint, gun, AOE stun and some environmental benefits. Although because there are so many clones it seems you have to use force sometimes ( which is an enjoyable decision making ) This isn't Metal Gear so if you looking for some great stealth gameplay I would not recommend it. For me, the game shines in ""risk vs reward"" aspect. Is killing this enemy or running now worth it in a long run? ( unless you are about to die you probably want to avoid that )Narrative/StoryI will briefly touch on this since I have not beaten the game and don't want to rush through it. The is a good chemistry between our 2 characters and dialogue is very good.I would even go as far as saying that this game has one of best female protagonists. As much as I love my zombie shooting ladies they don't have that emotional tone I wanted to see.   Whoever is the voice actor for our main character did a really good job. She really brought the life into the model.Aesthetic/Level DesignI get very weird vibes of Cube (movie) It is a pretty claustrophobic game and I love that concept of someone being inside the giagentic trap. Your character is inside this planet size castle where you feel this unimaginable scale of the labyrinth. Aside from being a cool idea, there are a lot of eye candy moments. Apparently, there is virtually no face animation ( you can't even turn well to see it XD) Which did not bother me personally. Even if you nitpick certain things you can't deny that it has some cool levels and creepy themes. I only speak for myself but I am loving the atmosphere, music and visual immersion of Echo.Initial ImpressionI think Echo has a good balance between action, aesthetics, and story which is more than I can say for 99% of these games. Invidivudal parts of the gameplay (like stealth) are not impressive but the adaptive enemies create a different kind of puzzle gameplay. Definitely a good game but your experience will likely depend on individual system problems. Overall I am enjoying the game enough to forgive some hiccups. I would cautiously recommend it for those that like atmosphere, good narrative and unique gameplay."
76561198035472440,Recommended,551770,35068149,Posted: 19 September,all,mrhappy1771,"First off, I have been waiting fo this game ever since it was announced! The mechanics of the game sounded so amazing and new to what I've seen before. I am currently about 2 hours into the game as it stands and it is flawlessly spectacular! The voices are great, and the combo of voice actors was a nice addition to the game. Music is a bit different, but does not mean bad. The music is exceptional and I love how it coalesce.  As most Unreal Engine games look, it did not dissapoint! The design is what really stuck out at me though, Great Designing all around!!!The palace is HUGE! It is gorgeous to look at and wander in light and dark. It reminds me of a place I have been before, but no recollection of when and where; it gives me an uneasy nostalgia... Which is good! The game is Atmospherically desolate in the sense that you are completely alone (minus ""yourself"") and nothing can save you, except moving forward, but without a wrong move. I am unsure if this is what Ultra Ultra intended, but I am most certainly glad about the results and hope for more titles in the future.Gameplay is very fluid and controlled. There did seem to be a few lags from time to time, but those just seemed to be bugs, probably normal first day kinks. I love En, the character is great... The dialouge really helped develope the character further. I will say the beginning was a tad long, but it is well worth the wait once you get past it.Overall I would strongly suggest this game if you seem intrigued by it... At a price point of 25,00USD, it is without a doubt a steal! Great work Ultra Ultra!!"
,Recommended,551770,35354634,Posted: 30 September,all,nekov4ego,"If you are having fun, the AI is having fun too."
,Recommended,551770,35121846,Posted: 21 September,all,RvB Caboose,"I'm not even 2 hours into the game and I already consider this a GOTY contender. Ever play a game that you have no idea what to make of it? No comparisons with other games? A story so intriguing you are genuinely excited to play it? Not very often for me, and this is one of those titles. If the story and gameplay keeps going in this direction of fun and uniqueness I will be very very impressed. Slow start with it being a sort of walking simulator, please do yourself a favor and don't get discouraged! The part before you find out exactly what to do in the palace was a bit discouraging but does a good job of revealing how massive this place really is...10/10 so far."
76561198081043975,Recommended,551770,35186990,Posted: 24 September,all,Sully,"ECHO does a lot to stand out in the stealth genre with it's gameplay ideas. Whatever you do the Echoes do, and as such the game can change depending on how you want to play it. The depth of this system is pretty crazy- I shouted a lot to gain the attention of the Echoes, and in the next loop they would shout if they say me to get the attention of others. I shot at them in one loop, only for them to whip out guns of their own. I later found out that they get better at aiming the more you shoot, which meant that you could shoot to get out of nasty situations at the cost of potentially making the new loop harder to navigate. The levels are absolutely huge as well, with several nooks and crannies to stealth your way through. Unfortunately, this level design can lead to some tedium, as traversing these huge levels takes time and feels like padding. Speaking of padding, the first hour is a completely unremorseful exposition dump that has little to no interesting gameplay and is a glorified walking sim. It's boring, tedious, and i'll skip it on repeat playthroughs. In general the game has a tough time with it's story. While it is interesting (and the performances of En and London are very well done), the game cannot marry the two in a satisfactory way. You're either stealthing or listening to story, never both, which makes the game pretty tedious to play on repeat playthroughs. The gameplay does have some flaws though: moving En is a little stiff at times, and the rather limited amount of stuff you can do (crouch, sprint, shout, shoot your gun, vault over tables, sneak attack etc.) means that Echoes can only learn so much. Though the blackouts in which your actions are uploaded to the Echoes allow you to cut loose and do whatever you like, which is pretty cathartic.The story itself, as I said, is interesting, but the complete lack of exposition can leave some players lost. You have to be paying attention to not only what is going on right in front of you, but also the themes of the story itself, which can be difficult for some people who are not used to the topics this game discusses, such as gene modification and the nature of challenges. The dialouge is also at fault, as while it is very well acted it is somewhat choppily put together, as though English is not the lead writers first language. It is understandable, just somewhat confusing at points. Also of note is the graphics, which are absolutely beautiful. The Palace you explore is ornately decorated, and the varied room layouts mean you're always seeing something new. The only mediocre part would be the animations, which range from okay to downright bad.ECHO is very short (I finished it in just under five hours), though some people report anywhere from 7-8 hours, and I imagine getting all the collectibles of which there are many) would add on about three or more hours of gameplay. 11 or so hours for 20 bucks ain't that bad.Overall, ECHO is a unique stealth game that manages to stay fun despite having a limited gameplay hook, and I eagerly await ULTRA ULTRA's next game.ECHO receives a 7/10."
76561198073670602,Recommended,551770,35082319,Posted: 20 September,all,Stuffmanofdoom,"Having completed this game over the course of a dedicated ""get rekt"" session, I fully endorse this game. It provides an immense challenge even to people who are not familiar with the style and even if you are the mechanic of the ECHO is an excellent addition for experienced players.The story is fantastic, although my bias does shine through as I am fond of this style of story/storytelling. The two voices of En and London compliment each other incredibly well and the voice acting is extremely well done.The gameplay is massively enjoyable, although there are a couple of issues with the enemy vision sometimes where they can see you through walls which made for some frustrating resets.There are a few bugs, but completed on launch day from an Indie Dev team I was personally impressed by what they'd done. The level of detail in the levels and story is immense.Don't take my relatively short completion time as what you are likely to get from the game. In my opinion, totally worth the price."
76561198044195436,Recommended,551770,35098366,Posted: 20 September,all,BloodyDragon117,"Unique and challenging, Echo wasn't what I was expecting it to be when I bought it, but in a good way. Compelling story, good voice acting, fascinating setting, and the 'Echo' mechanic is an interesting new twist to stealth gameplay.Short, sweet, and neat."
,Recommended,551770,35069617,Posted: 19 September,all,Duke Of Jam,"STRESSFUL!! Really damn stressful.The general fuction of the gameplay is that the enemy A.I. learns what it can do within the game from what you do. So with that being said, you find yourself resisting those general gamer reflexes. I have taken to reserve my sprinting for only when I absolutely need it because I don't want the enemy learning how to sprint after me. Same with my gun, which I hope I get more types of. It places this constant stress as you try to figure how to deal with a situation without becoming repeativive so the game doesn't use your tactics against you. And from what I've seen so far, you will NOT be able to just shoot your way through this game, as use of your gun is extremely limited, and killing enemies is only temporary. There is a blackout mechanic which I won't delve storywise into, but it happens frequently enough at the current point of the game that I'm at, where after a black out, every eliminated enemy respawns. All that being said, I enjoy the challenge it has given so far and the lore, which I won't go into, is mysterious enough that I'm willing to stress myself out more to find out what is happening. It's not too expensive so I say, if you're up for it, give it a shot. It's pretty fun.STRESSFUL!!!!"
76561197996123525,Recommended,551770,35199608,Posted: 25 September,all,paweldaruk,"We're all surrounded by AAA titles and highly publicized games nowadays. You think you know which games you're waiting for and, in most cases, you know what to expect from them.And then suddenly you stumble upon a truly precious gem that stuns you with its atmosphere and delights you with its gameplay intricacies. ECHO is such a perfect example of this. A game I randomly spotted on Steam without knowing absolutely nothing about, which a couple hours later became my favourite game of 2017.At its core ECHO is a third person stealth crawler, but with so many diverse layers of strategy you wouldn't believe. The game offers a truly unique experience, with a fascinating sci-fi setting and breathtaking level designs. Storytelling is top-knotch, weaved by excellent voice work by Nick Boulton and the absolutely brilliant Rose Leslie (""You know nothing, Jon Snow."")Whoever came up with the idea for what the AI does in this game, deserves a gaming Oscar. I don't think I ever second-guessed my choices or planned strategic escapes the way you have to in ECHO. You're your own enemy in this game, literally. All of this is part of the game's lore, too.A truly awesome title. <3 <3 <3*Edit* Did I mention the sound effects in this game? Splendid work on those. ECHO communicates with the player via its sublime, sometimes just otherworldly, sometimes terrifying sound effects. The ambient music fits the overall design concept, like a glove. Ahh, I love this game so much!"
,Recommended,551770,35078461,Posted: 19 September,all,Boss Tweed,"Unique, tight, and lean gameplay. Aesthetically beautiful. ECHO is a delight.Mechanically it's got some shared tissue with Hitman—if you enjoyed that series you should definitely get ECHO, but that's by no means a prerequisite nor is it a copy, more like a gameplay cousin.I highly recommend ECHO."
,Recommended,551770,35073782,Posted: 19 September,all,j0nes,"Amazing.The palace is a place of great mystery where you have to be careful not be caught off guard while admiring the stunning beauty it holds inside. The AI is unlike any other game I've ever played and it learns hella fast, as the palace remembers your every move.This dynamic really makes you think about your every move, as a moment of panic where you grab your gun could lead, and probably will lead, to the AI now realizing they have a copy of your gun in their own holster. Or you could accidentally teach it how to sprint.. which is a terrifying thought that I'm sure I'll be unable to avoid in the end.As for performance, some of these comments I notice are reporting terrible performance. However I can say that on a GTX 1080 FTW with a i7 6900k @ 4.2 Ghz whilst having my reshade options on, it still runs like a dream; so depending on the system you have, you may be just fine.For the guys and gals with powerful PC's may I suggest reshading. I took the liberty of taking a before and after screenshot of my settings. Hit me up if interested.Before:{LINK REMOVED}https://goo.gl/j8ij5H(link in reaction)After:{LINK REMOVED}https://goo.gl/svtWk1(link in reaction)Much recommended game!"
76561198025772056,Recommended,551770,35071705,Posted: 19 September,all,JinKo82,"very impressed by this game seeing as how i only learned about it an hour before release. the graphics are pretty damn good considering i have never heard of the developer.PROs:graphics are WOWgame with actual depth to itdifferent story lineeasy to learnyou need to learn when to use your gun and when not to use your gunCONs:slow start but eventually picks uptwo ""hit"" kill feature (which can be a pro too)mouth does not move smoothly to the voice acting (not that bad but needed to add a little to the con section)all in all very impressed so far. pro tip: watch the trailers to get a good handle on what to do and what not to do."
,Recommended,551770,35122100,Posted: 22 September,all,Carnivore Angel,"Compelling story/setting, gorgeous graphics/environment design, and innovative mechanics come together to form one of the most interesting games in years, much less at this price point - however, it's not without its flaws.Enemy density is very high, and following each reboot, dead enemies are resurrected - given this, the player is simply not provided enough tools to stealth or gun-run effectively.  Where I am in the game, there are only three ways to kill an Echo until the next reboot cycle: sneak up from behind and choke them out (only possible on an isolated echo, often results in detection), bash their head in with a crystal orb (crystal orbs must be found in the environment, picked up, and are destroyed upon use - they're also quite finnicky and I can't tell you how many times I've thrown one instead of bashing with it), or pull out your gun and shoot (ammunition is /extremely/ limited, and firing more than a couple of times in one cycle will teach the echoes to shoot back in the next).  There is a shove which can be used to knock enemies onto their backs, and a secondary fire for the pistol that knocks over a bunch of enemies at once, but the former only slows them down by a couple of seconds, and the latter has a range that's so short that it's basically useless.I love this game to death but I'm legitimately confused about how I'm supposed to play it.  The stealth toolkit is too limited to stealth properly, the gun is only safe to use during blackouts, and despite my best efforts, more often than not, by the time the blackout rolls around I'm sprinting desperately away from Echoes with my very limited stamina, praying that the reboot hits before they catch me.  Is this intentional?  Were reboot cycles meticulously timed to occur shortly after the average player loses track of one of the many enemies and gets spotted?  Are you supposed to be in an endless cycle of attempting stealth, screwing up, running for your life, catching your breath, and starting over?  Whether or not this is the case, I feel like I'm doing something wrong.This might seem like a lot of criticism, but I do really very much like this game, more than enough to recommend it - it's so damn original that it deserves it.  I just hope that the devs either expand the player's toolkit, possibly adding executions from cover or some way to execute enemies that have been knocked down, or reduce enemy density.Edit: Good lord I need this game's soundtrack.Additional edit: Having now completed the game, I think I can summarize my problems with it like this: if you are detected (and you will be detected given the number of hostiles), you lose your best weapon against them - the choke-out move.  You're left with two options: either shoot them, thus teaching them to shoot back in the next cycle, or run like hell and pray for the next blackout.  If you had a way to kill Echoes that had already spotted you without putting yourself at a massive disadvantage, I think I would enjoy the actual gameplay a lot more.  As it stands, I put up with the gameplay for the story and world, which was entirely worth it."
,Recommended,551770,35096523,Posted: 20 September,all,Taintrunner,"Very cool, very fresh sci-fi stealth game from some ex-Hitman devs. Highly reccomend if you're looking for something new with a little Iain M. Banks flair."
76561198007239918,Recommended,551770,35075606,Posted: 19 September,all,Spills51,"Great Game!The AI copying mechanic is a first for me and really seperates this game from the rest I have played.Whether you take it as a gimmick or not one thing it does is work, and work well.Trailer will tell you the graphics story which is as good as any AAA game.The challenge/balance seems in the right place. (Keep in mind you can set the difficulty which gives more types of gamers a level thay feel comfortable with.The optimization seems fine. I was a bit worried in the very beginning when rarely but happening was a 60 to 40ish fps drop for a few seconds.After playing longer I realized it completely stopped after I entered the palace (where you will spend 99% of your time).My rig is a 1070 3.6 turbo cpu.I am running the game in 1080 p with everything Ultra.The STORY is fantastic. The first hour Is all about what and why things are going on and thankfully I loved it!I found myself engrossed in the story and atmosphere (THE ATMOSPHERE IS FANTASTIC) for the time it set up.So what's bad??I suppose if your looking for a constant run around pew pew game you can be disappointed.If your looking for a stealth game even though you could do it often enough the game really isnt made to be played like that imo. If that is what you like though you can do that also. Choices are good. (In other words if you hate stealth games like me dont worry you simply dont need to do that)Overall it's just a solid game. It brought to mind HELLBLADE that recently released in the fact that they are both mid priced but really show some muscle in what they offer.Remember you have 2 hrs to return the game. The first hour is setup but by the time 2 hrs is coming around you will know exactly what the game offers.So IMO p/u cause you have nothing to lose and a really unique experience offered."
76561198263556614,Not Recommended,551770,35140357,Posted: 22 September,all,Chiyonosake,I expected a lot more from this game. It certainly has some great ideas but the execution could have been so much better. Game just feels too repetitive and annoying at times. It becomes boring really fast. You basically end up doing the same thing over and over again on a different map.
,Not Recommended,551770,35118962,Posted: 21 September,all,K!netic,"There's a 45-minute sequence of barely-tutorial gameplay before you actually get to play the game. This sequence is ostensibly to introduce characters and the setting, but it takes45 minutesto do it - if you need longer than the length of an episode of the twilight zone just to introduce a setting that isn't particularly original or engaging, you're doing it wrong.But, alright, let's say you're like me and you got past  that and into the puzzles - never to deal with that nonsense again. You appreciated the artwork that went into the sets, and the clever design of the first hour of non-gameplay that made the game feel nonlinear. You're willing to give it a shot. But once you're actually doing puzzles, you find that they're not... interesting. Enemy facing and wandering is random, so it's not like Commandos or Splinter Cell or Thief where you have to memorize a complicated series of motions to succeed. So it's not that kind of stealth game, but it's also not really procedural - the maps are static. You get through a bit of it and find that the maps (and game) are largely not ""designed"" at all, you just kinda blunder through.It could be argued that thisisthe design, since the whole game is supposed to be about how the enemies learn, right? Well, not really. They never change the way that they just wander around. If they spot you, they're more inclined to sprint or go through water or vault or shoot you if they've seen you do those things, but ultimately it doesn't feel like ""learning"" as much as ""becoming more likely to use X ability"". It doesn't change how they move, or hunt, or ""think"". If you're like me and you've been anticipating this game because it reminded you of other games where the AI uses out-of-the-box thinking, you'll be sorely disappointed.It's possible that I read too far into the trailers and pre-release reviews, that I expected too much. It's possible that after a few more hours it forces you to approach puzzles by foregoing certain abilities at certain times. And maybe that gets interesting for some people.But if you expected a game with cool AI, or even a game that you can play within an hour of starting it, you won't be pleased with this purchase."
76561197968207989,Recommended,551770,35171942,Posted: 23 September,all,Tersidre,"An interesting little game. If you enjoy stealth games.. well this one does ""stealth"" as its main thing but its pretty simplistic. The enemies can't see very well.What makes this game interesting is how it tells the enemies what to do. While the lights are ""on"" anything you do will be observed by the palace you're in.. once the lights go out you're free to do whatever you want.. however when the lights  come back on the enemies will all try to replicate whatever actions you took while the lights were last on.. so for example if the lights are on and you shoot an enemy.. the next time the lights come on the enemies will not have guns and they will try to kill you.The game is a bit repetative.. most of the areas look like the previous ones.. they do change in how they are laid out but the palace.. well its alot of gold and white everywhere with brief intervals between major areas that look like caves or tunnels.The game is extremely well voice acted.. seriously some of the best I've heard in a very long and the story itself is interesting but it never really explains itself very well. You're left with many questions about who exactly you are.. where you're at and what was ""gramps"" really trying to do or was he right about doing the things that he did to prepare the ""resourcefuls""?  The ending is alright.. it again leaves questions.For the price they are asking its pretty good and will eat up a couple of afternoons worth of game time. If you're looking for something with ultra indepth game play you won't find it here.. there are a few abilities and moves you can do but they never really change you just get the ability to do MORE of the actions in a row if you want to.Neat concept for how it uses the enemies and mimics your actions.. I'd say pick it up if you got a few extra bucks to spare and want to kill sometime and enjoy a neat little sci-fi stealth game with a lofty story."
,Recommended,551770,35078049,Posted: 19 September,all,nmmfp,"So far this game is kicking it all over the place, incredible gameplay with a heavy atmosphere accompanied by stunning graphics this game is well worth the money."
,Recommended,551770,35119893,Posted: 21 September,all,JerechoNC,"Echo is a medium length, beautifuly high-quality, well polished experience. No game is without its flaws, however.Gameplay: the enemies you face learn from your actions. What you do, they will also do. However, if you DONT do something they also wont do that thing. It is a very cool strategic element that the player can quickly pick up on. Its intuitive and its done VERY well. This is one of the best parts of the game, and it needs to be because its about 50% of it. The player can choose the difficulty that they want not only by selecing normal or hard from the menu, but by playing slowly and stealthily (easy) or go in sprinting with guns blazing (hard) as the enemies will do the same. Towards the end of the game (about 75% completed) it starts to feel a little stale, but are quickily changed up with a spike in difficulty in mechanics. The pacing and timing of it is well executed.Graphics: ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous. Few games look this good all the time at this price point. The enviroments take lighting very well and the animations are all very well done. (dead bodies ragdoll a little bit which looks kindof bad but its forgivable.) I do have one gripe however….. The players face doesnt look good. I dont mean to say that she isnt attractive but she looks like a video game character stuck in the uncanny valley. The face seems to look better in some of the trailers than she does in the game, which i hope was unintentional. Other than that, its 110% gorgeous all the time.Sound is stellar at all times. Subtle and fitting. Theres little to say beside that its just very good.Characters and story are well fleshed out. They are revealed through passive dialogue as you travel through the palace. The dialogue between the characters keeps the mystery lingering about for the full experience. Dialogue slows down towards the end which i found disappointing but it worked just fine.Tldr: I really love this game. 25 bucks for a truly unique and well polished experience is worth it. Get it, youll like it."
,Recommended,551770,35068872,Posted: 19 September,all,Hunter,"Everyone argues around that all new games just follow old concepts and everything is just a remake. Well, here we go, a new game with a completely new concept of playing.I need to say, i am writing this review after the first big level and grasping the mechanics, but even then i can't even imagine how it will play out down in the lower floors. I do not want to spoil anyone as this game is something new, i just want to say that anyone who loves puzzle games should give this one a try and should overlook the rather uncommon character style."
,Recommended,551770,35070872,Posted: 19 September,all,({[T.C.]})berkyjef,"Man, I knew I was bad at video games, but now I'm so bad, I'm losing to myself!"
,Recommended,551770,35071056,Posted: 19 September,all,Razors Edge,A Must buy!  One of the best puzzle shooter games ive ever played with a new concept of the Echo effect and your enemy learning from your behavior.  Absolutely love this game!
,Recommended,551770,35229598,Posted: 26 September,all,Jabroni Binyot,"At first I hated this game. I didnt like it, but I already played for more than 2 hours so I couldnt refund it. In the end, I was glad I didnt refund it.At first it was interesting, I didnt know what to expect, the graphics and the look of everything blew me away. But when I got into the meat of the game the first few levels were frustrating beyond hell. I didnt realize the AI could learn from me, but as it got explained and I got a better understanding of it I enjoyed it a bit more... But truth be told, I kept playing because of the mystery of the story.At times I found myself being blown away by the scenery. The sense of grandeur is amazing in this game. And yet, even in the biggest of rooms, you never feel safe.DO BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE- Hard games- AI that adapts to your gameplay and counters it- Mystery stories- Collectibles or if you like to 100% games and like a challenge"
,Recommended,551770,35127782,Posted: 22 September,all,ScaughtNull,"There's something about ECHO that gives me chills.  If it weren't for the extravagant decor of the Palace I'd swear this was a horror game.  Every move you make becomes a betrayal of your future self.  Whether it's a simple shortcut over a ledge instead of down the stairs, or fleeing to escape your pursuers, you always have that sinking feeling that your enemy just learned a new trick and that it will cost you later.  Soon you panic, and in a desperate bid to survive you show your hand, you use every move you know just to break free.  When the lights come back on you better think of some new ones, because they've just caught up.This game looks and sounds great. It's a little story heavy but after you drudge your way through the exposition and things pick up you're rewarded for it with some compelling survival mechanics seldom seen before"
,Recommended,551770,35102026,Posted: 21 September,all,Delly,Incredibly gorgeous environements. The 16th century regal aesthetic of the palace mixed with sci-fi is fantastic. The environment also heavily clashes with your own player model giving you a strong otherworldly feel.The gameplay is unique and keeps you on your toes with how you act. I never once got complacent with the enemies during the game.
76561197991940839,Recommended,551770,35160823,Posted: 23 September,all,JackyG,"Difficulty played: HardSettings: UltraEcho is a fascinating game. Solid performances from the cast and hypnotic, symmetrical level design. It's a labyrinth that at first feels overwhelming but as soon as you find your footing you can move through easily.You have limited means to defend yourself, stealth is the best option and it feels solid here.While the coregameplay is repetetive i found it kept me entertained throughout.The stars of the show are ""En"" the protagonist and your AI ally ""London"". Both's backstories are explored through their conversation over the 8 or so hour play time.The huge environments in this artificial planet sized temple are incredible, echo is a very good looking game.I really enjoyed my time with it, it's not perfect but its incredibly unique. I feel as though my media blackout on the game helped immensely. I took a chance and bought it having seen only one or two images and without knowing anything about the enemies you face or the world. I feel as though the mystery would have been very much hurt if I had seen all the store page material beforehand. Echo is best experienced if you know nothing going in other than perhaps the core game mechanics."
,Recommended,551770,35140469,Posted: 22 September,all,Kit,"I've played about three hours so far.The game is worth the entry fee on the 'combat' mechanic alone. As a bonus, the voice acting is great, the story teases slowly and tantilisingly and its visually impressive.I've not enjoyed a game this much since Prey; I feel like I've gotten my money back already and would wholeheartedly recommend."
76561197977705598,Recommended,551770,35104039,Posted: 21 September,all,Mr. Taco (vinny),"This game has such an interesting concept that can definitely make gameplay intense. The game learns from whatever you do and uses it against you. The enemies may seem primitive at first, but become scary once they begin using the same techniques you use against you. Another strong point of the game are the graphics and the soundtrack. The game has a very sci fi fantasy vibe to it.The only thing I hold against this game is that the game starts off slow with a lot of dialouge and forced walking sections. If you can get past the long intro the game becomes very interesting. Another weak point are the animations in the cutscenes, the animations look stiff and lifeless when watching en talk."
76561197979557086,Recommended,551770,35230238,Posted: 26 September,all,Tanekh,"Fantastic game.The first 10-15 minutes consist of exposition, then it's pure gameplay for 8-10 hours. It's smart, it's fun, and it doesn't overstay its welcome. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,551770,35270608,Posted: 28 September,all,MadRat1171,"ECHO is a stealth game with very unique mechanics. Learning AI is very uncommon in stealth grane (beside Alien Isolation), and it makes gameplay very interesting. You are giving AI tools that they can use aginst you. Visuals... Oh yes this damm graphics, it's just stunning, pretty repetive because assets are reused allover again but when it comes to blackout lighting makes you ""WOW"" every time (so in like every 2-3 mins). Audio is full of pretty calm sci fi ambient and great voice acting for En. But game suffer on level repetivity, you got like 3 ""gameplay styles"" (basic stealth, find keys, collect orbs) which makes you sometimes bored. Also optimization could be a little better, normally is 80+ fps but sometimes it can drop to 40 or below. I encoured few AI bugs like stuck in one state or in elevator bariers.Overall ECHO is amazing game that is worth checking out if you like challenging stealth games. Great job Ultra Ultra !!!"
,Recommended,551770,35072896,Posted: 19 September,all,Aetsuki~,"I've put 6 hours into this game from installation, day one. This is a good launch. I encountered one significant problem on initial launch- the game flickered when launching fullscreen, making it impossible to get past the main menu. Setting it to windowed mode fix the issue.Beyond that the game has run flawlessly. Framerate hasstayed steady with no stutters, the graphics are gorgeous, and the gameplay is unique. I've reached a point in the game where I'm planning what moves I use so that the echoes only learn those. It really makes you think in advance."
76561198115257611,Recommended,551770,35079631,Posted: 20 September,all,"Operating, Operationally.",Unique game.I like fighting hordes of myself.Wish they found a way to do the blackouts without reloading the entire level though. It gets annoying after awhile.
,Recommended,551770,35189851,Posted: 24 September,all,Saltyview,"Overall Rating: 8/10ECHO takes a new approach to the Stealth/Action game by making the AI a non-static enemy, and it does this extremely well.  Deciding just what you want the AI to be able to do and sometimes being forced to ""teach"" the AI things when you don't want to is fun and interesting, and adds a new level of interactivity to the gameplay.  There are a few places that this could have been even better, such as addition of the AI reacting to finding itself incapacitated or reviving itself when finding itself knocked out, but they don't detract from the game too much.  (9/10)Graphically, the game is very good and an incredible example of what Unreal Engine 4 can do.  Some animations were neglected, though they are not super key to the game (e.g., facial animations on the main character, En). (8.5/10)The UI of the game is good outside of settings menus, with intuitive and responsive controls.  Settings menus are clearly designed for a console, with some menus that *should* be dropdowns not and settings applying instantly when changing graphical settings.  (8/10)The story/plot of the game starts off strong and kept me interested in moving forward, but at the about halfway point through the game it started to become disjointed and not make sense.  En and London's dynamic is good until this point, at which time the relation between them and other characters in the story ceases to make sense and occasionally even flipflops.  The ending of the game is incomplete, leaving you with more questions than answers - and not in a good way.   The story, while important to keeping you moving forward, can be somewhat ignored.   There are occasional several minute long exposition areas between levels, which if you are uninvested or uninterested in the story can be irritating.  (7/10)The game will take approximately 6-8 hours to complete the story, which at the current price I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,551770,35094182,Posted: 20 September,all,Praise The Memes,"About an hour into it and I'm really enjoying the experience. Excelent voice acting. Beautiful Art design. Atmospheric sound track. Innovative UI. Well paced exposition. I adore the slow build up used to solidify the characters, their relationships and histories. The only thing I don't like about it so far has to be the contant 'Fade To Black' that happens after a certain point into the story. It feels like they are used to reload the map, which is too often for my liking. But aside from this rather glaring annoyance, I'm loving the game."
76561198093967678,Not Recommended,551770,35118742,Posted: 21 September,all,Reloaded,"Let me quote what someone said on the forum of this game:""The system starts a new cycle whenever you change your behaviours too much at once. Whenever you kill in a certain way for the first time in that cycle, whenever you do a new action that cycle. Running, leaping over ledges, opening a door, silent kills, glass ball kills, withdrawing your gun, firing, etc.If you want to stop the pulses, be consistent. Being spotted is an 'act', as is sneaking. Doing one or the other in a cycle may reset the cycle, as would doing both.IE: Failing to be totally stealthy, and being spotted, will punish you in a way...""Basically game spams blackouts whenever you try to, you know, play the game. Sneak, jump, run, shoot.... And game will darken the area for 10 or so seconds where you won't be able to see where you're going and will run into enemies if not using area scan. It's interesting the first three times, annoying after 20 blackouts and frustrating after 200. Game unlearns everything that happened in cycles before the last cycle, which means that doing same things will cause blackouts again.Level ""design"" is extremely repetitive too and leaves an impression that game procedurally generates them. They reuse the same assets over and over again.Locations are rather small and full of enemies. Like literally, 15 Echoes in a small room. Forget about stealth, you WILL get spotted, which will cause round reset. Shooting an enemy will cause round reset 10 seconds later, respawning that enemy again. And, surprise! They all will now have a gun and will be shooting at you. Good luck dealing with them if you only have 2 shots, and they will respawn shortly after.AI in this game doesn't learn, it just monitors player input and tries to select AI pattern that best fits it. The problem is, these patterns are very limited and lack real player's flexibility, which is why game keeps changing it whenever it detects changes in player's behavior. It's what blackouts are for - during it game reloads level with new AI pattern. It's also why AI ""forgets"" what it ""learned"" during previous cycles. Aside from that AI is very basic - enemies either stand still or patrol along predefined path. Their combat strategy revolves around swarming player to take advantage of player's lack of crowd-control ability.You know, the whole premise reminds me of Stanislaw Lem's Solaris. It's a novel about a planet completely covered with ocean that's also planet's only lifelorm. When humans visit the planet, it starts to study them and creates ship crew's doubles, trying to mimic humans as closely as possible, down to their behavior and everything. Unlike this game, The Ocean is completely friendly, and it creates doubles only to show its appreciation of humankind. Even though The Palace is a completely different beast, it lacks Ocean's depth of character. It feels like devs created gameplay first and then randomly tucked story on it.Buy this on sale for $5, it's not worth more than that."
,Recommended,551770,35101683,Posted: 21 September,all,Malificarr,Starts out like a decent walking simulator but quickly teaches you some very interesting stealth combat mechanics. Very enjoyable and the bizarre ancient palace is quite original. Echo is a relaxing alternative to adrenaline based gaming.Also the voice acting is top notch.
,Not Recommended,551770,35117181,Posted: 21 September,all,Cherry,"What I thought would be a fun and interesting stealth game with a ""deep learning"" mechanic was actually something more along the lines of ""run around very fast and sometimes shoot"". Not even what I would consider a stealth game."
76561197993925975,Recommended,551770,35211429,Posted: 25 September,all,Temierus,"So, in fairness, I'm only in the middle of chapter three as of the writing of this, but I'd already recommend it.ECHO has definitely got me gripped for a few reasons here;Firstly, the in game environments are both interesting, and well done (which is always a big personal mark.) The palace has this way too clean, way too perfect feel to it, which gives it this weird unsettling feeling, but in a good, atmospheric sense. This is just amplified by the symmetry that is almost everywhere, as ECHO decides to throw in an assymetric room here and there to keep you from getting too comfortable.Secondly, the game's audio is spot on. Though you don't hear the soundtrack a lot (it keeps quite when not detected, increasing for tension as more enemies see you, excluding story points) it fits the entire feel of the game, and really ties it all together. The other elements of the sound design and the voice acting are all also of a good quality. (which is refreshing compared to the other games I've been having a go at on Steam)Lastly, just the entire concept of learning/adaptive AI being utilized. It's been very disapponiting just how under utilized this AI is in the large game industry, but ECHO makes it into the entire point of the game. My interest was intially piqued because of the AI, and I'm glad I took the plunge. Though ECHO doesn't use a full on learning AI (they'll forget things if you don't do them), the copy-cat style is still a nice challenge that adds tension. I much prefer this approach to difficulty over the popular, and lazy, approaches of either ""add more enemies"" or ""give the AI/NPCs cheats.""Now I will say that the gameplay does feel a touch light. Either a quick side-step and/or being able to duck behind a low wall to help with sneaking would have been nice. (Or I could be stupid and am just missing it.) Sometimes the push does feel a bit clunky, or unresponsive, but that is not the norm.Ultimately, I do not regret this purchase, and just want to say the devs did a pretty damned good job.[Oh, and the flashlight blows the vast majority of these stupid ""horror"" games' on Steam out of the water. It's good to know that other people on the planet have actually used these arcane wonders.]"
,Recommended,551770,35076511,Posted: 19 September,all,Ayphverus,"Can someone tag this as horror, cause litterally fighting your self spooks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me."
76561198155057540,Recommended,551770,35215652,Posted: 25 September,all,letsgo,"Abasolutely gorgeous. Challenging, difficult gameplay that really makes you think, and a super engaging story that I can't wait to get to the end of. I've encountered a few small bugs but it just released and nothing that makes it unplayable. The controls are clean and easy to use. Very impressive from such a small team."
,Recommended,551770,35219900,Posted: 26 September,all,Rise,"What you expected.A witty survival game with Silent Hills' mechanics.What you've got.A powerfully story driven adventure game where self consciousness and anxiety are all part of the game with a mechanic never really tackled before, but executed perfectly aside with lovable characters and an envirement so spectacular it will blow your♥♥♥♥♥♥clean off.23/10, would die again."
76561198269029791,Recommended,551770,35249089,Posted: 27 September,all,Time Traveling Pancake,"If you are looking for a stealth/assassin shooter game... This is not that game.If you  are looking for a game where you get to assassinate lots of targets... This is not that gameIf you are looking for either of the two options i just mentioned, go get assasin's creed, or tom clancy games.This is Echo, a game where you have to think, use timing, and future knowledge of what you want to do/don't want the echoes to do. It has FANTASTIC story, graphics and gameplay. It is very difficult, and requires a lot of patience.If you run, then the echoes will run next cycle, if you use doors/elevators, so will they, if you jump off of things, they will too, if you shoot they will shoot, if you assassinate they will assassinate. This game is fun, but really REALLY hard. A couple peopl complained about the long begining but i enjoyed it because of the great storyline, also it is only about 30 min of Demo, not 1 to 2 hours. Overall i really enjoy the gameplay and storyline of this game and will continue to play. Worth the money."
,Recommended,551770,35114952,Posted: 21 September,all,BleepingNinja,"i havent played it much, but right from the get go, you are amazed. There are points in the game that chill give you a chill down your spine."
76561198316229291,Recommended,551770,35094409,Posted: 20 September,all,TyleRDuRdeN,"You know what they say about opinions.  Well here is mine after a couple hours. Really well done so far,  Great graphics, stellar voice acting, interesting story.  There are a few things they could have done better but for the price....totally worth it.."
76561198134575899,Recommended,551770,35188642,Posted: 24 September,all,kezlam,"I've been waiting for Echo for some time now.  I must say I wasn't disappointed.  It has some of the best atmosphere and dialogue I've experienced in a long time.  It's a simple game that at times can be hard and repetitive but overall I really enjoyed it.  I didn't even come close to 100% all achievements.  Everything the devs did with what they had time to make was done very smart.  I think the team is really small but the game looks great and feels really good.The only negatives I have are 2.  1. The key bindings and audio can be a bit buggy.  I'm left handed and near the beginning of the game P and O stopped working or being able to be bound.  The audio kept using both my headphones and speakers no matter what configuration I used.  And not all audio.  Cut scenes would play on my headphones but the game would play on my speakers or the music would play on my speakers and everything else on my headphones.  Really strange. 2. The game was a bit too repetitive.  It needed something else to break it up a bit.  They did a good job with what they had but it got a bit monotonous.I have another gripe with this and any game that implements a system with auto saving.  I hate autosaves.  I want to be able to save whenever, wherever.  I know this would make the game a lot easier but it would also remove all frustration.  After playing for an hour only to get killed by a random echo and be reset back to the beginning of the level really sucks.  There are archways that are like mid mission saves.  But you have to find them.  This is by no means a deal breaker and not unique to this game.  Many games do this type of thing and I don't like it in any of them.  At least near the end of the game they put the arches all over the place. I used them as home bases to come back to as I completed tasks.  I'd still rather just be able to save wherever and whenever I liked.  I hate having to redo anything.There are tons more stuff for me to find in the game and it seems like I can replay any level and check on what is left to do.  I love that feature.  The main menu is really cool too.  Lots of little details about the game I love.  The voice actors did a great job.  I could listen to them banter all day.  I have to say that this game isn't for everyone but I loved it.  If you can handle repetition and slow tense stealth gameplay you need to play this game.  I loved the sci-fi designs and story.  I want to know more about this world/universe they created.  I want to play other games in it that flesh it out more.  They did such a great job not holding your hand or answering everything.  Each answer brings up more questions."
76561198006361974,Recommended,551770,35188680,Posted: 24 September,all,paul.42,"Enjoyable, challenging, well put together story, likeable characters. I am impressed and amused by the engineering acumen that went into it, level design and art style is gorgeous. Some parts are frustrating, and like tetris, the more you panic/flail the more difficult it is, that being said, there are levels where I feel the designers were asking me to mow down my foes and scramble past. There is a great variety of styles and ways to surmount each level. There have been some very enjoyable hair-rasiing moments where disaster is averted by some clever planning, denying the enemy the tools you use to escape them. I found myself striving forward more to complete the story and continue the exposition. If you enjoyed the sneak parts of metal gear solid, but wanted a more strategic game, you may enjoy this. A bit on the shorter side, but I think this is the studio's first effort, so I'm eager to watch them continue or see if this world produces more exposition. I have a few questions that I think were left unanswered, but I did not get all the 'collectables' so there might be some story that remains hidden."
,Recommended,551770,35106551,Posted: 21 September,all,Thurnip,"The game is absolutely gorgeous, the game play is good and so the storytelling.Requires some tweaking on the video options to get a good framerate on my 5 y.o. GPU, but the video options are very competent for this.A very unique experience, one of the best games I played this year."
76561198050712099,Recommended,551770,35078154,Posted: 19 September,all,reginald.allouchery,I am speechless.  Went totally blind into this.  Incredible unique experience.
,Recommended,551770,35151004,Posted: 23 September,all,BerserkerXeno,This game is freaking nuts...never before have I played a game where I teach the A.I to kick my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,551770,35127664,Posted: 22 September,all,AlphaSix,"Fantastic game. I had never even heard of this prior to seeing it on steam the other day; which is a shame because this game is incredible.The story is grabbing, it brings you right in immediately at the start of the game. The characters are both likeable but different, and their voice acting is on point. Their relationship evolves during the course of the game and it is interesting and  is used to further the story.The overall setting, music, and dialogue fit together perfectly. Everything flows and complements eachother. You get a mysterious feeling everytime you play the game and it drives you forward to find out what is going on / what will happen next. The environments are beautiful and detailed and also interesting and thought provoking. It's all done so well that you don't want to stop playing (Granted I have many real world responsibilities which keep my gaming time minimal during the week especially so I haven't been able to throw long periods of time in yet).The gameplay is great as well, the HUD is perfect. It doesn't flood your screen with information and is new and intuitive which is extremely refreshing in the gaming market. Your abilities are tied to energy charges which are picked up from the environment or charged (only the first energy charge can be charged). It makes you consider which ability you will use and how to approach situations if you are low on charges. The gun play is simple and fluid, the gun is operated by charges but can pierce and kill all enemies it touches, making it a strategic use weapon. You can lure enemies to follow you and line them up for a single shot that will kill them all. There are more abilities which you unlock through the game but I wont spoil them, they are all useful in their own way and fun to use.Now, take everything I said in the last paragraph and consider that whatever abilities or actions you perform during the light will be adapted by the AI after the following blackout.... it adds an entirely new level of strategy and thought process in every encounter. For example, if you decide to go into a large room guns blazing the AI will learn from that. Once the lights go off and back on again you will have all the AI in the room shooting at you. ""So dont shoot your gun"" you might suggest, well that is difficult in many situations because of tight hall ways. Considering also that if you sprint the enemies will learn that and so in the next light phase you will HAVE to use your gun if you are spotted bcause they will sprint at you. The interesting concept here is that the enemies will unlearn the abilities or actions you do if you do not do them during that light phase. So if you went in shooting and then the next phase the enemy was shooting at you, if you do not shoot during that phase they will not shoot during the next phase. There are many environmental gameplay aspects that are also learned and unlearned by the AI, I wont spoil them but trust me there is a lot of strategy to this.Many people who write negative reviews either do not like this mechanic, or are just not understanding it. I think too many people expect hand holding experiences from games now a days and this game is not one of them. It is challenging, unforgiving, and extremely fun. Do I recommend it? YES! The price point is deserving for the Devs and I am happy with my full price purchase. ULTRA ULTRA has blown me away with this and I will be checking out their future projects for sure. Hardly any games I have played in the last year have been this good, from the story, to the environments, to the characters, to the gameplay, and to the price, you will be very pleased with this game if you are intesrested in anything I have said in this review."
,Recommended,551770,35138602,Posted: 22 September,all,spinners!!!,"Little bits of RE4, MGSV and Deus ex mixed together with some of the best presentation I've seen in a game in ages. I can see lots of people hating this but I'd highly recommend it, even if it doesn't look all that exciting from the store page."
,Recommended,551770,35101356,Posted: 21 September,all,LowEndGamer_,"So far, its amazing. I like how the enemy learn from my combat style. MUST BUY !! its one of those rare gems"
76561198372560891,Recommended,551770,35077702,Posted: 19 September,all,Prince-James,So far I am really loving this. <3
76561197974880954,Recommended,551770,35121710,Posted: 21 September,all,Play For Your Freedom,This is the kind of game that is moving the medium forward. Incredible.
,Recommended,551770,35096783,Posted: 20 September,all,Dogone,"I think that it could have been just a /tad/ easier or you could have started out just a /tad/ more powerful or have a /tad/ more options and it would be much more fun...Pros: Very atmostpheric, very interesting setting, I enjoy the characters, the mechanics are interesting and punishing.Cons: Gameplay - Story - Gameplay - Story. The story and exposition could have been integrated into the story a bit more iinstead of being pretty obviously broken into story and gameplay segments.To start, you don't have many options... and while this would have made sense in any other action/shooter/stealth game, the exact location of the setting makes it a little unbelievable how helpless and how few options you have in the beginning.That being said, this is an excellent gaming experience and at 25$ or less you are unlikely to find much better."
76561198046817307,Recommended,551770,35230969,Posted: 26 September,all,Greymatter,"Intriguing game with an original concept.Not an easy game by any stretch and some may find it frustrating until you work out how to use the principles of the game to your advantage, but I would suggest to anyone thinking of giving up to persevere as you will learn how to beat it.Great setting, graphics & voice acting.I feel like the pacing and parts of the setting draw quite a lot from Alien which is cool, even if plot-wise it is nothing like it.I do think the price point is perhaps a tad high though and it should have retailed at £15.8/10"
76561198120116166,Recommended,551770,35080081,Posted: 20 September,all,alanshore888,"Unique and immersive experience, nice artistic layout, beautiful graphic.lagging at beginning but quite smooth after first cutscenceGig: 7700K+1080 TI @1600P"
76561198005952118,Not Recommended,551770,35116015,Posted: 21 September,all,Nozdrum,"I am somewhat torn, but I am at my 2 hours refund-limit and ultimately the last 30 minutes or so were more tedious than interesting or fun. Mainly having the light go black every 15 seconds to have me stop and wait for 5 seconds until I can play another 15 seconds to wait for 5 seconds to play another 15 seconds to 5 wait another seconds to.... you get the idea. I did not mind it in the beginning when everytime it happened something new was added to the game, but now it just resets the room again and again and again with no apparent change to anything. It just makes me wait for no reason and lose my mental map of the enemies in the room.Story, maincharacter and world have been interesting so far."
,Recommended,551770,35167708,Posted: 23 September,all,Saelac[ßŦ],AI couldn't walk in waterWalked in waterBlackoutAI walks in waterGets murdered on all sides
76561197972689388,Recommended,551770,35144346,Posted: 22 September,all,Mikey,Beautiful game to look at.  Gorgeous environments.
76561197970809816,Recommended,551770,35171837,Posted: 23 September,all,padder2,"Although this game seemed interesting I wasn't sure about the single style the environments seemed to have from the screenshots. I was afraid it would be clunky and glitchy and that the environments would become repetitive very quickly. I decided to plunge in, and I'm glad I did. It's been quite the mesmerizing experience. It's not necessarily for everyone : it's a puzzle stealth game with a nice ssci-fi story tying it all together, but I enjoyed it very much. I really really liked the ambiance of it all. There's nothing else to add that hasn't been said concerning the gameplay and I though it controlled very well. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,551770,35099986,Posted: 21 September,all,NBMTX,"When I originally started this game I thought it was going to be a bit too easy and maybe clunky (which it certainly starts out easy, and is a bit clunky, though it sort of has a reason for being clunky, perhaps a cop out), but the difficulty sort of sneaks up a few hours in. It's not incredibly action packed on it's own, since the player controls the pace, but I think it's story so far is very intruiging and certainly a bit mind bending.I didn't know about this game when I saw it on the front page of Steam, and actually bought it as a sort of ""cinematic"" experience, like a drawn out, interactive, trippy, sci-fi, movie. As such, I'd describe it as a sort of ""walking simulator"", if you were to try to walk through... the Event Horizon or the archaeological site in Prometheus, maybe? The concept is cool and the setting looks amazing (unless you hate rococo times infinity) for a ""AA"" title.So far I'm glad I took a chance on it and would recommend it, but not for anyone looking for a lot of action or suspense."
,Recommended,551770,35218663,Posted: 26 September,all,(-laurits-),Its fantastic!
,Recommended,551770,35085882,Posted: 20 September,all,Myerax,"Interesting game, just finished it. I'm not the best at reviewing games but I can say that this game is a great game to play! Game is only about 5 hours long if you know what you are doing. It's mostly just puzzle like stages where you have to get to destination A to B without getting killed.Btw I would say $22 isn't worth it right now, I'd suggest you wait it go down if you're up for it.Also the graphics are amazing!!"
,Recommended,551770,35087993,Posted: 20 September,all,나리공주,"Interesting story with fun gameplay that learns from you, to a certain extent.I went in mostly blind, hearing only about the mechanics, and was pleased with what I got, altough €20 might be a bit too much for the content you get. (€12-€15 would've been better.)I kept being interested in the story, and I didn't mind the rather slow intro where you walk slowly while the two main characters keep talking, but this might be quite a bore to some people if you prefer action packed games.Once you get past the intro bit (around an hour) the game starts to pick up pace, and that's where the game really starts.There are six chapters, and they all have their own look, but the game is quite simple asset wise, since it feels like it's mostly colors that change.While the AI does learn moves from you, I still wish it was more smart, since the AI has set walking paths where it uses the moves it learned from you; would prefer if it was dynamic and moved all over the map to make it unpredictable and harder to game.All in all, I'd recommend the game, but if you can, then wait for a sale, unless you really want to play it now."
76561198052297614,Recommended,551770,35111826,Posted: 21 September,all,Mander,"An AI, a fair maiden, a grim memento and the Palace (no spoiler)How deep is the story of ECHO?Well, I’ve only played it a score of hours, but I’m already persuaded it is as deep as the abyss, at least. And, even better, in this game the lore is something you’ve to earn as the story progresses, bit by bit.Nothing about the story of ECHO is simple or immediate (or shallow), and even with a skeleton cast of characters, each and every single one of them is rich and captivating. It also quite helps the suspension of disbelief that the voice acting of the main character is pure audio porn, enslaved to a cruel mistress with a whip made of poetic barbs…I (and many others, I suppose) waited a long time to play ECHO, but I must say it was well worth it: the results are manifest and this gem of a game is a must have. Why?Well, for me is for what is half hidden in this game: its foundations and whence it draws inspirations (among other things). In short, the atmosphere and what this story can convey. While ECHO is a sci-fi story (I consider it the love child of Asimov and Herbert), its beginning echoes for me the most ancient human myths, especially those of the descent of the goddess Inanna in the underworld: quite apt, considering where the story takes place...And the Palace, this construction shrouded in myth handed down in songs, is an unfathomable place, with an aesthetic which mutate abruptly from H.R. Giger on the surface to lavish interiors of polished black and white marble, gold and jade.  Nevertheless, it will never become a comfortable place and this becomes more and more apparent the more you explore: it seemingly bends even time and space around you, and it learns from you. But only to best play you: the Palace suggests that even mazes do enjoy the scurrying and suffering of the rats who are lost within them.  And the Palace is good at it (I think it will become better the more I’ll progress though).The soundtracks (and sound effects) are due an honorable mention too, going smoothly from captivating melodies while exploring, to a much fast tempo while fighting. On this topic, I think ECHO shines better if played light on the trigger: actions sequences are somewhat…  rough on the finishing touches. At least, I say this because in ECHO we even have a well-developed and proper animation to climb stairs: by contrast, firing sequences are a little bleak.Run and explore are much better than gun here and this even with a pistol able to clear a whole hallway with a single bullet (Do the devs know of the Graviton Beam Emitter?).After all of the above, and considering the affordable price asked for this gem, I think there are no reason to let ECHO pass. If you like sci-fi, I think you’ll love ECHO."
,Recommended,551770,35139242,Posted: 22 September,all,I Like Bunnies,"My first knowledge that this game existed was minutes before I bought it. I was intrigued by the art style, and then the trailer video, and it hasn't disappointed.In one word this game is ""haunting"". It's not a horror game, but it isunnerving. It's weird, but in an intuitive kind of way, likea half-remembered dream. Experiences like that are rare.I didn't buy it for the gameplay, but for the experience - and yet the gameplay is unique and interesting. It's not a pure action game, or a pure stealth game, but a generally slow-paced and immersive game with bursts of tension and ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments. You have small a handful of tools at your disposal to deal with enemies, and the charge or ""ammo"" for these tools is easy-come easy-go, so you're always straddling that line of being barely able to deal with each encounter. You have to manage your resources, but not long-term, so I don't feel much need to hold on to them instead of using them. The basic gameplay comes down to getting from point-A to point-B, and the constant ""blackouts"" keep things interesting and feeling a bit chaotic. And I love that you can hear them coming with that eery drone - it reminds me of drifting in and out of sleep, or falling into sleep paralysis.The palace itself is both beautiful and yet ""menacing"". Everything is hard surfaces, with no beds or human comforts. It's like a mockery of what people think they want - pure luxury and gold everywhere, but nowhere to actually live. It's like a giant shopping mall without any stores in it. It looks exhausting.I'd recommend ECHO if you're looking for a unique sci-fi experience. It starts slow, but for me, that's just part of the immersion. I'd also recommend playing it for just an hour or two a day, at night, with the lights off (I'd make the same recommendation forAlien Isoluationor any immersion-based game)."
,Recommended,551770,35140154,Posted: 22 September,all,MINT COLLIE,"I really liked echo, but for all the wrong reasons I feel like.Its a short game, i Beat it in around 8ish hours or so.First I have to say the game runs and looks beautiful. never have i played a game that was so close to things that i love all mashed togther. a lot of the game is spend wandering around these open mazes that really work in the favor of the games visuals. it lets you really take it all in.gameplay is pretty simple, all your actions are recorded when the lights are on. when they go off your free to do what you want without it coming back to haunt you. but once the lights come back on all that was recorded gets added to the AI's brain and now they can do whatever you did, be it going in water or shooting a gun.but then the problem lies of getting familar with the loop, you stratagise what you  have to do around this loop and it really makes the game simpler, i was able to out manuever a lot of the enimes because i sat in a corner for a loop and then they forgot how to stand up.running away from them is usually the best tatic.when the enimes come to attack you they grab onto you, if you mash F you  push them off you enough to quickly slip away, and you can do this to two enimes grappeling on top of you. once you push them off your left in a wounded state for a few seconds where if another enemy attacks you game over. which is aggervating, sometimes two will try to grapple you but one will just stand there and wait for you to finish mashing F instead of pileing on. so once you shove one guy off the other touches you and game over.I was also rather displeased with the ending, it felt cheep. dont get me wrong I understand the ending and it totally fits in with the story. but it dosent really pay off in the way that i was expecting.all in all, its a good game for the price. if your looking for a quick beautiful game with some replayability then this is a good pick8/10"
76561198017126502,Recommended,551770,35141890,Posted: 22 September,all,standaloneworld,"I'm having a conversation with my snarky AI buddy.Open a big door and see four more of me not too far off.I sneak in, off to the side to avoid detection and slide across a table.Land right behind me.I choke me out so I can't chase me down the hall.Lights flicker/dim. Ok I'm good.sneak around and grab a glowing blue puzzle piece thing.Easy.Another me spots me, so I charge at me and push me over.Take that me.Lights go out. Its go time.I take out my lazer pistol and shoot down 2 me's.Out of energy cells.Why did I do that when the waypoint is 150 m away?Other me's are coming after me, but they haven't seen me sprint yet, so they are menacingly walking toward me in the dark.Somewhat scared that I look that creepy in the dark, but sprint past.Blackout next to a table with grapes.Lights come on and I sprint to another table with grapes.As I'm eating, I come up from behind me and choke me out.Why me? What did I ever do to me?Goddammit grapes/10"
,Recommended,551770,35160807,Posted: 23 September,all,NaCl,"Stealth game where the enemies only do what you do, very interesting challenge. Also a very beautiful game that truly captures the feel of an infinite palace very well."
,Recommended,551770,35160464,Posted: 23 September,all,Major Funk,"Wow, this is what we want, innovative gameplay, amazing graphics, great voice acting, a storyline that draws you in. This is like nothing else I have played and after 3 hours I can say without fear, ""don't pass on this game/experience"" Amazing"
,Recommended,551770,35390837,Posted: 1 October,all,Relle,"Short version: ECHO is a short but sweet game, providing a unique experience you won't find elsewhere. While I wouldn't call it GOTY, it's an excellent first title from a new indie developer on the scene! Check out my review for more information and gameplay footage!https://youtu.be/6ihX-WR3JJI"
,Recommended,551770,35432863,Posted: 2 October,all,GeneralLC,"Personal GOTY. Great art style, paranoia-inducing atmosphere, haunting/soothing music, and voice acting with some ♥♥♥♥ing conviction. I love a good stealth game, and one that punishes you fairly and keeps you moving is fantastic. This game is worth it for the singularly unique artstyle present throughout. I love this game."
76561198035299168,Recommended,551770,35394942,Posted: 1 October,all,red1jolie,"Whatever you do...please buy this game now..sit back and enjoy an out of worldly experience!The good:- character design, especially kudos to En, Love her!- World design/setting..soooo beautiful! We need more sci fi from Denmark!- voice acting...Rose Leslie (En) and Nick Boulton (London) nailed it!- enemies....scary and weird..yet beautiful!- gameplay...simple concepts..yet so deep and fun!- sound design...maybe my personal favourite at this moment..just listen for urself!- graphics....best use of the unreal engine 4 I've seen....shaped into a beautiful world!- pacing...sum moments ur relaxing and enjoying the setting...then things change..wont spoiler it!- story...man something about the story struck the right cord or should I say fork with me. Cant say a thing without spoiling it.- length....it doesnt overstay its welcome.The Bad:- If you complete this game ur gonna want more...sigh.Thank you for the amazing experience Ultra Ultra, Looking forward to your next project."
76561198287681342,Not Recommended,551770,35487161,Posted: 4 October,all,JUSTOOMANYDAMNBONGOS!,"This game has one of the slowest starts in ♥♥♥♥ing history? Were they high when they made this intro? I played for almost a whole hour before I even saw one enemy. I literally walked for a hour listening to two very boring people squabble back and forth at each other.Why not make the halls shorter? Why not make the intro 20 minutes long? Why are you force feeding me exposition between two unlikable characters for a ♥♥♥♥ing hour. I tried this game because the idea of it sounded awesome. Teachable AI? Sign me the hell up. But making someone play an hour of your game just to try the idea out is ludicrous.As soon as they introduced enemies, I was so bored I was ready to shoot myself. Everything feels sluggish and like an absolute waste of time. Don't buy this game unless you are looking for cliche and boring writing."
76561198391643103,Recommended,551770,35150072,Posted: 23 September,all,TheGameChanger,"The graphics and artisitic style is simply amazing!The graphics and artisitic style is simply amazing!The graphics and artisitic style is simply amazing!The graphics and artisitic style is simply amazing!4x for emphasisThis kind of cinamatic style is rare to see and you quickly understand that this game was made with real talent behind it! But the game content gets old pretty quickly.The same infinite level, no new enviorments, no new areas, just the same gamply over and over again. Its like Mario or Sonic the Hedgehogf on repeat on one level forever. Its had to imagine the team thought this was a good idea?The factor that saves this game is that it is artisctically stunning and near unmatched in quality. Even with the boring game content it still is a marvel of a game! It's just unfortunate that I'm partial to gameplay over Graphics. If this game had good content along with its Graphic/Art style it would easily be top 10 game of the year, Im more annoyed that this game falls short in content causing it not to be mainstream then actually being personaly disapointed, which is why even though I dont like the game, I STILL RECOMEND THIS GAME BECAUSE EVERYONE NEEDS TO SEE HOW VIDEO GAME GRAPHICS/ART SHOULD BE DONE!!I rate this game 12/10 in Graphics/Art styleI rate this game 4/10 in gameplay"
,Recommended,551770,35093304,Posted: 20 September,all,F4LK,"In this game you play as En, the main protagonist of this game who is accompanied by a mysterious voice called London. You are on a personal mission to explore your Grandpas so called Palace where clones of yourself exist, who obviously try to kill you onsight. These clones mimic your every behavior meaning when ever an ECHO appears in the game they copy everything you did beforehand.Example: you are in room with a cage in it and in there are a few clones trapped, not knowing how to open the cages door. It is save for you now because they dont know how to open the door yet. But to exit this room you have to open another door, so you exit this room and show them how to open doors while doing this. Next time a ECHO appears (feels like every 30 seconds but could be random tbh) the clones will revive if you killed any before and gain knowledge of stuff you did before the ECHO happend, in this case on how to open doors. This works with stuff like shooting your gun ,crossing water or sprinting etc. but! they also have a short memory, hence ECHO, they will forget everything after one turn aslong you didnt do it again.Afer you are done with the tutorial section the real game begins and evolves into a trial and error puzzle game with lite shooter and stealth mechanics. You cannot savescum and have to restart at the beginning of the ""level"" after every death. The areas are very clever designed so there is not one golden tactic to beat the whole game with as far as I am aware.While you are doing your thing you learn more about the story and the world through small cutscenes but mostly well voiced conversations between En and London. Gameplay is a janky 3rd Person shooter but to be honest it is servicable. Sadly there is horrible negative mouse acceralation like in Senuas Hellbade so a controller is recommended. Animations are also really janky and could be better.The game is incredibly good looking tho and runs reasonly well (around 60 to 70 fps ish on MAX settings) on my system; 3440x1440, GTX 1080, i7 6700k, 16GB RAM.Now to some things that are only interresting to special snowflakes like me:The game as of writing this review (21 sept. 2017) has no native 21:9 support but there is a fix for it over atwsgf.orgThe game supports simultaneous m+kb and gamepad inputs without flickering between gamepad and m+kb glyphs, perfect for Steam Controller users like me.Definitely a thumbs up for this game."
,Recommended,551770,35151127,Posted: 23 September,all,PKOPQ,...
76561198014289925,Recommended,551770,35187291,Posted: 24 September,all,patfeerick,I love it!
,Not Recommended,551770,35198626,Posted: 25 September,all,Voodooman,"I really dont want to downvote this game, but i do that to attract attention fo devs and other players to MAJOR BALANCE issues in game described herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/551770/discussions/0/1496741765140341324/that i really wish devs to fix ASAP! Game is really frustrating at this point.2 put it simple - STEALTH is broken because of inbalanced placement of way too many NPCs with no chance to get behind them all unavoidable and then game turns into lame survival horror with zombies chasing you... and game mechanics broken because blackouts happens way too often - after you  KILL npc blackout happens and they respawn, and you barely can run, and they can do it better than you, and you simply screwed. If you try to play it stealthy and if you lucky to kill few enemies silently - blackout will wipe out your stealth hunt progress and enemies may respawn behind you and stop you and again it will turn into Benny Hill chase.Also - intro is very long and boring and level design is very generic - everything built of repetive elements that look the same in every room and coridors so loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong for no reason, so i literaly has fallen asleep for a minute when played 1st hour of them game where nothing really happened, and you just walked loooooooooooong corridors that can bore you to death. Even David Lynch dont make boring scenes longer than 5 minutes! Real game getting started only after about 1 hour, it really should be shorter or faster and level design should be less generic and some events should happen on a way to make this feel less boring. I played a lot of so called Walking SImulators like SOMA and they was interesting and enterntaining, this game however, i mean its 1s hour - is literlly the most boring walking simulator of all walking simulators.In general this game suffers from Ubisoft syndrom - this is when whole gameplay of game is crafted by repetitive missions, levels, and game situations, and you have to do all the boring stuff again and again, and every gameplay element is very generic and same. Remember 1st Assassin Creed and how it has 5 of same taks before you asigned to kill anyone and how everything was pattern based and copy pasted? Same here. Generic elements are so repetitive that i started to suspect that game has procedural level generator or its levels was not designed by humans and devs just wrote neural network ai that generated these levels and even placed enemies and then they cooked it into final build. Even MGS 1-2 VR levels felt more handcrafted and less generic, than this."
,Not Recommended,551770,35210207,Posted: 25 September,all,Vayaka,"Boring, idea is nice. But gameplay is dull and slow. I would name it puzzle, walking simulator."
,Not Recommended,551770,35336948,Posted: 30 September,all,rebelzoo,"This game looks great, but is incredibly difficult and frustrating, even on easy.  I am sick of playing the same levels that take many minutes, over and over, with no guidance."
76561198084995930,Not Recommended,551770,35078525,Posted: 19 September,all,Jack,"Spent an hour walking around listening to dialogue until I got completely stuck at the section wherethey learn to walk in the waterbefore I stopped playing altogether. I went into this game completely blind so knew nothing about how the game's main mechanic works at this point since it's never explained to you.The graphics are okay, but the environments quickly become boring as it's the same assets plastered over and over again. The character model (and I do mean singular model) is awful, and the animations are especially bad. This game would've benefited greatly from motion tracking for both face and body movements; even improving the lip syncing would be nice.The story is what interested me the most but I know so little about it after an hour to give a good evaluation, however. I'm uncompelled to continue playing for the story alone, the gameplay is just bad.Gameplay spoilers:The ""round"" system doesn't invite interesting gameplay. You try to avoid taking as many actions as possible during the ""day"" or ""lights on"" sections and then go mad killing everything you can see during the ""night"" when the computer is blind. That's it. How does this create interesting gameplay? Yes, it's cool your fighting against ""yourself"" (and I suspect/hope this will link into the story somehow). But it's just a bore to play. Refunded.EDIT: I also encountered some weird audio cracking/spluttering during cutscenes, which look equally hideous as the main game."
76561198043406781,Not Recommended,551770,35274584,Posted: 28 September,all,Baron,"Glitchy mess. Can't recommend at the moment but maybe after some fixes, it'll be up and running. The intro is so long that I never made it to the actual game so I can't comment on that. Feels promising though."
,Not Recommended,551770,35070509,Posted: 19 September,all,Harlequin,"Fantastic premise, and great ideaRuns SUPER poorly at the moment with heavy fps drops at any setting/window. Recommend waiting until game has been patched if it does not work for your system. Feel free to utilize the steam refund system if the game does not work correctly on your machine. Thats what its there for =)EDIT(9/24):Per request, and helpful comparisons, my base system specs are below.Graphics: Radeon RX 580Processor: AMD Ryzen 5 1600 6-CoreMemory: 16GB DDR4Storage: Samsung 250 SSD"
76561197984495010,Not Recommended,551770,35224964,Posted: 26 September,all,ninjahh-93,"Si I watched the video and was like :O thats looks fantastic, so I bought the game and all I did in 44 minutes was walking around getting from point A to B"
76561198021530676,Not Recommended,551770,35094877,Posted: 20 September,all,Metis,"Bugged!   Cant jump down on very first landing, No dialoge and no way to proceed!  Shame - It looked like it had potential."
76561198285605289,Not Recommended,551770,35095742,Posted: 20 September,all,猪中贵族百岁猪,boring and tedious. Ruined my expectation definitely!
,Recommended,551770,35074042,Posted: 19 September,all,SubJaeger,Write a review for ECHOPlease describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198292650986,Not Recommended,551770,35081049,Posted: 20 September,all,包子,"In the first hour I playing I can't feel any thing worth the price except the scene.After I finally begin to fight,it's so boring that I just shoot some enemies and run."
,Not Recommended,551770,35200210,Posted: 25 September,all,rragh001,"Been playing for an hour and haven't had any actual gameplay yet. It's been all tedious slow-walking, bare-bones exposition and finding doors.Ultra Ultra. I would like to play play now now. Can I play play my game game?Would that be alright with you? Would just like some gameplay. I don't think I'm asking too much.It would be nice to know how the game actually is before the 2hr ""oh wait this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; window expires.I'm on to you Ultra Ultra. I know what your'e doing here. You're not fooling me.I have three different timers set. I'm alt-f4'ing in 30 more minutes and getting a refund. Will change this review once I know how the game is."
76561198114467825,Not Recommended,551770,35072196,Posted: 19 September,all,NippleSkyPenetrator9000,runs like♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,551770,35112408,Posted: 21 September,all,Moon_Breaker,"Great game so far, definitely worth 20Euros.Nice graphics, good music-sounds, amazing designs and fabulous atmosphere. (at least I love it)I can only recommend it."
76561197988489805,Recommended,551770,35096206,Posted: 20 September,all,Neroxninja,"""Anything that you do in the light... they will learn it. And when the light shines again... they will remember every action from your past-self"".Beautiful looking, challenging gameplay, great music and marvelous all over the place. This kind of games trully show the awesome potential that indie developers can achive. I'm glad they took their time to polish this game. I really recommend it to the people who are looking for a stealth/puzzle game."
,Recommended,551770,35069505,Posted: 19 September,all,Vollas,"crashes like crazy on my rig, I5 4670K 16 gigs ram gtx 1080ti. RefundUpdate turns out my gpu is shot so i change my review, cause thats not the developers fault and i cant in all onesty gives this game a bad review.what short time i played it is a nice looking game graphically. when i get my replacement card and it is stable i will buy again."
,Recommended,551770,35118142,Posted: 21 September,all,mellow [J],"The intro is a bit like a movie and a walking simulator, but it's fantastic in the way that it sets up the story behind the characters and creates a very mysterious and eerie atmosphere. So far really enjoying this game and well worth the price tag."
,Recommended,551770,35119264,Posted: 21 September,all,destroyer1723,"I'll start this off by saying that this isn't a long game, as at the time of writing this review I have just finished the storyline where I was just shy of the 10 hour mark. Despite it being so short, the game uses every one of those hours effectively, primarily through the uniquely built AI. If you have read the store description you will know by now that the AI in this game is very different from other games, in that it quite literally learns from your actions. I won't go over how exactly this ""Echo"" mechanic works as the store page and many other reviews already describe it in detail, but I want to say this mechanic really seperates ECHO from other games in all of the genres it covers. Anywho, enough of the Echo mechanic, and onto the other stuff people are usually concerned about. Graphics. There's some good stuff here in that department, because the game quite literally looks indistinguishable from the trailers above, and I'm not even playing on max settings too, AND I don't even have great screen resolution either, which all in all amazes me how much they did with the graphics. Moving on we've got gameplay which I found to be primarily stealth based, (could be different for others, you just have to choose) but because of the Echo mechanic, that playstyle is always changing in some way which is really rare for me to find in most games now, as usually once I find a playstyle I stick with it till the end. I will say that it seems  for quite abit of people the first bit of the game is slow, and I can see why they feel that way, but after the first hour you reach the meat of the game which are the enemies. Anywho moving to the audio of the game, the music is frigging great, and to me it even served a purpose in game, as it changes with the light cycles which I thought was really cool and useful. And for how little variation there is in the music, I never got sick of it, as it always added to the splendor of the world around me no matter how much it was repeated. Alongside the great music, we've got awesome voice acting for both En and London.I didn't think about layout of Pros versus Cons before writing this, so after this, until specified, I will talk about what I think could be improved upon.First and foremost I think the world design could have been better with more variation in the structure of the palace in each area. Secondly the AI could use some major improvements, as even though the enemies can learn different skills from you, they only have very basic patrol patterns which will only variate slightly with the skills you've taught them, which leads to the player very quickly finding holes in their patrol patterns. Also if enemies do start chasing you, the instant they lose sight of the player, they'll go to where they last saw the player, walk a couple feet forward and then look around on the spot, and they'll do that a couple more times until just giving up, and return to the same crappy patrol pattern, despite having only covered maybe fifteen feet. Lastly, this is really nitpicky, I would have liked to see more levels, however I know that this could have been limited by any amount of factors which is fine with me.These last things aren't really good or bad things about the games, but rather just things I would love to see from the devs. Is there a level editor in the works? Because I think if there is one thing that could enhance this game the most, it would be a level editor. A level editor I think would really let people put the Echo mechanic to good use, as I love the idea of it, and to only see it used in the levels found in the basegame is wasting it's potential. This brings me to my second thing, the future. I personally would love to see the devs expand upon the Echo mechanic in the future, whether it be in dlc, sequels, or even games not even related to ECHO. I say this because I really think this mechanic has something unique to it, and I would just love to see how far it can go.However, as I've come to the end of my review I must say thanks to ULTRA ULTRA for making such a great game that accomplishes so much for so little. So guys and gals my final verdict on ECHO is that, yes, I strongly reccomend this game.P.S. This is my first REAL review of a game, so I apologize for the mess it is, but I thought this game deserved it.P.S.S. I also missed alot of stuff, but I'm too lazy to put it in now."
,Recommended,551770,35132021,Posted: 22 September,all,Ragsy,"Just played through the game, and remaining spoiler free, I can say this was an incredible game. One of the most challenging games I've played in a long while, and I only did my first play through on normal difficulty. The unlockable higher tier difficulty is going to be great fun. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a challenging AI that learns from your actions as you play. Oh yeah, the story was pretty great too."
,Recommended,551770,35136662,Posted: 22 September,all,ftstani,"I recommend this game for its stark Rococo artstyle and novelty. Quite unique in an artsy manner. The prevailing atmosphere in-game reminds me of the Merovingian's chateau from the Matrix trilogy.But if you're looking for a fun third-person stealth/action shooter with an interesting new mechanic, as the trailers imply, this game is not for you. The actualy gameplay gets old, fast. Enemies learning from you boils down to enemies repeating basic actions you can perform. For example, if you use ranged attacks, the clones do the same. You start sprinting, the clones get a sprint ability. That's it. It's nothing ground-breaking. I've seen much better AI in games that don't advertise this ""new"" feature. Another issue is the constant rebooting of clones' AI, to represent the learning and assimilation of new information. In practice this means your screen goes black every couple of minutes; it feels no different than if they purposefully programmed the game to freeze every couple of minues. As you can imagine this gets tiresome fast.The shooting mechanics are also tepid, this game being more of a walking simulator than a shooter, you are limited to two rounds before you need to recharge your power cell. Speaking of walking, get used to the slow movement, especially in the first hour or so.The story is confusing. The basical premise is simple, but as you get further into the game it quickly gets bogged down in techno-babble and capitalized fictional historical events that have no meaning. Finally, the design of the main character leaves much to be desired -- I mean if you're going to spend hours staring at somebody that somebody should be pleasing to look at. My God, who comes up with this seriously?"
76561198060421127,Recommended,551770,35194228,Posted: 24 September,all,S1ickReed,Beautiful new twist in the stealth game genre.
76561198411748015,Recommended,551770,35191820,Posted: 24 September,all,shoe200girl,This game is so much fun to play.  It starts out of slow but it does eventually come alive.  It definitely keeps my heart racing and has me thinking of  ways to outsmart my clones.  I can't stop playing
,Recommended,551770,35164960,Posted: 23 September,all,Olivaw,"Echo is the best science fiction short story I've played since The Swapper, or The Fall, or possibly even Portal. It's the best stealth-puzzler I've played since Hitman. It's the most unique looking aesthetic and design this side of Warframe. And I can't say enough good things about the voice actors, who kill every line they're given.If you like any of the above things, you should play Echo. You should REALLY play Echo."
76561198008176162,Recommended,551770,35167217,Posted: 23 September,all,GySgt. B. Armstrong [1st MRB],"Excellent stealth game so far.The start is a bit slow, but after the first hour the real quality of this game shines.The story is relatively simple so far, though complex in the language it uses at times. You learn more and more as time goes on, but its basically something similar to Shadow of the Colossus, except instead of being tasked with slaying giants to bring one the character loves back to life in a medieval-fantasy setting, this is a character tasked with going to the heart of a sentient planet-structure, The Palace, to find a device that can supposed bring back the dead as she's trying to bring someone she cares about back to life in what is basically a sci-fi setting.The AI mechanic is one of the more unique concepts I've seen in a modern game, and is obviously this game's prime selling point. It not only forces the player to think about WHERE they're going, but WHAT they're doing in between blackouts, as the Palace's AI will remember and implement whatever you were doing into the Echoes' latest iterations. A endless bunch of silent patrolling mimics of you that will try and kill you on sight and stop you from proceeding further into the Palace and adapt to everything you do.The visuals look great, the voice acting is good quality (though there's really only two characters with voices in this story, En and ""London""), and the gameplay is fairly challenging.IMO, just from my short play time so far, well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,551770,35224390,Posted: 26 September,all,Erufen Rito,"I do recomend this game, under two conditions:A) Don't play it in one sittingB) Assume the stroy is an afterthought, for each level.Pros:Stunning visuals. Many times I found myself marveling at the tesseract of a level I was walking through. I particularly enjoyed the black out parts.The adaptive AI, plus its vast numbers can make the game challenging, but never difficult. This is both a pro and a con, since the game doesn't really feel like it WANTS to make you suffer. You can totally just rambo your way through a segment, but you will pay for it on the next. I suppose the game is as hard as you push through it.Cons:Stale. The game feels stale. I hated that the enemies had no variety whatsoever. I feel that the adaptiveness and learning of the constructs was lacking. For kicks, I went through a segment with as little action as possible. On the next segment, I basically sprinted and punted my way through. Rinse and repeat, and I finished a chapter in like 10 minutes.They assume you know what the ♥♥♥♥ a Resourceful is, and where the Gardens are, and who the hell Foster is, and why was Gramps such a hate dripping♥♥♥♥♥♥ but never really bother to go in depth or explain any of it. The lore does a very poor job at describing itself, and the narrative simply assumes you are part of the universe, and were there a centiry ago, and are here now to continue on the conversation. Some things do get explained, but only under certain conditions. As a first playthrough, I largely ignored the story, and once chapter select was unlocked, I went back and put the puzzle pieces together.It is bloody short. I did my first runthrough in like 5 hours. It is ridiculously short.Overall, I think it is a great game, that could've been done better. For the price range, I will say I did get my money's worth, and I have no complaints there."
,Recommended,551770,35223227,Posted: 26 September,all,Shinji16,"Absolutely wonderful title. The main conceipt of the enemy only using moves that you use, and rebooting if you stray too far from what they know, is well executed. On top of that, the audio and visuals are equally fantastic with an engaging story."
76561198283106377,Recommended,551770,35211051,Posted: 25 September,all,ArjabRoy,"ECHO is a Stealth Action Sci-fi game with an unique blend of ambience and atmosphere, this game totally depends upon how the player plays it as the in game AI will copy all the players actions and reboot it in the next blackout mechanic of the game which is the best part of En's journey.Pros:+Unique Ambience+Great Atmosphere+Solid Gameplay+Decent Stealth+Neat in game Mechanics+Cool Graphics+Great Design+Interesting CollectiblesCons:-Repetitive-Poor characterization-Not so great optimization-Poor Lip SynchingConclusion: Recommended for players who love stealth action video game with a bit of exploration. Overall it's a good package according to the price.My rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,551770,35210193,Posted: 25 September,all,Zotc,This game is amazing and addicting.
76561198219928403,Recommended,551770,35267850,Posted: 28 September,all,NO-FEAR,Reminds me of BLAME!.11/10
,Recommended,551770,35284468,Posted: 28 September,all,xarph,"This is the best Doctor Who game to never get a Doctor Who license. Not quite an action game, not quite a stealth game, but less abstract than a puzzle game. If you loved the Tom Baker and David Tennant horror episodes of Doctor Who where a lack of budget was turned into a feeling of heart-stopping dread in the editing room (think Girl in the Fireplace, The Robots of Death, and Blink), you won't be disappointed.The controls are stubborn until you unlock sprint about 90 minutes in, and it could use some improvements to the cover system (either a snap to cover or more visual feedback about whether you're visible), but I'm not disappointed."
,Recommended,551770,35330430,Posted: 30 September,all,⋖ℭ𝔥𝔞𝔬𝔰𝔰⋗,"Great game, definately one of the better action adventure games I'll remember for decades to come (along with Portal/Portal 2) then again I love these sorts of mysterious games. I'll also be following the developer and looking forward to any new games, expenasion packs/DLC's or sequals/prequals that might be in the pipeline.ScoringGraphics: 9/10  - Graphics are absolutely mindblowing, it would have been a 10/10 however a point is lost due to lack of ultrawide support.Gameplay: 7/10  - Gameplay feels tight and well thought out, enemies learn from your actions and offer a challenge, the downsides are that balancing sometimes feels off and the story elements can be interupted by enemies. I feel some balancing work might be needed here. I also feel the game can be too linear at times, the game is set in a vast world and at times it can feel frustrating being constantly funneled a specific path. I feel like offering a more open experience while still maintaining the story and adding more easter eggs and things to find would really help the game out overall.Story: 10/10 - One of the best stories/adventures I've seen this year. Only let down by the lack of ability to find out more although this may be intentional. Still gets 10 points from me!Replayability: 6/10 - Not the most replayable game ever, as previously mentioned I feel having a more open world with more things to find would really benefit here. I tried a second playthrough and it felt a little to samey.Controls: 8/10 - Controls feel responsive and well thought out although I found I was a little put off at the beginning due to the low sensativity, I was worried the whole game would be like this when it wasn't. Otherwise controls felt fairly tight.FeedbackI'd really like to see the game expanded upon with a more open world and more exploration options while still maintaining (and expanding upon) the base story. I feel like I'm being funneled through a specific way in this vast temple and I'd like to explore this huge place some more and hear some more dialog from the AI about the origins.I'd love to see an additional game or a DLC prologue (interactive flashbacks maybe?) added where we are able to explore that garden or the wastelands described in the game, in other words I'd love to actually get to experience some of what is talked about by the AI.This is a really awesome game and a bug I reported was fixed fairly quickly with the developer being responsive on the forums to issues."
,Recommended,551770,35341054,Posted: 30 September,all,HeyJoe[HUN]PC RPG Community,"I think this isn't just another indie game but one of the best so far yet, what I was lucky to play until now. A unique TPS adventure game in the sci-fi genre, where you are actually able to choose between action & stealth modes but beware: whatever is your tactics, your enemy is always watching & learning from you, so every time you meet with your foe again, you find yourself in a bigger trouble against a more advanced, stronger opponent!I didn't finished yet this game, so I don't know anything yet about the ending but the story of the beginning & middle of this game is interesting & as I mentioned before, the enemy is really great & unique in this game! :)Yep, I highly recommend to play this game, has a really great level design, also sounds, music & graphics are really neat!You can watch here the 1st part of my Full HD / 60 FPS gameplay video with maxed out graphics on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhnpN4UmLQw"
,Recommended,551770,35395405,Posted: 1 October,all,DIEFIESEDEMO,Good game
,Recommended,551770,35379176,Posted: 1 October,all,Greg22073,"Pro:-Good story and voice acting-Beautiful graphics-Very good level design-Good gameplay(Except the Controls)Con:-The worst controls i've seen in a PC gameIn this game trying to move the Camera precisely is impossible.There is an extreme amount of mouse acceleration and smoothing going on, so you can't aim at all (The hitboxes are horrible too). But The mouse isn't the only thing bad, the keyboard controls are even worse.You run up to an enemy and try to push it. Even tough you pressed ""f"" a thousand times, the game doesn't recognize it and you get killed. So you have do do the whole process over and over again, until the game decides to recognize the Input.But if you dont care about the controls too much, it's a very cool, challanging and interesting game which has a lot to offer."
,Recommended,551770,35398152,Posted: 1 October,all,[V101] Zach Wilson,Unbelievlable ambiance and a really unique core mechanic that's kind of freaky.  It takes a little while to get going and the checkpoints are VERY punishing - but it looks like nothing else and really makes you think about your actions in a different way than most... games of this type.
,Recommended,551770,35090525,Posted: 20 September,all,Trivvy™,"Overall if you think the premise of this game will interest you, then get it, you know what to expect and it will fulfill your expectations, though the overall experience has its flaws when looking at it as a whole.The graphics are good, though perhaps not worth the inconsistent performance on my GTX 980 (FPS is acceptable, but not solid), I've had just as good as/better looking games perform better. Optimization in the near future hopefully. Some more information about graphics options would be nice as well. What anti-aliasing? MSAA? Is Ultra MSAA x16? Something else? What's ""downsample on motion""? etc.The controls feel a little weird, someone talked about negative mouse acceleration, which sounds about right. It's a minor bother, but one that I really hope they fix, it will just improve QOL dearly.Story for the most part so far, 2.6 hours in, is a little spoon-fed, but also not at the same time. Spoon-fed in the way that ""story segment"" and ""gameplay segment"" are very clearly defined. Story segment, you walk slow, and the level design is deliberately made so that it will take you longer to walk through it than it will to finish the dialogue. Not spoon-fed in the way that not all information is laid out to you from the get-go about the characters. Who/What is En? Who is London really? What's their story? What about the palace? etc. Such questions are slowly being answered bit by bit via the dialogue.The gameplay is as I expected. You're put in an arena with objectives to fulfill. Collect this, put it here. Collect X amount of these. And you'll have copies of your self around the place as well as various obstacles. Doors. Elevators. Water. Vaultable things. Stairs. Walls. And you need to complete these objectives without getting your skull pushed in by your doppelgangers. As you play in the ""light"", the palace takes not of specific actions you perform. Opening doors. Vaulting things. Shooting. Crouching. Walking in water... And when it has collected a specified amount of information, it reboots. Things go dark, you can do whatever you want without the palace taking note, but when it comes back online, your doppelgangers will be capable of what the palace took note of, and the cycle begins again, their abilities will be replaced with whatever you have ""taught"" them during the previous light cycle, and are not built up.It can get pretty stressful as you're calculating how to complete certain objectives by doing only certain actions to give yourself an easier time in some aspects during the next light cycle. ""Should I rely on vaulting and not use the elevators so I can use the elevators next time? Perhaps I'll avoid the water this time so I can get to the objective over there unimpeded..."" And then when things start to go wrong, you have to make snap decisions as to what liberties you want to take, fully in the know that they will be used against you next cycle. Herein lies the fun of the game, it's like a puzzle game almost.However the environments can get pretty boring pretty quick. I was expecting it, but still. It's pretty much just the same assets re-used in every arena, just arranged in a different way, only really changing when you move out of one part of the palace, outside, into another. Portal did something similar, but I can't quite place my finger on why it didn't bother me there.It can be quite frustrating with some of the ""collect X amount of these"", getting >=75% of the things, only to get killed by a swarm of them to start from the beginning again (pretty much put the game down at that point when it happens...). I understand why it is that way though, it adds tension from the prospect of failure. If failure didn't hold much of a penalty, you wouldn't care about failing would you?My only major gripe that I definitely want fixed is the way getting attacked by a group works. Sometimes when you get jumped, the group of them try to push your sh!t in and you can fight them off by mashing F, allowing you to get away. However, a lot of  the time they get stuck and mill around nearby instead, so when you break free, you're immediately grabbed again, only to be killed. (You get one chance to be grabbed, and if you're grabbed again within a short period you die.) If this gets fixed, I'll try to remember to change the review to reflect that.Despite the negatives though, I overall recommend this game to people who find the overall premise interesting.Edit: For those concerned with repetitiveness of the environments, it DOES change up a bit as you progress, enough to not feel like a slog!"
76561198002806356,Recommended,551770,35316658,Posted: 29 September,all,Evarith,"horrifying at times, challenging others. The balance between the two is brilliant and all with a lovely narrated story between characters you become oddly attached to."
,Recommended,551770,35346950,Posted: 30 September,all,Leonard McCoy,"ECHO is to be applauded for its originality, but as much as its character-driven concept is a fascinating and innovative, its gameplay side often can't keep up."
,Recommended,551770,35444756,Posted: 3 October,all,Avex,This game gave me anxiety and panic attack multiple times.-10/10
76561197999908538,Recommended,551770,35489107,Posted: 5 October,all,Caliban,"I first played this at a demo booth at PAX and was instantly impressed. This kind of stealth gameplay is innovative and really fun.At first I was wary of liking the visual style too much. Something in me associates ""repetition"" with ""cheapness"" with respect to level constructions and items within a level. But honestly, everything works so well with the ""echo"" theme it stops mattering. And the design for the palace is really cool.The AI in this game is clever and it contributes to the sense of urgency and realism. You can't lose enemies easily. The echoes don't get trapped on corners or confused when you turn a corner up stairs, like how enemies do in a lot of games. This forces you to strategize carefully about what you're going to do.The game feels very robust and designed well. I had to alt-tab a bunch to go do something else and that usually makes games crash, but not this one. Also during a part of one level was running against walls and corners a lot to get away from Echos that had been lured to a weird place. Everything behaved as expected no falling through the floor etcI'm on chapter IV of the full game now and am hooked. The story presented through En and London is really engaging and I want to see what happens. It is satisfying to try and get all the collectibles, so I'm seeing a lot of replay value in that as well.Overall, it's really good!"
76561198010762191,Recommended,551770,35494291,Posted: 5 October,all,Zanjaru,"I really enjoyed this game and went as far to 100% it. In short what I like about the game are the great graphics, the palace architecture, good voice acting, and the AI learning concept.The architecture/level design looks amazing and creates a great atmosphere especially with how the lighting is used. With eary darkness that heightens your senses, fully lighted level to enjoy the beautiful architecture and very bright areas that guide you to somewhere.The gameplay is nice, but can become repetative. For me this was not really an issue since I was enjoying the exploration of levels, and consequently finding every voice/orb in the level, just as much. Besided that you can dictate how the game plays since you can teach the Echo's what they can do. This can make your playthrough slow and methodical, fast and difficult, or somewhere in between in which you time what you teach the Echo's. This brings back some variation to how the game is played.In my opinion this game is quite short and I only managed to put in all these hours by 100% the game, get all achievements and do a second run on ultra hard+legacy. I can see that this is not for everyone though. Also I think the difficulty of the game is not that high, but that may be because of the playstyle I used (slow, methodical with timed teaching).Overall I think this is a great well put together game and I only wish there were some more levels and story in this game. Perhaps in a future dlc."
,Recommended,551770,35458848,Posted: 3 October,all,Sparkileptic,"Overstays its welcome and gets repetitive half-way through. Interesting concept, though."
76561198098920554,Recommended,551770,35249648,Posted: 27 September,all,Sticker Man,"Loved this game, stunning visuals and interesting mechanics. Starts off a little bit slow, just wish it was longer."
76561198051745545,Recommended,551770,35499242,Posted: 5 October,all,vasax,"Very fun gameplay, awesome soundtrack, interesting story, beautiful surroundings, good voice acting.The game is very atmospheric and immersive.I died countless times, so my first walkthrough took me about 20 hours, even though I wasn't trying to collect and explore everything, I mean the game felt quite long, which is good.I'm upset that the game ended, I loved playing it.What can be improved: main character's model without suit on isn't looking good, her body looks weird."
76561198041649379,Recommended,551770,35436136,Posted: 2 October,all,Sigmund,"The Palace is astonishingly beautiful. It is truly a gorgeous game. It vaguely resembles 2001 Space odyssey and a couple of other sci fi movies, the visuals are definitely inspired by them.If you're a Hitman fan you also can't miss this one, since it's made by former developers of IO interactive (the makers of Hitman),  and much like hitman, it oozes style.I had this game on my radar for a while, so for me it was insta-buy.Highly recommended."
76561198122918583,Recommended,551770,35511445,Posted: 5 October,all,Wiggly Google,"Highly reconmend this great game. Story is done excelently through conversation between 2 chrs, one of which you play as. The story doesn't really do any or much universe building but you don't need to know it and it doesn't have an impact on the game or the story for not knowing about the universe in which this is taking place. You get a good sense of the characters like their personality, background, and the reason for being there. It doesn't go in to too much depth as far as background but it does do a good job at covering the essential details. All in a very fluid and believable conversation (not all at once). The story doesn't explain all the deatils in relation to the area in which we play the game. But I didn't mind that much and had a bit of fun theorizing. The end was maybe a tiny bit lack luster. But still ended nicely. Echo had a satisfactory ending wich also peeked my curiosity. The level of detail that went into the graphics where pretty deatailed and looked VERY nice. Every piece to the place looked like it belonged. The game mechanic will keep you on your toes and always thinking about what you have done and how much you want to risk letting the Echo's learn something. I did experience a few  ""hicups"" or glitchs. But 99% of the playthrough was without any glitchs."
