user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,551730,30656549,Posted: 21 March,all,OG | Gigatron,"So playing this, game is pretty solid for a port. Granted lack of mouse use, most of the negative reviews are solely just that.Graphically NiceFeels natural on a controllerNo fps issuesNo glitch issuesOverall a solid game/port and look forward to hunting with others."
76561198035391503,Recommended,551730,30657009,Posted: 21 March,all,lagrie,"Toukiden 2.Is a huge improvement to toukiden kiwami.i saw lots of bad reviews turn up, and was worried that he port was the same as the first game.30 fps, crashes, lag etc. (to i still enjoyed the first one allot)Now is it better?yes, the port runs great at 60 fps. Combat feels improved. its Toukiden but openworld.Art style is great.Characters (so far) are fun.Story (so far) is kind of the same.Gameplay, well its what makes these types of games amazing. its even better since its 60 fps.Its a great game if you enjoy openworld type rpg's or like Hunter games.its a dam good mix. And i do hope they will keep making the next entry like this.improve uppon the things they did now.So whats bad?No mouse support. But thats about it actually...i play these types of games with a controller. Always have, always will.Its refreshing to see that koei tried something new with one of there IP's.and i encourage them to do so more and more.The more they experement, the more of these types of new mix of games we will get.Pc gaming is changing in a good way. More and more niche titles appear.More and more console only games come to pc step by step.I for such support this.Toukiden 2 is a great new entry in the hunting genre as in its franchise.Enjoy the game."
76561198051384176,Recommended,551730,30661052,Posted: 21 March,all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"Toukiden 2 is for those who like Monster Hunt like games but instead of Prehistoric time or Post Apocalyptic of God Eater/Freedom Wars, this will be in the setting of Japanese Mythology Lore.If you own the 1st game, you will get bonus items from the save file. Also you don't need the 1st game as the Story setting will be different. Although some characters from the 1st will appear here.Pros:Its a Ps4 Port, not the VITA, No Ps3 due to it being exclusive to Japan Only.Supports 30FPS to 60FPS.Currently having steady 60FPS gameplay experience.Only 2 Language which you can choose upon the Launcher though Japanese was its Default.It's Graphics quite Improved from the Previous game.Customization has been improved slightly.You get 5 DLC for free within a month after Launch before it becomes a Paid DLC. (Its mostly a Stats Buff and you get a free Kitsune Armor also known as Tenko but in Japanese Term, they don't have the same meaning)World exploration has shifted to be open world. Hunting grounds from previous games return with alterations.You get to run faster now with the R3 Analog Button. You get a special particle effect like Sonic. Its called ""Stormrunner""Day & Night cycle.Japanese Voice Language only but its makes it more fitting and suitable for the game setting. Quite clear and perfect.11 Weapons to choose from as your starting weapon but once you reach the HUB, you can change your default weapons.Music is as Beautiful as it is.Characters art-style is quite well done. Water-paint Art in a Traditional way.Cons:It defaults run on Integrated so you must manually open your NVIDIA Panel to run it on your GPU.http://imgur.com/a/CAiiy<--Follow these Instruction.Minor Stuttering but that's due to Steam Overlay so might need to disable that unless otherwise.Multiplayer uses Steam Region Download Settings and its P2P.Neutral:K+M not Support because KT is well known to cater/favour console so get a bloody Gamepad.3 Save SlotsNo V-Sync settings so those with GSync Monitor, I have no idea.Those who just started or new to the series, There is a saying, ""Easy to Play, Difficult to Master"".Its resolution supports from 640 x 360 / 640 x 480 to 1920 x 1080 / 1920 x 1080.Windows 7 will have the most Issues but, you only have yourself to blame *cough*Recommended most people suggested over at Threads is to update your Windows 7 to the latest update.Software and Hardware is RECOMMENDED to be Updated to the latest. (Don't bullsht youself with *Spyware update then complain you can't play the game because you didn't update your computer)CPU Usage Varies. The Factors are OS, CPU and GPU.Graphic Varies on Users GPU and Settings. ReShade/SweetFX is Optional.Overall: A Good Steady Launch from my experience.Note: Might upload a Youtube Gameplay later on or never. (Did a Shadowplay Recording but Video ended up with the ""Dark Bug"")Review will always be update in Progress.-36 Salty people QQing they can't run mainly due to not Upgrading/UPDATING (Majority of people didn't update their Software/Hardware) and 4k salty minority monitor users.+121 Gets a Japanese Treat (Taiyaki+Dango <3)+8 Funny gets a Kitsune Pet.Some Screenshots:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=888635872http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=888637556http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=888636475"
76561198011722400,Recommended,551730,30656033,Posted: 21 March,all,AbyssHUN◥▶◀◤,"Excellent Port.They did good with this one.No lag, shuttering or any bug so far.You can change between 30 and 60fps.Fix 60 fps inside and outside of the town.A huge step up from Toukiden Kiwami PC port."
76561198118579358,Not Recommended,551730,31080845,Posted: 11 April,all,Tyrion_Lord_Imp,"TL;DR: Wait for the expansion that will actually be a complete game rather than buying this half-completed budget game that is priced as an AAA game.Toukiden 2 improved on the predecessors (Toukiden and Toukiden Kiwami) in several ways by adding many cool features and mechanisms, such as the open-world map, the oni hand, and several new styles of mitamas. However, Koei Tecmo clearly intends to charge you the price of two AAA game (120$) for 1 complete budget game. Here's why.Toukiden 2’s gameplay is fun, I won’t deny that. But there is no doubt that it’s a budget game, as pretty much everything except the few new weapons and mechanisms are old and recycled stuffs from the previous games. The graphics, animations, and overall quality are all that of a budget game. There is nothing wrong with this per se, even if it charges you the same price as The Witcher 3, as long as Toukiden 2 is actually a complete game which I would recommend even at 60$. So what's making me unrecommend this one is purely out of morality since KT is completely without morals as you don't even get a complete game for 60$.Toukiden 2 has far less contents than its predecessor, Toukiden Kiwami, despite the fact people would generally expect each new installment to add upon the predecessors in a game like this. For example, if the previous game had 20 bosses, you would expect more in this new one right? Well, tough luck, we have the exact same number of boss monsters (20) as Kiwami despite Koei has added a few new monsters to Toukiden 2. So how is this possible??Koei intentionally cut a dozen old monsters from previous games when the number of boss variety is already pathetic in this game to begin with (forcing you to fight the same monsters over and over to progress through the game as a result). Some old bosses are shamelessly sold as 5$ DLCs (imagine if Tigrex is sold as a DLC in a MH game), and keeping away a few others -some of them very iconic (like Kiwami’s poster-monster, the twin-tail wolf that’s extremely fun to fight) – for the inevitable expansion that Koei will once again charge you full price for. There is absolutely no doubt that Koei intends to do this, since all weapons and equipment are purposefully kept weak, with their rank maxed out at 6, whereas the predecessor ones went up to rank 9. A big portion of the open world map is also unused, presumably kept for the expansion. The missions are also limited compared to Kiwami, with 7 phases offline and 12 online, whereas Kiwami had 12 and 19 or 20 respectively.So basically to get the full game, you will need to spend 120$ plus whatever you decide to spend on the numerous DLCs featuring purposefully-cut contents from old games rather than newly designed ones. If you are really interested in this game, take my advice and wait for the release of Toukiden 2 Kiwami.Finally, the online is already pretty much dead given than only 300 players are actively playing it (out of a total of 20k players, which is beyond pathetic). You don't care? Well you should even if you plan on soloing the entire game. The fact that Koei doesn't care about getting a lot of sales, has no intention whatsoever to expand their player base and attract new comers with good business practices, and is instead content with the ability to grab some quick cash off the existing tiny niche of players, means that they don't care about you as a customer. So don’t expect ANY technical support or having your complaints heard. With big greedy companies such as EA and Ubisoft, at least they still care about money and players' protests can often have some effect. But when a dev is so lazy and doesn't give a damn about making a complete and quality product, and is only interested in making quick profits, there is NOTHING players can do to make things right. Shortsightedness is worse than pure greed, and Koei Tecmo possesses BOTH traits.Last words on the port, the PC port also lacks basic features you would expect from a game priced as an “AAA” with ZERO mouse support, atrocious keyboard controls (a controller is an absolute MUST), and no resolution support above 1080P and 60FPS."
,Recommended,551730,30656307,Posted: 21 March,all,they might be,"I play the game with an xbox controller, so I am unaffected by the lack of mouse support.This port is fantastic compared to Toukiden Kiwami. I played through the entire story of the first, and dealt with the lag in town because the game was fun. So far Toukiden 2 is running like a dream, and the game is a huge improvement to the first."
,Recommended,551730,30658062,Posted: 21 March,all,Coliathan,just get a controller you troglodytes
76561197963756342,Recommended,551730,30657125,Posted: 21 March,all,Lord Xel,"About what you would expect from a monster hunter-like game.No mouse support, but it isn't that big of a deal. You can freely rebind keys and essentially just use your keyboard as a controler. Such as: I use right hand for camera controls (arrow keys) and left hand controls movements and attacks. Feels nice and works.Will update later once I get some more gameplay down, but initial look isn't as bad as people think it is in regards to controls and such.Updates: One thing I noticed that is pretty horrible is during multiplayer open mic appears to be set to ALWAYS be on. There is no option to turn it off. So if you play with friends and use mumble or team speak (and hate open mic), this will really annoy you. As well, it appears that you also have to have a team of 4 when venturing in multiplayer - so playing with a friend, I have to bring 2 NPC's, which is lame.Game is quite fun and has a lot of variety. It is rather easy though. You have a lot of heals and if you do get knocked out you can just get ressed repeatedly. In multiplayer that means all 4 people have to get knocked out - which is incredibly rare.Sadly, the game doesn't have much replayability or much going for it end game. Stage 12, and that is it. Period. No nothing.I still recommend it, I guess, but very disappointing that there isn't much in terms of continuing to progress in difficulty."
,Recommended,551730,30705498,Posted: 24 March,all,Heaveness,"I wanted to play a good amount of hours into this game first before doing a review on it. Let me say this first, I played the first Toukiden a lot on my Vita so I already have a general idea of what I am getting into.Q: How is the port?A: For the most part, the port is far better than the Toukiden Kiwami port. 1080p and 30/60 FPS lock is a better improvement than the previous game's options. This is a PS4 port if you are wondering so the graphics are decent but they get the job done. I only noticed a few really ugly textures. The biggest downside to this port is the completely lousy keyboard controls. I have an xbox controller so I don't have this problem but I tried keyboard to test. It is absolutely impossible to play because the keybinds are all over the place and you can't change the controls to certain keys like ENTER. Koei has a track record for putting out awful PC controls. They definitely need to fix or get better at this, no  exception even if this was ported from console.Q: Do I recommend or not?A: I highly recommend this game if you love Monster Hunter and JRPG. This games has Open world for single player and a lobby system for multiplayer. What I don't highly recommend you play this if you dont like the genre and you don't have a controller.Q: What improved?A: Almost everything has been improved from the first game except maybe the overall story pacing. The characters are distinct and quite memorable but I found the story pacing all over the place. Sometimes moves along too fast or too slow and sometimes too convenient or resolved too fast. Otherwise the gameplay has been improved with two new weapons. I love the Demon Arm addition and the open world helps give more lore to the world that the previous game lacked.Overall score: 8/10Pros:+Solid and fun combat+Easy to get into but hard to master+Colorful characters+Open world+Mitama system+Beautiful Soundtrack+Great Japanese Voice Acting+solid 60 frames, Have not experienced any slowdownsNeutral:=Decent Graphics=Not bad character creation=Option settings are a bit lacking=many of the missions on multiplayer are not open world and are still instance based which is not a big problem but a missed opportunity.Cons:-Lousy and confusing Keyboard controls (plus no mouse support)-A couple of bugs, glitches, and a few crashed-The story pacing in my opinion is poor and that damages the overall plot."
,Recommended,551730,32963596,Posted: 28 June,all,黒人,"why tf does this game never go on sale :,("
,Recommended,551730,30771774,Posted: 27 March,all,BtnMasherDraco,"""bad port, incomplete, required to play only using keyboard and only supports xbox controllers, good game but not meant for pc""See this? This is a negative review that knows jack about a game.K+M is not required, at all.Xbox Controller is the one labelled, but not the only one that works, I literally use a red DS4 controller.""Not meant for pc""? Can't even touch this.First of all, this is a hunting action genre game, similar to Monster Hunter, but not as in depth. There's a lot of information that isn't available at face value and a ton of issues that people have to go a roundabout way to ""solve""The game has a decent story, it's not the best and it's often funny to cover a somewhat terrible plot twist.The hunting can be brutally unfair sometimes, especially if you come across something that is vastly more powerful than you, but the game tends to keep you in areas that you can survive.Not as much diversity in monsters or quests and while some quests are starkly vague, tend to be less grindy than most games. no getting 50 bugs heads for a single quest like Monster Hunter. Grinding comes into play at High Rank where EVERYTHING needs rare materials to craft/upgrade.Massive complaints:1.) Microphone levels dictated by Steam Voice settings in the main app.2.) Turning off Music Disabled cinematic voice3.) Status Effect resist on bosses tends to go up so high status affect weapons, when solo, tend to become useless after three applications.It's not a perfect game, but it's good for those on PC wanting a hunting Action genre that doesn't want to play Chinese MonHunt Online.Learn to make decent reviews people, ffs."
76561198003260143,Recommended,551730,30657270,Posted: 21 March,all,Nothu,More a Checkup on Port Funcitonality60 FPS - YesStable Performance - YesMassive Loading Time Difference if you have better Hardware - YesKeyboard and Mouse Controls - NoKeyboard Controls - YesSupports multiple Gamepads - YesChanges Input Display on active use - Yes (even has the Xbox Button Layout)Crude Graphic Options. Can't cahnge Particle Effects inside the Game.
76561197991453054,Recommended,551730,31173021,Posted: 16 April,all,formerly,"Let's get to the short answer to the question ""should I buy Toukiden 2?""If you're a fan of monster hunter games then it's a good match.  If you're just curious about it, you'd better think twice.It's almost impossible to describe this game without mentioning Monster Hunter, but you should not go in expecting a similar experience.  Here are a bunch of bullet point considerations in no particular order:-The game community is tiny and therefore the amount of data available is miniscule, even compared to God Eater.  If you can't make your way around Japanese websites, you're going to have a hard time figuring out how gear and weapons work.-The game has a story campaign that is actually quite decent, and you unlock a large number of important perks by completing it.  The characters are generally quite likable despite each individual character having short screen time, and the plot may not be a work of art but it make the world work.-The endgame has a boss-rush system instead of a ""super-strong-monster-kills-you-in-two-hits"" system.  Personally, the apex system in monster hunter killed my motivation.  The ruins boss rush in this game is more fun, because you have to ration your resources over the course of multiple monster kills, and optimizing damage with different weapons and roles can really come together for a satisfying experience.-The mitama system scratches a particular itch many gamers (including myself) may have: the exploration of build possibilities.  Depending on what weapon you choose, you'll have a lot of satisfying moments where you find interesting synergies between the equippable mitama, and most of the time you'll be able to come up with interesting and unique builds that are still viable.  In many other games, going with a sub-optimal build might invite mockery from other players, but in this game, you can make most builds work.-The difficulty is lower when compared with Monster Hunter.  That's not to say that this game is easy, but my multiplayer experience had a lot fewer quest failures than when I played Monster Hunter.-The graphics are nice, but still lacking, especially compared to current-generation games.  This is a vita port, and despite being a very stable one, it is still disappointing that the resources were not spent to make the game look particularly nice.-The armor selection is somewhat lacking.  This is primarily in comparison to Monster Hunter, which had a noticeably larger variety of armors.  However, you are free to mix and match armors for whatever fashion you pursue, because there are no skills attached to armor in this game.  This leads me to believe that you are meant to choose your armors for the sake of looks, which also makes me confused because you cannot dye armors at all.Final note:  The monster hunting genre is experiencing a serious drought right now, and Capcom does not want to spend resources on their product, and the next God Eater game is probably not happening too soon.  This game will sate your thirst if you're hungry for that kind of experience.  However, this game does not stand well next to current generation titles, and I only feel so positively about it because the competition is just so scarce.  The game also feels slightly incomplete, when considering the amount of actual content in the game.I bought this game at full price and played it for a month with my friends, so I do not regret this purchase.  However, I am reluctant to invest any more money into this game or its DLC, because it could be so much more than it is, if only the competition in this genre were a little more fierce."
,Recommended,551730,30672088,Posted: 22 March,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"PROS+Fast-paced action and gameplay.+Greatly improved story and writing.+New weapons, characters, and Oni.+ Great monster hunting experience+ Supportive story+ Co-op Play Available from the start.+Good amount of customization options+Plenty of battle options+Open world exploration features some interesting mechanic+SOLID PORT and Ingame Option customization+Have so many to do things(QUEST)+Cheapest Price(RM94.50)Malaysian Ringgit Convert to US around $20(USD) 1UDS=RM4.45(opposite that i buy from Console which Cost $60=RM267.00+6%GST)Cons-No English dub-CPU Party are too Overpower-Open world is only available in single-player-Combat still fells dull.-Graphics fail to impress Even On High End PC-Repetitive mission structure.-Lobbies could do with a few tweaks.-Low difficulty, even against powerful Oni.(Not as Challenging as MH game)-K/M still have some problem(i play this on steam controller)ConclusionToukiden 2 is a Fun Game.Still, if you’re a combat junkie or MH veteran, you’ll enjoy the game, and between the many weapon types, new Demon Hand capability, and return of Mitama spells and buffs, you’re unlikely to get bored even if the level of complexity doesn’t exactly match up with what you seek.The Game itself packed with so much content that you can enjoy by yourself or with four other friends. The Crafting System is easy to understand and simple enough for anyone to get into and taking down a giant Oni can be incredibly satisfying.Open world doesn't feel bad, although it isn't something you will remember for long. There's still a lack of dynamism in combat, that are almost identical to the earlier entries in the franchise, While it may not go far enough to vastly improve on its previous entry, this series continues to offer plenty of appeal for someone like me who could not get into Monster Hunter due to how it skimps on the story. Toukiden 2 is a great option for those looking to get into this type of genre. It doesn't even feel as much of a chore this time to take down an Oni. And really, considering Monster Hunter Is only available for Nintendo Platform. It's certainly worth a look for that alone.Monster Hunter Genre Game That Are Quite Similar On Pc-GOD EATER RAGE BURST+RESSURECTION-TOUKIDEN KIWAMI(although still have problem on pc)Verdict:3/5 Fun game but combat and crafting system still need some work. Same goes with the powerful CPU party member that need some tweeking otherwise i felt like i am playing a dumb down version of Monster Hunter genre game.it is certainly a great port but if you seek hardcore felling,you certainly won't find it here on PC.NOTE:My 2nd time buying this game since i have already play the japanese versionon ps4 last year.Same Game, Same Graphics good thing for PC version is Free DLC and that is all about it :)"
,Recommended,551730,32332512,Posted: 10 June,all,Physh,"Long story short, the bugs and tedious nature of parts of the game are more than thoroughly mitigated by having one of the best character building systems I've ever played. Monster hunter with flashier combat and a magical flair.Pros: Everyone else can talk about everything else, the biggest reason I'd reccomend this game is the character building.You equip mitama (spirits of dead heroes) to one of three slots: weapon, defense, and demon hand. There are roughly 10 types, and the type you equip determines the skills you have in combat. Your weapon determines your basic attack abilities/buffs, your defense gives you a utility/defensive skill to activate, and the demon hand gives you an ultimate of sorts.So that's about 1000 combinations right there. The real meat of character building in Toukiden 2 is that you pick up to 3 boosts from each mitama you have equipped. These boosts change the way you play significantly. As an example, one of my early builds was an elemental archer that used an ability called homing arrow. It used the SPT (spirit) mitamas primarilly and equipped a handful of buffs to elemental damage, homing arrow damage, and others. Pretty simple.Now that I have well over 100 mitama's unlocked, I spend most of my time in this game trying to find the most absurd way to kill demons. Poison builds, near-death builds, and a particularly fun one that involves almost completely nullifying the cooldowns of all the casted abilities. If you've liked the character building in games such as Dragon Quest, you'll love the deep multiclass ability.Cons: This game is buggy. There's no hiding its a port of a game optimized for consoles. I skipped the first game because it was a god-awful port and almost did the same on this one. No support for the more rare screen resolutions, NO MOUSE SUPPORT, and multiplayer bugs out on me a lot and I often have to restart to get the game going.Let me say one of those again. NO MOUSE SUPPORT. Nada. Do not buy this game if you don't have a gamepad. I use an xbox controller and it works fine, I imagine a steam controller would work too but I haven't tested it out, check other reviews for that.The fun of this game outweighed the flaws. I love deep character building and this game has one of the better styles of character building I've seen. The DLC missions are a bit pricey but add some new oni and more importantly some missions that are a lot better for farming materials than some of the base games.Buy it, try it, if you can get it working within the 2 hour trial period then I highly reccomend continuing to play until you've acquired a substantial collection of weapons and mitama to try out."
,Recommended,551730,30660282,Posted: 21 March,all,Bwork 🐥,"Yes, lets all pour on negative reviews for lack of mouse support,Let's completely disregard- completely smooth at all times at 60 fps- fantastic monster hunter-esque gameplay, something that's severely lacking on pc- tight controls on controller- online co-op, fight badass monsters with your buddies- good soundtrackThis is everything me and many more would want in a pc game....Online coop is wonky at times, and you can't disable voice chat. Koei pls."
76561198078797083,Recommended,551730,31033551,Posted: 8 April,all,Gigaknot,Pros: Crappy RNG is kept to a minimum.Lots of armor and weapons to craft.Intriguing story with room for a expansion/sequel.Seemingly infinite character build possibilities.Tutorial to show you how to use all the weapons and mitamas.Open world enrironment to explore.Cons:  No mouse support.No guide markers or mini map compass help for side quests.No guide or info on crafting weapon/armor progression.Really only playable if you have a functional game controller.Not the biggest lobby of rooms to join in multiplayer.Overall: 7/10
,Recommended,551730,30685709,Posted: 23 March,all,Murdy,"At first, i must say that i'm playing this game with my gamepad (Xbox, Thrustmaster GPX lightback), which works just great, but if you don't have gamepad or you just don't like to play on it, you will not be happy with Toukiden 2.This is just awesome ""monster hunting"" game. While Kiwami was more like MH clone with different setting and combat mechanics, Toukiden 2 feels more like mix of Kiwami, Way of the Samurai and sometimes i just feel some Dragon's Dogma flow.Open World is great improvement, you can use portal stones to travel to distant bases (you have to discover 'em first), so you don't have to travel all the way every time. There is a day / night cycle, including tasks which only can be done in certain part of the day. Quest system has been also improved, now you can accept quests from ppl you meet in town or during your travels through open world.PROS:Story - very good imo, game is more story-driven than Kiwami.Gameplay - monster hunting for materials and Mitama, crafting, equipment and Mitama boosting. There are ""duty"" tasks which leads you through story line, side quests, missions and more :)Combat - imo much better than in Kiwami, Demon Hand (kind of grappling hook) is great improvement, bonus skills from Mitama as well. Thanks to Demon Hand mechanics, you can finally hit Oni upper parts even with long swords, hit flying Oni or just reach any target very fast. You can choose from 11 different types of weapons, each with it's own style.Music - well, music is great, but you can hear many same tracks as in KiwamiGraphics - seems a little bit outdated, but some sceneries looks very good, definitely better than Kiwami.Voice acting - only Japanese, but really goodCONS:Subtitles - sometimes you'll find that there are no subtitles for some audio lines, usually when your companions are chatting on the way, so it's nothing gamebreaking, but i'd just rather know what are they talking about .)Settings - while you can set gfx settings in game main menu, you have to restart the game otherwise some settings as light shafts on/off won't work (so it's better to set it up in settings window before the game starts)Controls - no mouse support (i never tried it, but that's what most negative reviews says)Display - it does not support 4k (1920 x 1080 max, 60 fps cap - i don't care about this, but i think it's good to mention it for anyone who cares)Overall: awesome story-driven monster hunting game, much better than it's predecessor."
76561198142171647,Recommended,551730,32177379,Posted: 4 June,all,Dave,"Nice game of the ""Monster Hunter"" genre. Various types of weapons, garment and mitamas. Kawai characters with big♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fine, maybe not that big.Warning: You need a controller to play this game. Sarcasm off! You will be ♥♥♥♥ed up when using key and mouse. Toukiden 2 is 0% compatible with mouse, though it is weirdly labelled as ""partial controller support"".Warning again: The achievements of Toukiden 2 are no easy to get. If you are one of those addicted to achievements unlocking (like me), then be prepared."
,Recommended,551730,30733798,Posted: 25 March,all,BubberDuck,"As a huge monster hunter fan, I have to say that the combat just does not feel as rewarding in compairison. I am reccomending the game though. Its a lot more fast paced and the armor skills are instead done through spirits that you collect and level up. Overall Its really fun, its just not the same feeling as monster hunter. I feel less in danger in this game and more epic/strong.Wooshing all over the map and doing crazy combos with spells and ai help does not give you the same adrenaline kick as monster hunter. Instead it feels like a really solid beat-em-up hack and slash. The enemies take about 3-5 minutes to kill so far which adds to that powerful feeling in compairison to the sloggingly long fights you can have in MH where every great sword charge attack counts and you feel mega invested (rewarding victories/frustrating 3x carts make for some high tension fights). I have yet to fight anything that poses any real threat, and I am halfway through the high rank missions  The story is a nice addition, especially given I didn't buy this game looking for one and find it interesting enough to care.Edit: One thing I forgot to add was how cool the open world idea is/works. I found that at first I was really lost, but after 20 or so minutes I really liked it. Finding side quests and items feels rewarding. I also REALLY dig the infinite boss fight dungeons. Its an amazing feeling to be able to simply grind bosses one after the other without having to set up a new mission each time.  Definately some qol changes to the formula that feels refreshing and smart!TLDR~ I guess my overall rating at this point would be about an 7.5/10 give or take half a point. It has reinvented enough to be somewhat refreshing, but lacks the scale and finesse of a monster hunter title"
76561198003287063,Recommended,551730,30657680,Posted: 21 March,all,Shameless,"Actually enjoying TK2 its better in alot of aspects of TK1, open world, Multiplayer is good can type lines of chat , probably one of my fav koei games so far besides Samurai warriors, great graphics , fun gameplay deffenatly a must buy if you like RPGs and Monster hunting type games"
76561198067557558,Recommended,551730,30753515,Posted: 26 March,all,Knight Owl,"Great game, dynamic fighting with a slew of different weapons with different play styles, the story is decent, co-op is fun and doesn't lag. The open world is huge but doesn't make traveling it a burden thanks to a small amount of fast travel stations and Sonic the Hedgehog level of running. 35 hours in and I have beat neither; single player, nor co-op. A lot of people compare this to monster hunter and I feel they are correct to do so. This game takes out tedious consumable item collecting/farming(you still farm for materials for armor and weapons) and focuses more on your character always being ready to jump in and fight the Oni whenever: no need to make sure your inventory is right, with traps, potions, ammunition if you're a gunner. One only needs to accept the quest or walk into the open world to fight the monsters.The largest con would be it doesn't work on some peoples' computers but I didn't encounter this problem. The graphics are also pretty sub-par. The devs never dubbed this game for english, so you better be ready to read subtitles. There are also a lot of mechanics that aren't explained very well and I had severe trouble finding decent resources online(the in-game encyclopedia is your friend). There is also no mouse support so you either use a gamepad or you struggle with the keyboard-only controls.Overall I definitely recommend this game."
76561197997123745,Recommended,551730,31767294,Posted: 15 May,all,Nephitis,"Having played Monster Hunter for thousands of hours at an end, and currently playing Monster Hunter Generations, I must say that Toukiden 2 is a nice addition to the genre. Now, I have yet to finish the storyline but there is a lot to do and I've been too focused on that. In other words, the game is that intrestesting enough if you give it a chance. So far I can tell that the story is really good when compared to let's say the new Zelda - Breath of the Wild game and of course all of the Monster Hunter games that truly really lack a proper story.Gameplay wise, the combat is really fun and there are quite a few weapons to try. They are suited for different things and there should be something that suits you there. You can go for slow but heavy hitting weapons with short and long reach. Faster but weaker weapons, and those with more emphasis on Area of Effect in the two categories. There is also bow and gun. You can also form your build around raw damage, critical damage and elemental damage.Mitama is a very nice addition to the combat with buffs and what not. Think of them as perks. You can have three of them at a time, one main and two secondaries. There are many Mitamas and they provide their own boost depending on in which of three slots you put them. There are many of them and equally many combinations for you to try. Combined with weapons and the companions you can build your character and your team in a way that you prefer.What about companions? There are quite a few of them with their very own personalities, weapon styles and Mitamas of their own. They add to the combat even more and provide an additional range of variety for how you can set up your team. Do you want them to provide long range support, 1 vs 1 support or AOE support? You can!As for voice acting, some people might be put off by there only being Japanese. However, I think it suits the characters well and I personally understand Japanese to a degree. It's a nice change compared to the many Zelda and Monster Hunter games where the characters don't speak any language at all to convey their emotions. Even if you do not understand Japanese you can read their emotions through the inflections and tone of their voices. And that is better than nothing at all. Of course, English might have been preferred but let's give it the benefit of the doubt.Technically the game is not very impressive but if you have played, let's say Monster Hunter 3 Ultimare on Wii U, you will understand that a game like this can still be exceptionally good despite the ""outdated"" graphics. I think Toukiden 2 is one of those games. It may be a rough diamond in that respect, but this game may turn out to be a bigger gem than you initially thought, should you ever give it a try. The game supports 1080p and 60 Hz.A fair warning though! You do need a hand controller of some kind if you wish to play this game."
,Recommended,551730,30864488,Posted: 31 March,all,zhew,"I bought this game in an effort to quell my need to hit things with a japanese sword, and I was surprised when I got that and way more. tl;dr, buy this game if you want a great 20 hour experience. Here's why:Characters - Unconventially, I'd like to start with the characters, because I feel that they are the greatest strength of this game, hands down. Complex designs make each character unique and their personalities are differentiated but not cliche. Furthermore, each one's backstory is developed throughout the main story campaign, which is a great feat due to the amount of characters. I'd say the number one way this game will stay with me is its characters.Gameplay - its a pretty normal hack and slash game, but the depth surprised me. With a ridiculous amount of weapons that each have their own skills, I think anyone can find a niche that's comfortable for them.Customization - This is one aspect where the game shines a lot. There's a ton of weapons and armor to choose from, but the main thing that creates ridiculous build diversity is the mitama, character cards that give special abilities to the character. Each one has 4 actives, 9 passives, a support skill, and an offense skill. And you can equip three. I think I've spent over an hour already picking my mitama for my build...Story - Maybe I'm just a sucker for anime writing, but I felt like the story fulfilled its most important role: driving the gameplay. Its interesting, maybe a bit predictable, but definitely rewarding and keeps you playing. And, as I mentioned before, it develops the characters and gives them significance within the world.All in all, 10/10 experience, this is the most pleasant surprise I've had in a long time."
76561198008053762,Recommended,551730,33038922,Posted: 30 June,all,Rocket Reptile,"I'd recommend this game ONLY if you are itching for more Monster Hunter and want something a little different. This game has its own style to make it different from Monster Hunter, but not in a meaningful way that would convince people that don't like Monster Hunter to enjoy this ""Hunting"" game. At the same time it lacks the polish that Monster Hunter has which makes MonHun better in almost every way. And when I say polish I mean that there are literally lines of dialog that are still in Japanese and have no subtitles. There's also a lot of issues with the crappy in-game voice chat.Basically if the game interests you and you haven't played Monster Hunter yet, get Monster Hunter. If you enjoyed Monster Hunter and want something similar, this game is for you."
,Recommended,551730,30661644,Posted: 21 March,all,seph.au,"Ignoring lousy KB/mouse support and lack of 2k/4k res, decent port which I'm enjoying more then #1. Fun to play and interesting story, something I always felt Monster Hunter lacked. Bring a gamepad and hit me up for co-op. ;D (970/3770k video below)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7p0LkStj44"
,Recommended,551730,30662216,Posted: 21 March,all,CTGooni,"I played the game with a controller and you should too (Fo' real tho, KB/mouse support is quite lacking)- Graphically pleasing to look at, although not all that fancy.- Open-world- Decent story, interesting plot.- Great cast of characters.- Has an affection system.- Combat can be either simple or complex depends on the weapon that you choose (There are quite a few of them).- Each weapon has there own unique movesets that will take quite some time to master.If you like the Monster Hunter / God Eater games, you'll love this.I rate this game Benizuki/10 (Please be my mom)"
,Recommended,551730,30687038,Posted: 23 March,all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"It's a simple game really.You get big weapons and wack big monsters. Small ones too if you fancy a twirl on those little blighters.The female characters have big eyes which is creepy, but being able to pull off giant monsters arms with a spooky ghost hand more than makes up for it.It also has really fancy artwork for the 'Mitamas' which are basically cards that give you different active/passive buffs and they're based on historical and fictional characters from Japanese history. Gotta catch em' all! I'm still trying to get Oda Nobunaga, but it's taking ages.The open world system is a huge improvement over the first game as well.My only real complaint is that most male characters in the game look camp/metrosexual as f**k, but that's anime for you. One reason I don't watch it. There's one cool geezer though with a beard who's mega hench which appears at some point in the game; hoping he's a party member.There's also a lack of M&K support so I hope you have your controller ready! Other than that, it works fine.There's a few crashes apprently, yet I'm to find them for myself. KOEI are patching some of them already though (wish they'd hurry and patch RotK 13 though).One of KOEI Tecmo's better games, I'll admit. Another good one is Nioh, but that's only on PS4.Also Akiyama from the Yakuza/Ryu ga Gotoku Playstation series voices a little robot man with a gun. Top marks for that alone.Not a proper review, but there's plenty of proper ones for it.Edit: Finished the main story. By god, it was corny. The dialogue I mean. The way people spoke, it was way too happy-happy. I still somewhat enjoyed it though."
76561198089133408,Recommended,551730,30807105,Posted: 28 March,all,Bles,"If you like Monster Hunter, then definitely you gonna love this :)"
,Recommended,551730,30944975,Posted: 4 April,all,Zibi,"All right so i have sank a lot of hours into this game and finished the game with my first character and i am most deffinedly going to make and other run, this review is going to be a lengthy one because i havent writen one to a game for few years because they didnt feel as they decerved one imo this is a single player review as i have not touched the multiplayer yet.TL;DR: this game is very well optimised to the minimum requirements, effects dont bloat performance to crazy degree and cause major FPS tanking, Graphics are not suppose to be impressive but they are beautiful in areas, Pad controls are OK but focused on Melee combat wich makes ranged combat suffer a bit, No mouse support but the game would not work with mouse thanks to button combos yes argument of ""more buttons on PC"" is valid but give it time, Story is pretty well writen and characters are not typical stereotypes althou some things are some what predictable, Areas are pretty big BUT not empty, combat is solid and dosent for somereason feel repedative even if some low tier trash demons are a bit soaky even with high end weapons. game is Purely Gear based Leveling wich unlocks as you greet monsters and gather their bodyparts, no generic RPG leveling system included. My play 1st Play thru was around 42 hours and that isnt even doing every side quest and task/aka the command senter hunt mission wich is kill monster X in X time or do a dungeon.So Pros-Well optimised-Control Sheme works-Graphics are pretty good even if not up to date with nowadays standards, this should never be a priority-Gameplay is AMAZING combat feel so good but is clearly focused on the Melee categorys. wich makes Ranged category suffer, exsample because X/A button is the go out of aim mode button wich is also the dodge button the pick up button etc-Dialoque and Cinematics are made with Main character in mind even if you sometimes vanish because they are Pre rendered-Well voice acted all thou main Lanquage is Japanese and only Subs can be changed-variety for skills to find the best combinations of Skills-Character Creation they allowe you to have a wide range of selections from Free color slider box to was it 82 hair styles and to change the pitch of your characters voice-Maps are Huge but not empty and enviromental effects dont effect gameplay performance-new armors unlock progressively and look very nice but is not a necessity to upgrade constantly-combat stays intresting and challenging as you progress, you will keep killing and beating down demons sometimes feeling as you are bullying them with your combos even bosses but the bosses remind you the fact that if you stop they will worst case scenario 1 shot you even 2 shot and add an ailment to youCons-Variety is pretty big but you still get your 3 collored same enemys for differend areas occasionally-Players made main character, even when the made the efford to give player freedom to give your character the voice you want he/she will never speak in cutscenes and only voices she is capable of is grunts... and skill names... i think i dont speak japanese-there is no collectable history for wich areas you have taken a collectable from to your map or for the chests you can get free gear from-Weapon variety is pretty big but.. lets be real the stats are what matter, for the early game you have weapons to pick from left and right but not even after completing the 3rd area of game you are given one of the OPes rifles(if you made a 1 or the 2 first rifle characters your soulnmate aka best friendship rank)to craft wich blows every single other weapon in the game to the depths of fodder pool(in terms of rifles), this rifle dealt over 300 more damage than anything and is acctually the weapon i used until last boss, even when i could only upgrade it on final area-Cutscenes are subtitles if you have subtitles enables(wich are on by default kudos to you devs) BUT on world roaming around comments from your party have no subtitles so i have no idea what they are talking about as a non JP speakerNitpicks-item pick up boxes are plased between the compas and the Evasion cooldown circle wich could fit 12 boxes but showing only 2 will take you ages to get these pick ups to pass so you see what all you get-Ammount of skills you can select is limited to 3 per i one the 3 equiped, yes its made for balancing reasons BUT it could have atleast to be set to 4 without breaking the balance because majority of spirits you can equip will have atleast 1 passive bonus, a hand full of your skill buffs for your active skills like, longer duration, more damage and 1 weapon specific bonus or sometimes bonuses-More Buttons to Ranged class to disable aim mode like L1/LT to disable aim mode since the Dodge button will be in the way more or less over the Purification buttonoveral this game i would personally give it a pretty solid 8/10 almost 9/10This is by far not a horrible game by any means but it demands some fine tuning and maybe even some improvements from the devs the cons and nitpicks are by far not a turn off from the game but something that will bother you a bit and sometimes even streight up kill/save you (imagine that... accidental dodging to enemy melee and I-Framing it saved me)i am not a native English speaker so any Typos are my bad and i will Fix em as i read it thru multiple times and maybe notice them after posting, crtitics are free to give constructive ctrisism why im wrong and what im forgettingmade 4/4/2017 will be progressively updated as i remember stuff to add"
76561198029317459,Recommended,551730,30657741,Posted: 21 March,all,Beast Tamer,"I just started playing but so far so good. It certainly is a better port than Toukiden Kiwami what with having a 60fps option.  One thing though, you absolutely need a controller to enjoy this game. You could play with a keyboard but just forget about it. It's really not ideal. Will update this review once i spen more time with the game."
,Recommended,551730,30659493,Posted: 21 March,all,JE | El Kilo Burrito,"An actually open world monster hunter game, looks good so far and runs well"
,Recommended,551730,30659326,Posted: 21 March,all,Shin Asuka,I suck at monster hunter but this game make me god!
,Recommended,551730,30677813,Posted: 22 March,all,Cimzes,"Toukiden 2 is a huge improvement from the first one and Kiwami. Not only in terms of the Port itself (aside from the lack of mouse support), but the new gameplay features and improvements are a real addition to the series.If you like action-hunting games like Monster Hunter, Freedom Wars or enjoyed the first Toukiden, buy this one. You won`t regret it! Great game, great fun!Runs at solid 60fps on my i5-4670k @3.2GHz / 8GB RAM / GTX 970 4GB"
76561198099692261,Recommended,551730,30660237,Posted: 21 March,all,LemonH,You will be blown away! Koei made a good port for once !
,Recommended,551730,30658025,Posted: 21 March,all,❥ Cheng Xiao ❣,"i haven't got into deep gameplay (i assume it would be the same with some additions) and story yet, i'll update it later, this is my opinion so far.this is what we will get in toukiden 2 that are better than the first one+better graphic, and by better i mean a lot+60 fps master race !!!!!+EXCELLENT PORT !!!!+better character customization, your slayer is now getting closer to be your dream waifu+2 new weapons-unfortunately, according to other players, the game has no mouse support <<<< this is the reason why this game got so many downvotes.Since I'v already got an Xbox controller and loved the first game, I 've found no problem so farFor those who are deciding to buy this game.-If you already got a controller and loved the first toukiden game, don't hesitate. You'll have eyegasm + feels coming in-If you already got a controller but haven't played a toukiden game, as a person who really loved the first one, i'd recommend you to get it. Keep it in mind that it isn't as hard and challenging as Monster Hunter games, and the monster hunting isn't as deep too (no tools and planning, you just go out and smack them monsters down with faster combat system). As a Monster Hunter player aswell, I'm not gonna say which one is better, both games have their own charms that make them different from each other. These 2 franchises are my babies, I'm in love with both.-If you got no controller, don't buy this game YET. Just get the cheapest controller you can find if you don't wanna invest the high-end ones. Believe me it's gonna be worth it.Unless you are not into monster hunting games or you are a die-hard Monster Hunter fanboy overflowing with hate to other monster hunting games."
,Recommended,551730,34033947,Posted: 5 August,all,Moogle,"Buckly Up ♥♥♥♥♥es! Cause its review time!Pre Review ContextToukiden 2 is a Monster Hunter Ish styled hack and slash ♥♥♥♥ em up type of game that focuses mainly on story. While the combat is very reminicent of MH, it does an amazing and great job from the origonal Toukiden in making this series feel itself.The Review ItselfToukiden 2 it a game. It's a very ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game at that. This is the first game in over a year which has managed to tear my interest away from FFXIV, Rainbow Six Siege. And other games i love with a passion. This game decided to come around, kick my in the crown jewls, throw those games in the dumpster, and give me the biggest hug it possibily could because trash doesnt deserve love. This game shoved its way onto my top 5 all times games right under FF12.The party Mechanic is an amazing thing because this game focuses heavily on the team asspect of slayers  Vs. Oni.I was able to beat the story (No detouring) in 17 hours. Which i am ok with. Monstly because this game is straight forward with unholy amounts of side content (And Mission dlc which are fun)I purchased the game at full price (59.55$ USD) because i wanted to show the devs i care. Being its KOEI TECHMO, a company who has made games i am very fond of. I just had to give this a try. And i regret nothing. I do not regret a single penny i spent on this game.ScoresStory 9/10 This is the first game of my adult hood (Im 19 so it hasnt been long) that made me shed quite a few tears due to the emotional bond i felt with the characters of this game. It really got the story and feel of the characters through.Gameplay 8/10 Think it Monster Hunter but feeeling slightly more fluid and smacky smackyGraphics 8/10 Its simple. Its good. Colors are great and textures are well made.Optimisation 10/10 I have not lagged once playing this game. But do keep in mind im using a GTX 960 4GB Overclocked. (Overkill i know) But with everything on max settings and the amount of particles i did not see a drop in my frames once. ever.Controls PC 1/10 <<< Cancer = Xbox One Pro 10/10 Controlls are perfect and well played for this type of gameMap: 9/10 Plenty of places i still havent explored even after MSQ!Overall i give it a solid 9Final ThoughtsThis game is great. If you ever liked Monster Hunter (Childhood favorite of mine) or just need a fun game you can play with friends. This is a great choice.This game has shown me some things i never thought about in a game.Some of the dialog in this game really made me reflect on how our world is.It made me bond with my Slayer. And my companions. A game that does this and makes me genuinly take people over how they are over their stats is a game i will play any day.DisclaimerThese opinions and review are all writen and made by me. I was i nno way influenced or asked to write these. These are my true Unbias feelings twords this videogame.Disagree?Do you disagree with this review? Maybe you just dont like it? Well hey down in the comments of this review let me know what you think or what i got wrong about it!"
76561198042913113,Recommended,551730,30768145,Posted: 27 March,all,caidicus,"I'm giving this game a recommended score, because I think it deserves to keep a decent rating on Steam.I didn't experience any gameplay issues or framerate issues, like a few others have noted, I did return the game, however.I'm leaving this review on here for anyone who might be similar to me, in that they might have a harder and harder time enjoying gaming, these days. I went into the game expecting something very visceral, like Monster Hunter. It's hard not to draw comparison, but that might be why I wasn't able to enjoy this game.I felt like my weapon strikes were unpredictable, and like there was no contact with the enemies. It's hard to describe just what I mean, but it felt less like I was striking enemies, and more like I was swinging my sword through condenced air.There's that, and what I find to be a very annoying item pickup system. I don't like having to hold the R2 button to enable weapon absorbtion mode, then pressing another button to collect the essense around me, revealing whatever item the monster dropped. I'd much prefer just running over the corpses of enemies, and grabbing what they have, or hitting a single button to pick things up.This issue was further compounded by some delay between finishing an attack and going into the pickup mode. You have to finish the animation, while holding the R2 (or RB, can't remember) then holding another button, all while standing over the corpse of an enemy, corpses which also disappear over time... or teammates pick them up for you... or something. I didn't feel sure, my whole time playing.Granted, this is after 30 minutes of play, but the whole thing felt floaty and uncomfortable to me, which is enough of a taint on my first impression to kill any joy that I have such a hard time feeling for a new game.All that being said, there are many people who adamantly love this game, and it's easy to see why they might do so. The game looks and runs great, and for those with the patience to learn its controls, for those who don't have a really hard time liking new games, this game is probably fantastic.Unfortunately, that kind of player is not me.I would recommend this game for younger gamers, people who like Monster Hunter esque games, and someone who's looking for a pretty polished experience.If you're like me, however, and you have a hard time finding a game that is ""just right"", you might also struggle to find that ""F@$% YEAH"" feeling with this game."
,Recommended,551730,31919210,Posted: 23 May,all,Ai,"-Toukiden 2 is my first hunting game and I've never play any previous installment of Toukiden series before but I'm loving this game so far.-Great gameplay , Amazing fighting mechanic , AI are great and not useless.-Very good and very interesting weapon and skill(mitama) systems. (you can easily change your class and playstyle)-I loved the Mitama biography, it's very interesting,Most are the important historical or fictional figure in history,moslty japanese.-Some materials which are use for crafting and upgrading your armor and weapon requires a lot of farming.(but it worth it)-Story is a bit short for me but it's good and i liked it.-Very good character design and voice acting ,I loved it.-Atmosphere and environment are beautiful , very good music.-Most enemy are fun and challenging to fight.-I only crashed once from 150hr of gameplay and no glitch issues.-Excellent port.-Controller is must-have to play.(playing with M&K is a frustration)-60 FPS."
,Recommended,551730,30786314,Posted: 27 March,all,Sneezymr Milo,"Fantastic game, if you are looking for a good PC game that has some Monster Hunter esque combat, well writen story and memorable characters then this game is worth looking into. The only gripe that I really have about the game is that the ""Online"" seems that it was pretty much dead on release and I am unable to consistantly get into games with other players, not a big deal if you have other friends to play with but if you are playing alone, like me, it's hard to get into random players lobbys as it doesn't seem like many people are hosting them.Rating 8/10"
,Recommended,551730,33400520,Posted: 9 July,all,Amfiira,"Well, i love it, the way you can hunt down some Onis, how you can customize your fightingstyles and the story. The controls for computer ist a little bit complicated so i would recommend a controller but its just about how much you play on it. I didn't played this game so much now, but i like the look of the armors and weapons. I would recommend it to everyone who likes Monster Hunter and God Eater- 2 Rgae Burst/ Resurrection.Don't blame me for my bad english, i'm german but i hate to write in german."
76561197966468167,Recommended,551730,31185519,Posted: 16 April,all,Zerg Renegade,"What the monster hunter series really needs: an Open world, and an actual good story.What the Toukiden series really needs: Monster Hunter combat mechanics."
,Recommended,551730,30844637,Posted: 30 March,all,Raymond,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAspectsRatingNoteDifficulty★★★☆☆By default, the difficulty of this game is not hard. You can use the same technique to beat this game, that's why some people called it 'repetitive'. There are feature to change the difficulty into hard mode, it will be unlocked once you have finished the main storyGameplay★★★★☆Got a big improvement from the first version. You will use demon hand a lot, the new feature in this game. With demon hand you can jump from tree to tree, jumping to an uphill, jumping to the monster, drag the monster, unleashing ultimate skill even throwing something. The next improvement is the open world, the world is pretty huge with different concept of area. Forest, cave, desert, snowy plains, ruins filled with a lot of monsters that fits with the enviroment concept. In this game, there are a lot of treasures, crest, and side quest to be explored, keeping players not to be bored with the repetitive action. A lot of weapon, armor, mitama, buff, skill, combat style can be found in this game. Also, the monsters has a lot of unique and cool skills. It's a monster hunter, so you can grind if you want to collect a lot of weapons available in the game. But you don't have to. The last feature is online feature, you can play with other players to finish missions with them. You can chat, voice chat, and use emoticon. It's really important, you needcontrollerto play this game.Graphic★★★★☆Visually awesome, but please do not try to compare another game from another developer. Every game has its own uniqueness. And this one, was the best from KOEI. Trust me, toukiden 2 is different with Toukiden Kiwami or another installment in PC gaming, considering the graphic. Solid texture, color, no FPS drop. The terrain, effect, particle, and everything about the graphic was enhanced. It feels like a new fresh game, not an outdated one. They offers graphic setting in this game, in case you don't meet the minimum GPU requirements.Secret★★★★☆In every area, you will find different monsters, treasures, crest, side quest, mitama, tenko, andsome stuff to do. The map has navigation for quest and treasures, but not with the mitama, crest, tenko, you need to explore the game a little bit more.Sound★★★★☆Lots of character voices and BGM will uplift you while hunting monstersStory★★★★☆Enjoyable, and not too short. You can enjoy many cutscenes, In my opinion, it's cool"
76561198081358277,Recommended,551730,30670195,Posted: 22 March,all,Guts,"I'm going to start by letting you all know that i am a HUGE monster hunter fan, i've probably put over 500+ hours on the MH games. Now since i live in Canada i have no access to the online version, i tried monster hunter 4 but its just not the sam e when playing in a small♥♥♥♥♥screen, i loved MHTRI alot and oplaying it on the big screen! Ever since then i`ve been on a quest of finding an alternative. When God Eater came out i was amped, even though the graphics was WAAAAY too `cartoony`for my liking, i tried to endure it... but when i found out that the game was region locked.. totally turned me off.. empty lobbies, have to go to different group chats to find people to play with and so on.. it was such a hassle.. so i gave up on it, i tried KIWAMI but by the time i started playing it was dead. Now, when toukiden 2 came out i bought it since it was onsale and wasn`t 80$ like every other game right now that just came out, so i tried it out. I`m going to be honest with you guys, i skipped the open world and tried to breeze through it, just till the multiplayer part anyways, ( im a hunter) i dont care about free roam, im searching for a solid drop in-drop out type of lobby style where you go get the quest and hunt! TBH with all of you the graphic style of the game was something youll really get used too after trhe training, its a mixture of MH and GE tbh honest with you (art style). I was amazed when i first saw the crafting system of this game, it gives the monster hunter feeling. Everytime i beat a new boss or type of animal a new set of armor pops up.. which is pretty cool, the HUGE thing i liked about MH is how you get to make armor out of the monsters you kill almost as if your showing off what you slayed but wearing their scales! Found its the same here in toukiden! I was skeptic about the whole Demon-Like types of monsters because in God-Eater their monsters were just.. too anime for me i guessÉ I was down for the whole dinosaur-monster like monsters that MH gives you. A few battles here and there and each new boss i see i end up loving! They transform into another form, and if anything they get harder than the monsters in monster hunter... i feel as if the monsters stay hard and challenging but at the same time the way they made it so you can heal yourself and use other awesome skills made the game a little easier, (a little). The game is still very challenging.. we did this exploration at tier 2 which had like 5 bossess in the dungeon which was really some sword art online feeling when your in that multi level boss dungeon,also you encounter this type of dungeon really earlier in the multi.. now i dont review alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥but this game is WORTH reviewing, the gameplay is so fricking smooth, the multiplayer is just top of the notch monster slying.. the demons are crazy.. they all turn into something crazier and playing this online is just... wow.. dont even get me started with the weapon crafting.. right off the bat you unlock like 30 difeernt types of weapons per weapon category (might bo overexatterated) but i didnt like a few monster hunter qwuests and ended up having a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of new weapon types to unlock.. also also also also THE ELEMENTAL FRICKING WEAPONS AND ARMORS ate you can unlock.. just.. wow.. and you know what.. this is only the beginning for me.. still cant wait to see whats in store... :) See you all in the game and i hope this sheds a fight light on your guys doubts abou tthis game.. this is THE BEST ALTERNATIVE FOR MONSTER HUNTER FANS! Join now..! The lobbies easy drop in and drop out.. join in anytime :) With built in mic as well! See you all in here guys, add me up! And most of all HAPPY HUNTING!"
76561198036263187,Recommended,551730,30660084,Posted: 21 March,all,Noyes Laboratory,"Good port, runs better than the first game.Controls are easy even without mouse +kb, but I personally prefer to use controller.It's an awesome hunting game, and the open world actually adds to the immersion without taking away anything.The actiony yet precise gameplay is fun and rewarding, and your AI companions are interesting and useful.10/10 if you like hunting games, action rpgs, anime style asethetics etc."
76561198183882322,Recommended,551730,30684441,Posted: 23 March,all,Shadtistic,"Toukiden 2. How should I say this?It is such a great improvement from Kiwami. Seriously.Considering how bad that port was, this was so much better. I barely had any crashes, and lag just wasn't there. The funny thing is, all those bad reviews when the game first came out was from no mouse and keyboard support. Just buy a controller and play this game if you're a Monster Hunter fan, it's a great substitute for PC. But if you want a Pros and Cons list, here you go.PROS:-Graphically pleasing, not the best, but it's still cool.-Decent story, though a little rushed at times (But that's just me nitpicking)-A lot of armor sets and weapons (They even added about two more weapon types, sword & shield and chain & whip)-Characters can be pretty amusing at times, it doesn't feel like they're just robots saying the lines because they were ordered to.-Voice acting is great too.-Gameplay is great.-Game isn't too difficult, or too easy.-Grammar mistakes at times, but this always gives me a laugh so I'll put it here, in PROs. (This is also me nitpicking)-Has multiplayer. (Though if you want to play with less than four friends, you'd have to take NPCs with you. But that's it.)CONS:-The Multiplayer has a built in mic, which I honestly don't want to use. So far I'm not sure if there's a way to turn off the mic.-No Keyboard+Mouse support, but honestly, this isn't such a big problem. You can easily just configure your keyboard to your liking, or just buy a controller, which I highly suggest you do.In conclusion, Toukiden 2 is a great game. Buy it. If you don't think it's worth the price, wait for some sort of a sale. Then buy it."
,Recommended,551730,32878865,Posted: 27 June,all,Con Cu,"The game is very decent, a replacement to Monster Hunter on PC. While the core of the game is similiar to MonHunt in many ways, it's still has it fair share of uniqueness, such as the open-world and the Arial combat. The game, unlike MonHunt is more story-focused, giving the player a fair share of interesting and lovable characters (waifus) and allows you to increase bonds with them, in a way similiar to the God Eater Series.Compare to the MonHunt clone of it's previous installment, Toukiden Kiwami, the 2nd in the series is a huge change, developing it's own style that define itself as a unique JRPG hunting genre. Such key feature is the Mitama system, especially in the 2nd game, which allows player to develops their own style and improve on their gears, to me, this is the best part of the game, there are no meta build, just unique ones, which is a boost to the multiplayer experience.While the game is rather short and not at all that difficult compare to MonHunt, it is a very well-made game, and i'd hope to see an upcoming expansion to the story and adding new characters (waifus).To sum up, i see a bright future to the series if they manage to keeps up with they designs and add some more contents into the game.A perfect game to play to get the feels of MonHunt on PC before the release of Monster Hunter World.Would totally recommends this game for some of that weeboos sensation."
76561198294383573,Recommended,551730,30771643,Posted: 27 March,all,icecoffemix,"Game is good but with caveats of questionable port.- High CPU usage, the game constantly taxes your CPU regardless of what you're doing in-game (even when you're idle!). It's probably not a good idea to play this if your PC isn't well cooled.- No resolution support above 1080p. The game looks really bad stretched from 1080p to 4K TV on my setup, the scaling looks like it uses nearest neighbor or something. I tried the PS4 version and it looks far better crazily enough, I had to choose between jag-free 30 FPS or eye-stabbing jaggies at 60 FPS.... :(- Odd graphical and animation bugs here and there, no dealbreaker but I noticed some odd animations on some NPCs compared to the PS4 version (watch the eyes of the female slayer you meet right after the Watcher's Outpost, if you think she looks creepy, that's because her blinking animation is bugged.)- No, Dual Shock layout support, this is also no dealbreaker but pretty annoying if you're using DS to play on PC.I've completed this game on console but I'd really love to play again on higher FPS, so please KT, don't sit out on this, show the community that you actually care if you want them care back."
76561198135702357,Recommended,551730,30678330,Posted: 22 March,all,Cenosys,"For those who are new to toukiden : its basically monster hunter but you fight demon instead; if u ask what monster hunter, err its hack and slash game where you co-op to destroy your gigantic monster body parts.changes in toukiden 2 from the 1st :you can zoom out ( much like bird view than 3rd person view)added 2 weapon (shield & sword & blade whip)katana now have new procedure to enter hyper gougeknife you can air dash nowbow have backflip during aim moderifle you can reload after shooting or rapid reloadnew mitama lvling system and skillsunity attack changed to demon hand, which actually destroy the part and wont regrow at all (you can actually make a demon limp with no feet now.)if you explore map without taking mission it will be an open world ( much like MMO, with random skirmish mission)Afterwords, I dont think you guys need a review. you would love it, just spend the money ""it's worth it""!"
,Recommended,551730,30699692,Posted: 23 March,all,An Actual Bear,"A vast improvement over the first Toukiden which was a nightmare to run on PC. A surprisingly stellar port that hasn't crashed or bugged out on me yet.All that aside, Toukiden 2 feels a little less like Monster Hunter now and more like Dragon's Dogma. What I mean is no more hopping from zone to zone in small maps and not everything is a hunting mission. The world is open for you to explore and it's packed with things to do in it. It's not uncommon to discover huge oni and help out other slayers on the field on your way to a quest. I don't find myself grinding the same missions over and over to get materials. They even made the story in this one a lot more interesting.All in all, if you like the first Toukiden or if you're a fan of Monster Hunter or even Dragon's Dogma then you should definitely give this a shot.Oh and you'll need a controller. Damn near every controller released since the Xbox 360 works on PC so there's really no excuse not to have one."
,Recommended,551730,30660258,Posted: 21 March,all,Highscore Hot Sauce!,Closet thing to MH on PC right now!
,Recommended,551730,34134327,Posted: 9 August,all,⎛⎝Serrassi Effect⎠⎞,It's like Monster Hunter and Dynasty warrior had a baby and the result is this crazy ADHD experience of murdering everything in sight.
,Not Recommended,551730,30705812,Posted: 24 March,all,Grythm,"TL;DR:  Great gameplay and really cool gear and skill customization, but the game is bogged down by some glaring technical / interface issues.  Get it on console if you can, as many of the issues are largely PC specific (practically unusable voicechat, no mouse support, not-great controller support, hackers, poor text chat.)  Get it on PC only if the game is really appealing to you and you have no other way to play it.  And if you've played Kiwami, you may want to skip this, because it's $60 for what is basically a reskin of Kiwami with a few new weapons and abilities (and a bunch of Kiwami's stuff actually taken AWAY, for that matter.)PROS:-Fun, straightforward hack-and-slash gameplay.  A little grindy in places, but ultimately I had a lot of fun trying out all the different weapons and combinations.-No shortage of gear customization options, but nothing insanely complicated either.  Crafting new armor is satisfying and the armor is visually appealing.-Solid story.  Nothing groundbreaking, but it kept me interested.  Did take a little while to GET interesting, though.-Straightforward, relaxing, multiplayer co-op.  The game's gear system and the technical aspects of some weapons are attractive to serious players, but the multiplayer is still playable for casual players.  It's been great fun and a very non-toxic multiplayer experience, which is a pleasant break from other games I've been playing lately.CONS:-Voicechat has virtually no options--good luck if you want to use anything other than your default device.  EDIT:  A recent patch has allowed it so you can at least toggle voicechat on and off before starting the game (not even in-game.)  We're still missing basic stuff like push-to-talk, volume control, muting, etc.-Character chatter is not translated.  There is no English voiceover, so that means if you don't speak Japanese, you're going to miss the idle chatter between your party members, all the stuff your Mitama say during and after fights, etc.-Can't customize controller inputs.  This is a problem because the existing control scheme is not great for some weapons.-In-game chat exists in multiplayer, but for whatever rediculous reason you are restricted to chatting a few words at a time.  So if you want to string together a sentence or two you'll have to break it apart into several entries--it's like trying to write a book on twitter.-Server interface is, again, restricted to just a few characters for the title and such.  There's really no reason for this--can your modern 2017 game not handle the servers being a few letters longer?-Lots of cheaters in multiplayer, just to warn you.  It's cooperative, so that might not bother some of you, but the game lacks even the most basic of protection against cheaters.  Let's leave it at that.-NO MOUSE SUPPORT.  This is honestly bad enough with normal weapons, but with weapons like the rifle requiring you to aim, this basically means you'd better be on pad.  If you don't have a pad for your PC, don't buy this game.-No way to kick players in multiplayer.  There aren't a lot of reasons to kick people, but there are still little kids running around named ""Adolf Hitler"" and trolling your chat, and it would damned sure be nice to kick them.I honestly struggled with whether to go with ""no"" or ""yes.""  There is an amazing game here if you're able to get past the technical issues, but they're so basic, numerous, and ultimately inexcusable that it's hard to recommend the game.  My best advice is that you read through the technical issues and see if any of them will affect you, and if none of them do, then go for it.Or you can just get butthurt that I gave the game you like a red thumb and mark this review as unhelpful, y'know.  Whatever feeds your Tenku."
,Recommended,551730,30662500,Posted: 21 March,all,vault2049,"First of all, this is great port considering the record with Tecmo Koei ports, but it doesn't have proper mouse and keyboard support. Then there is the limitation to going up to only 1080p on the graphics department. Other than this, the game performs flawlessly, giving you the option of locking it to 30 or 60 fps. There are few graphics options, but these are sufficient. A huge step forward from Toukiden Kiwami but, considering this is an straight PS4 port (Toukiden Kiwami origins go back to the PSP-Vita and then a PS4 HD port) this was to be expected. Let's hope that future KT ports are as decent as this one.Toukiden 2 is also a much, much better game than the original Toukiden or Kiwami. These are monster hunter-esque games but with a Japanese-fantastical setting to it. The graphics have been improved, 2 new weapons have been added, the story is told in a more immersive way, The world is huge and it is open with just some instancing when doing specific missions and in Co-op mode, but with no transitions between areas at all. I have only played for 4 hours and the game actually feels amazingly well done and immersive. They improved a lot of things, it actually feels like a start of a new franchise.I would have recommended this game exclusively on a sale but, after playing a bit, not anymore! This game deserves to be bought at full price. From the looks of it and by having played previous Toukiden games, I can assure that it will have lots of content on both single player and multiplayer modes. I honestly was thinking of refunding it like I should have done with Kiwami. Tecmo Koei has really made an effort with this one, and it shows."
76561198093696020,Recommended,551730,30669342,Posted: 22 March,all,CASP3R,its a toukiden that runs on PC. totally worth it
,Recommended,551730,30659565,Posted: 21 March,all,bkwrm,"Extremely good game, just remember a few things:A.  It's a hunting game.  And all this implies (seeing same enemies a lot, using body parts to craft gear, and so on).  If you enjoyed God Eater you will probably like it.B.  Use a controller.  Extremely minimal mouse support, more importantly this type of game feels 10x better with a controller.  Sounds like you need to download the ps4 drivers yourself if you have a DS4 fyi.C.  If you want the game to be harder, don't bring AI companions.  They are insanely good, can rez you, don't die themselves, and can kill most things without your help.  Just bring your waifu/husbando if you must.  Makes farming random parts a lot easier with a full party honestly.D.  All the dialogue is in Japanese.  I consider this a plus mostly, but it is a bit off putting when you never know what their random comments in the game world mean.  So far the translation has been pretty good though.E.  Max is 60 fps with 1080p resolution.  No freaking idea when this became a ""letdown"".So far I'm loving it.  Action is pretty fun, there's a ton of combat systems in place and I haven't tried most of the weapons yet.  Haven't gotten bored with my Weighted Sickle at all.  I've had no issues whatsoever when playing, maybe a tiny bit of slowdown during one fight that had tons of adds as well as my summons and a full team.  Otherwise runs flawless.  Haven't tried multiplayer yet, so can't comment on that.Was worth every penny."
,Recommended,551730,30685792,Posted: 23 March,all,bheps.goodpoint,"Toukiden 2 a monster-slaying action RPG set in an open-world, fantasy medieval Japan.Pros:- A huge selection of weapon types and equipment sets, enabling a wide range of play styles, including melee combat with swords, spears, clubs, etc or ranged combat with bows and guns.- Beautifully designed characters with Japanese voiceovers.- Fast paced combat, both in ground or air with the new Demon Hand against various Japanese monsters.- A huge open world with many different vibes to each setting.- Performance-wise, very smooth.Cons:- Character models look lifeless, no mouth animation.- World models look outdated.- Story is somewhat weak compared to other JRPGs."
,Recommended,551730,30758266,Posted: 26 March,all,Amaiera,"A great game. It is a little bit confusing at the start, but once I found out I should first do the story and not just dive into the multiplayer part of the game, it got a lot easier and comfortable.The story is good, I have a little bit to complain here and there, but overall I really enjoyed the journey.Great cast of characters, very diverse and unique.Gameplay is well made and mostly explains itself.The game runs smoothly, no lags whatsoever. It sometimes chrashed on me, but I never lost more than 1 or 2 minutes.I don't regret investing the full price there.Alright, got to slay some more oni! See you on the battlefield."
76561198118454799,Recommended,551730,31123793,Posted: 13 April,all,Kindon,"This game is great, lots of enemy types, a high speed action combat system, plenty of armor and weapon varieties with different looks. The later part of the game is mainly reskins but there is still enough selection before that, that its not a big deal. I recommend this game highly though I do have to say, the companion ai in this game can be absolutely infuriating if your playing a melee style (all but 2 weapons) they have a lovely tendancy to pull themselves in front of you and block your attacks because this game allows you to hit your allies (for gameplay reasons). You might be thinking well you can just move around them, but being given a short duration set of buffs to increase your combat ability means you've wasted 1/3rd of it moving the first time only for the ai to again pull themselves in front of your attacks pushing you back and blocking you from connecting with the enemy. This is done even by the ranged class npcs though they usually move out of the way after a bit (why they even need to close the gap idk). Aside from that very few issues though i do wish my biggest enemy wasn't my allies."
,Recommended,551730,30676618,Posted: 22 March,all,Hellstorm901,"A vast improvement over the game that I recall watching TotalBiscuit criticise. The developers have learned from the mistake of the past and not only fixed all of the issues but seem to have done their own thing to set the game out from Monster Hunter.I can say this is probably the closest we have to Monster Hunter of PC but unlike that game this one opts for a more open world over the mission arenas we had seen in Monster Hunter and God Eater.The game has received some flak due to initial misinformation and the apparant lack of mouse support for the game but if you can forgive the lack of mouse functionality, or you use a controller (Like you really should do for any Action RPG to be honest) then you will have a very good time here."
76561197999203669,Recommended,551730,30670721,Posted: 22 March,all,ZXGenesis,"It runs flawlessly at 60FPS with a max resolution of 1080p, I used a controller and it works very well. There is no mouse support though, most of the negative feedback are just for that.+Online coop+Solid graphics for port+60 FPS+Works well with controller-No mouse supportOnline coop note:Online coop however is still steam download region locked same as Toukiden Kiwami, go to steam settings -> download region and change to see mission lobbies that are near your selected region."
,Recommended,551730,30764747,Posted: 26 March,all,Kappa Omicron,"This is a fantastic action adventure RPG in an open-world torn apart by demons known as ""Oni"".You get to create your own character with a surprising amount of customisation and choose from many different weapons that each offer their own unique combat ability.The story is very interesting with many memorable characters you get to team up with and befriend. The story and adventuring is single player, but you can go on demon hunting missions with up to three other players and take on some new multiplayer challenges together in defeating Oni and receiving needed materials and Haku (game currency) as rewards.This game is a lot of fun and the port is top-notch, I have had constant 60FPS without any noticable stuttering. As of writing this review, the game doesn't seem to like the Steam overlay and constantly minimises whenever I click into it.My only gripe with the game is that sometimes the characters and companions you're traveling with will say something, and I believe it's usually simple chit-chat amongst themselves, and sometimes perhaps giving you some extra information on some surrounding areas or about themselves, but you have no idea what they're saying unless you can understand Japanese.Overall though, this game is a lot of fun, definitely recommend it! Facing against giant Oni and working together with other slayers and chopping off their limbs is a lot of fun."
76561198006276949,Recommended,551730,30658141,Posted: 21 March,all,Devil,"My first Toukiden series on PC. Played the previous on PS4 and PS Vita. Love the series. Heard about the bad port for the previous entry. But this one definitely is a step up. Options to set 30 / 60fps. Not alot of other settings to set except for low med or high for a couple of different effects texture and etc. Which is kinda expected for most console ports for PC. Most importantly it is very well optimized as far as I can tell. Run almost 60fps lock the entire time.This entry while it retains some of the core mechanic from previous, quite a number of things have been tweaked. Felt awkward at first mainly due to the impression from the previous series. But very quickly able to get into it. In fact the enimations looks and feel more natural than the previous. Besides weapons, a lot of other new things have been added. More abilities to play around with now which leads to more customization. Which is awesome.This one feels really fresh when it comes to monster hunting genre. Rather than just doing generic counter accept quest then depart and hunt. It now works a little differently. In the previous entry, certain part of the counter quest will link to your main story line while some are optionals. Now as far as I have seen so far, it seems like they are no longer that case. Counter quest are still there for you to take, but it do not seems to tie directly to the main story line. You actually have the choice to also go on open world exploration. Yes I mean fully open world unlike previous entry or most other monter hunter games where the maps are divided into zones. During open world exploration, you can go material hunting, and along the way you may hit up to some NPCs that asking for help which are sorta side quest. They are completely optional, so you can shoose to do or not to. On top of that while doing open world exploration, you may also run into other slayers fighting Oni. And you can join up with them  as a joint operation and fight along their side. Upon clearing they will actually join you for a short while to help you back. That is a really nice touch. Also the relationship among NPCs seems to have a change in approach. Unlike previously mostly you try to increase your relationship by going to SPA (hot bath), now it seems like they are doing a mass efffect style where how you pick your dialogs can directly affect your relationship with each individual. Also helping them with task can also further build relationship.This is not actually a full review but rather an early impression of the game. So far it has been really positive. A great departure from the previous entry while keeping quite a bit of good stuffs that what makes this game fun in the first place.Do take note that it is recommended that you have a gamepad before you purchase this game. It is not only highly recommended but essential for a game like this. The controls on the first 2 entries are already pretty complex on keyboard. Thou I have not played the earlier ones on PC since I did them on PS4 and Vita, But I can imagine how hard will it be to play on keyboard. Don't expect an easier control this time around. Because on top of all the previous stuffs, there are even more new controls in this game. You can ignore most of the negative reviews in the comment section. I can only say they are mostly idiots. You can't expect a game with complex controls to work well with keyboard in the first place. This is not a FPS/TPS. And neither it plays like monster hunter which is pretty slow. This is a fast pace and extremely action based monster hunting game. With a lot of abilities unlike in monster hunter series. So to those complaining about keyboard control, use your initiative. Obviously it is not going to work even if they are going to have keyboard control. Not evey thing works with keyboard. This is why gamepad exist. Its like complaining you cant have precise acceleration and steering in a driving game because you are playing on keyboard instead of a racing wheel / gamepad. That is just idiotic."
,Recommended,551730,30694671,Posted: 23 March,all,lanrutcon,Monster Hunter at 60 fps on your PC? yes please. Exactly what it says on the box.
76561198054351128,Recommended,551730,31925486,Posted: 23 May,all,Starscream,"The game is a bit pricy compared to the first one -and unjustly so-. However, it does something I haven't seen since years : it improves the original. Most sequel are basically more of the same. Toukiden 2 rekted pretty much every problem I found to the first one.-Too much loading time and small environnment => Big open world.-No control over the camera in the village => Can move the camera freely anytime.-Secondary mitama being a lot less important than the main one => They now have a special ability each.-Need to lvl up a mitama to the max to change the boosts => You can change them anytime, nearly anywhere.-No jumping => ...Still no jumping, but a hook instead, to follow flying onis and jump gaps.-Oni running everywhere => You can stop them in their charge with the hook.But sadly, it also adds one new problem : Recycling comes with DLCs. What I mean is, instead of putting EVERY content from Toukiden Kiwami, then adding their own, they take half of the content, add another half, then proposes you as DLC the onis and weapons from Kiwami...If you liked Kiwami, this one is even better, though shorter. If it had all the DLC baseline, I would litteraly recommend it to all, but it's such a waste. Because of how much content went into the DLC, I can't recommend it blindly. If you are into trying a lot of builds, experimenting, exploring and fighting giant thingy, you can give it a go, otherwise, I would suggest to try something else. Maybe Toukiden Kiwami, wich is way more affordable and has a comparable content."
76561198069055404,Recommended,551730,30662874,Posted: 21 March,all,Jaragnaros,"I'm absolutely loving this game, I'm writing this review early on in play time but so far no bugs, glitches or issues, the game runs smoothly. The story so far has been very interesting and entertaining and the open world element makes this so much fun, it's surpassed Kiwami that's for sure. Allowing us to visit the blacksmith and shops in multiplayer is a very welcomed improvement aswell, you no longer need to disband the group, improve your weapons and then reinvite/find a new game.As far as monster hunters go this is top notch, I give it 10/10."
,Recommended,551730,30671911,Posted: 22 March,all,Flx,great port works fine core i5 7500 rx 480
76561198014700538,Recommended,551730,30667526,Posted: 22 March,all,Jessixia,"Edit: Initially had alot of controller issues on this, like alot of people had been reporting. 3 Controllers not being recognised by the game. Tried countless things, not 100% sure what the reason for it finally working was though.Game is quite fun and has a monster hunter feel about it, worth it when you can get it playing nice :)"
,Recommended,551730,30682686,Posted: 23 March,all,ペパロニNIPS,Ran up a giant spider and the spider stomped me out immediately. 8/10
76561198034389474,Recommended,551730,30693816,Posted: 23 March,all,dustingagnon,"Really enjoyed the open world style they went with this time around.  Also the story was much better than kiwami.  Everything else was what i was expecting though it would be nice if there were options for other resolutions so i don't have to play this on my 2nd monitor.  Wish the difficulty was higher during story but as i just got too high rank, i'm pleased to be getting 2 shotted, though i wonder if better gear will make it too easy again."
76561198110328832,Recommended,551730,30822327,Posted: 29 March,all,[K]n0x,"must play game, good graphic, good stroy line, it just like monster hunter"
,Recommended,551730,30674773,Posted: 22 March,all,Matt Polak,"Good port of the gameruns at 60 fpstons of weapons and armorstons of different enemiesOverall fun gameOnly con for some people might be that you will need a controller for the game, wasn't an issue for me."
,Recommended,551730,30673915,Posted: 22 March,all,Dupper,"I see a lot of negative reviews for thus game in regards to the lack of keyboard and mouse support. What is this 2008? Controllers work on PC now and just as well as on consoles.Anyway. The only bad things I can say about this game so far is that it does feel like a last generation game as far as the graphics, dialog and interface is concerned. Also, I felt like it took to long to get to the point where you can play online with friends after spamming the next button through all the text based dialog. There is way to much mandatory dialog in the beginning of this game.Other than that, this game does seem like a Monster Hunter - like game that is either on par with MH or has ever so slightly surpassed it.The fact that it is on the PC, on Steam, in English and has online multiplayer makes it the best Monster Hunting game in my opinion.The combat is fluid and feels good. The monsters are interesting. There is a good amount of weapons.All in all I do feel like the game should be about $15 to $20 cheeper for looking and feeling like a last generation game."
,Recommended,551730,30785938,Posted: 27 March,all,Mirelurker,"Having just finished Toukiden: Kiwami a few days before release, and now having completed all but the 'Epilogue' chapter, I can assuredly say that if you like these types of games, this is a good one to pick up.ProsOpen WorldNew Weapons compared to Kiwami; the Sword and Shield, and the Chain WhipImproved GraphicsImproved Story (Though not by much tbh)New Monsters (The design of a lot of them are fairly neat too)FULL DESTRUCTIONConsNo Mouse Support (Though really I don't use K&M for these kinds of games, and it'd be hard to make a mouse work for this particular game anyways imo)Stutters on occassion, even at 60FPSSometimes the audio crackles.Story is still rather lackluster, and predictableThis may be a personal thing, but sometimes my Demon Hand will activate even though I'm not pressing the button?NeitherTrying to track and follow your tasks requires manual waypoint placement, and at the end two chapters, you can't even see where it wants you to go on the map, so you have to use prior knowledge of the maps to know where you're going. This could be seen as a difficulty setup but honestly its artificial at best, tedious at most.Seriously the story is only likeInchesbetter then Toukiden: Kiwami, and the tasks tend to be pretty cliche'd too, though thankfully not as grindy as ""Deliver 100 Dungs""In all, I think its well worth a pickup, but if you're really not sure I'd wait for the next sale. If you're looking for a PC MonHun experience, this should hold you over until that F2P Dauntless comes out, or if you're like me and want something a little /less/ MonHun-ery, this is exactly what I like, and I definitely recommend getting your hands on it."
,Recommended,551730,30782529,Posted: 27 March,all,neil philipino,"A hunter game? That runs well? That has cool monster design, and cool weapon mechanics?ON PC??!!!This is too good to be true!8/10"
,Recommended,551730,30676231,Posted: 22 March,all,XX.,"Just buy the controller , everything done :)"
,Recommended,551730,30685562,Posted: 23 March,all,TheBowWowers,A hell of alot better than Toukiden 1.Open world is an interesting mix to the usual.Plenty of quality of life improvements.Can go up to 60fps.Pretty great so far
,Recommended,551730,30685566,Posted: 23 March,all,Dolce,"For Monster Hunter fans, I'd recommend Toukiden 2 if you'd like something with faster-paced combat and more story/character focus. Just make sure you have a controller."
,Recommended,551730,30685932,Posted: 23 March,all,dainsleif,"vast improvements over the previous toukiden and toukiden: kiwami , with open world being a new addition , i must say that it is a great addition , leading the world to feel alot more connected. great game so far!"
,Recommended,551730,31106885,Posted: 12 April,all,UFGT,"Good game. Controls and combat is tight. New open world single player sets it apart from other Monster Hunter Clones. Less RNG on getting materials drops from kills so it's not too bad of a grind. Story is lolanime, but that's okay since you're probably thinking about this game because you already like anime. Player base isn't huge for online play, but there's usually a couple rooms open at any given time. Chat interface is awful for a PC game (since this is a port of the PS4 version). Devs have been pretty quick to fix the major issues identified at launch (online chat not working as intended, online lobby system didn't work properly on launch across versions and regions, etc). Overall, 7.5/10. Doesn't have the polish of Monster Hunter, or other PS4/PC titles, but it gets the job done. I think developing for VITA probably held back the potential of this title. DLC looks reasonably priced as well."
,Recommended,551730,31188949,Posted: 16 April,all,Cats,"Solid game, Monster hunter style gameplay. For a port of a Ps4 game handles quite well so long as you OWN A CONTROLLER. Trying to play this game on keyboard is a waste of time.  Online is currently pretty dead but it has gotten better since I've started I think more people are starting to pick this up.End game is a grindfest but I enjoy that so it works out. I would wait until a sale comes around to buy this but with the 50 hours I've put in, I've enjoyed my time here."
76561198040333156,Recommended,551730,30661035,Posted: 21 March,all,WTF IS THIS?,no problems on my endlack of resolutions above 1080 is a minor problem for me
76561197983367080,Recommended,551730,30669605,Posted: 22 March,all,Mr. Spongecake,"Only played into the game 4 hours but I'm already enjoying the hell out of it. A lot has been improved, including the landscapes. No loading between any rooms anymore because everything is already loaded. I was skeptical about the whole ""open-world"" thing but it seems to have been implemented very well.Not only have two new weapon types been added (Sword and shield, chain whip) but all the other weapon types have had new moves added to them further increasing their viability and adding something to draw you back into those types so you're not spending all your time with the two new ones.The is also a very VERY clean port. I had Kiwami on the PS4 so I can't speak for the PC version but this game runs smooth as silk on my rig. Loading times are also ridiculously short as well which is a wonder as all the ages are linked together into one giant map with no seperate ""room"" loading like in Kiwami.The Demon-Hand thing seems just a tad gimmicky to me, though. I'm still trying to learn all it's ins-and-outs but I hardly use the damn thing.EDIT: I've used it a bit more. It has other functionality like being able to grapple up to higher ledges you can't jump on which is pretty nice but the other functions of the Demon Hand seem to trivialize fights against large oni. It's way too good.The characters aren't as compelling as the original cast in Toukiden: Age of Demons but they get pretty damn close. Of course I'm also not very far in so I may grow to love them like I did the original cast. I do really like Benizuki though, she's pretty rad.EDIT: Got a bit further into the game and the characters are starting to get fleshed out more. I'm starting to grow to like them even more now. Writing is still absolutely solid.This part doesn't affect me as I use controller but it's a tad bit silly to not have mouse support on a PC game. I'm also wondering if this is intentional or not as I've seen some text in the game that wasn't quite... right? One of the screenshots explaining something was a Japanese screen shot and when sending my machina out on a survey the survey time was shown as ""Survey Time"" not ""long"" ""very long"" or anything like that. A few things just seems a tad weird to me so the lack of mouse support may not be intended.All in all a very good game and a very good sequel to the original. I highly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,551730,30985738,Posted: 6 April,all,Cai,"A very good game with a storyline and characters that will keep you entertained. And as many people have said it is undoubtedly akin to the Monster Hunter franchise. Though the only complaint I may have is that the battles just arent challenging enough. The monst---the ONI,  just kind of stand in one spot most of the time and let you and your buddies cut them to pieces. The only time I ever find myself getting hit is when the beast decides to randomly flail about from time to time and smack me out of pure luck. Monster Hunter monsters will actively target players with different moves and abilities and constantly move around making the battles seem more lively and challenging...To me at least... I don't know im just a filthy causual and a genji main so what do I know...Anyways, buy it. Its pretty cool."
,Recommended,551730,30785769,Posted: 27 March,all,Chairon6x3,"First off let me state that all the naysayers are a bunch of whiney brats.Considering how much of a fan of Monster Hunter I am, let me state that Toukiden since the first one has filled the void that Capcom refuses to fill with ports and only supplying to Nintendo customers. I don't think they know their market very well.The game looks nice, plays great, can be challenging at times especially later sorties. If you like a Monster Hunter-ish game that gives you the satisfaction of hunting and dismembering monsters to make new weapons, then this is most certainly the game for you."
,Recommended,551730,30678073,Posted: 22 March,all,Neoiel,"Huge improvement over Toukiden 1 and Kiwami. It's taken forever for one of these Monster Hunter type games to embrace an open world design. Definitely doesn't feel like Koei-Tecmo's usual Warriors gimmick where they slap a couple new characters in it, rework the story a tad and release a bare bones sequel. They actually mixed it up a great deal. The character models are a lot better, and the character customization is much deeper. The Demon's Hand and ""soul dash"" mechanics make traversing the world fun. I've got an old GTX 770, I'm getting a solid 60 fps with settings maxed out. We finally got 60 fps, and in that regard the better port, because both PS4 and Vita are stuck at 30 fps. Sure there's no mouse support, Do people honestly not have a PS3/PS4, 360/Xbone controller lying around that they can plug into their pc's? If not, just use your keyboard and the lock on features to minimize the need for a mouse. But the game wasn't designed for mouse and keyboard, if you can afford these games new, go get a controller already. O.oMy only gripes for Omega Force would be to try to better match Monster Hunter's difficulty. That and substantially up the world's graphics, with recent titles like Hyrule Warriors and Dragon Quest Heroes we know they're capable. Omega Force needs to step into the next generation already instead of tending to frequently hang two generations behind everyone else graphically. It's most likely the Vita that's holding everyone back. The game is a blast though. Hopefully as they perfect the hunting game formula they can eventually prod Capcom into playing with the big dogs again where big monsters belong----on the big screen. The 3DS 800 x 240 res 4.88' screen just doesn't cut it for slaying life sized dragons and it's a shame."
,Recommended,551730,30679327,Posted: 22 March,all,GearSecond,"This is a great game, and reminds me a alot of monster hunter for the 3ds- It a great looking game, visuals are pretty nice, actually feels as if im in a mmo like Tera for instance-Runs at 60 fps- Music in this game is nice as well-Combat in this game fun and challenging-Lots of content and weapons to use, on a side note each weapon has it own combos and moveset that takes getting   used to-Online seems to be a bit slow (probs my connection doe)On my personal opinion I want to state that as Koei game i never expect to use the Keyboard and mouse, always a controller because to me Koei never makes using the keyboard fun. So if you have a controller, have fun but if not good luck."
,Recommended,551730,30802596,Posted: 28 March,all,LittlePennyPaw,"This is an early review (just started Chapter 2)：I liked Toukiden 1 because it was the closest to MH I could get on PC at that time. I bought Toukiden 2 at launch since it got solid 60 fps and decent graphic improvement.Saw people complaining about the game is short. But is it? I spent 4 hours in the game and just started Story Mode Chapter 2. I have yet done any side-missions or coops or anything. Probably will tick over 50 hours.The gameplay is pretty smooth （reminds me a LOT of God Eater), and the system deserves digging (still, haven't figured out how to use Demon Hand to slam an Oni...)Just hope the coop is for story mode."
76561198272717759,Recommended,551730,30670458,Posted: 22 March,all,Poljanan,Koei made a working port. Think about that for a second.
76561198175382622,Recommended,551730,30671858,Posted: 22 March,all,Ultimate_Pervert,Game came out yesterday. Already 14hrs into the game. Toukiden and Open world is the best improvement.
76561198091776885,Recommended,551730,30672757,Posted: 22 March,all,[EcG] SwordThane,"So far the game is great, combat is fun and has some depth to it. The amount of weapons and diff play styles you get to choose from is amazing, I also get steady frames and no sudden drops.I will deff update more as a I play.Pros-Variety of weapons and play styles-Combat and no frame issues-Multiplayer is a blast-Open world-Semi good story and plot-Day and Night cycle is really cool (enemies are tougher at night)-Huge cast of characters and frequently random encountersSoSo-Enemy spawns are almost always the same (As far as big Oni spawns) can be nice cause you can easily farm what ever your looking for but also can be boring because it never changes.-Music is not bad but it's not great-Game needs a difficulty option IMO it's to easyCons-No english voice overs (Some players might not have a problem with this)- YOU NEED A CONTROLER (No mouse support)-No push to talk on multiplayer (There is a way to fix this)-Enemy spawns are almost always the same (As far as big Oni spawns)"
76561198023584608,Recommended,551730,30663128,Posted: 21 March,all,Yamiguto,Playing with an old Rock Candy Xbox controller and very much enjoying this game so far. Just bought another copy for my son so we can play together.I turned everything on high and honestly haven't seen a problem on single player (not sure about multi). Here are my specs if anyone is curious.Operating SystemWindows 10 Pro 64-bitCPUIntel Core i5 4570 @ 3.20GHz	35 °CHaswell 22nm TechnologyRAM8.00GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 903MHz (10-12-12-31)MotherboardASUSTeK COMPUTER INC. Z87-PLUS (SOCKET 1150)	30 °CGraphicsASUS VS228 (1920x1080@59Hz)Acer H233H (1920x1080@59Hz)2048MB ATI AMD Radeon HD 7800 Series (ATI AIB)	39 °CStorage111GB OCZ-VERTEX3 (SSD)	30 °C465GB Seagate ST3500630NS (SATA)	42 °COptical DrivesASUS DRW-24B1ST cAudioRealtek High Definition Audio
,Recommended,551730,30793626,Posted: 28 March,all,Sacrifex,"A seriously fun Raid/Hunting game with an average, but, passable, port.  Things to keep in mind:- If you refuse to connect a controller to your PC, don't waste your money.  The game is made to be played with it. You wouldn't eat soup with chopsticks, don't come into this thinking you can use a KB/M. Controllers have existed for PC's for over 30 years - ignore the more zealot-like PCMR fanboys who are chanting ""Console!"" in hushed tones and grab one.- The game runs very well on a high-end PC, as it should, but, there is almost no way to make it look as sharp as it should.  With a maximum resolution of 1080p60, and in-game AA that seems to do nothing, there is an endless stream of jaggies covering every seam. You can force FXAA through drivers and override the game's settings, but even after boosting those to the maximum you're not going to have anywhere near the clarity of picture you would expect in a solid PC port.  That said - the graphics, on the whole, are otherwise decent considering this game had a release on the Vita.- If you're a Monster Hunter fan expecting to play this mainly for Multiplayer, you're going to be disappointed.  Aside from the smaller base of players on PC (notably, this version does not Crossplay with the PS4 or Vita - Crossplay is only between those two versions), the player base is then divided up into sub-groups by Download region.  Note that this is download region, not geographical region, as in, one of the *very large* number within the Steam download settings.  Due to this, multiplayer was effectively dead within the first week.  The saving grace seems to be that the single player in this title is more developed, with an open world, and AI teammates who do a decent job. Still, a huge disappointment - had I known ahead of time this was the case, I'm not sure I would have given the game a shot. I'm glad the single player is compelling enough, or, I would have been rather unhappy.If you can get past those hurdles, and, let's be honest, they're moderately big hurdles, you'll likely have a lot of fun with the game - but, if any of those are your personal bugbear, save yourself the hassle of dealing with a refund and pass on this one. It's probably the best Raid/Hunting game on PC (in the US) right now, but, there are more options coming out in the future, and there is nothing about the game that makes it a must-play.A conditional recommendation."
,Recommended,551730,31117547,Posted: 13 April,all,Haelou,"I wouldn't say this game is the best monster hunting game to be honest, but I do enjoyed this game a lot. I tried a pirated version and immediately fall in love with this game then I bought it right away. So, how should i put it, I regret buying this game but at the same time i dont really regret it.First of all, because of how the online system works, really disappointed me. Here i thought this game is Open World, but the online wasnt open world at all. Which ruined the online fun. I dont know whether other players get disappointed or not about this, as for me, I do. I love open world's game more than anything. Its also my SOLE REASON to buy this game. Let me get this straight to the point, this game made your Single Player to be able to do [Joint Operation (Slayers join up with slayers to slay Oni Boss)] , but why make multiplayer different with the SP, it would've been my greatest monster hunting game i've ever played. So, hopefully one day this game might implement something like Join Operation in the future for Multiplayer.Enough with the cons, actually there are plenty of pros in this game, if i were to list out, it might take few hours to list down. I'll go with what I like about this game the most:-Story-Nice looking NPC [well, acceptable]-Bond System-Open world hunting-Weapon crafting systemWell that concludes my review, hopefully it'll help you, who's gonna buy or not. Lastly, if i ever have english/grammar mistake, please bear with it, because im lazy to edit and stuff"
76561197987214402,Recommended,551730,34875178,Posted: 10 September,all,The Man on the Silver Mountain,The best Monster Hunter clone out.
,Recommended,551730,30658883,Posted: 21 March,all,Snaggle,Chest Size Modifier.Samurai Jack-like storyline.Toxic whiny-babies not recommending a game just because of a few failed aspects.What's not to love?
76561198112822834,Recommended,551730,32489201,Posted: 16 June,all,Jorden,"Its fun. I was told it's a hunting style game similar to the Monster Hunter series, And in most ways its similar. But the combat is a lot faster paced and feels very fluid. Several issues however, most Oni feel like a ""Bullet Sponge"" if i could put it in easier to understand terms, and that the port from PS4/Vita is total garbage limiting you to 1080p. The controls are clearly labeled for controller support which is fine, but theres no way to change it to view as keyboard/mouse(although the controls are tuneable in the settings menu). And the fact it enables audio online all the time with no option to turn it off is really irritating(work around is to unplug mic before going online). Other than that id say this game is worth a look. 8/10 for sure."
,Recommended,551730,30760180,Posted: 26 March,all,Rich ChiGGa,"I am a huge monster hunter fan. I was really excited for God Eater to come out and played it deeply. However this game far exceeds GE:RB and gives me my MH fix without using a tiny screen (3ds).If you are hesistant to buy this, buy it. I've had nothing but good times. The weapons are all fun and engaging and the demons/combat system is really good. This game is what GE:RB and MH:Online SHOULD/would if they gave us a western release (fk you for not releasing it)"
76561198271291589,Recommended,551730,30693118,Posted: 23 March,all,third2us,"I didn't expect a deep story form a monhunt game, Wow...and many thing to do than I think (like travel with your fox pet)."
,Recommended,551730,30692865,Posted: 23 March,all,Hina,"Much better than the port for Kiwami. I played Toukiden on the Vita and this is a huge upgrade. Naturally, if you do not want to use a controller, you are SOL. Great game, very similar to Monster Hunter. Japanese mythology theme and lots of oni~"
76561198060807114,Recommended,551730,30686854,Posted: 23 March,all,pretzelboiy,gonna give it a thumbs uppeople complain that it doesnt have mouse compatibility and it doesnt its also not counter strike or any other game where that is a needed feature its a console game ported to pc done very well had no issues with frame rate or crashing ill update review if i play more but there were alot of complaints about the first games port i think they have had a smooth launch with this one so if your a monster hunter fan this is the pc equivilant
,Recommended,551730,32271630,Posted: 8 June,all,Mephiles,"The story and gameplay is great but it's somewhat glitchy and has no mouse support so you have to use a controller,the game has 200 mitamas without counting the dlcs, each has multiple abilities to choose from with 100 Hours you would have done everything in game including the mitamas, a great experience but we WANT MONSTER HUNTER where i can easily spend over 600hrs in"
,Recommended,551730,30676108,Posted: 22 March,all,Manataur,"Its been a while since Ive hunted. I tried Monster Hunter on the 3ds, but its just not the same. This game is great. Looks great. Combat is fluid. Crafting system is just like any other hunting game. Grindy, Just the way I like it."
76561198005979665,Recommended,551730,30785786,Posted: 27 March,all,Rainbow Array Strike,"So hey, I came into this game with low expectations due to the fact that I figured it would be a Dynasty Warrior-ized Monster Hunter.  What I got was a pretty sweet anime fantasy story with a lot of awesome monsters and very unique weapon combat styles.  Though they do pile on a lot of information at the beginning so it'll be a bit of a read fest.   At least a lot of it was intuitive. I was pretty impressed that there was an openworld mechanic to it and I'm just sitting on chapter 4 figuring out an aesthetic and learning the Mitama combos.It's a very enjoyable buy and it's got a beautiful style. If you like fantasy/anime, this one would be a pretty solid buy."
,Recommended,551730,30764635,Posted: 26 March,all,JK,Monster Hunter Fan Come here
,Recommended,551730,30667903,Posted: 22 March,all,6ShotX919,"Solid game. The additon of the open world was a really good step up from Kiwami (which I frankly found boring).That said, the targetting still needs a bit of getting used to while the plot is interesting so far. The Oni hunting mechanics are still fun and the new demon hand is pretty handy (forgive the unintentional pun) to have during Otherworld treks. The mythos of the world are really intriguing and worth investing the time into.The port runs well for the most part (it did stutter a bit during one battle but that was very short and inconsequential). I see myself investing a lot of hours in this game and the game is definitely worth the asking price.PS: Don't forget the free Mitama, they give you a really good boost in the beginning."
76561198007847377,Recommended,551730,30851576,Posted: 31 March,all,Doom,"Short version:Massive improvement compared to TOukiden Kiwami. Enjoyable, interesting, runs better, and combat is much more entertaining. For a Koei Tecmo PC port, quality is very good, so it is worth checking out.Long version:This game is a massive improvement compared to Toukiden Kiwami. Basically, developers addressed all the issues from Kiwami, the game runs much faster on PC, and combat is now much more entertaining. The story isn't perfect, but it is interesting enough (even though it is somewhat naive at times, occasionally predictable and some events are cliched).Overall, the game gives feels a bit similar to Dark Arisen, except it doesn't feature ""Dramatic/Epic Monster Climbing"" which was present in Dark Arisen.The game feels a bit shorter than kiwami, though, but superior experience is worth it.So, pros/cons:Pros:Fun combat system somewhat resembling Dark Arisen.Seamless open world map designStory ain't bad.Looks alright visuallyCharacters are interesting. They tend to be based off certain archetypes, but some interactions were genuinely funny.Cons:some story events are very predictable and cliched. Basically, it resembles shounen anime (shounen -> aimed at younger teens). Still, it isn't bad. Another minor issue is that some things aren't really well explained, but then again, in-game tutorials are better than those which were present in Kiwami.Misc:You'll need a controllerThere's a very small amount of ""party banter"" going on in the game. As in one or two sentences from time to time, party members giving you some advice, and short jokes. The banter is missing subtitles. There's nothing critical in it, though.There's no new game plus. There's no real ""leveling"" in this game, and your power depends solely on your equipment, BUT if you decide that you don't like your characte'rs face, you'll need to start over.Bosses occasionally employ a devious tactic where they kill you and sit on your corps (blocking allies from approaching it) till the revival timers runs out.  This doesn't happen to often, but it occasionally happens.In similar fashion, certain enemies can stunlock you, play basketball using your character, kill you immediately after revival, etc. This happens rarely.  Basically, compared to Kiwami combat is tougher, and this time you need to pay attention to surroundings. Then again, this is what makes it more fun.Occasionally fps takes a dip in certain areas, or when there's a lot of particles on the screen. Overall, however, performance is much better than kiwami.A lot of content was previously seen in kiwami. At least half of the monsters were present in the first game, quite a lot of armors, etc. Then again, it looks like good portion of content has been reworked/improved - for example the game now features animations for situations when monsters lose limbs, which was not the case before. There are new monsters as well.List of improvements compared to kiwami:Every class now gets an equivalent of grappling hook. So, anyone can attack monsters midair.Weapons got additional moves and new minor mechanics. For example, archers can now jump back and start shooting midair. Rifle users can instantly reload a bullet after firing, or load all 5 bullet at once (at cost of focus gauge), etc. Basically, every annoying thing that was present in kiwami's weapon system has been fixed.There are new weapons - whips and sword + shield.It is now possible to remove boss limbs for good, even on monsters reused from Kiwami. It requires a special move, but you totally can rip off legs and tail of a huge monster and watch it crawl on the ground in frustration. This is a huge improvement.Combat now is much more fast paced and fights are shorter. Instead of plinking bosses to the death for 15..30 minutes, you can usually finish most combat encounters under 10 minutes easily.Combat involves larger number of enemies, too. If in Kiwami we had 5 bored imps wandering around in a huge location, here you can have 2 or 3 big bosses chasing you, along with a crowd of small monsters. Crowds of dozen or so small enemis happen often.Visuals are better. Environments are no longer washed out, and look different neough. It is not top notch graphics, but it looks good enough.The world is seamless. Meaning no loading screens every 10 seconds. Just walk in any direction you want.[/list[So, basically... fun, solid game, much better than 1st toukiden and is definitely worth checking out."
76561198131982247,Recommended,551730,30689775,Posted: 23 March,all,M45K3R,This game worth to buy :)
,Recommended,551730,30664662,Posted: 22 March,all,Dave G,"It runs a stable 60fps on my pc. (mid to high tier rig, nothing too fancy)The only issues i had with this port is using a ps4 controller via steam inate support.I had to disable steam support and use DS4win for it to work properly.Controll layout was all jumbled by default, and i had to use the touchpad to turn the camera..(apparently this game loves its xbox controller and wants nothing to do with ps4 ones.).Also.. what the hell is up with the default ingame voice communication having no option to turn off / on?Patch that♥♥♥♥♥♥out or patch an option for it in!(turn it off in steam's settings.. it gets pretty anoying..)One downside is that it's a bit too easy, even when youve unlocked higher difficulty.(this is the machocist in me speaking.)Also, the male armor designs range from lame>dumb>clown-like>meh>no better options.where ""no better options"" is half-decent looking.The weapon selection is good, and the mitama system is surprisingly pretty deep.There's good wiggle-room for customizing your playstyle that way, but a bit limited in regards to comboing hits.By that i mean, there's 3 different buttons to strike, and very little combo variations to KEEP striking with..In those aspects it falls short of being ""AS good"" as MH, but that's a matter of personal taste.All in all its a great game even if you havent played any monster hunter titles, and have no previous experience, that might even be a good thing.Try out online mode, game is better with friends.(but remember to turn off ingame voice in your steam options.)9.5/10 would slam a succubus with my giant club, while random people on steam breathes into the microphone into my ear again."
,Recommended,551730,30834002,Posted: 30 March,all,DaPhuuLz,"in short:1. Fight Monsters. Gather their parts.2. Craft better Equipments.3. to Fight Stronger Monster and Gather better Materials4. repeat #2-#4  untill you got boredps. thestory, quests & dialogues is pretty interesting and entertainingsomewhat like what you can expect from Anime tropes.Musics is fitting and nice. Not much Hand holding.(i had a hard time at a quest when i just load game and check quest log tell me to kill XXX monster and no further information. i didn't remember the conversation with the NPC or even where to find him it took me a while before i accidentally found the target. while running around collecting collectibles and materials)Toukiden 2 is my first entry to the series. Toukiden Kiwami was locked at 30fps so i didn't get it. but i heard this one hasup to 60fpsso i decided to try.Enter the game and it met my first expectation. No Mouse and Super-Tight FOV as expected from KoeiTecmo. but my controller work fine so i pushed on.the Cinematic movies look colorful and pretty while the in-game graphics look kinda washed-out.i mean too faded than i'd like. (but that can be fixed with Reshade (dx9) so nice to play on PC)about Graphic settings the game Resolutions can go up to 1080p. with Options to Lock framerates at 30fps or 60fps, [High-Mid-Low] : Textures, Textures Filters, Particles[On-Off]: Light shafts, Anti-Aliasing(FXAA), Shadows , ReflectionsIf you don't like the washed-out look you can use Reshade (dx9) to set it however you want. but Reshade would Disable Steam Overlays. so that means you cannot F12 for screenshots or other stuffs it provide.Gameplay:There is Online Co-Op play,but it's limited to Sortie MIssions. (which mean you enter Lobby and go out to do a mission and come back to lobby. no story. just battles) Still it's quite fun even playing with PUB. and it's mostly fun playing with friends anyway. i would want to co-op in story mode too but this wayit is basicly like playing story mode but skip every dialogue/cutscene and go straight to battles site.You can communicate by typing in Free Chat or use Microphone or use Preset Message / Emotes / Emoticons / Gestures.The Combat Machanics are based on your Equipments combine with Mitamas (the spirits?) and you can build it however you want. I still not fully understand how it work yet. Basicly you can craft Weapons & armor from the stuffs you gather from Monsters (there are like hundreds maybe a thousand of material to collect) then you can Enhanced your Equipment and make it stronger in some specific way(?) then you Reforge them to the whole new level of equipments(?) IDK still not reach there yet.Playing with the Controller take me a while to get used to. but i can accept it. i mean it would be very nice with K&M if possible. i mean i would gladly Pay for a K&M DLC. but the controller kinda works so. yeah.Story:is quiteLinear. with a few dialogue options to get a bit different reaction dialogue. that's what i think. I tried a few run with different dialogue choices. they doesn't affect how the story is going at all. so that's that. but the story and dialogue is quite entertaining. Now looking back i think the story feels a bit Short even combining with Side quests. I spend most of the time running around collecting stuffs to make better equipments. but hey... 70hrs and still counting.so I am done with the story and side quests. but I still playing this game. Because the Equipment just keep going. it keep growing and there's an Expert mode with insanely strong Enemies. that give Materials to make Insanely strong equipments(?) and from time to time just join Random Lobby in Online and have some fun Hunting Onis.All in all. Fun time. Creating Character, Fighting Giant monsters. That's it.-Recommended-"
,Recommended,551730,33756210,Posted: 23 July,all,Uni✰Chan✰,"If you want to challenge yourself in this game dont take anyone in your partybut if you want to complete the story with ez peashytake them with youso much fun !there are a lot of options to change the story tho, just make a good decision :)"
76561198034678771,Recommended,551730,34726360,Posted: 3 September,all,El Staple,"Well it's not Monster Hunter and it's not Dynasty Warriors, but I still like it!"
76561198093053449,Recommended,551730,30925426,Posted: 3 April,all,Pheonix368,"Great monsterhunter-like game. I've only had it for 2 days, played 20 some hours to beat the story, and I'm still going to be playing for weeks to get to the higher stuff. Multiplayer is awesome if you've got a friend, singleplayer was great too. only qualms I have is i can't always understand what the characters are saying when we're out in the world, as the subs only extend to cutscenes and interactions, and the combat gets grindy when you have to fight like, 5 bigger monsters at the same time you end up using the same move repeatedly. 9/10"
,Recommended,551730,30671267,Posted: 22 March,all,CorruptPixel,"First and foremost, make sure you have a controller to play this game with as it does completely lack mouse support.Other than that Toukiden 2 runs extremely well and finally in 60fps with some incredibly large maps and lack of loading times.Pick it up and have some fun with friends. if none are available the AI can definitely hold their own."
76561198068337017,Recommended,551730,30677927,Posted: 22 March,all,=SM= Strekkode,Very good game if you like the Monster Hunter series.
,Recommended,551730,30677624,Posted: 22 March,all,Wasp Eye Lad,"Here's my 8 hours take on the game.First, the boring stuff:- No mouse support- It's locked in 60 fps- It's an overall superior port to the original Toukiden but it's still a port and not something created from the ground up- Only consider this game if you have a controller; Keyboard controls are pure garbageNow let's talk about the game.They finally did it.They took the Hunting genre created and maintened for years and year from Monster Hunter and created a ""clone"" that still is pretty much a clone in certain aspects while bringing a whole new flow to the gameplay.You got your typical ""grab the quest, hunt the monster"" you are expecting from the genre but then you got a fully fledged action RPG on top of it and presented as the main course. This is one of the better open world experiences, I've stumbled into some secrets that opened new ways of bulding my own character in the game. It felt like the more I explore, the cooler the secrets I find. I'll relay this gameplay loop as my experience:Behind a massive boulder from the souther region of the ""Age of Honor"" region of the map, there was this small shrine. I was lost, trying to find a way to reach my destination that did not travel in the ""Underworld"" cave system because if I did, my character would be poisoned by the Miasma and die.So I stopped and decided to check on the shrine. There I found a figure of Japanese/German history I've never even heard about, Siebold (Philipp Franz von Siebold).The character explains why his spirit was trapped there and asks for you to track a specific Demon with your ""Oni Slaying Vision"" and bring one of it's part for him to analyze.So I track the creature, have a climatic showdown in the heart of an abandoned city and manage to bring the part to this Siebold fellow, who then is absorbed. He is one of the ""Mitama"", spirits that customize how you play the game. Think armor skills from Monster Hunter on steroids.This partircular Mitama had a bunch of synergy with the Whip weapon, so I decided to try. Aiming explosive kunai tem smashing them with the whip and blowing up specific parts of the monster quickly turned me into an addict. And it's all thanks to this random thing I ran on the scenery that gave me the push to try different weapons, builds and approachs.So far, this game is more than a step up from Toukiden 1 - It's a unique and refined take on the Hunting genre. When it tries to be copy cat Monhun it stumbles, but when it's being itself, it's an all around fun time. Let's see if the feeling persists through my next 8 hours."
76561197999639736,Recommended,551730,30678026,Posted: 22 March,all,なすの,"i enjoyed kiwami eventhough i played it on ps4, because of that i look forward to this game. enjoyed it very much, map are wider and more open, game runs without problem to me, might have mouse problem, i dunno, but i use controller since already accustomed to kiwami. nontheless, i enjoyed it."
,Recommended,551730,34387985,Posted: 20 August,all,AureliaLeGuin,作为mh的粉丝，讨鬼2我也算认真体验了好一段时间总体感觉，很让我矛盾这游戏作为一款狩猎共斗类游戏，真的说的话，其实游戏体验比怪物猎人好，有一条完整故事线，开放地图各种野外支线，小姐姐很棒很棒，很多异于怪猎的优点但是一旦拉到动作系统上和怪物设计上的话，我说句实话，和怪猎的差距不是一星半点这系列的判定非常蛋疼，怪猎很多攻击判定是一次判定，而这游戏是整个动作内都有判定，这点非常重要，因为这几乎是个人认为设计得最蛋疼的地方，比如说风切的360攻击类比金狮子的360攻击，金狮子这招是可以通过翻滚和走位躲的，但是风切这招范围大，判定大不说，整个技能内都有判定，而且一旦发怒的风切，使用这招的频率不算低！躲起来十分要命，更比如说咒诅的甩尾，范围简直是大得惊人，而且角度和判定也是极其地令人摸不着头脑，说句实在话，在下级任务的时候，我大多数时候，压根连躲技能的欲望都很少，因为很多攻击的范围简直是令人摸不着头脑的大，在咒诅的甩尾之类的面前，水龙的异次元铁山靠，烬灭刃的二连大甩尾恐怕也就这回事了，我拿近战讨鬼，简直是打得一脸黑线而更烦人的是这游戏动作特别慢，动作流畅感特别不好，尤其是太刀，对比隔壁怪猎的防性无限牙签太刀，我第一时间上手太刀的时候，我拿的真的不是大剑？？？？最最重要的一点，这游戏的怪物血量，真的有点太厚了吧？成型以后还好，你御魂没成型的时候去刷上位怪，某些高级上位怪血量真是厚得简直令你说不出话来……对，我说的就是各种壮壮还有咒诅这些说句实在话，这游戏我玩着体验其实并不算特别好，怪猎x我也算玩了几百个小时了，这游戏我现在玩了60个小时，我就没有我当初玩怪猎x的那种拿到手上就不愿意放下的感觉如果真要给我评分，讨鬼2我最多只能给到80，但你要说我给不给好评，我还是要给的
76561198163542142,Not Recommended,551730,30722534,Posted: 25 March,all,Mora,"I don't recommend this game.Maybe you think this game is monster hunter.But no.I mean this game is ""an outstanding imitator"".But it not monster hunter.And it should not be monster hunte.KOEI want to out of the shadows of monster hunter.And they make Toukiden 2 to became a sandbox game.But so bad it is fail.In here you just need kill monster and make better equipment.It not like monster hunter or dark souls 3.Because they have more Challenging and more skills.When you kill a boss you can feel you grow up.But what's interesting.I played it 11 hours.I don't feel it is monster hunter.I feel it is Horizon Zero Dawn.If KOEI want to make sandbox game about kill some monsters and make equipment and epic plot .They should imitate Horizon Zero Dawn.But no.It not ""hard game""  OR sandbox game!Toukiden 2 don't have souls.So what's this?I don't know.It is neither fish nor fowl.Game mechanism like 80's.You open a door and appear some zombies behind you back.Bored.This game make you happy when you played 3 hours.After maybe you will delete and never see it.Because you will boredom it.But if you want to buy.I strongly suggest waiting for 50%off.Last.If you think mafia3 is 6\10 sh@t game.Fallout4 and Resident Evil7 are  7\10 very normal games.Never buy Toukiden 2."
76561198097455966,Recommended,551730,30696806,Posted: 23 March,all,Sobloque,good game for slaying oni-chan
76561198034643097,Recommended,551730,30976430,Posted: 6 April,all,SleeprunnerInc,"It's an allright game for what it is.GEts really boring and repetitive at some time in the game especially when you have to run around finding materials and specific onis and the like.Heck I played it to completion in 33 hours.No, actually in 20 hours because the 13 other hours I spent upgrading things and checking how some stuff worked since its not completely explained.The price is way too high for these games and some would argue its because the game has replayability but I'd say it doesnt warrant the price tag.A game like Fallout has replayability with a massive world and whatnot.This game does not.The world map is really small, the fights are fun but get grindy.I played with the rifle and it really felt like cheesing the whole game as I died only ONCE in the entire span that I played it.The game should be priced at 20-30 bucks to warrant playtime to price ratio."
,Recommended,551730,30662443,Posted: 21 March,all,Lighting Yang,优化不错，hd5500 800x600 可以稳定3ofps
,Recommended,551730,30695089,Posted: 23 March,all,emiriaaa,"no longer can't play in vita because of problems and that's suck. SO GET A PC RITE NOW DON'T FORGET TO USE CONTROLLER FUHAHAHAHAHA. (jokes aside) It's a major improvement from the previous series and yeah it's open-map-adventuring is sometime could be boring (well u can stormrun it lol). it's a fresh idea (I think) than other hunting game that moving from place to place needs to load and that's kinda frustating, but now feel free to explore the world and complete the map. happy stormrun people! TL;DR: just buy and play don't think too much."
,Recommended,551730,30666674,Posted: 22 March,all,Altair,"Ax excellent port. No problems, no glitches, can run at 60fps.Sure, no mouse support is a bummer but it's still playable with just a keyboard alone, it takes a while and you can always rebind your keys."
76561198011484465,Recommended,551730,30677086,Posted: 22 March,all,ViridianSage,"This game is a lot of fun for folks looking for a Monster Hunter like game that's not on 3DS.  Multiplayer with your friends is an amazing experience.  The story seems a bit contrived, but this is more a game about fighting monsters than a game you play for the epic story."
,Recommended,551730,30912940,Posted: 2 April,all,basic doogle,"The game's an improvement on the first port, but that's not saying much. As a game it's pretty nice, the Open-world gameplay is really nice in a monsterhunter'esque game. My only gripes so far is some minor crashes related to one tutorial that isn't vital and the fact that the localization subs are pretty bad(they are gramatically correct and go along the general gist of the subject but are hardly correct). They take A LOT of liberties with the dialogue but it's mostly with insignificant banter between the characters.All in all it's a nice game if you're looking for monsterhunter on pc and it also has coop.14/10 it's ok.Recommend buying it on sale for 20-40% off tops"
,Recommended,551730,30883305,Posted: 1 April,all,chiefro,Fun game. a little confusing at first.
76561198050978981,Recommended,551730,30876381,Posted: 1 April,all,rot39,"Loved this game since Toukiden The Age of Demon, Toukiden Kiwami. Loved this one also!!! Although the graphic is pretty outdated compared to other games coming out this year, the gameplay is fantastic."
,Recommended,551730,30885933,Posted: 1 April,all,Kaitsz,10/10
76561198061929572,Recommended,551730,30792106,Posted: 28 March,all,ABagOfPuppies,♥♥♥♥in lit game
76561198212379685,Recommended,551730,31396867,Posted: 27 April,all,AutomataA2,Pretty good game and good story so far! Combat is awesome and upgrades and weapons are right there with awesome as well. I give this a 8 out of 10 and I am a pretty picky gamer lol
,Recommended,551730,30718465,Posted: 24 March,all,Wolvaroo,Having a lot more fun than I expected. I hear some people are having performance and crashing issues but the game has been running flawlessly for me 40 hours in.I can best describe it as Soul Sacrifice X Dynasty Warriors.
76561198103576514,Recommended,551730,30777702,Posted: 27 March,all,Odoridon,"A monster slaying game, cool and addicting game. want to play monster hunter with great graphic on pc? this will be your choice! and its open world! but sadly lack of controller support. looking forward for the future update!"
,Recommended,551730,30742356,Posted: 25 March,all,Elenya,"I really enjoy this game !!!. <3I didn't complete the Story/solo Mode yet (I read that it's around 30hours of gameplay). I really hope that they will plan more Endgame content/ mechanic, so I don't have to take a break and wait for DLCs ahah.Positives:- Storyline interresting- Characters have nice personalities / not borring (I actually care for them so it's a good point)- Nice game mechanic to personalize the character ( abilities through ""cards""/ spirits)Different from Monster Hunter:- faster combat- more abilities (feels like this at least)- your allies can't attack you / push you back with their attacks (Alleluyaaa!!)- coop mode = less walking/searching and more fighting :PNegatives:- Maybe the tutorial is a little bit too fast? I got some difficulties to understand few mechanics, not fully explained in the game.Suggestions:- I would like to see the harvesting gameplay a little bit more developped. Everything is shown as a little shiny star to pick up. I would prefer seeing stones, herbs etc (like on MH)Note:I no longer have crashes on Coop mode,they did a pretty good job with the fix on the last patch !"
76561198047833070,Recommended,551730,33358261,Posted: 7 July,all,FrainBreeze,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, this game is amazing!"
76561198083138990,Recommended,551730,30830606,Posted: 30 March,all,ScarFace,"The game is very nice but it has it's problems too.If we look on the singelplayer it has only japan voice but personally i would not change it to something else becouse they are very good.The game does not support mouse-controlls, so better useing a supported gamepad or useing only the keybord like in DarkSouls 1btw if u'll use keyboard then this is a better pattern :[wasd] -moving[ijkl]    -camera[Lalt]   -fast run[Ralt]   -mecha hand[h]       -light attack-hard attack[t]        -special attack/move[space]-roll[o]       -run/puryfiation/buffand [shift] to select enemys if u even need it (I am not using it).It is a little MH like but with a good story(i like it so far) and too big weapons.It is not looking so good but the weapons and armors are pretty detailed.If you look at it as a game from 2012-2014 then it's awesome.If u get it for 30 euro it's good but 50 is a way too muchi got it for i think 900-1000 rub so it's not very expencive in russia and for this money it's a very good game :)"
,Recommended,551730,30733636,Posted: 25 March,all,Beethoven,Much better than Kiwami.
,Recommended,551730,30738458,Posted: 25 March,all,KrisIsHidden,"Man, as a Monster Hunter fan and a Toukiden fan i come into this with open arms only to find nothing but satisfaction. I am so impressed that they ported this over, and thankful. I do notice some graphical issues but is to be expected with any port. Thank you for bringing the next Gen Monster Hunting gameplay to PC, Game on my brothers, lets hunt :D"
76561198119458796,Recommended,551730,30769223,Posted: 27 March,all,Penlington,"Wow.For a long time I had wondered what a ""Monster Hunter"" game would be like, and to be honest.... I think these guys did it all better. I feel like there is a good amount of progression, a huge amount of customization, and the combat is pretty unique for the 11 weapon styles in the game. Playing your Battle-Style well is all a part of min-maxing your damage, and the payout is cool gear to fight more monsters.Is there a purpose to all of this? I mean... I guess if you're a collector, there's lots of that, but if you just want to do custom builds and test them out on all sorts of demons with varying attack patterns it's 10/10.TL;DRI'm a stingy♥♥♥♥♥♥and I think this is well worth the 60 some-odd dollars I paid for it.Lots of customization, and a typical 12 episode shonen anime story, with a hint of collector's paradise.>>>>IMPORTANT STUFFS<<<<<-Bring a controller-The online open mic♥♥♥♥♥♥is fixable, I even made a post in discussions for it.-To claim all the free DLC just click ""download"" close the launcher, repeat for all DLCs. Go to ""Downloads"" under ""Library"" in the top-right and force the Toukiden 2 update. Go to your mail in game, VOILA.This game is pretty complex, it will give you a decent amount of information but I would look into it on wiki's, steam or wherever you can find info. (Also willing to help with w/e info I know myself)"
,Recommended,551730,31007298,Posted: 7 April,all,Coldaardvark,"Vast improvement from the previous game, and well worth the play time for monster hunter fans. It stands on it's own, though don't expect monster hunter from this game, it's a different game now.I recommend it if you're looking for a game with:-Skill based action gameplay-Passive based skill builds with many abilities to choose from-Weapon based combat with a good variety in play styles-Boss busting the game-Fun multiplayer (especially with friends)-Decent story and open world experience-Ripping limbs off of giants because you're tired of them having legs. (Discount amputations.)"
76561198103241056,Recommended,551730,30986391,Posted: 6 April,all,Infinity,"Never played Monster Hunter. But I like this game. Hours of pleasant hunting experience. Not too much challenge though once you have all the high rank gears. It's a little awful that when players with different language setting play together their names simply become ""*Slayer"" in coresponding language. Come on! It should be so easy to fix."
,Recommended,551730,35165334,Posted: 23 September,all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,"Good game, i enjoyed the few minutes in. Graphic good, non framerate drops at all. Very enjoyable gameplay...But for one reason i have to refund it = It´s unplayable on keyboard + mouse. xbox controller highly recomended.But for game i give thumb up, there is not problem with game, just with controls. What did i expect from console port? Nah."
,Recommended,551730,33447080,Posted: 10 July,all,Pixelica,"This is a big upgrade from the previous game. I find it combat and movement are more fluid and enjoyable in this game compared to the 1st. If you like kind of monster hunter like game, could be quite repetitive, then this is your game. Just wait for discount if you are not sure."
,Recommended,551730,30871612,Posted: 1 April,all,VANJOWW,"It's 2017 already, why the hell do you guys have no controller for PC already. This game IS supposed to be played with a controller."
,Recommended,551730,30794022,Posted: 28 March,all,Korgoth,Toukiden 2 is by far the best Monster Hunter(TM) I ever played!
,Recommended,551730,30676982,Posted: 22 March,all,Bacon,Great port. 10/10 would slay Oni again.
,Recommended,551730,30892330,Posted: 1 April,all,Disconnected,"I've bought Mass Effect, Dead Rising, games I can't even remember. This is best game."
,Recommended,551730,30937771,Posted: 4 April,all,YouAreNowReadingMyVeryLongName,My only regret was not naming my character VelvetCrowe.
76561198137728235,Recommended,551730,30666353,Posted: 22 March,all,Xedhadeaus,"I can only hope toukiden doesn't do what almost every worthwhile vita game does by offering a much better version to sell full price down the road. I'm saying this because if they offer nintendo a product they may do that.In toukiden, you play as a demon slayer hunting down oni and sending them off Monster hunter style. Mitama, fallen soldiers slain by oni, accompany you, offering special active and passive abilities that assist you in battle. Same general idea with equipment, you need the power of your enemies to stand a chance. Nothing new here. Though the grapple arm has special attack and defense attributes that offer some more versatility. The combat is smooth, but to be honest, I am nowhere near being able to take down anything significant in a reasonable amount of time.The main difference between this and the other hunters, including the first toukiden, is that instead of short bursts of quests and intense battles, it's a much smoother slow burn of exploration and combat, that doesn't make you feel weird for having a big PC just to play a bunch of 10-15 minute missions, and watch cutscenes. Granted some are longer, but the point still stands.Toukiden 2 should be what we want, a feature filled open world hunter rpg that actually uses a healthy combination of open areas, movement and action mechanics, as well as augmentations that anyone would think about while playing, like mid attack evasion, invincibility, critical attacks, stamina recovery, attack buffs defence buffs, and recovering your magic use through sending demons. A combination of spirits that slightly or drastically alter the gameplay through skills and magic. Light heavy and signature attacks that offer more expansive types of combat. Everything is there.Is it worth 60 or so dollars? I would almost always say no. But to be honest, if this is what people want, they need to show for it in sales, This is one less game we need to buy a different console for or wait a decade or so to be able to play it. And because the vita is on its way out, that's one less platform holding the game back down the line. And I'd like to think that koei is not going to let a series die once they started it up. I will admit that depending on your taste in hunter games you may be better off holding out, and I will also admit that if capcom took a look outside and decided that they want to make a PC monster hunter or another dragons dogma that gets finished, I will have a few regrets. The concept they decided to push is worth the money. But I can't help wondering why no one else was doing it. Because upon a closer look, it does look like they're reusuing assets."
,Recommended,551730,30717530,Posted: 24 March,all,Spookghetti,"After finishing the main story, I think I can confidently give my opinion of this game. Think of it as ""Bite sized monster hunter"" the game itself plays very similarly to monster hunter, find a large creature and kill it, simple enough. The large creatures arent exactly difficult, and theyre killed relativly fast (Maybe thats why they're easier.) The longest fight I had was about 12 minutes, and I was very undergeared. The creatures are also kind of easy beacuse they have trouble with tracking. If youre at a lower elevation then them, and they use a range attack, it will go right over your head. They also have very projected attacks, and most of the time you can just walk out of the way, no sprinting or dodging required if youre paying attention. All of this said, its a very fun game. Slaying large monster is always fun, and even though I said the game was kinda easy, theres a lot of attacks that require dodging and punish you if you arent familiar with the attacks. Online is a little borked right now, but they game becomes more difficult online, and much more fun by extension. Overall, I'd give it a 7.5/10, I'd raise it if the online wasnt so weirded up since multiplayer is such a big aspect. As port quality is concerned, I'm very suprised Koei actually made a good port. Nothing game breaking, except the fact there is no mouse support."
,Recommended,551730,32884171,Posted: 27 June,all,kevinrath21,"Im not sure if this has happened to anyone else but whenever i launch the game, its zoomed in and the screen is red? Configurations still work and all but when i didnt make it full screen its just a grey screen when i launch the game again. I like this game and would like to continue playing it but dont want to delete my saved data by redownloading the game again? Can anyone please help!"
,Recommended,551730,30676794,Posted: 22 March,all,RespawnTheSkelington,"Very Fun But The combat is a little bland to start, I wonder if will get better"
,Recommended,551730,31677443,Posted: 10 May,all,Arkas25,Great hunting game :)
76561198062034096,Recommended,551730,31223785,Posted: 18 April,all,Gurtington,"Monster Hunter, but with Far Eastern Styled Armor and weapons, aslo some futuristic looking gear as well. Mouse and keyboard controlls are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but Get a xbone controller and plug that sucker in and ENJOY! The story and character are all interesting."
,Recommended,551730,31055705,Posted: 10 April,all,⋰n⋰i⋰k⋰i⋰b⋰a⋰n⋰z⋰a⋰i⋰,"Many people compare this game to Monster Hunter series but I personally think this game is too easy to be compared to Monster Hunter, you don't really need that much of strategy, just hack n slash and build your weapon and mitama together, grind all the way to the end-game and at the same time collecting materials , basically that's it, hopefully they will add tons of improvements for the next Toukiden series﻿, but if you pretty much looking for a similar game to Monster Hunter, then this game is definitely for you, but like I said, it's not the same, it's easier but still you can have tons of fun playing it!"
,Recommended,551730,34525797,Posted: 27 August,all,acrylic bacon,Story and combat are really good.
76561198212705707,Recommended,551730,34475246,Posted: 24 August,all,Loxom10,This games is the best for people who is a fan of monster hunter and tera online
76561198004887500,Recommended,551730,35226346,Posted: 26 September,all,Rastafarian Targaryen,Wouldve been great if i spoke japanese
,Recommended,551730,30989137,Posted: 6 April,all,Fatebinder,"though it says I played 1.7 hours in the last two weeks I honestly just got the game when I'm writing this and I got to say I'm impressed...still...Theres the fact that like some others say your character doesn't speak, but fooie on that, what I wish from this game is that it not move so laggy.Mabye I don't have a beefy enough computer but they don't give much choice on ajusting the graphics. and I'd much like it if the subtitles matched up with the voice so I could tell what was being said.either that or make a fricken english version, full english!"
76561198066076995,Recommended,551730,30993668,Posted: 7 April,all,No. 412 元素の时空竜,"Well, good game for open world game. However it is a great pain of control for keyboard - I rekon play on consoles will be better"
76561198007330588,Recommended,551730,30733314,Posted: 25 March,all,Crisis,"This is a really fun game.A bit shorter then the first game, but it has a bit more open world like setting.The side quests are not really memorbilbe but over all I liked the story.And the battles. I say it's a save buy,Just keep in mind if you focus on the story you will finish the game in around 20 or so hours.With all the side quests and a completionist might take you up to 50 hours."
76561198026007459,Not Recommended,551730,30709410,Posted: 24 March,all,Metalgeared,"Huge let down with the multiplayer aspect in Toukiden PC versions. You have to manualy change the download regions in order to play with others. Finding people/groups is like a pin in a haystack. 4/10. If you're planing to play only for solo, then this game would be and 7/10 with some control scheme problems and not translated interaction during fights."
76561198363224247,Recommended,551730,30703261,Posted: 24 March,all,403 Forbidden,It's hard to play by using Steam Controller...
,Recommended,551730,30657306,Posted: 21 March,all,ナナチ,"So far beautiful game, nice controls, 60 fps.Created a cute loli waifu with a huge naginata.lolis/10"
76561198113897970,Recommended,551730,30658449,Posted: 21 March,all,HANTEESH,very good game
76561197999375929,Recommended,551730,30664127,Posted: 21 March,all,Online,Cant start the game. After startup setting confirm. Toukiden 2 had stopped working. Anyone know how to fix that
,Recommended,551730,34702645,Posted: 2 September,all,Tricky,Its a game and I like it
,Recommended,551730,34698943,Posted: 2 September,all,j0ny_brav0,Good Game!
,Recommended,551730,30717762,Posted: 24 March,all,SPIRITBEARD,"damn good game, and damn good port! i would even say i enjoy this game more than the monster hunter series."
76561198198471182,Not Recommended,551730,35359283,Posted: 30 September,all,Dire Pup,"I got this product in high hopes that would all that I would hope for but all I ran into was being unable to play the game on any resolution higher than 640 X 840. Don't buy this game until you're willing to fry your CPU, if you don't believe me look at the community board."
,Recommended,551730,30696696,Posted: 23 March,all,Nexzt,Just buy this game !
76561198320561597,Recommended,551730,31390853,Posted: 27 April,all,linkz,fun game
76561198235361072,Not Recommended,551730,30828567,Posted: 30 March,all,PhantomHeaven,"Beware before purchasing this game, dosent support keyboard and mouse controls and yeah i am an idiot buying this game"
76561198040832051,Not Recommended,551730,30739194,Posted: 25 March,all,Locke von Bastiat,Really fun game but the Port is abysmally and plagued with issues that make it imposible to recommend.-no mouse support-poorly optimized CPU usage that causes the game to crash and spike up to 100%-for many people the game refuses to even launch and no reliable solution has been provided.-game is in worse shape after being patched then it was at launch.- Koei Tecmo has a long history of bad ports. It's probaly smart to avoid all the PC releases.-insuffereable fans on the forums will defend this and activly try to obfuscate the issues(which is not the publishers fault but anoying)-if you want to play this or any of their games its probally better to get the console version.
,Not Recommended,551730,30776080,Posted: 27 March,all,Joofey Gooberson,"DISCLAIMER- I bought this game wanting a Monster Hunter clone.So is this a bad game? No, but I will do my best to describe exactly ""what"" kind of game this is so no one is mislead like I was.If you like Dynasty Warrior then I think you will enjoy this. It is a hybrid between that kind of hack n slash OP gameplay and the grind/crafting that a Monster Hunter game would show off. Unfortunately that's where the similarities end. Expect a casual auto-pilot story where you are supposed to care about a village and your romantic interest all while be told to kill the same monster over and over again in different locations. I never felt accomplished after beating a boss or scared to face anything whilst playing the game. The crafting allows a lot of options but the art style/ over all graphics of the game make me not care about when and what I will craft to replace my current gear.What I was expecting was a thrilling challenge, a variety of different monsters and animals, a living breathing outdoors to weather and visuals that make me proud of my kills/ gear.What I got was a demon slaying cruise including the drink package, the same monster over and over again, a map that made me question the entire premise of the game and boring boss battles wear we gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥every challenge and received the same weapons and move sets with different color palates.It's not bad, but it's not a Monster Hunting game by any means."
,Not Recommended,551730,30679054,Posted: 22 March,all,Admiral Oblivious,"Mouse and Keyboard support is not present in anykind of usefull manner. The menues are not fully translated, nore do they indicare the correct keys on a keyboard. When it says press any key, it does not mean press any key. And, the Resolution settings do not support 16:10 or higher aspect ratios, nore is anything above 1920 X 1080 supported.All told a slopy port done in a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥manner. I recomend only playing it, if you output to a TV and have a controler. It would be nice to actualy get to play the game, but as I do not have a controler handy...They really need to add Requiers a Controler to the min system requierments. Preferably, they need to fully support KB&M. Maybe in a patch."
,Not Recommended,551730,30718040,Posted: 24 March,all,Sloooth07,"Same resolution and aspect ratio issue that existed in DQH, OPPW3 and Berserk (may go back further, but I have not touched any prior games), where image is stretched to your native monitor resolution regardless of in-game resolution settings and any sort of hardware/software aspect ratio scaling settings you may have on your PC. With my 1920x1200 monitor, I had to modify my monitor driver to change the native resolution to a 16:9 resolution to get the games display at the correct aspect ratio.Considering this and the many other technical issues with the above-mentioned games, none of them got any sort of fix released by Koei Tecmo. Which speaks to me that these ports are basically quick cash grabs and they have little or no intention from the onset to provide any sort of support for these games.I lived with the issues on DQH and used community-released fixes for OPPW3. Refunded Berserk because I knew it would likely not receive the same amount of support from the community as OPPW3 and tried (and subsequently refunded) Toukiden 2 because I was naive to hope that KT would have upped their game and fixed this issue by now.In summary, is it a bad game? Based on reviews I'd say no, but this, however, is definitely a bad port, so I recommend that everyone skip this and go for the Vita version because based on the limited time I had with the game, the game models, textures, lighting and physics are very much Vita level of quality."
76561198051503006,Recommended,551730,30715868,Posted: 24 March,all,Prins499 (TOOPK),"Monster hunter for pc,It has a chest slider 5/7"
76561198253772199,Recommended,551730,30724183,Posted: 25 March,all,Anggi,Very good game. 9/10
,Not Recommended,551730,31267899,Posted: 20 April,all,Krech,"It is such a shame that I have to recommend against this purchase.  The actual gameplay is rather nice, honestly, but the interface, the networking, the inefficient use of the CPU/GPU, and basically just... the entire experience.  This game should have been a 10/10, but due to all the technical issues, I can't give this more than a 2/10.  Truly pathetic performance."
76561198062225687,Not Recommended,551730,30783329,Posted: 27 March,all,Thankyou41095,bosses just kinda stand there
,Not Recommended,551730,35328353,Posted: 30 September,all,Rei,"No 16:10 support, beware."
,Not Recommended,551730,30917351,Posted: 3 April,all,FacepalmRunner,"Another classic port from KOEI...1. It's buggy. Even after a couple of updates, there are still many bugs in game. Some of the worst are can't saving game, game crashing or get stucked at loading screen.2. It has a FPS issue. This game 's CPU usage is abnormally high. My situation is not very serious ,but I still need to wait until the loading ends everytime which is really frustrating.Even considering only the game content, although it's not really a bad game, but definitely not worth the price. If you really want to play it, wait for a discount."
76561198368074931,Not Recommended,551730,30711511,Posted: 24 March,all,nebula,game crash in the beginning . better wait for next fix
76561198018379850,Not Recommended,551730,31732510,Posted: 13 May,all,Mr.Pink,"I bought the game, installed without issues, made sure I had my drivers and w7 updated and tried to run the game. As it happens with other users, the game allows me to config its graphical settings, and once those are confirmed, the game simply closes.Some users are able to play, others don't. There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason as to why you're either able, or unable to play, so purchase at your own risk.Those who are allowed to play, sing it plenty of praise. If you're feeling lucky, buy it and test your luck, otherwise, stay away until a complete version comes out, or this known issue is solved."
76561198060502964,Not Recommended,551730,31082593,Posted: 11 April,all,Tides,Terrible controls. Unable to modify controls. Controls referring to playstation buttons.
,Not Recommended,551730,35101837,Posted: 21 September,all,Bones™,"About as monotonous and tedious a MH clone as you're ever likely to find. £50 is an absurd amount of money to pay for such a bland product. You have two options for playing this game - attempt to solo it and fail every mission, or play with an AI group and simply mash your attacks until the oni falls over."
76561198158125034,Not Recommended,551730,31068780,Posted: 10 April,all,Azure,"This game is amazing, if you are a fan of the genre, or Japanese folklore in general, get it!Good music, good gameplay, good game!HOWEVER...The one defect I have seen so far regards the poor port for PC.For some users, such as myself, when selecting Full Screen the game goes on an unplayable green screen.THERE IS A FIX!Ueki_Kosuke told of a solution for this, you can get a software called Borderless Gaming, either from Github, or even here on Steam.With this you can properly play on Full Screen instead of a tiny window on your screen.CONCLUSIONI am still giving it a negative, because this needed to be amongst the patch fixes that have been released so far, but it has not, when the developer gives an official fix you bet the review will change to a positive."
76561198142380372,Not Recommended,551730,31068318,Posted: 10 April,all,AfrikanViking,"Well... Keyboard is a NO! despite what they say its like pulling teeth, now dont give me that shhhzzz about its easy for you to play this with a keyboard, i aint trying to talk about you and your need to boast about your skills... simple... if youre not an adept keyboard gamer... this is gonna be like pulling your teeth all slow like while monsters beat you up endlessly... the game takes a while to get a hang of, so forget about learning everything in the first few minutes and maybe getting a Steam refund... nahFinal Score... 5/10Just because playing with a controller and endlessly mining boss after boss after boss in Multiplayer can be fun, oh yeah, thats right, no free roam multiplayer, is all them missions or GTFO, wich sucks"
76561198041548003,Not Recommended,551730,33112914,Posted: 1 July,all,Lucky Bob,Doesn't have story coop. It would've made the game decent. Playing solo in this game is unbarably boring. Online is dead.
76561198122198460,Not Recommended,551730,34209063,Posted: 13 August,all,Commander Cool89,"Running on a gaming laptop with a 960 geforce grfx card and still can't even run on the lowest settings.Bought it for the co-op, found out campaign lacks co-op. Refunded."
76561198151805686,Recommended,551730,30657640,Posted: 21 March,all,Punani Tsunami,Whut?
,Not Recommended,551730,30662664,Posted: 21 March,all,Whore Feelings,Great when it works but currently none of the fixes suggested by the community are fixing the crashing issues.If your play time is crash free then this game is a solid title.
,Not Recommended,551730,34470309,Posted: 24 August,all,Owls,"Honestly, I tried to get into Toukiden Kiwami. Spent a lot of hours on it, mostly to make my character look better. But I got sick of it because the combat is just so clunky. The everything is so clunky. It has great features but I can not stand how slow and awkward player actions are. You can't jump, when you start an attack you might as well go make a sandwich and wait for it to end because that's all you'll be doing. Hope the enemy doesn't move 2 inches to the side because you won't be redirecting it. It's just awkward and you'd think it would be improved upon but after a few runs through the second game I've realized that it hasn't. Don't bother seriously."
,Not Recommended,551730,33623247,Posted: 17 July,all,swift ♡,"it doesn't start after the launcher it just displays an error in japanese i've tried everything it didn't work and it would be a great game , IF THE GAME LAUNCHED WITHOUT ANY ERRORS"
76561197966295435,Not Recommended,551730,30678013,Posted: 22 March,all,Arika,"Not a bad game,but no mouse & keyboard support , God eater games was good with those."
,Not Recommended,551730,30718506,Posted: 24 March,all,rospec,"""Toukiden 2 has stopped working"" Crash at launch. Please fix this sh*t."
76561198142546837,Not Recommended,551730,33354138,Posted: 7 July,all,Rich The Kid,great game if it would start
,Not Recommended,551730,31618171,Posted: 7 May,all,Bontee,"WARNING: A Controller is REQUIRED to play this game.They should really tell you this somewhere on the store page...Oh wait... ""Partial Controller Support""Joking aside, be aware, this game is 100% NOT COMPATABLE with mouse.Edit: It seems I'm getting a lot of downvotes. Nothing I've said is untrue, and I'm not saying it's a bad game or anything, just that you should have a controller ready if you intend on getting it, as it's the only way you can properly play it."
,Not Recommended,551730,34355523,Posted: 19 August,all,Dédé,"If you want a game similar to Monster Hunter, look elsewhere. I cannot understand how this game is rated so positively by the community.The graphics are clearly not a selling point.The story is asinine, bland, stupidly catering to japanese anime tropes all the while lacking making the player a part of it. You have the illusion of choice with once in a while two ways to ""respond"" (ie, your souless husk of a character just nods) that has NO impact on anything happening. Even the ""guards vs samurai"" plot hook is a big illusion that you'll have any impact on the story. It's just abysmal.But the worst offender IMO, is the GAMEPLAY. Utterly bad, monsters are HP punching bags with very limited and predictable movesets, and terrible AI. You litteraly stand there mashing your buttons until you charge enough to instantly cut parts, then repeat. The game is EXTREMELY easy, AI companions could finish it on their own without you touching the controller. Seems like you can be revived an inifite number of times too. The weapons are varied, but there is no weight behind any hits you make, and there is nothing to reward controls mastery.I'll just stop there, honestly I find this game complete crap."
76561198009713513,Not Recommended,551730,30953851,Posted: 4 April,all,Grim Sorrow,"Crash alway at same place and no patch .Seem after a phew long week no change.No a weak computer fault. Play recent game on  max setting  Computer Information:Manufacturer:  ASUSModel:  All SeriesForm Factor: DesktopNo Touch Input DetectedProcessor Information:CPU Vendor:  GenuineIntelCPU Brand:  Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4770S CPU @ 3.10GHzCPU Family:  0x6CPU Model:  0x3cCPU Stepping:  0x3CPU Type:  0x0Speed:  3098 Mhz8 logical processors4 physical processorsHyperThreading:  SupportedFCMOV:  SupportedSSE2:  SupportedSSE3:  SupportedSSSE3:  SupportedSSE4a:  UnsupportedSSE41:  SupportedSSE42:  SupportedAES:  SupportedAVX:  SupportedCMPXCHG16B:  SupportedLAHF/SAHF:  SupportedPrefetchW:  SupportedNetwork Information:Network Speed:Operating System Version:Windows 10 (64 bit)NTFS:  SupportedCrypto Provider Codes:  Supported 311 0x0 0x0 0x0Video Card:Driver:  NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780DirectX Driver Name:  nvd3dum.dllDriver Version:  21.21.13.7892DirectX Driver Version:  21.21.13.7892Driver Date: 16 Mar 2017OpenGL Version: 4.5Desktop Color Depth: 32 bits per pixelMonitor Refresh Rate: 59 HzDirectX Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780VendorID:  0x10deDeviceID:  0x1004Revision:  0xa1Number of Monitors:  1Number of Logical Video Cards:  1No SLI or Crossfire DetectedPrimary Display Resolution:  1680 x 1050Desktop Resolution: 1680 x 1050Primary Display Size: 19.29"" x 12.60""  (23.03"" diag)49.0cm x 32.0cm  (58.5cm diag)Primary Bus: PCI Express 16xPrimary VRAM: 3071 MBSupported MSAA Modes:  2x 4x 8xSound card:Audio device: Haut-parleurs (Realtek High DefMemory:RAM:  8130 MbMiscellaneous:UI Language:  EnglishMicrophone:  Not setSteam Controller Cable and Base:  Not setMedia Type:  DVDTotal Hard Disk Space Available:  5912045 MbLargest Free Hard Disk Block:  3500044 MbOS Install Date: d?c. 31 1969Game Controller: XInput Controller #1 detectedVR Headset: None detected"
76561197990287175,Not Recommended,551730,30968216,Posted: 5 April,all,Azure,"Crashes after the tutorial, cannot play and it forces you to play through the tutorial after each crash. This is not worth £50."
76561198045315174,Not Recommended,551730,30717106,Posted: 24 March,all,Curseheart,"Game is region locked and overly complicated. I don't know why it recieved such great reviews, but I didn't enjoy it at all."
76561198065385435,Not Recommended,551730,30770519,Posted: 27 March,all,ez,"bad port, incomplete, required to play only using keyboard and only supports xbox controllers, good game but not meant for pc"
76561198257592156,Not Recommended,551730,31573030,Posted: 5 May,all,(｡◕‿◕｡),"Tried for hours to make it work. Google ""Toukiden 2 crash"" before buying.  This pc version has more bugs than charlie sheen's pubes."
76561198006031918,Not Recommended,551730,30847569,Posted: 30 March,all,thelegend27,This game is not for the PC gaming. There is no mouse configurations... Do not buy this game unless you intend to play with keyboard only or with a console.
76561198066501796,Not Recommended,551730,30691614,Posted: 23 March,all,Stardust Dragon,The game is way too repetitive and button mashy for me. Was fun for the first hour.
,Not Recommended,551730,30700047,Posted: 24 March,all,TheWynterKnight,"Game seems like a slightly more clunky Monster Hunter. Good art style and story from what I played (PS4). Overall a nice game. Giving the PC version a thumbs down because it does NOT support anything over 1080p/60. The 60fps cap is annoying but acceptable if the physics are locked to it or something, but admittedly we should strive for 60fps as a minimum, these days, not a maximum. 144hz monitors are becoming very cheap. The main issue is that anybody with a 1440p monitor can only play this at 1080, which does not scale very well to 1440, leading to a somewhat frustrating experience. Also because of that, the weird desktop scaling that has to happen when the game goes fullscreen causes a lot of issues with GSync monitors as well.Overall its a good game, just a rather bare bones PC port."
76561198052911635,Not Recommended,551730,31875874,Posted: 20 May,all,c01011101,"Do not buy.Game does not support mouse control at all. It will NOT allow you to register mouse buttons for input, and camera will not respond to your mouse.Stop buying console imports that treats PC players like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mouse is far superior input method for speed and precision, and I'm not going to start playing with ♥♥♥♥♥♥s to play a game."
76561198082116411,Not Recommended,551730,30658835,Posted: 21 March,all,Austin_Exe,it made me fight the same boss 4 time (oger) then Kazue or whoever thats supposed to give me my quests completly disapeared from the game :0
,Not Recommended,551730,30659745,Posted: 21 March,all,(ง’̀-‘́)ง,Microphones are using your steam settings but don't take push to talk so the microphone in multiplayer is always on.No mouse support.
76561198275410238,Not Recommended,551730,30919840,Posted: 3 April,all,546,How to refund
76561197989634916,Not Recommended,551730,30656298,Posted: 21 March,all,Malkavian Megalosaurus,"I really wanted to like this game since I played Toukiden Kiwami on PS4 and enjoyed it quite a bit, so an improved version on pc should have been awesome. Should have been.The game started with a small launcher, an oddity but not unheard of. It showed the launcher in Japanese by default, but it was easy to change this to English. After this I saw that windowed mode was also the default so I also changed this.But this is only the launcher right? Nope.When entering the menu I found out the prompts were for an xbox controller even though I didn't have one plugged in. Decided to change a few options first. Saw the video settings by default were locked to 30 fps so I changed this to 60 since they can't be unlocked also changed details to high from medium.This didn't affect gameplay for me, but I have a 1070 GTX so I am not exactly the ""average"" player on that front.After changing the video options I went to sound options and saw that sound is a slider that ranges from small to large instead of soft to loud or low to high. A small thing, but translation is kind of a big deal if you don't understand the original language (Japanese). Seeing the translation in the menu I decided to skip the story since I don't trust the translation.When starting to play I noticed the attention that character creation got which was nice. A lot of hairstyles etc. and quite a few sliders for things. It was nice to create the character I had on PS4 and improve on her appearance with more options.After this the game started and I started to test the controls in the ""tutorial"". I put tutorial between quotes since it showed controls for an xbox controller instead of mouse and keyboard.The first thing I noticed was that the mouse isn't used...at all. Instead you adjust the camera with G,H,J, and T while moving with W, A, S, and D. This came over really weird while playing, so I wanted to change the camera controls to numpad since mouse wasn't an option. As it turns out numpad cannot be used at all and neither can the arrows so you are pretty much stuck with awkward controls.After movement I tested attacking with J, I, K, and L. Picking up items requires you to press and hold O and using magic is done by holding O and pressing one of the attack keys.While pressing keys randomly I didn't get lock on to work and I was just about done with the entire control setup, but I decided to finish the tutorial with keyboard only and I can tell this game is absolute garbage when playing with keyboard since you need 3 hands with fingers ranging from A to L to play optimally without lock on.After the tutorial I plugged in a dualshock 4 controller noticed the game didn't acknowledge it. No biggy I will restart the game since it most likely is a bug with playing it in while playing. Again a no since the controller can't be used. I also noticed this with Dark Souls 3 and find it odd that a game that also releases on PS4 can't use a PS4 controller. With this game however I find it a bigger deal since this game only releases on PS4 and PC and can't even be used with the controller of 1 of the 2 platforms.This was the point where I decided to go for a refund since I was done. I dont want to control my character with W, A, S, and D while controlling the camera with T, F, G, H and also attacking with I, J, K, and L. The person who tested controls was either drunk and just said it was great or a mutant. Locking on might resolve the camera control issue, but when playing Kiwami I didn't use lock on all that much, so I don't want to adjust my playstyle in such a way just to get past a limitation in the controls that shouldn't be there.Maybe I will check the game again if it can be used with DS4 or when it has proper mouse and keyboard controls, but right now I just couldn't enjoy it at all and uninstalled it after the tutorial. I doubt it though."
,Not Recommended,551730,30656013,Posted: 21 March,all,NightcoreLounge,"I know I don't have much playtime and i know a lot of people will complain about that, but just stay with me for a second and let me explain.The game it self is a lot better then the first one.The graphics are okay.Its nothing to jump up and scream about, but it definitely does the job.(Could be more graphical settings in my opinion)The sounds track is nice and the sound engineering is on point.So why am I giving it a thumbs down?Because the games has no real mouse support at all.This is on PC and I know a lot of you will say: But games like this are meant to be played with a controller. And I agree! But you must understand not everyone will nor want to use a controller.Overall there are some minor issues while tabbing in and out of the game.But port-wise besides the mouse there is nothing major wrong it.It's a HUGE step-up from the first game they released on PC.Do I recommend getting the game now?Completely up to you, but my two cents are.If you are okay with the no real mouse support and the OK graphics then yes go for it.If you are not okay with these issues then I recommend waiting.PS: I know I talked mostly about the port, that's because I have not gotten to far in the game yet, but what i have seen so far its definitely an okay game.(I will change this review as I progress in the game)"
,Recommended,551730,30655952,Posted: 21 March,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Not Recommended,551730,30654909,Posted: 21 March,all,VegetaFH1,"No mouse supportDO NOT BUYYou can change from 30 to 60 fps from the launch menu aswell as many other optionsI fully realize this is a PC port of a console game, but get your act together, this is a PC, it uses mouse"
,Not Recommended,551730,30656625,Posted: 21 March,all,Ç | Baast,An action-hunting game on PC that doesn't allow player to use a mouse.
,Recommended,551730,30742781,Posted: 25 March,all,Kurisuuuuu,"This is a guide for the problems many including me have received such as crashes/freeze and high cpu usage.> Started to freeze multiple times while fighting the first imp battle during tutorial> Tried to play around the settings; doesn't work> Changed to windowed mode> Started to run perfect 60 fps and all settings on high ( turn particles to low at all times as it kind of f**ks some pc's up )> After getting pass the first 1 - 2 hours changed back to fullscreen and works perfectly fine till now.Extra: I went to buy a controller just for this game. Pretty worth it so far.Specs:Graphic card: GTX 1060 tiRAM: 12 GBProcessor: i5-4460 3.20 GHzWindows 7 , 64 bitTl;Dr : Play on windowed for the first hour then change to fullscreen. If issue not solved, refund it. And please change particles to low."
,Recommended,551730,30948961,Posted: 4 April,all,Cham? Jarred? Who knows?,"If you're into Monster Hunter and you're looking for a similar game on PC, this is about the best you can do. The gameplay is familiar enough that it's welcoming to Monster Hunter veterans, but there's also a lot of variance in the mechanics added by KT to set it apart. It feels closer to a hybrid of Monster Hunter and Phantasy Star.I've heard negative things about Kiwami, so I saw this as somewhat of a risk, but wasn't disappointed. I've heard that some people are having issues with CPU usage while playing, but I've not experienced that. Beyond that, it's pretty above average for a KT game port."
76561198050136471,Recommended,551730,30943787,Posted: 4 April,all,SpacialKatana,"This game fixes a lot of what Toukiden: Kiwami got wrong, making me think that was a 'beta' test for this game.Lots of QoL improvements, fast running to get where you want to go without fighting trash mobs. A proper 3D village this time, not the half baked 2.5D we had in the last offering and of course an open world to explore, not the disjointed areas we had to fight in last time.The areas themselves are all nicely rendered, each (Age) having its own distinct style and atmosphere. There's plenty to explore although the areas are not as detailed as in Skyrim etc, but they get the job done and the boss encounters you have wandering around are all well done.The story *cough* is the same pretty much as the first game, just a few years on *cough* time travel. It's alright, not the best but far from the worst, but most importantly works well in the game, nudging you into new areas you may or may not have already explored.Sound for the most part is good, but not all of the script is voice acted. If anything this is my main gripe with the game. Your companions chatter as you explore the world, fight bosses but most of the time as a non Japanese speaker I have no clue what's being said!Graphics are....not PC master race, but overall more than adequate for this style of game. The 60FPS lock is a welcome upgrade in this edition of the game, and it flies along nicely on my rig @1080The bossfights are 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon' stylee , did I mention crafting? Pets? Lots of cool looking armours to mix and match?If like me you bought Kiwami, I'd say wait for 50% sale, as the two games are VERY similar. If upgraded graphics, a new world and new fighting tricks are your bag, I'd recommend this to you without hesitation."
,Recommended,551730,30937862,Posted: 4 April,all,pure_havoc408,"At first I actually try refunding the game because I felt like it was more appropriate on the PS4 than PC. The refund request wasn't approve so now I'm stuck with it. I played the first Toukiden on the Vita but not the 1.5 expansion or whatever. I beat it and it was alright, Toukiden brings more to the table. The open world-ish part of the game leaves room for exploring and slaying oni. You can fast travel to points around the map so it isn't all too borig running. The story is pretty interesting too, reminds me of the Israeli and Palestinian conflict, and feels a lot longer compare to the first one."
76561198007987483,Recommended,551730,30926815,Posted: 3 April,all,Grytznik,"This is a solid game. I'm terribly picky about games. As of about 50 hours into the game I've beaten everything there is to offer, and have maxed gear. Killed every demon and conquered every challenge. There isn't really any replayability or endgame, but that's ok.I'm confident that you'll get 1$ / hour entertainment out of this product, which is really all you can ask for.Crafting is complex, and beating the game isn't really that grindy.I primarily purchased this for multiplayer, but the singleplayer should be played through as it will help you get geared, and you NEED the inventory space upgrades.Controller is required to have fun with this game. Not in the way that people think games like ""For Honor"" need a controller (it doesn't), but this game basically has no KB+M support. Possible to play without controller, but you'll have a terrible experience.This game is really fun with friends.This game is not very hard. My only complaint is that the content isn't challenging enough."
76561197975912077,Recommended,551730,30828354,Posted: 30 March,all,Vicarious,"SCORE7 / 10TLDR–Beautiful Graphics, Soundtrack, and free of crashes and bugs.  Toukiden 2 is a gem of a game if you are willing to learn it’s systems and mechanics.POSITIVESGraphics are extremely impressive, and it runs at a solid 60fps without any hiccups.  Even when the screen is teaming with action.Impressive array of weaponry, each with their own special moves and combat styleNEGATIVESWith regards to the systems used by Toukiden 2.  There are many, many pieces to the machine.  It could be a turn off for those looking for a simpler hack and slash type of game.It suffers from some of the typical issues of similar games created for the Asian market first, and the Western audience second.  Sentence structure, grammar, etc...  Although to a far lesser degree than some other titles.DATE REVIEWED3/30/2017PLAYTIME3 HoursMore Game Reviews"
,Recommended,551730,30864087,Posted: 31 March,all,Xerxes,"This game is very funKindve a long intro, and doesn't really explain muchBut once you get a hang of what's going on it's very cool! Not too complicated. Starts out as a hack and slash, but if you play on the hardest difficulty you gotta learn boss mechanics. That's where over 1000 hours of wow comes in handy. The online feature kindve sucks for NA if you don't have friends that own the game. Regardless, it's awesome when you're walking around late at night and suddenly a huge monster appears and scares the feces out of you!"
76561198073243519,Recommended,551730,30832514,Posted: 30 March,all,-=Terry East=-,"I didn't have any problem since release, i7-3770s, GTX960 2G, 8G ram; run nicely.The game itself is well ported, since this game is from PS4 and vit, it is designed with controller in mind, so can your self a controller if you want enjoy this game. i use PS3 controller + scptoolkit(simple installation).Personally i like Monster Hunter and God Eaters kind of game, plus this game have open world to run around which make the game world more alive."
76561198055798430,Recommended,551730,30885161,Posted: 1 April,all,IndieFox,"TL;DR - If you have a controller, buy the game if you love hunting action RPG's like Monster Hunter.- If you do not have a controller, go buy one, then see above.What can I say about this game that hasen't been said yet? Nothing, it's amazing. Period. No argument. Done.Truthfully, this game is a gem, I got quite of bit of FPS drops while playing fullscreen, but now that I'm playing in windowed mode, it's not lagging at all. Window mode doesn't bug me so I'm okay with it. Plus my PC isn't the best right now so that contributes to it as well. The weapons feel good to use, I'm tempted to say this game is better than Monster Hunter in some ways. Story is okay so far, I haven't gotten too far with it, but it seems decent for a hunting game.If my review changes with playtime I'll update it accordingly, but so far I'm not seeing anything to dislike here."
76561198058664892,Recommended,551730,30907830,Posted: 2 April,all,blackandbluepsalm,"Solid port, runs without a hitch. The gameplay my get repetative after a while but you have a wide range of weapns with different mechanics. If I had one major complainnt is that the map is a paiin but other than that I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys Monster-Hunter  type games."
76561198112171849,Recommended,551730,30933081,Posted: 3 April,all,Spirit_Of_The_Wolf,"I am absolutely loving it.  I don't generally like dropping full price down on a game; so when I did for Toukiden 2, I was already prepared to go for a refund at the slightest inkling of dissatisfaction. However, after about 1 hour, I had determined to keep the game beyond all doubt. The combat is fun and quite fluid (though fluidity does somewhat depend on the skill of the player). The graphics, while nothing to write home about, are of a passing grade (especially for a psvita? port) and it runs well.The good weapon selection and simplistic way of creating a decently in-depth combat system is a breath of fresh air for games like this (Monster Hunter-esque) and is still diverse enough in its simplicity to allow for a wide variety of playstyles.Due to the nature of real life and exstensiveness of some games, I am often unable to bring myself to fully complete a game's main storyline (looking at you every bethesda game ever made) before moving on to a new pastime. Toukiden 2 however, will make it onto that small list of games I have enjoyed enough to complete.I haven't yet experienced multiplayer, but from what I have experienced, it is a big thumbs up from me.8/10P.S. This isn't freaking monster hunter. Is it similar? Yes, is it the same? Heck no. People who give negative reviews that include the phrase ""monster hunter"" should be ignored for the most part since most are just fan boys that are upset that this ISN'T monster hunter. Monster hunter is (IMO) unbearably slow and pointlessly grindy. Plus the combat feels clunky and underwhelming. Toukiden 2's combat is fast paced and fun while the game isn't overly grindy for the most part. Also, while monster hunter does win out in number of monsters available to fight, the amount of INTERESTING monsters to fight in toukiden doesn't lose out (again IMO)."
,Recommended,551730,31178734,Posted: 16 April,all,군대감(in military now),"first what I want to say is that this one has better port than first one- 60 fps- whole game work fine on my laptop which had only under 30 fps on toukiden: kiwamiBut if you really consider to buy now, I recommand you to wait for a while, cuz surely the toukiden 2: kiwami gonna come soon.But anyway I luv this more than toukiden kiwami"
,Recommended,551730,30789110,Posted: 28 March,all,BossaNova,"This game is super stylish, got a nice world with good variation to enjoy, but the battle mechanics of this game are really pretty awful.  Just beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this thing for 5-30 minutes depending on if you are properly equiped to handle the oni in question.Exploting weaknesses is very difficult due to two thing in particular, not being able to swap to another weapon that deals the proper damage type, or not having a weapon OR elemental node around to deal proper elemental damage.  The type of game that handled dealing NOTICIABLE damage better was Dragons Dogma: Dark Arisen, where all boss monsters had a weakpoint that was sometimes hard to reach/activate, but when you hopped on it and started wailing away during the brief window of vulnrability, you'd see yourself dealing meaningful damage.  And monsters with strict elemental weaknesses were placed around objects in the world that dealt that type of damage, so you weren't always SOL.  And if you were SOL, you could always just peace out and wait until you could bring proper equipment.  In Toukiden, you feel like you wasted time if you abandon a fight since you know even when you bring better equipment it's still going to be a slog.That's really the worst thing about this game, but still, I'd been wanting to play a Monster Hunter-like game forever.  And the combat stayed semi-tense enough for me to complete the game and almost complete the endgame.Minor annoying things:-Voice acting in non-cutscene interactions become less frequent after about halfway into the game, actually maybe non-existent.-Freedom to use the grappling hook is pretty limited, and not fast/convenient enough to use to dodge or gain distance-After a month and a half after release, worst fears confirmed, seems to be an endless stream of micro-dlc coming out and not any sort of balancing updates, which is certainly needed for this game to be more than a two-week stand and ascend into legitimate game status-At the end game, you are looking to make better gear, which always requires materials from a certain oni, which you may not have seen before.  Due to the sometimes vague encyclopedia descriptions, this is complete luck stumbling upon the oni you want to farm.  For damn near all the end game oni, the region is not given in the encyclopedia and you are stuck guessing locations based on known locations of similiar oni.  And since this is such a new game, there is/was no wiki to easily find the location.Good things:-Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is anime as hell and super stylish.  This is a big reason I still recommend this game.  Watching the animations is super satisfying to put it lightly.-Mitama (basically your equiped skill cards) combinations are fun to make work, and while this left me sitting in the main village perusing the Mitama menu for literal hours due to the large number of Mitama available and combinations, both hidden and obvious, was another reason I could stomach the bullet-sponge style of combat.-Translations seem to be on point and make sense, no google-translate nonsense here.-Exploring the world to find new oni that weren't hand fed to you during the main story is exciting, and while the list of ""hidden"" oni is a fraction of the obvious ones, it's still satisfying to find them, reskins or not.Enjoyable, had the potential to be absolutely phenominal, but fell short.  If only they had refused the bullet-sponge style of combat.And TOUKIDEN WINS HYPEST TRAILER OF THE YEAR EVERY YEAR."
,Not Recommended,551730,30657922,Posted: 21 March,all,Liquid fan,The graphics of this game are so ugly. I won't pay 60 dollar for it. It is only worth 6 dollar for me for such bad graphics.
76561198033626135,Recommended,551730,31621796,Posted: 8 May,all,[-Rag3-]*Lcie ^Ic3^R1,"monster hunter lover? a game similar to monster hunter but with a story line.only a little pricey, game play is awesome, tons of armor and weapon ^^"
76561198050049275,Recommended,551730,30976208,Posted: 6 April,all,Paz,"First day play this game with keyboard -""What the heck is this?""Couple days later, brought a Controller for this game.My life is never the same again.[i/]"
,Recommended,551730,30792421,Posted: 28 March,all,Oak SK135,Like Monster Hunter but with waifu(s.)
,Recommended,551730,30792498,Posted: 28 March,all,Makuren,"This game is a great time sink and you will spend many hours enjoying the story and gameplay alone. I am only half way done through the single player and MP content and I must say this is a great introductory game for the monster hunter type genre.You go out in the wilderness to defeat oni and gaint bosses and use your plunder to create weapons and armor. You can also upgrade weapon and armor statistics and even reforge your weapon to something more powerful. There are 11 weapons available with different playstyles and many different hero soul (Mitama) abilities to really customize that play style.People say that the game is on the easy side of difficulty and I can agree. The AI partners do a bang up job killing oni, too good of a job to be quite honest. I assure you though that the variation and the ramping up in difficulty will happen, near the end game!Another refreshing take is multiplayer coop dungeons. You can go down 5-10-endless of a dungeon and fight a boss oni at every level. The deeper you go, the harder it becomes but the larger the payout!Given that there isn't much going on for PC for ""monster hunter"" type games, I give this a 9/10!"
,Recommended,551730,30785433,Posted: 27 March,all,Mamizou ♥,"For over $50 this is an unnaceptable port. Poor optimaztion causes the game to use the entirety of my CPU on random loading screens as well as in parts of the open world making it unplayable well over half the time. I've also had it crash whenever I try to launch in full screen.Edit: After forcing the game to use my GPU, the loading hangs and FPS drops are gone (so far). Keep this in mind if you're having issues. For those not willing to risk possible issues like this or who are unable to fix them, i'd say still avoid this game in it's current state."
,Recommended,551730,30805343,Posted: 28 March,all,Aur,"I gotta say I am impressed. I loved the first game, and now this game. Brings a tear to my eye when I have to sleep because I am going to miss it until I play again."
76561198147159381,Recommended,551730,30804700,Posted: 28 March,all,cookiedragon,"Firstly totally should have a controllersecond cool game enough but its a newbie monster hunter game .its a lot easier since you have a *demon hand* which is like a grapling hook from zelda or attack on titan propulser together which is niceits does become repetitive at some point since you dont get new skill but at least new powerful monster or oni.i recommend switching weapon in the game to make it more fun jungling with another weapon.There is end game content which consist of making the world game harder *hard mode*online mode is not making another person join your storyline game but to join mission to farm or grind material barely anyone in online mode .open world is barely interesting since your equipements doesnt need to much finding material to craft .So dont buy the game for the open world.i recommends this game for people who like concept of killing boss together and enjoy easy average mode ,its not a hard game at alli rate it 7.5/10 it has its down"
,Recommended,551730,30757626,Posted: 26 March,all,The Emperor Provides,"Now that you can disable voice chat on multiplayer, this game has improved significantly."
,Recommended,551730,34428370,Posted: 22 August,all,Vizero,This game is amazing if you want to burn a few hours it isn't the best port wise but it's awesome for what it is
