user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,552590,32259156,Posted: 7 June,all,SefrZ,"I bought this game based on the soundtrack and a small glimpse of the gameplay. I didn't know what to expect other than an amazing soundtrack. What I got was a work of art. While the puzzles themselves are not overly difficult and the replay value may not be high given the nature of a puzzle game, the entertainment I received was well worth the money.The Sexy Brutale flips the idea of a murder mystery on its head. You know who the killers are, you know how the victims die, and you have to use time travel to prevent them. The art style is beautiful, the atmosphere macabre. The deaths are creative outside of the tutorial murder. The world feels alive with each guest and each murderer moving about the house. The music is excellent - the main theme is something I could listen to for hours.I highly, highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,552590,33019605,Posted: 29 June,all,Psyringe,"An intricately crafted time-loop murder mysteryIn The Sexy Brutale, you are a guest to a masked ball in a huge, ostentatious mansion - and like everyone else in that mansion, you are stuck in a time loop that resets ever 12 hours. Within these 12 hours, the staff off the mansion is killing the guests one by one. Your task is to prevent the murders, find out what is going on, and eventually break the loop.Your presence is somewhat ghost-like. You cannot talk to or otherwise interact with other people (actually you have to hide from them), but you can investigate and manipulate objects as long as no one else is in the room. To prevent a murder, you first have to observe the actions of the characters, by peeking through keyholes into neighboring rooms, listening in on conversations, or hiding in cupboards. Once you understand the sequence of events, you need to find a way to break it, e.g. by manipulating a murder weapon before the killer picks it up. This creates puzzles which aren't overly complex, but imaginative and varied.There are 6 of such murder cases to solve, with some of them having more than one murder to prevent. Saving a victim will give you access to another area of the mansion, where the next murder is taking place. You will also gain additional powers from each saved victim, which can be used to gain more information and reveal secrets throughout the mansion, giving you a reason to revisit areas you've already been to.I found the puzzles and the mechanics of this game very engaging. Observation-based gamescaneasily become a bit boring due to the passivity of the main gameplay mechanic, and games with a time-loop mechaniccaneasily get repetitive - but The Sexy Brutale never felt that way. I always found new interesting details. I felt that I was unraveling an intricately designed mystery, step by step, and the repetition of events affirmed me that my understanding of that mystery kept growing. (Also, once you prevented a murder, you don't have to repeat that ever again.)I enjoyed the story and characters quite a lot. The characters are very distinct, you learn many little details about them, and the ending was appropriate and very touching.The game's presentation is gorgeous. The graphics look splendid, and there is a lot of variation between the areas and rooms. The same goes for the music, especially the jazzy tones for the bar and casino evoke the atmosphere of such an upper-class establishment at some time in the last century perfectly. The sound design also integrates exceptionally well with the gameplay: sometimes you get audio cues from neighboring rooms, and certain events can be heard in the entire mansion. There is no voice acting, but I did not miss it.For me, The Sexy Brutale was an amazing adventure, and I am really struggling to find something to criticize - apart from the godawful and completely misleading name. My biggest concern are probably the controls - keys cannot be rebound, and the control scheme assumes that the keys Z, X, 1, and 3 are close together since you have to press them frequently, often in time-critical moments. That's a problem for French, German, and Dvorak keyboards, and it's very disappointing that such an integral feature was overlooked in a game that is otherwise so finely polished.Some players also complained about the game's length, but I think 20€ list price for a well-designed, highly polished game that took me 8 hours to solve and 10 hours to fully complete, are appropriate. Given that I have much less time now than I had 20 years ago, I actually appreciate games that pack high-quality content into an experience that can be fully had in a day or two. The Sexy Brutale fits that bill perfectly.I recommend this game wholeheartedly to everyone who likes adventure games and murder mysteries, especially if you have an eye for details and like the setting."
,Recommended,552590,31380999,Posted: 26 April,all,Venceremos,"TL;DR:|Recommended. A Flawed Masterpiece, an adventure game built around the idea to rewind a set period of time like Majora's Mask. The game lacks general polishing but the core mechanic, story, aesthetics and music scores are great -- the game could have been greater, should the map and abilities have been fully utilized.In the Sexy Brutale, time's of the essence...Rewinding a set period of time is novel but not really a new idea. On screen we have seen movies such as Groundhog Day, Run Lola Run and recently Edge of Tomorrow -- there's even one X-Files episode built around this idea (S06E14). However, in video games, it's still rather innovative and refreshing, if executed correctly, i.e. Majora's Mask, but we don't see good games built around this mechanic often -- by deliberately mentioning mechanic, I exclude games merely featuring a time travel or time loop story. And now, we have the Sexy Brutale:In the Sexy Brutale, you relive one day until you put an end to it.The masquerade is a trap, the pocket watch the key. The action of guests and staff the puzzle, and to preserve life your goal. Each action they perform is assigned to a specific time, making their death inevitable -- that is, until you, Lafcadio, intervene and break the cycle of timed tragedy. And that, is the core gameplay: you stalk them (you are not allowed to confront anyone face to face) and study their death. Each time you fail, the day starts over, until you manage to save them, which in turn unlocks new abilities and areas to further your show in that looping Saturday, in that haunted mansion -- until you discover the truth buried underneath.This mechanic combined with theheartily designed mansion-- with its every nook and cranny full of exquisite details -- brings forth a wondrous experience. Throughout the game you are growing increasingly familiar with the corridors, halls and chambers, unearthing the story behind them and the guests. Which leads to...Itsgreat narrative. At first, you are going to be confused. Names you don't know seem to be randomly popping out, characters talking about things that are completely irrelevant -- you can't even portray them, everything is arbitrarily and randomly throw at you. However, as you progress along the story, things start to make sense, suddenly you can understand perfectly what Mr. A is talking about, why are Ms. B and Mr. C having a conversation concerning Ms. D, why is Mr. E doing this at that time. Withtons of flavor textthat do absolutely nothing to the gameplay but world building, the Sexy Brutale and its guests just seem so vivid. That being said, the main plot is nice too, though they didn't choose the most subtle way to conclude the story, the ending is still impressive and left me with satisfaction.One must atone for the sins, but it's also time to move on.Aside from gameplay and narrative, the game offerswonderful and consistent aesthetics, which enhance the sense of extravaganza and eerieness of the mansion, andbeautiful music scoresthat corresponding to the current location, time and event.The exposition is amazingas well: fixed camera angles and the way you peek through doors allowed developers to decide not only what you can see, but also how you see them, delivering some spectacular scenes. Sound effects are also well designed and placed: after several rewinds, you will know which sound indicates what event: A gunshot around 4 o'clock means the death of Mr. A; bell tolls for the untimely demise of Ms. B.But alas! The game is far from perfect. Although the sound design is informative and decent, it can be obnoxious at times. While the map design is exquisite, each ""mission"" is rather segmented, rarely demanding you to traverse the map, leaving the abilities and areas a bit underwhelming and not fully utilized, and thus the puzzles are often too easy: there was even once I just stumbled upon the solution without realizing it. Level design just ceases to improve when there's plenty of room for the game to be great.I hate to admit, but the game could really use some time to work on general polishing. Wonky UI, jerky control, awkward animations and occasional framerate shutter just give the game -- an attentively designed and produced game -- a sense of cheapness. That said, I do cherish my experience playing the Sexy Brutale.Now for something completely irrelevant. You may stop reading and move towards the next review if you haven't made your decision.1. The game is short. I beat it in 6 hours and I believe that's average, which makes its $20 price a bit steep. But I also believe that play time does not necessarily justify the price; experience does. For those who thinks every dollar should provide 2~3 hours of play time, think about how bland checklisty sandboxes are.2. Oh boy, though flawed, this game should have totally been a bigger shot, but two things happened. Firstly, for the love of god Tequila Works is so bad at marketing. Not the notorious way of bad, but the awkward way and it's almost making me sad. I think it's safe to say it beats every other indie sharing the same release time, making it eligible to be the game of the day. Well, surprise madafaka, out of nowhere then came Bayonetta PC, with not even the slightest hint, she just charged into the battlefield and smashed everything down to pieces. I'm not saying Bayo is a bad game -- it's great, it's one of the best action games PC has to offer. It's just not very honorable for a 3A game (aight, a remake of a 3A game) from a major publisher such as SEGA to launch a sudden assault. Indie games avoid overlapping their release date with 3As for a reason, given that major publishers usually have the basic decency to disclose release dates. Fingers crossed, I hope RiME have better luck -- if it does have the quality in the first place."
76561198003030375,Recommended,552590,33901457,Posted: 30 July,all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"The Sexy Brutale:~~~~~~~~~~~~~You can’t believe it; you just received an invitation from the marquis of the sexy brutale casino mansion. No wonder you have a smile from Sydney to Paris. Well, that was before you found yourself lying down in the middle of a room, incapacitated and left for dead. That’s until a strange red, bloody female persona touched your party mask and warned you of someone strong within the mansion. Let’s face it, Mr. Lafcadio Boone, you are far from being young. But today is Saturday again and guests will die; the only person who can save them is you. Welcome to The Sexy Brutale!The Sexy Brutale is an adventure / puzzle game where you play one of the Marquis’ guests, named Lafcadio Boone, who has to try to save other guests from death.At the start of the game, your character will come back to his senses as soon as the bloody red female persona appears and talks to him. From here, you’ll go through a very thorough and well-designed tutorial. You will understand how the mechanics of the game works and it will give you a very good insight into how to save the first guest.The idea behind this game is, to be frank with you, just brilliant. You will relive this incredible Saturday over and over again.  The gameplay itself is a point and click setup. The interesting aspect of the game is that you (the player) have to figure out how to save specific guests by literally spying from door keyholes and collecting unique items within the mansion.  This will give you access to different rooms in the mansion. As you successfully save guests, you’ll acquire their party masks, which will give your character additional skills, such as improved hearing, the ability to see ghosts, and more. However, you’ll need to bear in mind that after twelve hours, this interesting Saturday will start all over again. One of the tricks is to find clocks within the mansion and rewind them to become your next spawning point. The other trick is to carefully study the guests’ movements via the map display, where you can move the clock forward or backward to see where the guests were within the mansion.In regards to characters, you can’t miss the mansion employees; they wear this strange gas mask with a spade printed at the back of the head. It’s always good to spy on them, as you might learn something useful, such as passwords. You can spy through keyholes or hide in wardrobes to discover hidden doors or important tips.Let me say it up front, I love playing point and click adventure games and I’m pretty sure that The Sexy Brutale will become a classic - it probably already is! This is just a brilliant game.Great graphics and the game runs very well. I really enjoy the soundtrack; it elevates the game to another level.Positives:~~~~~~~-	Great Graphics-	Fun puzzles-	Great concept-	Achievements and trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	Where is my Sunday?!The Sexy Brutale is a fabulous adventure / puzzle game. To be honest with you, I’ll think twice when receiving my next Masked Ball party invitation!9/10Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!EPIC “THE CPT FROGGY” REVIEWS UP NOW ON ZEEPOND, THE HOME OF THE ALMIGHTY FROG!'FOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561198083789670,Recommended,552590,32817985,Posted: 26 June,all,Yosht,"I really enjoyed my time with this game. It is a puzzle game with no action so you can really take your time with every aspect of every puzzle.You have to save people from being murdered and when you do, you get new powers. The time loop mechanic makes it possible to explore multiple areas in the same period of time, gradually building a bigger picture. You can find out a great deal about victims and murderors by following them around. The story kept me going and I really like the ending.It is rather short and I'm not entirely certain of its replay value but at the same time it is not very expensive as games go so it offers very good value for its price. It kept me engaged almost the whole time I played it, which is very rare.The soundtrack is some of the best I've ever heard and I like the arstyle."
,Recommended,552590,33778350,Posted: 24 July,all,Emperor Gandhi,"DespiteThe Sexy Brutale'sodd choice for a title, I've been keeping an eye on this game since it was first announced. I'm not a huge puzzle game guy, but I lovedMajora's Mask'stime rewinding elements and it's not every day that you get to play a game with time travelling mechanics. I didn't have high expectations walking in, because of my disinterest in puzzle games. However, I was thoroughly impressed with this game, and was compelled enough to complete it in one sitting, something that isextremely rarefor me to do. There's definitely some room for improvement, but I would be lying if I said I didn't have a great time playing this hidden gem.GraphicsFirst of all, this artstyle wasn't my cup of tea at first glance. Similar to my experience withFuri, I thought this game looked rather ugly based off of the screenshots. However, just likeFuri, I was quite shocked by how good everything looked once I played it. The mansion itself oozes charm, with the different areas where you rescue the victims all being unique in different ways, which made the puzzles quite fun to watch when you completed them. All of the guests' appearances are just as varied as the areas are, with everyone looking interesting in their own way. However, the visuals are held back by some animation problems, namely when one of the guests starts singing and their mouth is out of sync with the music.GameplayI wouldn't call this gameinnovative, as there are plenty of games that have used a time travelling mechanic well, however these games come out very rarely. This means thatThe Sexy Brutaleis quite a breath of fresh air in the abundance of open world games that have plagued 2017. The game flows very nicely, and there wasn't a point where I felt something was dragged out for too long or way too short. As much fun as I had with this, the gameplay also showed quite a few glaring problems I had with this game. The controls, at least on PC, are awful. I constantly misclicked and nearly screwed up massively. There's also no way to change them, so I was stuck dealing with the poor controls for my entire playthrough. The puzzles, while they were pretty satisfying to complete, weren't very hard at all. I was able to save most, if not all of the guests on my first or second attempt, usually not knowing what I was doing. Despite all of this, the gameplay is still pretty solid in my opinion.StoryAt the time of this review, I'm also playing throughNieR: Automata, and I noticed a very interesting aspect found in both games. This aspect I'm referring to is how both games are great at hopping from being lighthearted and humorous to being dark and philosophical. I don't want to spoil the game, however I will say thatThe Sexy Brutalehas nailed the tone down. When I started making some progress in the game, I noticed a few little details that seemed out of place, and I was concerned that it was due to a lack of polish. Luckily, all of my concerns were put to rest during the very satisfying finale to the game. Some might not like it, however I thought it was an appropriate way to conclude the game. The main story was interesting from start to finish, and I loved every second of it. The characters had a lot of depth to them, and there wasn't a single guest I was saving where I thought to myself, ""Why do I have to save this guy? He's a total♥♥♥♥♥♥"" If I really had any complaint here, I would've loved to see the game get even more in-depth with some of the characters. There were definitely some interesting things I noticed that could've been touched up on a little.AudioI'm a huge fan of Electro Swing music, and I enjoy playing jazz music. Seeing it in action here gave my ears an ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but I also loved how subtle the details in the music were. The music changes based off of what's currently happening in the area you're at, and that rush you feel when the music becomes increasingly hectic gave me a sense of dread I don't normally feel in soundtracks for any form of entertainment. Just do yourself a favor and listen to the music on Youtube. I don't need to say any more about that. There's no voice acting, but I didn't really mind because it would've probably been distracting and would've messed with some of the game's mechanics. The sound effects are also top-notch, as they're also very subtle and help play a part in signifying when a guest is killed. All the little audio details fit together nicely, and for a musician like myself, this type of interconnectivity is extremely satisfying and an absolute pleasure to listen to. Where the audio falls short, however, is in the transitions. Why? Well, there's no transition. Want to look at your map? BOOM. Sudden cut to different music. Enter a room with ghosts in it? Well, prepare for some horribly obnoxious earrape. I felt this killed the mood a little bit and removed any tension and suspense that was building up. If they spent some time adding some form of transition between pieces, then that buildup won't abruptly go away.ReplayabilityAlthough the game itself isn't very long, it stays consistently interesting and doesn't overstay its welcome. Because of this, I'm actually considering going back and 100%ing this game, something that I almost never do. I'll give this category some extra credit for being a fun game to 100%, despite it not being too difficult.VerdictTo conclude,The Sexy Brutalewas a pleasant little surprise and it kept me entertained the whole time. The game lacks general polish, but otherwise you're looking at one of 2017's most underrated gems. If you're uncertain about it, then wait until a sale. Otherwise, your $20 will be well spent putting it towards this game.Graphics- 8.5/10Gameplay- 7.5/10Story- 9.5/10Audio- 9.5/10Replayability- 6.0/10.:8.2/10:.""Great""+ Unique and fleshed out characters+ Satisfying ending+ Extremely good soundtrack+ Compelling main story+ Changes the tone very smoothly+ Gorgeous art style+ Consistently interesting mechanics- Puzzles are too simple- Lacks polish in general- Odd controls"
,Recommended,552590,31449066,Posted: 29 April,all,Dominhiho,"It's Ghost trick but all the deaths happen in the same time period.For example while you're saving one person from death, you'll be hearing noises coming from all around the mansion that pertain to other people's deaths. The music plays into this quite a bit as the intensity of the soundtracks will increase as important events happen. It's consistently reminding you of all the murders that are taking place around you no matter where you are. You'll end up thinking to yourself by the end of the game ""There's the bell toll, that means 'so-and-so' died, there's the gunshot..."". It helps with timing things too which is good.The sleuth mechanics of the game are neat although they can be easily abused. I never felt like the guests in the rooms posed much of a threat as I could always sprint across without any trouble and there was never really a need to hide in a room unless you wanted to hear a conversation play out without peeking through a keyhole. If anybody enters a room you are in you can always just go through the door they came in second later with no consequence.This could have been designed a bit better by having the guests collidable or making the masks a bit quicker and more dangerous. For dead ends there could be more hiding places, and not just wardrobes either. This would have encouraged a bit more clever navigation throughout the mansion instead of just walking around without consequence. I never felt I needed to use the listening mechanic either because of this which was a shame.It's an interesting game, short but very sweet. My only gripe besides the sleuth gameplay would be that almost all the solutions for the murders are very straightforward. Although they do require a fair bit of investigation before you understand what needs to be done, the solution is immediately made clear instead of slowly pieced together. It's not Broken Sword levels of puzzling but it gets the job done.I would recommend this game to anyone really, but it's not without it's flaws.A fantastic game nonetheless and I would like to see more like it in the future.Also the soundtrack is incredible."
,Recommended,552590,31088423,Posted: 11 April,all,Raincoat,"Sexy Brutale is a stylish, well-written puzzle game, which follows a pattern very similar to the PS2 title Gregory Horror Show, the N64 game Majora's Mask, or the movie Groundhog Day, in that the game is set in the course of a 12 hour day which endlessly repeats itself. During this time every single guest in the mansion, where the Sexy Brutale takes place in, gets murdered in a variety of creative methods.Who the killers are doesn't matter, to the point where the murderers themselves are all named after playing cards, like ""2 clubs"". They all wear very similar masks so you can pinpoint them immediately, and the gameplay is similar to Gregory Horror Show where you can explore the mansion to discover their timetables and what their thoughts and conversations are. Where all characters are, at whatever the time is, will be saved in your map as you encounter them. It is a very well made and helpful tool, especially as it is impossible to encounter all characters within the course of a single ingame day.It is up to you to save the mask-wearing guests from the ever-present killers, and gain the powers of their masks to save the later guests from harm. Whenever you turn back time your character retains all of his memories, but loses most of his inventory, so there is a strong sense of trial and error before you discover the solutions to these puzzles.An interesting mechanic is you can never interact with another killer or victim. Whenever you enter the same room as them time freezes and their masks spawn a ""phantom"" which attacks you until you leave. This isn't ever meant to kill you, and is purely a way to ensure you solve these puzzes in an indirect manner, so none of these characters ever encounter you before you save them. You learn about each character via heavy amounts of easedropping: peaking through keyholes, and listening to their conversations, is a big part of the game, and a key element to solving the crimes.Every victim is always killed in their own individual manner, which happens at specific times in the day, so you always know when it is too late to save someone. The deaths are both visceral and entertaining, and are worth experiencing.The writing is great, with a wonderful cast of characters. The identical mask-wearing murderers are especially memorable, despite their individual lack of identity, as they embody a great sense of humour. Particular mention goes to the pianist killer who plays the piano beautifully, and speaks in a very poetic manner as he goes around his evil ways. His method of killing is especially interesting.Music is fantastic, and is a major highlight. The soundtrack is very strong, and sets the scene in a superb manner. There is not a single bad song in the Sexy Brutale.The themes of the game are time travel, voodoo, and casinos. The Sexy Brutale is named after the casino portion of the mansion, and the character masks are very similar to what you may have seen in Grim Fandango, and Guacamelee, with the Mexican flavour to the setting. There is lots of alcohol around, and even a luchador character is present. It helps that every single character, barring the killers, have unique quirks and personalities, so you can explore their individual storylines as you attempt to save them.The problems with the game mainly revolve around a few particular issues. First is its framerate as you enter new areas. It can chug a little bit as you go through the rooms, and there are a lot of rooms in the Sexy Brutale. It's not gamebreaking at all, and not always noticable, but is something I saw on several occasions.The second main problem is how you travel through time. You start the day at 12pm, and the day ends at midnight, although you can forward time to 4pm or 8pm. You do not have the freedom to choose other times, or even reverse time, except for going back to the beginning of the day.As the game is set within a single mansion there is a lot of backtracking to do. I would have preferred it if you had the ability to teleport between the huge clocks which dot the map and serve as the save points. There are a lot of collectables in the form of playing cards and guest invitations, so you are encouraged to explore and investigate every room.The storyline is also rather odd as you begin being greeted by a woman that enters and leaves the world via blobs of what looks like wet orange/red paint. Who she is, and even who you are, remains an unanswered mystery for a huge part of the game. You are given a name, but not a past or even personal motive until the final chapter. You learn that every guest you save is a former acquantance of yours, but only after rescuing them. I praise the game's writing not on its overarching storyline, which is left mostly vague until the conclusion, but on its dialogue and how the setpieces have been created.I recommend this game for its great artistic setting, creative gameplay, solid writing, and beautiful soundtrack.Bonus points in that the game references Killer7 in one of its bookshelves, which is a forgotten, stylish classic of the PS2 era. I hope this game does not share its fate, and gains the recognition it rightly deserves."
,Recommended,552590,32549536,Posted: 18 June,all,Wikzo,"Wonderful little game. If you like Majora's Mask, Ghost Trick, Groundhog Day or The Source Code, this is a game for you. It's all about observing characters' behaviors and figure out how to make a domino-like effect that will prevent people from dying."
,Recommended,552590,32032456,Posted: 28 May,all,cyanmanta,"I adore this game, but I admit to being a bit prejudiced. As a longtime fan of Majora's Mask, I'm easily sold on any game that advertises mask-based powers and time manipulation. Luckily, the game offers more than just those particulars, not the least of which is the mystery behind these strange mechanics. Why does this day repeat over and over? Why are you and the would-be victims doomed to this Groundhog Day situation? Who are these masked goons perpetrating the murders and what do they hope to achieve?While the game can be completed in less than 8 hours and the puzzles are not particularly difficult to solve, the mere experience of exploring the mansion wing by wing, searching for answers to my questions and learning about the victims and their connections to one another, was more than enough to round out the experience for me. Top notch electro-swing soundtrack as well."
76561198046089878,Recommended,552590,31167398,Posted: 15 April,all,cogitoErgoUmmm,"A clever, clever,clevergame about murder, time travel, and other things. Nice visuals, great music, and a host of characters with brief yet enchanting personalities and stories.I found this game well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,552590,31090941,Posted: 11 April,all,Octuplex,"So good I beat it in one sitting. Ghost Trick meets Majora's Mask in a Metroidvania style point-and-click adventure.Took me around 5-6 hours to beat. You might be able to beat it faster if you don't go searching for any of the game's collectible lore. Doesn't overstay its welcome and the lore is worth collecting.Some performance issues in the current version, though. loading between areas tended to freeze up a lot and it seemed to chug at bizarre times.All in all, 9/10, would take out to dinner and get stabbed by a man in a gas mask."
76561197967514048,Recommended,552590,31125699,Posted: 13 April,all,Traitor Joe,"Played it through in one sitting. Can only recommend this game.If you want to get an idea, but no spoilers watch jim sterlings video till 7:11 or 7:19 and then just decide to buy it or not.It's 5-6 hours and it's worth collecting all collectibles (in worst you add another hour if you search with method) there is an reward to that.It's worth every euro.Might look expensive for the gametime, but trust me, the length is perfect and the story fulfilling.Play it!"
76561198155098390,Not Recommended,552590,31205463,Posted: 17 April,all,newmicheal,"I was definitely on the edge for this game, but since Steam does a Pass/Fail system, I chose not to recommend.The Sexy Brutale is a murder mystery game taking place in a casino with the same name. You traipse through the charming, stylized environment and characters, trying to understand how and why people are being killed. You accomplish this by stalking characters, observing clues, and solving simple puzzles.The gameplay has a Groundhog Day mechanic; essentially meaning that your character relives the same day and events repeatedly by travelling through time. This allows you to create an itinerary of each character and their whereabouts at specific times of the day. This better informs your decision about how to interfere with or solve the murders (you cannot stay in the same rooms as other characters without being hidden which means most murders are solved through indirect means like manipulating an object that a killer uses).Things I Enjoyed About This GameGreat environment and styleMusic syncs up with murders to add a dramatic effectDialogue is short and effectiveCharacters' deaths are gruesome and satisfyingYou gain powers as you solve mysteries; giving a nice sense of progressionInteresting surrealist storyIssues I Have With The GameConstant performance issues as the game progresses; some rooms lagged an incredible amountGame is not fully polished: some awkward animations in important cutscenes, cutscene presentation is sometimes abrupt with weird transitions, in some areas the sound is SO unbalanced that the ambient noise is 2-3 times as loud as the music (what the hell is that about?), sound will completely stop when talking to certain NPCs and then resume when you finish talking to them (this is not for a dramatic effect)The puzzles to solve the mysteries are WAY too simple; I only got stumped once, every other time the solution was SO obvious that it was painful. Most mysteries require very few steps.Some powers that you gain are extremely lackluster and unsatisfyingThe characters do relatively little while preparing for their inevitable demise. The majority only visit very few rooms and do few things before their deaths, contributing to simplistic puzzles and reducing the characters' depthStory is heavily front-loaded and back-loaded; giving very few clues through the middle portion of the gameThe game is very short. I beat it in a bit over seven hours and that was with me exploring and stalking thoroughly.Final VerdictThe Sexy Brutale is, overall, an enjoyable experience; however, with its overly simplistic puzzles (and therefore, gameplay), wonky polish, performance hiccups, and short length, I cannot recommend this game for the asking price of $20. If, however, you can get this game on a good sale; I say go for it."
76561197995471239,Recommended,552590,31887345,Posted: 21 May,all,Astinu5,"A interesting puzzle game with dark humor. The gameplay reminds me of ghost trick in the sense that you rewind time and change stuff in the environment, in order to prevent someones murder."
76561197999414276,Recommended,552590,31139748,Posted: 14 April,all,Grennan,"Hm.  I have mixed feelings here.I enjoyed the experience.  The art style took a lot of getting used to, but I really like the theme and concept.  I don't think it's worth the full price.It's a little short - I hit 100% completion after less than 12 hours.  It lacks voice actors, other than a couple of songs.  There's not much in the way of game play or puzzles - there are a few, but there are so few moving parts and no real red herrings, so between the help you can get from eavesdropping and the nature of the objects at hand, the main story is doable without much frustration.  And there's a collection quest for 52 playing cards, where it tells you exactly which card you grabbed - but gives no indication of what's missing, so if you didn't track from the very beginning exactly which ones you have picked up, that information doesn't help much, does it?The writing is good, they clearly put a lot of work into the atmosphere.  Overall, I give it, barely, a yes, but be aware that you're paying for one, maybe two days of game play, so you might want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,552590,33941484,Posted: 31 July,all,MDTO,"No spoilers:Pros:- Really unique storytelling- Enjoyed the time rewinding mechanics- Really interesting to see how content is gated behind things, so you don't get farther ahead before you're supposed to- Music is great if you like swing/hornsCons:- Some poor optimization with screen-to-screen transitions and some ""popped in"" overlays. Going in and out of a certain HUD (which you have to do often) means the game will slow to a crawl.- I accidentally solved two of the puzzles by lucky timing. Considering there's only a handful of victims to save, I kind of felt robbed- The puzzles are pretty easy, and the only difficulty really comes from the classic adventure game problem of ""ugh, I know I need to use this, but the game doesn't seem to let me!"" Once you realize the circumstances of the mystery you're trying to solve, it's usually pretty easy to know what you need to do - the problem comes from getting to those solutions.- Some interesting mechanics in the game only come into play just as it's ending- Missing some dialog options due to timing can be frustrating if you have to start the cycle anew just to get one thing- Story is a bit out of left field and doesn't really get a lot of time to wrap itself upAll in all, I think it's well worth the $10 I paid for it on sale. Again, keep in mind that it's only about 4-6 hours worth of content, but it's one of those games that's done in such a unique way that I think it's worth it just to experience what it does."
,Recommended,552590,31349346,Posted: 24 April,all,Peenarm,Enjoyable game. Took me about 10 hours to 100% but a good bit of that time was stopping to check out the flavor text or snoop on every NPC I could find. Every time I thought I had the game figured out there was some slight misdirection within the narrative or puzzle solving to make me second guess everything.
76561198055343318,Recommended,552590,32875005,Posted: 27 June,all,Nebuchadnezzar,"Before you start forming any opinions of this game, know that the title doesn't match the game at all. The Sexy Brutale is a murder mystery GroundHog Day style adventure, with a unique and beautiful aesthetic, a soundtrack on par with Transistor and Bastion, and an engaging story. Every character in this game has their own programmed path and interactions throughout the day, leading to something new for every reiteration of the day. This game is something unique. I would definitely recommend it to everyone, if you're uncertain, waiting for a sale might be best, but it is a must have."
76561198045326062,Not Recommended,552590,32730833,Posted: 24 June,all,Keikain,"This isn't a bad game at all, but at only 4 hours long and incredibly easy, it's hard to recommend even at the £10 sale price.As it's a puzzle game, I expected to have to figure thing out, but there was very little of that. Saving each guest could be solved in a matter of seconds and most of the time was spent waiting and watching the characters to find (rather than figure, since it's very much spelled out for you in each case) out what you have to do, and every time, you only have to do one thing.The mansion itself is wonderful, though. While they don't go deep with the problem-solving aspect of the game, the world of the mansion is really immersive and by far the best thing about the game.If you don't mind a low value for money, low-difficulty, and short experience, then go for it - just don't expect it to be close to as good as other puzzle games in the quality of its puzzles."
,Recommended,552590,31987939,Posted: 26 May,all,NoPantsBaby,"Play the worst named game on the market today! No seriously what is with this name? I get it it's a place in the game but it SERIOUSLY misleads on every part, I cannot imagine the number of people that said pass on just the title. Casa or Casino Brutale would have been better.Back on track though! There is skullduggery afoot and you are a lone man of the cloth, seemingly the latest victim of a mad casino owner who has ordered his staff to murder everyone! Granted a second chance, or several second chances, you must attempt to save everyone! Or do you? Is there more to the story? Find out!Pros:+ Great art combined with fantastic music gives a wonderful athmosphere to this game. It is a truly wonderful thing to experience.+ Detailed lore for each character and the setting fleshing them out.+ Interesting time mechanic that makes you balance between listen, exploring and collecting to solve puzzles and see dialogue between characters.+ Main story doesn't drag out past the point of interest. Short, but sexy.+ Plot twist for those that like em.Cons:- 7 hours to 100%.- Easy to solve puzzles, do not buy this if your intent is to solve hard nuts, they are so easy you sometimes just stumble into the right solution.- A few visual glitches and bugs that without prior knowledge doesn't ruin the story but is a PRETTY big one (mask can fall of when hiding, you should really fix this guys).- Completely linear progression, sadly no real connection between the different characters which is sad because it would have added so more if saving person A somehow changed the outcome for person C whilst person B needed person D.- Spelling errors in lore, lots and lots of spelling errors. I might make a forum post correcting em, see what happens.Total score 11/13 cards in a suit!"
76561197984900388,Recommended,552590,32847853,Posted: 27 June,all,Lang,Really good. It's... the puzzling of Last Express meets the grim cartoonishness of Psychonauts. Groundhog Fandango.Plus you can knock it off in a day.Keyboard controls are awful. Don't bother without a controller.
76561198036561843,Recommended,552590,31515253,Posted: 2 May,all,Owlflame,"Very neat game.Pros :- the time travel mechanic was very well handled. The simplicity of how it's handled in Majora's mask is brought back very well here (conviniently also in a game about masks, I doubt that was a coincidence.)- the music was amazing, some of the best video game music I've heard.- stalking people down the halls was actually super fun to learn how they died and what might have prevented it. Didn't even mind rewinding after I realize I missed something.- the camera sways VERY slightly in rooms and it's super nice.- all the areas actually look really nice. Big fan of whoever did the art.- all the characters felt goofy, even the villain dudes. Like a cartoon it was super absorbing.- Figuring out a puzzle was actually super satisfying. The only one i didn't even mean to solve was saving the second group. I just flipped a button and they got saved. It took me a while to realize what happened. I put more thought into the first guy.- spoiler alert: There's a room close to the end of the game with a picture of everyone and you can hear almost every death from that room. Then the light turns off over their picture. It's so cool.- Spoiler alert continues: I actually really enjoyed the plot. It wasn't so much about what was going on with the guests, they were set dressing. You were supposed to be spending that time determining what was really happening. Then the story unfolds really nicely (even if very cliche'd. )cons -- the loading made me want to kill myself. It's not that there are long loading periods, there was just times where the area ahead hadn't loaded (or hell, even the area I'm in) and I'm just mashing the door button next to a door or walking around a black room waiting for the lights to come on. There was a perfectly black room I ran into earlier in the game that I never found again because the first time i went in there, it just didn't load. It took me forever to figure out that'd happened.- some of the puzzles aren't that fullfilling. The third save was a genuinely nice series of figuring things out by following and so on. Some of the later ones though, the answer is either told to you, or you basically figure it out because the answer is given to you by proxy. (there was an unlocked door that you could use items on and I knew immedietly that, spoiler alert, you had to lock the guy in there. )- the threat of masks chasing you was never a threat. It super scared me the first time, but that was it. Actually, once you learn just how long it takes for masks to start chasing you on top of how much health you have, it's not uncommon to completely stop caring where people are and just go through rooms they're in anyway.- midway through the game, I bumped into some ghosts and when you do that you go into this weird ""don't hurt me"" backing up pose. I was already behind them when that happened though so that pose never turned off. I had to restart the day because I was just slowly backing up everywhere and couldn't do what I was planning to do fast enough.- I think it would have been cool if you used keys or items from some areas for puzzles in other areas or guests. One puzzle in the  game that I can think of actually does this which is a shame because I had a mental list going of what was where and that only payed off once.- the last puzzle in the game is a bit too easy for being the last. Considering the fact that I don't think it's a stretch to say this game takes influence from Ghost Trick, I'd expect the final puzzle to actually be a bit challenging.- I think it's a bit of a missed opportunity that the watch didn't fix gradually. You only have five hours for the first 30 minutes of the game, then 12 hours the rest of it. I don't know. It feels weird that it was ever restricted at one time.- I get why they did it, but the enemies having more varied designs or something would have been cool. It feels like everyone got murdered by the same guy and I get that that's what we were going for, but considering how like 2 of them have really witty banter after their kill while others get nothing, I'd like just a bit more... something.- The camera picks a location in each room and stays there. It's fine on its own but the map is easy to read with a compass. So if I want to head north, the northern direction gets changed and it's actually super easy to get lost.All and all, I'd actually recomend this game. It's super good, the problems don't hold it back enough and I'd assume developers who put so much time into making the product this good will read reviews and maybe patch problems out of the game. Play it, but maybe wait for a sale. You can play it without a sale too, but it's a short game and has a $20 price tag which feels too high but considering what clearly went into this, I can't see them reasonably lowering it.Brief end bit. If you're going to label my review ""Unhelpful"" I'd like for you to tell me why as I was very thorough and don't think I missed anything. If you think I missed something and therefor think my review is ""unhelpful"" then please let me know."
,Recommended,552590,31157481,Posted: 15 April,all,TEOL,"Really enjoyed this game. The gameplay is interesting, the art style and character design is great, the story is surprisingly deep and the game does a good job of rewarding you for exploring. I've seen a few people comment that the game isn't very long (took me about six hours to 100% everything) but the game packs more into those six hours than some big budget titles do into sixty hours. Even the smallest rooms have something in them to find and make the location feel real, and there's a lot of lore and fun details to find if you're willing to look.Cons: I had some occasional glitches like long loading times or rooms not loading properly (although some of that might be my system); the current system of skipping ahead in the timeline is incomplete and still leaves you needing to spend time waiting; trying to find all the collectibles was frustrating when the game didn't have a list of which ones I was missing. All fairly minor stuff though.In short, game made a Killer7 reference, immediate 10/10."
,Recommended,552590,31517445,Posted: 2 May,all,SongbirdZingara,"So I had just finished The Sexy Brutale a couple of days ago. When I first started playing I only had one word: WHOA! I honestly had no idea what I was doing, I didn't know which way to go and my heart was still pounding each mystery I tried to solve. But I can honestly say after playing through it, that this is truly an amazing game with an amazing story and learned slowly but surely as I continued to play on. In this one you play as Lafcadio Boone as he wakes up in one of the rooms of The Sexy Brutale Casino Mansion. He meets a mysterious woman who gives him a mask as well as a pocket watch which gives him the power to turn back time and restart the day. She tasks him with saving the victims that have died and with each victim that he saves he receives  a different power from each mask that he picks up after saving them. Now here are two kickers as you play : 1. You know who the killer is. 2. You have to find a find a way to save the victim within a certain time limit in each chapter. There is one final kicker but that is something for you to find out on your own when you play. As I said before, the story is amazing and the music makes it the sweet icing on the cake and it also gives sort of a classic film noir feel. I hope that we get a DLC of the soundtrack. There were a couple of technical concerns that I had when trying to maneuver the character as well as transitioning from one room to another. Despite that however this is worth checking out and playing and it will leave you with questions in the end which may make you want to play it again to see if you want to find more answers that you may have missed at least that is what I think in my opinion.  This is a game that I enjoyed (and still do) playing and I hope that you enjoy it too."
,Recommended,552590,34018499,Posted: 4 August,all,Troy,"Overall, the Sexy Brutale is definitely worth playing. It can probably be completed in about 5 hours, and has a great style, with art, music and theme coming together very well. However, for experienced puzzle solvers, or point'n'click veterans, the solutions to each mystery will seem somewhat shallow for the majority of the game.The Groundhog Day comparisons are almost universal, and with good reason. However, I think it is also worth comparing The Sexy Brutale to both the N64 classic 'Majora's Mask' (you are locked in a timeloop, and each time you go through it, you progress a little bit forward; not to mention the theme of masks both games have) as well as the most recent 'Hitman' (similarly playing through the same space of time over and over, where instead of trying to make creative murder happen, you instead try to make that creative murder... not happen).The game does have a few strikes against it. Its time mechanics are a bit underdeveloped (better time manipulation and/or access to fastforwarding are the primary concerns). The game has a tendency towards slightly simplistic puzzles (a 'complex' mode a la Hitmans Professional mode would be much appreciated, even if it might jar with some of the themes). The game also makes each 'case' very isolated from the rest of the mansion and the other victims (which makes the mansion feel less like the sprawling party it is clearly supposed to be). Finally, the game unfortunately saves some of the best concepts and ideas for the end (the 'Arm' idea have a LOT of design space in my view).These shortcomings, however, are not nearly enough to make The Sexy Brutale a bad game, it merely keeps it from being an instant classic. The asking price is perfectly reasonable, but if you can get it on a sale, be sure to grab it immediately. Score (if you are into such a concept): 4/5"
,Recommended,552590,31096323,Posted: 12 April,all,robotiod,"The Sexy Brutale is a fantastic game full of exotic and charming characters, great level design, wonderful music and a core gameplay mechanic that will have you thinking ""That was so clever"" up until the very end.The puzzles are very satisfying and while some can be completed without looping time at all there are others where you will be repeating the day spy on another conversation or find out where an item or secret passage is. The Sexy Brutale manages to use it's time mechanic well without ever becoming frustrating. Looping actions in video games can be annoying at times so I feel the developers did a good job of making sure it didn't annoy.The game also does a good job of establishing the time looping mechanic into the narrative rather than just leaving it as a 4th wall breaking gameplay mechanic.I completed the story after 5 hours of play, I still have many collectables and secrets left to find in the mansion, and also have interest in reading all the conversations that the various guests and staff in the mansion have behind closed doors.As a note on performance, I had very few issues other than a few hiccups transitioning between rooms where the game would drop a couple of frames. My specs are an I7-6700 and a GTX970.The game allows you to set your resolution and chose between windowed and borderless windowed. It otherwise has no other performance options.Overall I reccomend this game wholeheartedly. It deserves all the praise it gets."
76561198064414264,Recommended,552590,33936623,Posted: 31 July,all,Hopeless Situation Warrior,"Really good, fun puzzle game. 10/10Gameplay:Point and click (with a few context special abilities/non-consumable item use), time-loop, puzzle/murder mystery. As the game goes you gradually gain access to new areas and abilities while being able to learn more about the plot. There's plenty of opportunity to figure out some plot elements ahead of time if you listen to/discover everything.None of the puzzles are logically challenged, I didn't get stuck on any of them except for one right at the end with multiple Rewinds (I was tired and there's no hand holding in the final stage). As you progress the puzzles become harder and there's less hand holding up to the final areas where you can no longer listen in for clues (although you still get pointed in the right direction by Bloody Girl).Length:You can finish it within 12 hours if you don't get stuck on any of the puzzles, and 100% it (collect all cards and fill out brochure) is more fun and not as lengthy as it is in some games. It's fun enough that you'll likely play it until the end and complete the game.User reviews: Overwhelmingly Positive- one of the reasons I picked it up.Replayability: not really after you finish the game and 100% it, unless you want to save everyone again using the powers you acquire by end game, although it does have 6 save slots for different games/people, so it's family friendly that way, if your family likes bloody ghosts and murder.You can use your powers/freedom at the end game to track down every character as early/late as possible and listen in to all the conversations, and I have done this.I get bored & distracted incredibly easy with many unfinished games, so the fact I completed this game means something (a: it's a lot of fun, b: it's not epic sized).Recommend: Yes definitely, pick it up while it's on sale."
76561197996974033,Recommended,552590,31137768,Posted: 14 April,all,MajorMajorMajor,"One of the most brilliantly original things I've played in ages. Looks great, sounds great, puzzles that make perfect sense (I'm usually pretty quick to run to a walkthrough when I get stuck, but never had to in this Not that it's easy, just that it gives you the confidence to keep looking, knowing that the answer will be logical).The plot is good, with some great dark humour, and the way the chapters blend together is excellent.Excellent, basically."
,Recommended,552590,32864637,Posted: 27 June,all,Ishie_druid,"I absolutely love this game, and this is coming from someone who has found a lot of puzzles in the genre have become stale and over used. The mechanic of reversing time and dodging people all while trying to save them adds urgency to every one of your actions. The characters are interesting and each has their own little quirks.  The story itself is well written and intriguing.Kind of was sad when I got to the end and had finished all the puzzles, but is a game I would recommend to anyone that loves puzzles and mystery."
76561198022608702,Recommended,552590,31128227,Posted: 13 April,all,bossfight1,"It's kind of like Sam and Max mixed with Majora's Mask with a dash of the investigative moments of Phoenix Wright. Your job is to witness a murder, take note of who does it, who dies, how it's done, and what YOU can do to stop it without getting DIRECTLY involved. The solutions are usually easier than you might initially think, but the act of realizing ""Oh, THAT'S what I have to do!"" is where the victorious rush comes in. One murder required me to screw over the perpetrator in a way that left me laughing like a gremlin, which is always fun.PROS:+Fascinating series of murders that tie in well to the victims' personalities and pasts.+Lovely art style+Fantastic music that swells at the more tense moments+Gloriously dark sense of humor+Bittersweet endingCONS:-Your character moves rather slowly, making running throughout the mansion a bit of a chore-The flaming doors that you can't pass get a little old the further you get into the game-It's fairly short - I was wishing to have more murders to solve/prevent.-(Nitpick) Characters look better... WITH their masks than without.BOTTOM LINE: A brief but great experience, mainly carried by characters with a surprising amount of depth behind their words and actions."
,Recommended,552590,31081989,Posted: 11 April,all,The Joker,"Beautiful indie puzzle-game, where you have to pay attention to little details, to prevent murders from happening.Plus you get to feel like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day. That's always a plus."
,Not Recommended,552590,31732630,Posted: 13 May,all,Cognoscenti,"Long story short, though it's marked as a ""not recommended"", I would actually recommend this for the story and the game mechanics - which was a rather intriguing element to me. Having to manage attempts to save the guests in the mansion with the time rewinding was a really fascinating element of gameplay.However, I won't recommend purchasing this at full price (hence the vote). Wait till a discount.The main reason I say this is due to the length of this game - I completed the game in 6 hours (essentially one sitting). I consider myself to be a rather experienced player with these sort of games - I refer specifically games along the lines of Zero Escape, Danganronpa or Ace Attorney - and I found this game to be far too forgiving. With those other games I listed as examples, there are usually some mechanics to punish you (E.G. Zero Escape gives you bad ends, Ace Attorney has three strikes before the judge rekts you, same with Danganronpa). Here in this game... I'm not sure I really ever gotten myself in a situation where I might get a Game Over. Because there're no stakes, I'm just ramming my head through any obstacles that set itself in the way.Facing a connundrum that got you stuck? CLICK ALL THE THINGS! But then again there was almost nothing that got me stumped enough as to require me to get a time-out to think it over - again stuff that I sometimes had to do with the other games (not just those listed). Had the game forced me to do something like that, it'll have been a heck lot easier to recommend but since that's not the case, it's a real downer.Hell, I can only think of one occasion where a Game Over is somewhat possible. One of the game mechanics is that your character cannot be in the same room as any other character, you take ""damage"" if you are... Only one thing, that health bar drops so slowly I could just stick around in the same room for various reasons (checking the room, stopping time, the lulz). Tying in with that, you'll find that the game becomes far too easy as well because there're no real stakes. I can't really say I'm happy to note that the brute force method is actually a viable strategy (since it's not discouraged).So there. Discounted pricing or no go, I'd say! Or if, like me, you planned to support indie developers, then go ahead with it. I do believe ultimately that this was overall a pleasant experience but it would be a hard-sell at its price and length."
76561198149300532,Recommended,552590,33414514,Posted: 9 July,all,teeheehee,"First of all, the title has almost nothing to do with the game. it's the name of the mansion you play in, but it could easily be called something else and the game would feel almost exactly the same.right, now that's out of the way...here's some downsides for your consideration:The Sexy Brutale is a very story-based game. While this isn't a downside in and of itself, it does impact the replayability, which is something i value quite highly in gamesIt is also quite short. I completed it (not counting collecting playing cards orthe secret ending)in only six hours or so.One particular puzzle wasn't very well explained and felt like a case of 'use everything on everything'. or maybe i just didn't get it. note that the rest of the game wasn't like this.Again, not much of a downside, but it's really hard to 'fail' in the game. you're not supposed to go in the same room as other people and if you do it'll make scary noises at you and stop you from interacting with things, but you'd have to stay in there a really long time to be in danger of 'dying'The music can be a bit disjointed at times. there's no fading of any kind, it just cuts between tracks suddenly as you move between areas or open the menuoh, and a point of consideration may be to take the system requirements seriously. my computer almost meets the specifications, but drops frames like mad seemingly at random and can feel unresponsive at times.i have no doubt that this problem is on my end rather than being the game's fault.now, onto the upsides:The Sexy Brutale, for as long as it lasts, is an amazing experience. The story is rather great, with a conclusion that i unfortunately saw coming due to spoilers but nevertheless felt almost chilling.and unlike far too many games with great stories, the gameplay doesn't suffer from it. You start off with the power to reset the day and can gain other less important powers as you save people from their gruesome deaths, all without interacting with them directly.none of the puzzles are too hard to grasp and the dynamic day is short enough that once you figure out what you need to do (or think you have done) you can act on those plans with haste. Even so, even the simpler puzzles still feel... gratifying (?) to solve.I bought this game for ~£10 in the summer sales. I'm normally the kind of person who expects an hour of play for every pound (at least), but i didn't even slightly regret this purchase.as for whether it would be worth it at full price, i'd say that depends on how much you value a good puzzle game and a good story. puzzle games aren't really my thing, which is why i put it in my wishlist and waited for a sale.you could always do the same.(I'm terrible at writing reviews)(and i also completely agree with gold skull at the end, but that's just me)"
76561198026359088,Recommended,552590,31264154,Posted: 20 April,all,juampan,"Beautiful art design, stylish music and, above all, thrilling story paired with gameplay mechanics perfect for this game. A beautiful experience."
,Recommended,552590,31230000,Posted: 18 April,all,Waxinlyrical,"TLDR: Ghost Trick meets Groundhog Day, set in a casino mansion. The premise is interesting, the puzzles are fair (if perhaps a little unsatisfying to solve sometimes), the visuals stylish, and the music is great. Mechanically I wish they went a bit further with the various powers you can unlock, and from a narrative standpoint while being generally well written I wished the various characters had more time spent on them so they developed beyond simple archetypes like ""The guy who drinks a lot"".  All in all though I enjoyed this quite a bit and would recommend it to anyone who's interested."
,Recommended,552590,31128487,Posted: 13 April,all,Zee,"If you like loosely timed puzzles where there is nothing barring you from retrying it as many times as you'd like, to figure out how to properly solve it, this might be the thing for you.A puzzle game, set in a murder mystery setting... on the same day.The task is simple: Find out how to save the victim while not being caught.... mechanically it is very good, patience and exploration pays well, and if one is stuck.. simply search further.I can't really say much else than that it is a very good game, as more than that will be a major spoiler, and this one in particular I would really suggest going into knowing as little as possible in advance, as it will be a far more intriguing experience that way.Very much recommended."
,Recommended,552590,31554534,Posted: 5 May,all,Skairen,"Loved it. 6 hours from start to finish 100%. The story is not that complicated to understand but it doesn't really start to kick in until the moment you start the final stage, to call it something. Great concept in a really good presentation with awesome music. Some weird frame drops when going from one room to another, which could be fixed in the future or maybe is only me? I recommend it without question, more expensive game give the same amount of time and I don't enjoy them that much so this is a big yes."
76561197980030498,Recommended,552590,33104013,Posted: 1 July,all,B-Dawg Street Lawyer,"This game is a well-polished adventure, taking an existing idea and putting a modern twist on it, starting off simple both mechanically and narratively, to become a lot more intriguing as time goes on. The core concept (interfere with the death of your target, using the environment and knowledge you build up during the game) remains intriguing and the puzzles are usually rather straightforwards, but require enough thinking to remain interesting. The story and atmosphere are what kept me coming back though, the entire game just oozes style and thought that left me unable to put the game down until I finished it. The narrative is twisting and turning and the ending caught me quite by surprise in the best of ways. The entire game feels cohesive, with hints dropped everywhere so that the twists never feel like they come completely out of the left field.I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,552590,31183844,Posted: 16 April,all,Kill Me or I feed (or both),"Instant buy after watching Jim Sterling's review.Overall, fresh concept with simple to play, alluring visuals, intriguing lore, stylistic soundtrack, and some control issues. 9/10Really love how the artstyle, (especially the) soundtrack, character design (the masks representing each character are cool!), and timeloop mechanics work together with the story and lore.The controls are simple and the timeloop mechanic didn't frustrate me too much.The noteworthy lore, artstyle, and soundtrack show the time, care, and passion being put in this game.Also, I didn't expect for the story to have a very relevant message, in my opinion.However, I cannot be fully immersed to game due to 4 (might be nitpicky) problems:1. Choppy loading issues and lags after loading when moving to other rooms. I did find out that those can be fixed by calling the pausing and unpausing.2. Sluggish context ring detection. Like when opening doors, I have to really hug the door by moving towards it while pressing the action button. If else, nothing will happen.3. My PS4 controls tend to confuse the SQUARE and X button functions, using DS4Windows in wired mode. On wireless, everything works normally (except the buttons are displayed in XBox controls due to technical limitations).4. Can't tell which of the 52 cards that I am missing. (SPOILER ALERT) It almost stopped me from getting one of the cards in a certain room that requires 4 specific cards.nb: I finished 100% within 10,8 hours, including major backtracking and trying different endings."
,Not Recommended,552590,34545619,Posted: 27 August,all,Grüse McMahon,"I really wanted to like this game. The art style looks fantastic and there isn't a lot of games that utilize the Majora Mask/Groundhog day time mechanic. So when I heard about TSB, I was sold. Puzzle based game where you have to save people in the mansion from being grusomely murdered and have to start the day over again to learn peoples routes and solutions to save them, I thought it was a 10/10 right away. The concept was good, the execution however...Story: Not gonna get into spoliers but I felt this was the best part of the game. It's was story about self-forgivness, and the game eludes a bit of what actually going on until the end of the game where it hits you like a truck. The only part of the game I can't complain about.Music: Really love the composition of the music in this game, really helps with the games set it's own style. Every area of the mansion has it's own track, from the jazzy casino parlore to the eloquent style of the theatre. My only gripe was whenever you transisiton from one area to another, the previous area's music will hard cut stop into the new area music. It's really jarring to not have a fade out/fade in of the music. Not worst thing in the world, but it really broke the experience.Gameplay: The concept is really cool. Basically when you start the day, every NPC has a starting location in the mansion. They have a set routine that they do throughout the day. But at some point of the day they will be murder by the mansion staff. You have to one by one save people from their deaths by manipulating the enviorment. Sounds really awesome!But once you get into it, the puzzles you have to do save people aren't as complicated as one would hope. Often the most difficult part of the game is figuring out which character to follow at what time so they can say a keycode to a door or reveal a hidden passage for you to use. Some of the puzzles do require a few more steps than others but they usually involve with getting into a room and hitting a button. There were a couple of times where I found the solution, I was able to solve the puzzle on the first try, which for a game about starting the day over again, I shouldn't be able to do.Each puzzle takes place in the own part of the mansion, which is a big let down. These puzzle feel very isolated, and they have nothing to do with the other puzzles for the most part. I feel it would be a stronger game if the NPC patterns had a lot of cross over. Where I had to know the timings of the characters to get certain items or wait for them to change the enviroment in someway. But for each of the puzzle, you're just dealing with the victim and the mansion staff who are trying to murder them (which is usually one person).This game had some really good idea going for it. But it just falls short of a recommendation for me."
76561198106268500,Recommended,552590,34016375,Posted: 4 August,all,tibiaTreatise,"Brilliant game. The puzzles are pretty straightforward, but the game more than makes up for that; although there isn't much to solve when it comes to the murders, and the steps to save the guests are generally quite obvious, all of the deaths (with the exception of the first 'tutorial' one, which is just a guy getting straight-up shot in the chest) are creative, and the characters are compelling and likeable enough for you to feel good about saving them.The story is also fantastic. I can't say much without spoiling it, since figuring out what's going on is a major premise of the game, but the ending is really poignant and definitely a tearjerker.There were a few technical issues - there was sometimes a delay between clicking on a door and entering a room, and a couple of times rooms didn't load in immediately - but my PC isn't great, so that might just have been my fault. Regardless, it wasn't enough to spoil the game.Also, jazziest soundtrack ever. How can you NOT enjoy saving the guests when the music is SO GOOD?It isn't a very long game, but I'd say that it's still worth it at the full price. 10/10, would give up my money again. Especially for a soundtrack DLC.EDIT: The soundtrack DLC now exists, so I can die happy."
,Recommended,552590,31597487,Posted: 6 May,all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","The Sexy Brutale is sort of like Hitman in reverse, mixed with Majora's Mask. You've been invited to a masquerade party at the Sexy Brutale casino, only to be horrified when you realize that there's only one cards table and you're not very fond of roulette. They deliver another, slightly less traumatic but still shocking realization immediately afterwards: everyone in attendance is murdered in one day (about 10 minutes in real life). Finding the only cards table being permanently occupied by one of the other guests, you decide the only thing left to do is to rescue everyone so you can go find a different casino.The basic gameplay involves moving through the mansion and eavesdropping on the other guests, slowly piecing together what's happening and getting clues on how to save each guest. Saving a guest gives you a new ability, and each one helps you see the story a little better and access more of the mansion. Everything moves at the same pace throughout the mansion in real time, so you have to rewind to the beginning pretty often to see everyones' movements. It's more interesting to play than it is to read about, but if you enjoy point-and-click adventures you'll probably enjoy this. The story is interesting, and the art style manages to make horrific deaths look like cute doll scenes. If I had to complain about something, it would be the stealth aspect; essentially, your character can't be in the same room as another one, unless you were hiding in something beforehand (you can still eavesdrop through keyholes, though). If you do go into an occupied room, everything goes dark and the guest's mask starts to chase you, and I don't know what happens if it catches you because it never caught me but I imagine it's something bad, maybe even worse than being in the fanciest casino you've ever been in but only having roulette to play. It's not annoying enough to detract much from the game, but it also feels a little unnecessary, and I do think the game would be a little bit more fun if they had an option to let you wander around the guests and see the story better. But either way, the game is pretty fun, and an interesting way to put together an adventure game.But seriously, only one card table? Does anyone actually like roulette?"
,Recommended,552590,32301249,Posted: 9 June,all,MiR1019,The awesome stuff:1) Amazing and memorable soundtrac. Really love it.2) Awesome aesthetics.3) Great gameplay4) Gripping story of mysterySad stuff:1) Controlling main character can be wonky at times.2) A few animation nitpics here and there3)still don't know how to feel about the ending
,Recommended,552590,33949193,Posted: 1 August,all,Verloeren,Swing music is greatGraphics are greatTouching storyline about self-forgiveness
,Recommended,552590,33250394,Posted: 4 July,all,AnonOmis1000,"So I'm going to assume you've read some of the other reviews. If not, after reading this go to most helpful and check them out. I'm not going to rewrite what others have said.What is the kind of person who will enjoy this game? It is a person who is looking for a casual, relaxing, yet interesting game that doesn't drag on for days. It seems to take about 8 hours to finish and 10 hours to complete. I will not say that this game has a very in depth story. In fact it's rather simple, though with an interesting twist at the end, but it is interesting and I kept wanting to find out what the hell was going on. The puzzles are not too complecated, in my opinion, and at least one I found was quite poorly designedas it requires you to do a task then restart the day a few times, but the good thing is you don't need to be terribly precise with your timings, and even I didn't manage to ""die"" in my play through.Now, for some of the bad things about this game. None of these are terribly bad or deal breaking, but they are still worth noting so you know what you're getting into.The majority of the dialog boxes are timed.I put this in bold because, as a slow reader, this was an irritation of mine. I would be half way through reading someone's dialog when it'd go away.However, none of the real important dialog boxes are timed, and require you to click in order to progress them. This is also true of dialog boxes that come up when you interact with something. This gives you time to read and understand it, however time is still ticking, so don't take too long.You can't rebind any of the buttons. This is unfortunate, as buttons they chose are rather odd (Z, X, 1, and 3). I also imagine that it might be an issue with those who have different keyboard layouts, but due to the slow nature of the game, it shouldn't really be a problem.There are no graphical settings, which is unfortunate. This game isn't really graphically intensive, so you don't have to worry about turning down graphics if you have an older PC, but it sure would be nice to be able to turn them up to make the game look even better.Between completing one murder and starting another, you really have no direction on where to go. You have to sort of guess some times. But I guess that's part of the nature of puzzle games where you have to retrack your steps. You have to remember you saw something earlier that you couldn't interact with because you didn't have the right item or ability.Occasionally, animations would get out of sync, but usually things got fixed on their own, so again not a big deal.All that being said, I whole hartedly recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzle games and enjoys a good aesthetic and a funky sound track. If you're looking for a challenge, you might be better off spending your money elsewhere. But if you just want a more casual experience where you can enjoy the game without being under pressure, this is worth the full retail price and worth your time."
76561198071059541,Recommended,552590,31418061,Posted: 28 April,all,"Lord Lag, Earl of High Latency","I don't care if you don't like puzzle games. I don't care if you don't like story heavy games. Buy this.Buy it now.I'm writing this review having just finished 'The Sexy Brutale' and I was blown away by what was there for the 5 hours it took to complete. 5 hours is not a long time and in terms of replayability, I would say that there isn't much point after completing the story, unless you're going back much later after you've forgotten some of the puzzles. Regardless of that, for the amount of time it takes to beat, there is so much there you will probably just blaze through it in one session,I won't list story details or characters for the sake of avoiding spoilers, but it's a murder mystery in a luxury casino mansion where rather than finding out who performed the murder, you are there to prevent the murders of the guests one-by-one (or sometimes two-by-one.) Of course, if a murder does occur, while, you are always able to reverse time back to 12pm of the same day using an magic pocket watch. In similarity to Groundhog Day, only you are aware of this looping day. This gives you a near infinite amount of time to solve each murder, the only time restraint being that the events leading up to and including each murder will play out.Gameplay and controls are simple; 'The Sexy Brutale' is played from an isometric view of each room in the mansion, shifting slightly as you move between rooms. When it comes to exploring the mansion, it's almost Metroidvania in fashion, with certain areas only being unlocked after obtaining certain items as you move through the story, although not quite as free; however, it does not need to be. The linear progression is there for a reason due to it being reliant on story - were I able to dash through and explore other areas of the mansion first, plot points would be put in jeopardy. Throughout the rooms, circles are used to mark points of interest, each a different colour indicating a different thing: blue for general items and set pieces, yellow for important items (often relating to the murder), green for doors you can go through and red for doors you can't. A simple interface is all that's needed naturally and it's stylised in an appropriate fashion for the setting. Controls are few in number, opting to keep it simple without using all the buttons on a controller (I've not tryed it with keyboard and mouse, but I imagine it to be easy to use as well.)The graphical design and art style used here are drop dead gorgeous. The wide array of colours are used in perfect combination, making sure everything in a room stands out at once without focusing on one specific item (except late game room that comes to mind, but it's rather the point.) The character design too is charming, having the oversized head-to-body ratio, but it really works in this case. The faces of these characters in particular are so detailed as well for the short amount of time you actually see them; I wish that at instances it would have allowed us to take a closer look at them to truly get a look at them. To top it off, the musical score found within is perfect - predominantly saxophones, it gives the areas of the casino a charm at the beginning that seems to juxtapose what's actually going on behind the scenes, at least until you get further through the plot where the score accompanying the later areas becomes more intense as a means of conveying the growing existential horror found cornered off in the deeper parts of the mansion.The only criticism I have is the price of £14.99. For the amount of time you can get playing this game, I think it's a little too steep. Other than that, I absolutely adore this game.In conclusion, 'The Sexy Brutale' is defintely worth a buy. As I said, I feel the price is a little too high (if it were to be brought down to even just £11.99 or so, it would make a difference; definitely deserves to be above £9.99, that's for sure), but regardless of that tiny, nigh on insignificant issue, 'The Sexy Brutale' deserves all the praise it can get. A whacky mixture of Cluedo, Groundhog Day, Majora's Mask and later on (really trying not to spoil here!) an M Night Shyamalan movie. The length of the story may turn you off, but this really is a game of quality over quantity; plus, I play a lot of puzzle games and like to think of myself as quite good at them if I blow my own trumpet (or rather, saxophone, in Sexy Brutale's case) so I may have finished the game faster than some others, but only by a couple more hours. But yes, my above statement stands - buy it. 'The Sexy Brutale' truly shows that good things can definitely come from the Unity engine."
76561197994795120,Not Recommended,552590,33165748,Posted: 2 July,all,VidNinja,"Well... It's good. Not great.Amazing sense of style in terms of the art/character design and soundtrack. (Though the SFXs get obnoxious at times, footsteps in particular).The Majora's Mask Murder Mystery gameplay mechanic is quirky and refreshing and worth a look. Doesn't wear it out its welcome either (4-6 hours to finish)The controls are paradoxically not as smooth as they could be, and likely better suited to a controller. (Seriously, right-click-and-hold to move, left click to interact, and a keyboard button to spy through a door? Dafuq?)Very little challenge in the game outside some obtuse puzzle logic. (The only actual ""threat"" in the game can literally be pushed aside and ignored with next to no effort).Story compliments the art design and is similarly stylish but drones on with WAY too much dialog heavy exposition at the end, and you'll see the narrative ""tricks"" it attempts coming a mile away.Very little replay value. The additional collectables are a pointless scavenger hunt that pays off with a lackluster alternative ending.It's on sale for $15 during the Steam Summer sale right now but honestly I'd wait until you could find it for 10$ or less if you feel like trying it out at all."
76561198056853874,Recommended,552590,31253302,Posted: 20 April,all,sawahbodien,"Instant buy after having seen about 2 minutes of Jim Sterling's video. The concept reminded me a lot of the DS game Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective, which I really enjoyed. (Seriously, if you liked this game, then try that one.) And I don't regret buying this game at full price, at all. This is actually the first time I've written a game review in my life, which should show just how much I like this game and want to make sure others know about it!The time that I spent playing the game íncludes - apart from me gleefully exploring every little nook and cranny and watching all the scenes unfold in practically every single room - a couple of hours backtracking and looking for collectibles (which was slightly frustrating, see more under cons below).PROS:+ The art style is wonderful and unique, and I love the use of masks in the game.+ I absolutely love the music and how it's used: it creates a great sense of atmosphere and personality to the different locations, and it's used splendidly to create tension at just the right moments. I especially like the way the music changes depending on what's going on in the vicinity.+ I personally love games that toy with time, but that's a preference that not everyone may share with me.+ The ""puzzles"" never frustrated me because they were based on observation rather than actual puzzle-solving. However, this isn't only a good thing. See more under cons below.+ While the story concept (i.e. the reveal in the end) wasn't really new to me, it was interesting enough. Regarding the story throughout the game, I really like the concept of telling a story through bits and pieces like this: piecing it all together by watching what unfolds in all the rooms of the mansion, one scene at a time, and following it all in real time. The murders were clever and I greatly enjoyed watching them all (some more than others).+ I guess it could have been a longer game, but seeing how much I loved it, I find it well worth the price even for just under 10 hours of gameplay.CONS:- The ""puzzles"" were not really puzzles and I personally found them a little too easy. Some of the puzzles I managed to accidentally solve while exploring the area, without even knowing what was going on, and that disappointed me, especially since I couldn't immediately do some of them over again (because the game forced me onwards). Furthermore, I would have preferred if there were different ways to approach every murder, instead of having only one way to solve them.- The collectibles (playing cards) were mostly easy to find, and everytime I found one, the game told me which specific card it was. But with only one left that I hadn't found in the end, I was out of luck - there was no way to see which cards I had left. This forced me to look up a walkthrough, then meticulously going through basically the whole mansion to search through all the spots until I randomly happened upon one bookcase I hadn't checked. Tedious. (Also, the reward was slightly disappointing imo.)- I would have liked having more options when it came to forwarding time, because as another review also mentioned, there were a few times where I had to just stand around and wait for things to happen.TLDR; The Sexy Brutale is an awesome game with great atmosphere that nonetheless would have benefited from more complex, actual puzzles with different solutions. 9/10 from me."
76561197984803766,Recommended,552590,32832417,Posted: 26 June,all,Tony,"A fantastically orchestrated mix of The Great Gatsby, Groundhog Day, Murder by Death andVanilla Sky. Captivating music, ""puzzles"" that make sense, and a surprisingly good story, well written, with rather disturbingly dark themes, but humorous ones as well. Takes somewhere around five to ten hours to complete, depending on whether you get stuck or how much of a completionist you consider yourself. Might seem bizarre at the beginning, but just go along with it and soon things will start to make sense."
76561197993519799,Recommended,552590,31226018,Posted: 18 April,all,jmyoda,"Nice little puzzle game, I was able to complete it in around 9 hrs. There is one or two spots where it's easy to get stuck with no clear direction on where to go. However it does have a nice polished feel to it and I would recommend it for anyone that enjoys this genre."
,Recommended,552590,31329667,Posted: 23 April,all,Bane The Cat,A great little game with a compelling story to tell.  The Sexy Brutale grabs you tight and hooks you through to the end.  My only complaint is the puzzles are surprisingly simple.
,Recommended,552590,32864415,Posted: 27 June,all,ikk,I personally consider games to be the best storytelling medium and this game is a great example why.
,Recommended,552590,33989649,Posted: 3 August,all,Wyrtt,"Good ground hog type of game, There are very few of those at all.Im not going to explain everything in detail others already did both on forum and here, SO there is a short list of pro and cons.+1. Godlike soundtrack2. Interesting aestetic3. Variety of gameplay mechanics to acompany whole time reset thing.4. Not so bad emotional plot,-About 8 hours long2. Puzzles arent evene remotly difficult, Each chapter could only win from few more steps in puzzle design.3. Plot can be somewhat predictable if you read too much literature in your life,4. Some mechanics only used once or twice per game and forgoten afterwards,Overall this is defenetly a good game for its price. You you can feel the theme, feel hopeleness of situation and joy of discovery than this game is for you,"
,Recommended,552590,32804627,Posted: 26 June,all,aru,"Every day is the same day. The entire mansion is alive, upon first waking up you can hear a variety of sounds coming from different areas each at different times. As you play, you will start witnessing where these sounds are resonating from, now able to associate that particular sound with a particular event in game. The puzzles are usually not that complicated, but it usually involves thorough exploration and studies of character dialogue and movement. Not to mention you're doing this to some killer swing music (I would burn off a few in game minutes snapping along to the songs) The music in this game seems to narrate on its own, climaxing at the most intense event in each particular area of the mansion. The story easily starts discussion and theories, which is a key factor in some very popular titles such as Five Nights at Freddy's. It even has some collectable achievements to increase gameplay time for a bit if you're into that sort of stuff. Overall, a really good game, I'd recommend it to anyone having the slightest interest in this title.However, the only complaint I have is the absence of optimization. I lack a near-decent graphics card and had to maneuver throughout the mansion with less than 20 fps. Other than that, I had a pretty grand time!"
76561197970615402,Recommended,552590,34941666,Posted: 13 September,all,rochrist,"The most horrifying charming ....or perhaps charmingly horrifying game yet. Really original, gorgeous artwork and atmosphere for miles.10/10 would be eviscerated again."
,Not Recommended,552590,32962223,Posted: 28 June,all,KingBaka,"Very short game. Intruiging premise, but fails to fully captivate and capitalise on this. Plot line is very bland until the last act.Good for a quick fill, but will not last longer than 4-6 hours with little replayability. Once you're done with it, you're done."
76561198030686590,Recommended,552590,31532810,Posted: 3 May,all,Drake Ravenwolf,"This game is fantastic!  A true diamond in the ruff.You explore a mystery mansion piecing together the story from many different tid-bits and points of view. You will experience the same day over and over again until you've solved the mystery, so expect Groundhog Day or Life is Strange time rewinds.My only gripe is that the puzzles are rather simple to solve, especially if you are the type of player who likes to collect everything possible as when following the characters around they often times flat out tell you what to do while talking to themselves.  I also wish there was a way to zoom in.Still it is imo fantastic storytelling, great music, immersive gameplay and a compelling ambiance.If you have a free day and are looking for a good interactive story game, I recommend buying The Sexy Brutale."
,Recommended,552590,31091123,Posted: 11 April,all,SgtMumbles,"A ""Murder-Mystery"" game, with a twist: instead of figuring out who dunnit, you figure out how to stop it in the first place, with puzzles built around timing, with some actions being limited to a short window of opportunity.Outside of a few very minor glitches (most of which could just be from the computer I'm using), I find it difficult to see any glaring negatives about the game.  Puzzles are well-crafted, the environment is appealing, and nothing feels arbitrarily placed.  This is likely going to be the best puzzle game of the year."
76561198045288749,Not Recommended,552590,31815124,Posted: 17 May,all,Riiku25,"Not much to say. I cannot speak for everyone else, but I found the puzzles to be extremely trivial to the point where the game basically tells you what to do for the most part, and I do not consider myself to be a genius at solving puzzles. Considering that the whole game is solving puzzles, and that part was really boring to me, I cannot really recommend this. I could talk about the visuals and the story, but since most of the game was watching the character slowly waddle around to solve the puzzle I had already solved in my head, I don't think that really mattered in the end."
76561197993657118,Recommended,552590,32949384,Posted: 28 June,all,Paleorange,This game has an unfortunate name as it does not convey the type of game at all. Think Groundhog Day as you get to relive the same events and try to prevent a number of murders. It is a pure joy to sneak around and see the story unfold and learn how everything ties together. All this is wrapped up in a beautiful aesthetic and I can't recommend this game highly enough. Early sales were slow and it deserves so much more.
,Recommended,552590,31705491,Posted: 12 May,all,Zozo,"This is a game like no other, with puzzles that are fair and rewarding. I recommend taking it all in, follow all the characters and peek through every door. Don`t rush it, enjoy the groundhog day experience,"
,Recommended,552590,32890983,Posted: 27 June,all,GentlemanRaptor,"The Sexy Brutale is like the anti-Hitman, with a little Ghost Trick thrown in. You creep around, and figure out how a murder is to be committed - and then stop it, using tools, the environment, and some special abilities that you acquire along the way. Strongly recommend - and the soundtrack is just outstanding.EDIT: Bloody hell, that ending. Okay, my strong recommendation is now even stronger. Play it. Finish it all the way. And don't look up any spoilers - it'll be worth it."
,Recommended,552590,32753620,Posted: 24 June,all,Launchpad,"Fantastic game. Really unique premise and gameplay, plus a very well-written story and stylish aesthetic."
,Recommended,552590,31990948,Posted: 27 May,all,One Winged Thanatos,"Short Ver: GREAT GAME, this is what happens when you cross Zelda Majoras Mask and Detective work, if you like murder mysteries, masquerades and/or point and aventure games with puzzles then this is one of the best.Long Ver: Lets get the bad out of the way first...-No rebindable keys-Not so great/decent at best keyboard and mouse controlls (might be ficed soo with a patch)-Problems with controllers (In order to play this I had to delete all my previous controller settings, wich was a pain in the ***)-Might have some small performance issues, nothing major but it bothers me when Im trying to open a door and everything BUT the clock freezes so time passes while my character is enchanced by an unmoving door.At least as of right now, the developers have said they would like to fix some/most/all of these complains with patches and the game is by no means unplayable, BUT I consider it worth mentioning.The game is a little short, 6-8 hours on average, it has collectibles and multiple endings but the puzzles remain the same so the replay value is cuestionable at best, this is not a grand adventure, but it executes its concept beautifully, I LOVED the mantion, I LOVED the designs and the characters, the puzzles were fun enough and the story is great for what it tries to acomplish.It feels like this is a game that was made specifically with my tastes in mind, and if you find the screenshots and the concept alluring then you might feel the same."
,Recommended,552590,34022166,Posted: 4 August,all,Angry Owl,"Great game, fun puzzler with quite an engaging story.Among other strong points are great music and extreme attention to details.What can be improved:- game options are scarce (including graphics and controls)- limited replayability (linear story after all)- somewhat short story (perhaps a second day?)Considering the efforts and talent that game developer poured into this game, the price is ok.Still unsure? Grab it on any sort of discount (even 10%).PS: name's totally fine, not sure why some people find it weird or something"
,Recommended,552590,33931557,Posted: 31 July,all,KillerTruffle,"This is a fun little game, with one significant flaw - the controls.  Initial setup for this game is an absolute pain due to horrible control implementation.  For some reason, the game cannot differentiate between the different controllers you may have plugged in or active - including virtual controllers.  It will process any input it thinks it is receiving, and you cannot set a specific controller.  In my case, this prevented me even from using the menus - I had to force-close the game from Windows because I could not control anything in-game.  To resolve this issue, you need to have ONLY the controller you will be using active.  You must unplug all other HOTAS, joysticks, pedals, controllers, and I even unplugged my Vive for good measure.  You must also disable all virtual controllers.  I see this as a cardinal sin in game development - there is no excuse for having to mess with other hardware to make a game work  That knocks the game down from an easy 4.5 stars to maybe 3.Once you sort out the controller fiasco though, it really is a charming little game.  Puzzles often tend to be a bit easier than my over-thinking brain comes up with, artwork and overall design is very good.  I'm sitting at 5.5 hours as of the time of this writing, and am probably around 3/4 of the way through the game, and judging from other reviews, it looks to take anywhere from 6-12 hours to finish, depending on how much of a completionist you are, and how quickly you figure out the puzzles.The mechanics are fairly forgiving - if you make a mistake, you can ""rewind"" the day to noon any time you want, or if you run out of time, you automatically rewind at midnight.  Advancement is handled nicely - even if the person you're currently trying to save dies, you can still explore to find more information, items, or environment objects to use next time through that day.  Spy on people to see where they are and what they do at what time, and as you progress, your map records where these people were at what time.  You can scrub the time forward and back on your map to help you plan your own movements, etc. - pretty key in one particular part, but useful other times too.  When time rewinds, you lose any objects you collected, but you do not lose information - key codes, movement of victims/staff, locations of secret doors/panels, etc. stay with you through any further rewinds.If you can get past the absolutely irritating issues surrounding getting the controller working (and remember, you have to unplug/disable all other controllers BEFORE you start the game), it's worth your time.  I personally would say the game is worth $10 rather than $20 due to how short it is, but if it weren't for the controller problem, I wouldn't feel bad about spending $20 on it due to how polished the rest of it is."
76561198068948199,Recommended,552590,31988567,Posted: 26 May,all,♥,"Fun time-murder-puzzle-thing with plenty of easter eggs. It's about a 6-7 hour game, and is more than worth the price tag."
,Recommended,552590,34226282,Posted: 13 August,all,Cyril,"Dunno if there's much to be said about this one, it's just good from pretty much any angle. Reminds me of Ghost Trick but it plays out in a different way & a different style of gameplay. But the conceit is the same - keep replaying the same day to try and save someone until you get it right. There's no real ""game over"" as far as I'm aware (I mean you do have a health bar but I've never seen it drop between even like 75%, I don't know how you'd ever ""die"" that way). It's a pretty relaxed game for how much it deals with death. And the game is pretty easy overall, the puzzles are not very hard to figure out nor are they very hard to execute but the results are satisfying when you do solve them. And the overarching plot is good as well.My few nitpicks would be that there are a few technical issues - sometimes I experienced slowdown trying to enter rooms & sometimes the room took a second to visually load in leaving me in a black void for a bit. The audio mixing is also a bit off, some sound effect are too loud, and moving between areas sometimes has you hit in the face with suddenly loud music. And the game is a bit on the short side - probably 4-5 hours just playing through normally and only an hour or two more if you try to collect all the cards along the way.But really these are nitpicks and the game as a whole really is quite good. It looks good, it sounds great (most of the time), and it plays great. Definitely work a look."
,Recommended,552590,31105888,Posted: 12 April,all,Kapitan Bank,"What an absolute treat this game was. It isn't very long, I finished it in about five hours but I thoroughly enjoyed my time with it. The story is unfolds into being pretty interesting and the puzzles are quite clever. I personally think the game is best enjoyed if you go in knowing as little as possible so try to avoid spoilers and all that jazz.If you're thinking ""this game looks kinda neat but idk"" then I'd say give it a go.You'll probably dig it."
,Recommended,552590,31229295,Posted: 18 April,all,Geel,Simply wonderful. A+.
76561198325681989,Recommended,552590,31104666,Posted: 12 April,all,Jackpot77717,"A great story that will leave you mind blow. Also memorable characters and cool puzzles that really make you think. Overall, a fantastic game to play."
76561198064801718,Recommended,552590,31375918,Posted: 26 April,all,Savage,Holy cheeseburgers this is good. Was an 8/10 game until the ending bumped it up to 9/10. Get it played!
,Recommended,552590,31761855,Posted: 14 May,all,Mr.Downer,"if you interested with a plot about altering time and interest at solving puzzle, you might want to get this game. but i only recommended it if it's on half price sorry.it's too short, and the puzzles was quite easy, the visual is ++ tho. its really cute and can turn things really freaky at the same time.if they make things more difficult i think it would be bomb for me."
,Recommended,552590,31128876,Posted: 13 April,all,ReynoldHughes,"By the time you're done with this game, the hardest choice is one you've seen over and over, near countless times.Do you want to restart your day?"
,Recommended,552590,32742809,Posted: 24 June,all,DannyboyO1,"Took me six and a half hours, including bathroom breaks. It's good. Glad I got it on steamsale. I solved at least one plot puzzle by accident. Others, I guessed the right course of action, but there were... complications that made it much more interesting.The full collector's ending... the card quest isn't too bad. If you pick up everything that isn't nailed down, you'll have 90%. There's guides already to point to the remainder. The only tricky ones are destroyed accidentally through the passage of time, including a dumb waiter one. And the one on TOP of a security camera you never need to fiddle with. Hidden in plain sight.I got my money's worth, and it was time well spent. Don't expect a huge challenge... but do try to enjoy the basic loop of following everybody around. And the story. And knowing what each odd sound turns out to mean throughout the day.Also, game this most reminds me of? Ghost Trick. Hunt that down sometime. It's even better."
,Recommended,552590,32733475,Posted: 24 June,all,Vitacee,"THIS REVIEW IS SPOILER FREE***Please note this review comes from the point of view of a gamer who plays a lot of murder mystery games. A lot of the points I will talk about will pertain to this genre.***Verdict: Overall I would give the game 9/10. Sexy Brutale is a fantastic game that really adds a new twist and pushes the boundaries of the genre. I recommend this game and will continue supporting the developers should they make more games like this.Cons:Play timePlay time was shorter than I would have liked. I beat the main story in 9 hours. I know part of this comes down to finances, developers, if you're reading this just know that I would be willing to pay more for a longer game.Puzzle difficulty and Linearity of PuzzlesI am used to playing harder room escape games and the difficulty in this game was easy. It is set at a difficulty where anyone can solve it regardless of their experience in puzzle games. I personally wished it was harder (or at least an option to play at a higher difficulty) with less obvious hints. The puzzles are also quite linear, there are only a set number of items you can pick up in each area and it doesn't take much to figure out what to do.Music Transition Between roomsThey are too abrupt and take away from the atmosphere of the game.Buggy ControlsI had to fight with the controls a few times, there was some lag between my input and the display. Loading time between rooms is something I experienced somewhat frequently. That being said the game is playable and I did not experience any save file glitch.Pros:MusicMusic is absolutely amazing. I love jazz and this games SCREAMS 1920s to me. Music was tailored to each room and it fits the theme and art direction perfectly. A+.StoryIf the story can move me then I think it's a story well done. I was definitely moved by the ending and it reminded me much of my favourite childhood game Majora's Mask. The dialogue between characters are fun and brings the characters to life.Art Direction and StyleI loved the art direction with this game. It is unique, memorable, and really suits the character's personalities. The rooms are built to reflect their theme. I absolutely loved the Bar, Garden, Tank room, and insect room.Game PlayMost of the games in this genre is text heavy with very little exploration options. This game is the opposite. It allows the players to move in 3D and piece together the story by themselves. I absolutely love this aspect of the game. It offers a fresh and interesting take on how games in this genre could be made.Games that are similar and also available on steam: Danganronpa + Zero Escape Series"
76561197987866957,Recommended,552590,32883377,Posted: 27 June,all,Hatge,Six hours of fun. Riddles are solveable after investigating the other person's actions.
76561198037832231,Recommended,552590,32850652,Posted: 27 June,all,Punisher,"Fantastic game. Must play for people wanting to experience something fresh, intelligent and made with passion."
,Recommended,552590,32007374,Posted: 27 May,all,Not Legato,"Aside from frame hitching and unresponsiveness when opening doors, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience, and the story had an incredibly satisfying payoff. Didn't have to look for the collectibles separately at all, as they were mostly found by just interacting with everything.Puzzles weren't very difficult (although I still managed to get stuck on a few due some minor ambiguity), though I personally thought the story and how it's delivered was the main dish. The story and lore are to die for, especially for an indie like this.Bit on the pricey side, but worth it for me."
76561198010026656,Recommended,552590,31698538,Posted: 12 May,all,joelfivat,"Awesome awesome little game, loved it.I read some comments saying the game lacks polish ? I don't understand this, as to me the game feels very much polished.Also, I don't hear a lot talking about the mind-boggling ending, I will obviously not spoil it, but prepare to be amazed. There are a lot of strang things happening in the mansion that don't make sense, and the ending explains in all.I have some small nitpicks, but they doesn't in any way make the game bad, I wholeheartedly recommend it, please buy it if you are on the fence.- I feel the order in which you resolve the murder cases shouldn't have to be linear, I wish we were free to freely roam the mansion and solve them in any order.- There are doors that you can't open, and later in the game you are able to access the room behind that door by another way, but you still cannot open the door, which makes you take unnecessary long detours and is very frustrating.- You need to rewind a clock, then activate it, they should activate automatically when you rewind it, two times it made me lose progression.- I feel like the cabinets in which you can hide were a bit useless, since you can almost always spy at the door, I wish there were fewer doors like this so you would have to hide in the cabinets more.- There is a big missed opportunity. You learn to save each guest, but they are not actually saved since the clock resets each time. During all the game I felt like the big finale would be to save every guest at the same time during the same day, it would have been fantastic, but this moment never came."
,Recommended,552590,32802613,Posted: 25 June,all,Cyquinias,"A wonderfully charming, tragically short game. Musically and graphically delightful, and a real joy to play, gameplay-wise. On the negative side, the game can be completed and all achievements unlocked in under 8 hours, and there is no replayability, unless it is simply to experience the sights and sounds all over again."
,Recommended,552590,32891548,Posted: 27 June,all,Noctuam,"Good game, but short (4h gameplay)"
76561198132334561,Recommended,552590,32978700,Posted: 29 June,all,Balsamic,"""A modern classic.""-TotalBiscuitStory - Pure LiteratureThis story and game mechanics are fully integrated, which is something you don't see every day. In addition, this story relates to my human experience on a very personal level. As the only game to ever make me cry, I must recommend this modern classic. Based on some other reviews, it does not relate or appeal to everyone, but if The Sexy Brutale speaks to you as it speaks to me, then it is truely beautiful.Puzzles - Casual FunThe puzzles are really easy. I found them engaging and fun (mostly from a narrative perspective), but not hard or stimulating. If you are a hardcore puzzle fanatic, you will probably sleepwalk this game is a few hours and wish for your money back. Personally, while I do enjoy hard puzzles, I enjoyed The Sexy Brutale as some laid-back fun.Soundtrack - SexyIt's swing or jazz of some kind. Im not sure what it is technically, but instinctively I love it!Length - Short and SweetTook me 9.5 hours to 100% the game with all achievements, collectables, and endings. $20 might be a bit much for such a short game. I got it for $13 on sale.Performance - AbyssmalThe only graphics options are a few resolutions and fullscreen/windowed mode. I had to turn the resolution down to 720p (the lowest possible setting) just for a barely playable 20 fps. Although I am using a laptop, I can still get 25 fps on Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor, which is a very demanding, realistic looking, open world AAA title. The Sexy Brutale looks like a GameCube game and heats up my GPU like a liquid physics simulation. Although the game is slow-paced and requires zero reactions, there is no excuse for this.Conclusion - BUY IT ON SALE INSTANTLYAmazing Story makes Shakespeare JealousEasy ""Puzzles"" for Filthy CasualsSexy SoundtrackShort as a HobbitTERRIBLE Performance, but still worth it"
,Recommended,552590,33033978,Posted: 30 June,all,flynn,"Puzzle games can sometimes be hit-and-miss, but The Sexy Brutale presses all the right buttons--or, rather, pulls all the right arms. Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys puzzles that are interesting and occasionally opaque but always satisfying, who likes a good coating of the macabre on top of their gaming experience, and who is in an OK mental place for dealing with encountering suicide and general death-related shenanigans.The art style is beautiful and evocative, and the premise for the plot is lovely--everything unfurls before you in a well-presented sequence. You may miss not having an easily-accessible 'current objective' displayed anywhere, so make sure to pay attention to the dialogue and keep some notes handy if you need them. Just don't spend the game getting frustrated about not being able to save everyone. Wait until the end. It's OK. You can do it later."
,Recommended,552590,32712637,Posted: 23 June,all,Jesse McCree,"What an absolutely amazing game. From starting it up I was already hooked. The music is great, the characters are fun, and trying to piece together things, and how to help is just a great ride. I urge anyone on the fence about this game to buy it right now and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,552590,32725164,Posted: 24 June,all,Hiruko_Lost,"This is a largely beautiful and stylish game to look at, with one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a game. Gameplay-wise, it plays a bit like Ghost Trick, but solving each puzzle is less about trial and error (and is far less complicated), and instead focuses on exploring your environment, learning everyone's movements and actions, and figuring out what you need to do.This game really captured me, pretty much right from the start. I compared it to Ghost Trick, but I haven't really played another game quite like it. I know some people may not be enamored with some of the story beats, but I really enjoyed the story myself. It runs a bit on the short side, animations are sometimes a little janky (but only for a few frames) and if your vision is bad you may  have a hard time seeing some items - the circles around interactables are definitely your friends. But overall... this will be in my top 5 games on the year, in a year that has stiff competition."
76561197985172866,Recommended,552590,32713462,Posted: 23 June,all,Deke Zander,"This game was an interesting experience. Story rich, great soundtrack, and incremental mechanics that keep the game fresh--it has everything a good puzzle game should have. The only real gripe I had with it was some issues with stuttering/frame drops when opening doors, but I can forgive such a small problem when the rest of the game is so strong. Also, the game is relatively short--roughly 6-8 hours--but don't hold that against it. Every minute spent in-game is engaging, and if you're anything like me you'll find yourself going back again and again just to see what the cast of characters is doing throughout the course of each day. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,552590,32697384,Posted: 23 June,all,nhavers5,It's great!!!Great Gatsby meets groundhog day meets classic point and click adventure game!!!Options are slightly lacking but that is the only criticism.Lots of fun would reccommend
76561198072674784,Recommended,552590,32114170,Posted: 1 June,all,Vndo,"good game? yes!a couple of points i need to add to my review:1. the game have a really good story although the puzzles aren't that good, for example:- the puzzle rely heavely on observation, instead of connecting the puzzle to the plot and provide cohesive storyline  (Tequila Belle's).2.  the game is slow, so slow in fact to the point where you might be bored at some point.3. the game isnt that polish (loading takes time , jerky animation)the game is good not great but good, and the writting in this game is genius.so if you have 5 to 8 hours of your time play The Sexy Brutale."
,Recommended,552590,33907954,Posted: 30 July,all,Reveal Your Meat,"Absolutely fantastic experience. Great music, fun characters and a story that will be in your head for a long time.I'd reccomend this to almost anybody as the mechanics are simple enough while going hand-in-hand with a complex and smart execution. The level of detail in the world is frankly frightening and the work that's gone in to making The Sexy Brutale what it is defies belief. Insane amount of respect to these developers.I'd especially reccomend this to anybody who's enjoyed Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective. This feels almost like a spiritual successor."
76561198009199822,Recommended,552590,33917898,Posted: 30 July,all,Socratdog,Very fun game with great storytelling.
,Recommended,552590,33622962,Posted: 17 July,all,cybermewtwo,I finally beat the game and I gotta say I feel like talking about it even MORE now than I already was before!!! Absolutely genius concept!!!! Just make sure you keep track of the playing cards you find along the way... they're the key to way more than just another achievement (An update with a card tracker screen wouldve be nice tho... just saying). Overall a hell of a game that I've been making all my friends try out :D
,Recommended,552590,33916841,Posted: 30 July,all,Le Sweesh,"A wonderful game, fun, great sounding, and well worth the money!An unforgettable game."
76561198010131631,Recommended,552590,33937166,Posted: 31 July,all,Ael,"This game is a pretty solid adventure game. It took me to do a Perfect 100% save about 10 hours (But I'm kinda meticulous) so it's kinda a fair price for time/played About $0,50 an hour (Bought it with a 50% off) so I'm very happy for the time.Points :+	Great Graphics+	Fun puzzles+	Great concept+	Achievements and trading cards+      Turnaround History-      Very Easy and forgiving (you can pretty much ignore all the aggro mechanics).Overall I would say for an adventure game 8/10.RegardsAel"
76561198048341743,Recommended,552590,33929613,Posted: 31 July,all,Ragnarak,"Great design, great story, great music... a truly wonderful piece of art. Totally recommended and I hope new games as original as this one keep coming in the future!"
,Recommended,552590,33946985,Posted: 1 August,all,Smartnik,"A sweet little puzzle game,  basically Groundhog Day in a murder mansion with a twist. It's very well presented  - cool story, good soundtrack, neat art style (although arguably a bit too cutesy for the matter at hand) and interesting  (albeit easy) puzzles make up for a very entertaining experience that doesn't overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,552590,33936195,Posted: 31 July,all,ButchyBanana,the ending makes up for any mild annoyances the game has
76561198006092528,Recommended,552590,31098358,Posted: 12 April,all,Harald B,"A kind of survival horror in reverse: skulk around and stalk the murderers to learn their methods and routine, then intervene (non-violently) to foil their plots. An original gameplay style, a great aesthetic and production values and a nice sense of humor. The only bad part is that it's over all too soon."
,Recommended,552590,34013170,Posted: 4 August,all,karinh,"This game is just... absolutely brilliant. I can't recommend it enough. The visuals are gorgeous, the music is great (would love a soundtrack DLC, by the way), the characters are charming and compelling, and the story grabs you from minute one. It's the perfect balance of mysterious, creepy, funny, and touching. Discovering the secrets of the mansion and figuring out a way to stop each murder is deeply satisfying. Just a really, really good game."
,Recommended,552590,34020054,Posted: 4 August,all,aromain150,"WAUW, THIS GAME IS BRUTAL, but sexy at the same time 😏9/10+ very awesome game disign+ music and sound play's a big role in the game+ unforgetable characters+ very interesting controls and graphics style+ a lot of secrets and a BIG PLOT- If you aren't patient you will somethimes be realy sick of it"
76561198004051959,Recommended,552590,34023818,Posted: 4 August,all,HornetA9,"A fun, fairly short mystery point and click game. I personally thought the puzzles were easy but very satisfying. Good mechanics to make the mansion fun and worth exploring and the time travel element is a neat twist that I think helps add to the fun of the game. Worth the price of admission, and bonus points for a fantastic title."
,Recommended,552590,31755843,Posted: 14 May,all,FunK,"This one of the few games I really consider as a work of art (Bastion, Transistor and To the moon are other contenders in this area). The experience the game provides is totally worth the price. Absolutely no regrets.If you love beautiful games, this is a must play.Thanks to the devs for this game!"
76561197976707030,Recommended,552590,31760460,Posted: 14 May,all,WholesumGoodness,Awesome little game. Deceptively superfically cute (yet gorgeous) art opens up into a very fun and rewarding adventure with a surprisingly deep story..
76561198271888490,Recommended,552590,31740135,Posted: 13 May,all,Jestergirl,"Words can't decribe how much I loved this game, every character felt amazing, the puzzles are challenging and really satisfying to solve, I easily think everyone should play this for amazing puzzles, characters, and story."
,Recommended,552590,33931262,Posted: 31 July,all,RealMikePence,"I bought this when it was half price, but man, it's worth top dollar.The setting, the art style, and the gameplay all work wonderfully together to create a fun but sinister atmosphere that twists together a colourful detective story with groundhog and a sprinkle of the otherwordly.Although I occasionally had some laggy controls (I think that was my end however) it never caused a big enough problem to make me stop. I didn't want to stop. The story is quirky, the characters also especially when you find their invitation or explore their downfall inside the mansion. If you're looking for a very good puzzler/mystery game that feels so satisfying when it all clicks into place, then definitely pick this up."
76561197982039333,Recommended,552590,33955177,Posted: 1 August,all,Fiscus Fiscalis,"Very interesting and good game. Puzzles aren't that hard, but fun the work out. Ending is nice with interesting end choice!Fun game for a few hours!"
,Recommended,552590,33941629,Posted: 31 July,all,Rhinestone Cowboy,DS4 controls are fudgedGame won't saveLooks prettyFix plz-----They fixed it!Good game.
76561198090621399,Not Recommended,552590,33953828,Posted: 1 August,all,Shadow,"The game does seem fun but once you played it for even a little it gets boring. And theres some trouble when you press the door the character won't go through it. When you press x to spy the character wont spy. It takes multiple clicks to get it done, at least for me."
76561198048879080,Not Recommended,552590,34090102,Posted: 7 August,all,Homestarmy,"Mediocre at best. It could have been great but the puzzles are very simple and mostly about walking around till you understand the layout. It's also very short with little replayability, I got about 6 hours out of it. Story isn't amazing either, and is very linear. Definitely not worth the price."
76561198015106281,Recommended,552590,32830693,Posted: 26 June,all,__theClaw();,"This is one of the best games I've played in a long time. It's a murder mystery game in real-time, with a twist (you can turn back time). Imagine you played cluedo, but you can actually walk around the house as things happen, and spy on the murders. This is what this game is.You are one of the guests in this mansion called ""The sexy brutale"". There are other guests, and also staff. Staff wants to kill the guests (no spoilers).You have to put ones and twos together to figure out what exactly is happening, and save a bunch of people from being murdered, but you're not allowed to interact with anybody directly. You can only effect change through actions that you do when nobody's around.Everything in this game happens in about 10-ish minutes (12 ""hours"" in game time), but because everything happens in parallel, and you can't be everywhere at once, you basically keep playing these 12 ""hours"" over and over again, in different locations of this mansion. Once you save people, you gain their abilities, which is another interesting twist.The art style... OH MY GOD the art style in this game. It is purely amazing, and the level of detail is just fantastic, i mean look at the screenshots.Finally, the music is electro-swing, jazz, retro style music, which not only fits extremely well with the Gatsby-esque aestethic of the mansion, but is also in itself VERY good. You could just sit in front of your computer listening to this music for hours.Seriously... buy... this ... game. It's SO good.I bought it for £10 but it's worth the full price too."
,Recommended,552590,31568350,Posted: 5 May,all,Katana,"I've spent under two hours in this game, but I'm leaving my review straight away because one thing's for sure: This game deserves far more attention.The Groundhog Day concept in a video game is always something that's deserved a bit more exploration, and so far The Sexy Brutale executes on it in an excellent manner, with a very unique art style of its characters, very inventive level design, and just the right amount of information revealed over time to keep you interested.Even after completing goals around each of the guests, I find myself eagerly rewinding to piece together parts of their day and conversations I had missed, and seeing their presence in all these different places, whispering to themselves in ways only my ""Super Hearing"" ability can pick up, offers an impressive amount of life to them.While ""You can miss a lot of things"" is a pretty common field of game design now, the developers are good at knowing how to keep it from being busywork. Important information that could be easy to forget is marked on your map (eg ""You now have the security codes to these three security cameras"") as well as the known positions-per-time of each guest. The most the game will do to point out an objective is to give you a general idea of where to now explore, in the style of the new Zelda.As I said, I'm still early in the game, and it's reported to be a slightly short game which is fine by me. The title may cause some people to raise an eyebrow, but this is a very unique and well-presented package.EDIT: Ending comments sans-spoilers - This game is like the next Spec Ops: The Line for me in terms of literary value. I'd love to get a ""book club"" of people together and have them play the game together in one week, and then have them discuss ""So what did X represent?"" I probably would not have appreciated the ending much if people had just summarized it in a few sentences for me (""What? So....That's dumb!"") but it's very well-presented, and ends up casting a whole new reflection on all the various seemingly unconnected elements of the game. I'd really recommend it for people who like great stories in games, albeit short ones."
76561198375721633,Recommended,552590,31272294,Posted: 21 April,all,76561198375721633,"The Sexy Brutale tells a story about a big mansion where the staff members try to kill all the guests, and your job is to save them all, one by one. However, no matter what you'll try to do, when the time reaches 12 o'clock, the same day starts all over again(I don't want to spoil too much, you'll have to figure this out).Everytime you manage to save someone, you will gain a unique ability and learn a little more about the big secrets the mansion is hiding.Then you also realize that there's a great story, that is WAY better than I expected, and you see how amazing the level design is. I enjoyed every minute that the game lasted - just walking around the mansion, listening to conversations between the guests and staff members, looking for collectibles, and planning how to prevent the next death.The only 'bad' thing that I can say about The Sexy Brutale is that it's a one time experience (just like a Telltale game for example), and there's barely any room for repetition. On the other hand, that is what  it should be, and I think that adding more in order to make this game last longer could actually hurt the game.Overall, this is a fantastic game that needs more attention, a must buy."
76561198028991031,Recommended,552590,31547219,Posted: 4 May,all,Perkan,"This game is what happends if the gameplay of Majoras Mask meets a Murder mystery in a Casino Mansion, its quite something and really well done.The story is pritty good. Not the greatest thing in the world but its enuff to hook you into finding out what is happening.The gameplay is mainly solving different puzzles to prevent the murder of certain persons in the mansion. While simplistic, it is made really well since even tho some solutions are not that complicated, the way to get them is really something.What makes it really interesting is that you are repeating the same day over and over with the same things happening at the same time, and you will soon realise that everything is connected in a really well put togheter way to make it feel alive.The game aint perfect tho...Ive had slight issues using keyboard n mouse when interacting with doors and i had one or two crashes when needing to alt tabb for a short moment.But the main drawback is that the game is short for the price it is asking. Only took me around 7-8 hours to beat the game first time i played it. However it is made up for by just how much polish is put into everything else.So in conclusion:The game is a well polished and a interesting experience if you are into murder mystery games and if you can afford it or get it during a sale, i highly reccomend it. Just BEWARE OF SPOILERS!! Due to the games shortness, spoiling anything can ruin a lot of the game for you.It is best played Blind."
76561198217666808,Recommended,552590,32830020,Posted: 26 June,all,wariodude128,"This is a really good game. Discovered it because of Jim Sterling and I think it deserves your time and money. The game is made with Unity, but don't let that put you off. This is an example of a game made with Unity that's actually good. I recommend it."
76561198009394995,Recommended,552590,31091033,Posted: 11 April,all,Taltos,"Great game. Reminds me somewhat of Ghost Trick for the Nintendo DS. High production values, interesting atmosphere, and the best casino name ever."
76561198042704388,Recommended,552590,31093919,Posted: 12 April,all,Leius,Great style and great gameplay. Nice to see something different
76561198006936642,Recommended,552590,31093282,Posted: 12 April,all,Martyr of the Burning Sphere,"I definitely just beat the game in one sitting, which probably says something. It's got style, atmosphere and the puzzles are interesting and unique. I found myself taking more time than I probably needed solving each murder because I wanted to spend more time following the characters around to hear what they had to say. I also wasn't expecting the underlying story weaving it all together to be so good - I got the impression it was almost episodic between each murder, but it's not. It all occurs in the same house, on the same day.My only complaint is that (some) of the music is only so-so."
76561198049772342,Recommended,552590,31172557,Posted: 16 April,all,starkiller1968,"TL;DR - BUY THIS GAMESo i've 100%ed this game now and it really is incredible, it has a couple small problems but if you think the game looks interesting it really is worth the moneyPros:Amazing soundtrackgreat art stylestrong storysensible and clever puzzlesinteresting charactersCons:The game is a little on the short side, I think just ONE more area would have made it the perfect lengththey really need to add hints or do SOMETHING to make it easier to find the last few collectibles, i spent an hour looking for the last playing card.Overall I really love this game and, if i can, i'm going to get the soundtrack because it really is that good9/10"
,Recommended,552590,31105571,Posted: 12 April,all,Deadmeat -EST-,"Oh my... This game is one of those rare pearls that comes along only once ever so often.I truly, truly wish that this game will get the attention it deserves.Funny, clever, well put together and brilliantly written - this game is a milestone in storytelling in games and at what a price!To say anything more about this game would be to spoil it. This is one of those things you MUST try for yourself. Easily the best 20€ ever spent!"
76561198138683245,Recommended,552590,33561141,Posted: 15 July,all,Sanha,"First of all, if you are buying this game in purpose to see 'beewbs' I feel sorry for you. It's nothing about that. It's a puzzle game with time travel theme.I have played many puzzle game before, but not as enjoyable as this game. Mostly because of its music and environment. I feel so immersed with the setting, the lighting, the ambience and the characters. The story is fantastic, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t edgelord twist, motive is well-driven and simple, thats it. The death of its guest were brutal and sad, especially after I found out the ending. It grows in me.The puzzle is somewhat odd, but none of it were out of place, maybe add a bit of complexity on it. This game is not played for you who hoping to solve some hard case.Sidenote, if this game had its own art book, I'd totally buy it, the artstyle itself is so gorgeous! 10/10!"
76561197968221544,Recommended,552590,33104498,Posted: 1 July,all,snack-speck,"Awesome little gem of a game!If you enjoy games like Majoras Mask or movies like Groundhog Day, you will definitely like this one.Without going into spoilers, you need to re-live the same 12 hours time after time in order to save the guests of the Mansion ""The Sexy Brutale"".The core gameplay aspect consist of exploring the different areas of the mansion, learning the schedules of the various characters and solving ""schedule-based"" puzzles. Don't worry: If you are not perfect at memorizing a lot of details, the ingame map will keep track of everything you directly witnessed at different times.An added bonus is the marvelous - or dare I say: sexy - soundtrack of this game.If you go for a single playthrough it should last you roughly 4-5 hours and 8-10 hours if you want to find all the hidden collectables.All in all: Amazing game! Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,552590,33240867,Posted: 4 July,all,Lysma,"Everything they announced in the trailer is inside there: the absurd deaths, the challenge, the times switch, the colorful characters, beautiful settings, the music... and even some really amazing surprises! Delightful.It is a short game, yes, but I did enjoy every single second of it. I couldn't stop playing and it has been a looooong time since that happend to me. Totally worth every penny you'll pay.The Soundtrack is, of course, absolutely mesmerizing. It never gets boring, changes acordingly and spices up the whole game. I loved it and I miss it already.The Graphics are dazzling. I love the colors, the characters, the places and the details <3 Ah! The details. It is hard to speak about them, appearing and giving so much charm to the whole place without spoiling. Let's say, beautiful libraries, exotic animals and hidden characters ;)The Game mechanics are quite unique and I loved it. The gameplay and ""missions"" are enjoyable, fun, surprising and not too easy. Again, the characters have been carefully polished and designed. Every story is interesting and I wanted to listen to every piece of dialog (which is worth). I tried to be in every corner and get the whole picture. And gosh, so many times I was at 1 second of finding The clue and BAM the time resets... I raged and laughed at the same time. Exquisite.I was so waiting for the ""Grand final"" that is building the whole time, for the final resolution. I completed 100% (which I highly recommend, because it is fun and you'll discover a few extra places and stroy lines that are cool). The story got me really deep and I wasn't expecting it. It is brilliant till the End. I simply loved it. And I am definitely going to play it again in the future.The only negative point is the Missed Opportunity of having a whole day run with all the characters. Yeah, no, that doesn't happen, sadly. The game doesn't allow it, which was very disappointing for me... (I trained for that moment, that never came...) A lot of players are crying about it on forums. I wish and hope the creators will release a DLC where this is possible. But, meh, even so, the Game still diserves a 10/10 in my opinion, which is very rare for me and the reason for that review."
76561197993840897,Recommended,552590,33178648,Posted: 3 July,all,Kohr-Ah,"The Sexy Brutale is a puzzle game focusing on observing folks in order to get information and working out how to save your fellow guests at the mansion. Admittedly, I found the puzzles a little too simple: in earlier cases I accidentally solved the puzzle just messing around with things, thinking there'd be more to it than that. Instead, the challenge comes from gathering the information you need and sidestepping everybody (as you're not allowed to be in the same room).Also, it's short: You'll have the game finished in an afternoon, maybe two if you go hunting for all the collectables.With that said, the attention to detail is absolutely incredible. Almost every room in the mansion is unique and characters are wonderfully animated. The audio too is absolutely brilliant. Each area of the mansion has its own tune, and the way the chipper or serene songs build tension as the clock ticks closer to a guest's impending doom is amazing. When it came to presentation, The Sexy Brutale spared no quarter.Despite how short it is, the puzzles and story are interesting, the characters are entertaining and the nuances in the audio bring the world to life. It's the little things that come together to make it a solid gem that shows plenty of polish."
,Recommended,552590,32836142,Posted: 26 June,all,Kad,"Intresting gameplay, beautiful story, mystery and adventure. I could not reccomend this game more."
,Recommended,552590,32053463,Posted: 29 May,all,Froody,"The Sexy Brutale is rich, delicious, ingenious, each detail masterfully planned. Sexy and brutal indeedy."
,Recommended,552590,31194366,Posted: 17 April,all,westingtyler,"Fantastic game. As a thorough, slow person, it took me 14 hours straight to 100% it, but if I had rushed through it, I probably could have beaten it in 3 hours (without 100%). Even if that short, it's one of the best games in a long time. I feel $12 would be a perfect price tag.If you like Majora's Mask, Groundhog Day, the movie Clue, and/or immersive theatre, doing stakeouts with lots of waiting and following people, building a dynamic map with little heads that show a person's schedule, eavesdropping, and general spying, this game is for you.Super polished and super fun. No performance issues for me.I wish the solutions were a little more complex, and the mansion was a little less linear and more open, and that it let you discover targets/victims and when they died, rather than being a little hand-holdy and linear about it with sectioned off regions and ""here is your new target!"" chapter headings. I wish there were more enemies that were less obviously bad guys, and that there were more filler/superfluous/red herring characters. Now there are none of those. What exists is tight and complete. I'd love a sequel that is more challenging and complex with regard to characters and puzzles."
76561197980585112,Recommended,552590,31106499,Posted: 12 April,all,Stimpy,"Nice little contained game that isn't too punishing. At times I wish you could move a bit faster but only an issue when searching for those last few collectibles and would probably hurt the pacing otherwise.Great soundtrack, great visuals and great atmosphere. Highly enjoyable!"
,Not Recommended,552590,33969041,Posted: 2 August,all,bunny1ov3r,"I was pretty excited about this game, actually, and did not hesitate to buy it on discount. The game itself looks great. Unfortunately, I experienced a game saving bug. I had the version of the problem that while I can see my save slot in-game, I can't load it.I then found a steam thread to which the developer responded to, dated in May, that talks about this problem. It seems like the issue is still not fixed and aren't going to be fixed any time soon."
,Not Recommended,552590,33986642,Posted: 2 August,all,strahmdude,"Now don't get me wrong, 50%+ sale and it's not a bad buy. However, for the full price, they are asking? Never. This review is spoiler free, however, this first bit is all you should really read to have the best experience if you wish to buy it.The puzzles:The actual meat of it all! The tutorial puzzle is simple enough, and I understand leading people into it, even if they refuse to let go of your hand. The second puzzle was horrific, having little to nothing to do with the base mechanics of the game. It's too simple and could be completed the same ""day"". The third puzzle is much more tricky than the first two as it does require you to think just to get there. It doesn't leave you guessing on how to progress as long as you watch and check every nook and cranny. This was one of my favorites. The forth puzzle is easier than the last. It would have made a better second puzzle. It makes a good use of the mechanics of this game while not being hugely difficult. The fifth puzzle is a funny one. It isn't too difficult and is something that uses previous mechanics. Nothing special though. The sixth puzzle is a doozy. This one requires you to explore a lot to find everything. I would like to say this was a gem, but they added randomness into the required pieces. Had that not been the case this would have been my favorite. The final one was an interesting one. Just getting there is the first and most interesting puzzle. As for the real puzzle, you really have to think outside the box and it isn't terribly clear, but not impossible. An interesting and creative end, but nothing to write home about.Overall lackluster puzzles that don't make full use of the main mechanics. I wish they could have used the ideas from the forth and the 6th more, minus the rng. It could have been a great game.The Story:The story is interesting. I wouldn't buy it for the story but it does wrap everything up. It even explains the little details you see. Nothing overly flashy or fascinating though.The collectibles:The cards are scattered throughout the mansion and there is no clever trick to finding them other than clicking on every nook and cranny and being lucky enough to check a place early. Some are timed. There are only two collectibles I can think of that involve any ingenuity, and that is being generous. This adds nothing to the game and you are better off using a guide.The alt-ending:I wouldn't call it a real alt ending. For the effort it took to reach it, it was a massive middle finger."
,Recommended,552590,31089857,Posted: 11 April,all,Sauceddie,"I will keep this review short and spoiler free. It's hard to explain The Sexy Brutale. Essentially you witness murders and try to solve and prevent them by going back in time. Using the clues you find you can now interact with the environment to stage a different outcome. The challenge is that time continues to flow, so characters are always in motion. Couple that with the having to stay out of sight and now you have a puzzle solving stealth time travel murder mystery. Sounds crazy right, but it works! The organization of the levels is very clever and the variety of challenges is increasingly delightful. I truly enjoy this game.If you want want to see it in action, check out the first 20 minutes athttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCel2B-6wZhvQHRAKXmpm1Ew"
76561198041316735,Recommended,552590,31130776,Posted: 14 April,all,Danny,"Best narrative I've seen in a game for a long time.The gameplay is fun, the puzzles are fun, and the story... I wont spoil.I highly recommend this"
76561197995479709,Recommended,552590,34592551,Posted: 29 August,all,Anybody owns Wii U?,"An awesome mix of ""Neighbor from Hell"", ""Ghost Trick"" and ""Majora's mask"".Timeloops, reversals of deaths, beautiful music, intriguing story - it's all in here!!Short and with some performance hiccups but oh so nice!"
,Recommended,552590,31605353,Posted: 7 May,all,Swiss,"A game that takes place over a single repeating day in a mansion, in which you observe and eventually figure out how to prevent murders that happen all across the house.A staple of the ""Murder mystery time travelling masquerade ball groundhog day chrono-solver puzzle game"" genre.  Ignore the weird title, it's a great game and has an awesome soundtrack."
,Recommended,552590,31615323,Posted: 7 May,all,Enagan,"Short, but absolutely worth every cent. If you like puzzle games and mistery solving with a speakeasy aesthetic, then get this game right now!"
76561198056991918,Recommended,552590,31150983,Posted: 15 April,all,Wisdom Cake,"Got this game after reading Jim Sterling's review, and good god I was not disappointed. Gorgeous soundtrack, charming visuals and while the gameplay is somewhat basic,the story and writing more than makes for it. The twist ending was perfectly executed. Have just started my second playthrough, and I still love this game. Just play it already!"
,Recommended,552590,31967082,Posted: 26 May,all,Princess Minerva,"Just... yes.I picked up this game simply after hearing how good it was from internet critics. While their advice is always to be taken with a grain of salt, I also got to see the same critic run the tutorial and I decided then and there this game was something I was going to do.I've beaten the game in five hours. Not monumentally long, but it was the right length. It keeps you engaged and leads you by the nose until you just -gotta- keep playing to see the end.I'm tremendously glad I picked up this gem. Worth every goddamn cent. It's mostly a one-and-done kind of game, though. Once you know the answer to the puzzle, you know the answer. If you're apprehensive about the price versus gametime, wait for a steam sale, but DEFINITELY, please, play this game."
,Recommended,552590,32521030,Posted: 17 June,all,RetiFile,This game's a rollercoaster of the highest order
,Recommended,552590,33510768,Posted: 13 July,all,Gia,"Game was different, quirky and enjoyable, bought it on sale - no regrets.Gameplay was 8-ish hours for 100% completion. The puzzles were challenging enough to be fun. Storyline was interesting enough to keep me playing through the puzzles.Played it with a controller - pretty straight forward with controlling the main character in an isometric worldMusic played an interesting part where it was seemingly disjointed but integral to what was happening at certain parts of the game.Anyway, it was fun enough for me to write a review about it."
,Recommended,552590,31523260,Posted: 3 May,all,Abraqin,"A finely crafted masterpiece. Puzzles, sound, graphics, the story, all round fantastic. Cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,552590,31420961,Posted: 28 April,all,AtomicZombae,Such a good game! When solving the murders you think you have it but theres always one thing missing or i havent completely figured it out could spend a good few hours on this games. The music complements the style of the game very well as well
,Recommended,552590,33390935,Posted: 8 July,all,PatsDark,I totally recomend this charming nostalgic game . Just a pure pleasure to play this title.
,Recommended,552590,33149059,Posted: 2 July,all,jbstans,"I don't know what they were thinking with the PC control scheme, but otherwise a really enjoyable game."
76561198071025629,Recommended,552590,31092790,Posted: 12 April,all,Aku,"good game, great story. The only thing lacking is the inception BWOOONG."
,Recommended,552590,31097303,Posted: 12 April,all,[MLM] MeingroessterFan,"After having pretty much finished the game (only lacking three collectibles), I'm ready to say that The Sexy Brutale is worth your time and money.Despite a few little niggles here and there, like the clunky controls and lack of rebindable keys, a few minor bugs and the questionable necessity of having masks chase you around a room, the game still has a high degree of polish, a quite unique story that keeps you guessing and piecing clues together until the very end, some pretty good writing and a well-crafted atmosphere.Though obviously nothing is completely original, the setup for the story is fairly unique. I haven't seen anything quite like it before, though I'd bet my mother that there are at least a dozen good books taking their spin on the concept. Though the actual inevitable twist becomes somewhat predictable due to some heavy foreshadowing, the characters were entertaining and the creative and macabre death scenes were a lot of fun. While the game has the same sort of tryhard-y artsyness a lot of indiegames tend to go for, it has a lot of levity and charming writing and takes a lot of time indulging in its inherently fun and somewhat silly setting. This levity lead to me being much more absorbed in the story than I otherwise would've been, so I actually gave a crap by the end. So while it's not the greatest thing in the world, it's charming and doesn't take itself obnoxiously seriously, so it gets a big thumbs up from me.Though I think some of the puzzles could've done with a bit more complexity, they were still tricky enough to keep me busy for a while. I'm not a big fan of puzzle games, so maybe their comparative simplicity was a bit of a blessing for people like me, but if you're really into the genre, they probably won't stimulate. But even then, there's still a very charming and creative mansion full of devious macabre secrets and amusing snippets of trivia to read up on as you pass through.Plus a killer soundtrack. I mean, sweet lords, those tunes are so taffing catchy, I can't even. This is one of the few times where I would not hesitate to spend the cash for the game's soundtrack, yet it's not even available! What a world we live in.So on the whole, The Sexy Brutale is a very good game for people who are into this sort of thing. I doubt it will have a big mass appeal, but if you're the kind of person who enjoys spending a long evening getting absorbed in a slightly campy but charming setting, then I think you will enjoy your time with this one."
,Recommended,552590,33950736,Posted: 1 August,all,MrTubzy456,"I usually don't write revies but, this game is amazing. Very well done. I loved the concept so, I picked it up and couldn't put it down and finished it in one sitting. The soundtrack is fantastic. Every murder is so much fun to figure out. The puzzles are fun to figure out. Definitely worth your time and money."
76561198202765391,Not Recommended,552590,33976879,Posted: 2 August,all,o_schnitzler,"Very overhyped. I like the style and music, but the game is quite boring and repetative.I am not motivated at all to play it on and bring it to an end. Waste of money from my side."
76561198013001416,Not Recommended,552590,34064722,Posted: 6 August,all,_trooper,"Such a waste of brilliant art and concept. I got bored with the puzzles after first hour but finished it anyway. Puzzles were very easy and they seldom involve meddling with time. Wish I would have the chance to rewind time, maybe I would reconsider buying this game."
,Recommended,552590,33442483,Posted: 10 July,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,love love love. nice story telling. emotional! great people to try to save and hear what they say!be the hero that every one will loveruns pretty amazing on 4k including steam controller!get it. done!
76561198009460173,Recommended,552590,31807160,Posted: 17 May,all,Eastgaard,Why are you even reading this? Buy it. Play it.
,Recommended,552590,31087875,Posted: 11 April,all,Devianne,this was a very refreshing and entertaining title. totally worth the money. interesting story
76561198112559565,Not Recommended,552590,34779144,Posted: 6 September,all,Burn Note,"I'm torn on this. The game looks good (when it doesn't take ten seconds to load a room), sounds good (when the audio engineering doesn't screw it) and plays... well, it's servicable, if a bit clunky at times (at least with a controller). The puzzles can be quite interesting, and the game play loop rather fun. Except the first are heavily signposted, and the second gets stale, since it also means a hell of a lot of waiting. The story is decent along, and it's interesting to uncover more and more of the Sexy Brutale's secrets.BUT:And this is why I wrote this review, the ending is... a thing. It'll be a matter of taste. Maybe you'd like it. I didn't. It left me profoundly dissappointed. I don't want to spoil anything, so lets just say 'It was all a dream' and its ilk a generally considered a bit of a cop out, and for a damn good reason.If you get it, wait for a discount."
,Not Recommended,552590,34838276,Posted: 9 September,all,Arkas,"I really like the idea behind this: you watch a murder occur, then rewind time to gain clues on how to prevent it.The graphics and sound suit this type of game well, almost feels like a table top game come to live.But I still was left a bit dissapointed by the story, and very dissapointed by the puzzles.I did not enjoy solving any of them, and since that is your core game play I would not recommend this game.Would give a sequel game another shot though, if they were to make one."
,Recommended,552590,33315366,Posted: 6 July,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"ONCE I WAS IN YR ARMS, CRUSHING GRIP OF STEEL, ONCE U HAD ALL MY HEART!!! LORD KNOWS WHERE THAT IS NOW, NOW I SEE THROUGH U AS THOUGH YR MADE OF GLASS!!1! AND ITS TOO LATE EOEOEOAHAUEAAAAAAAH OH WHAT A WASTE OF TIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIME~ AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"
,Recommended,552590,31126815,Posted: 13 April,all,Mad Dok,"Excellent, compelling, 5+ hours of amazing storytelling, if you're not careful you'll consume it all in one sitting.  Well worth the price of admission, almost worth it just for the music and atmosphere alone.""I just want to see how this next bit plays out then I'll stop..."" - Me, several times after 3am."
76561198121334224,Recommended,552590,34675184,Posted: 1 September,all,jakerussell17,"Incredible game. Personally it wasn't for me because I don't enjoy puzzle oriented games, I enjjoy fighting-esque games. That said I bought this game and played for 1.5 hours and it is INCREDIBLE. The first level was really satsifying nad you can feel the new situation, powers, abilities etc. in the coming levels.    9/10 game"
,Recommended,552590,31545309,Posted: 4 May,all,Krombopulos Mike,"Don't pay attention to the name, don't read any other reviews, watch any videos, just buy this game."
76561198000493031,Not Recommended,552590,33959247,Posted: 1 August,all,Horatios Weepy Dick Cheese Fish,"I first bought this game because its core concept, that of Groundhog Day combined with a reverse Hitman: Blood Money premise intrigued me, and the steam footage looked gorgeous. It came on sale and I dropped a coupla quid on it.Once I opened the game up however, I began to see a handful of problems, not least the fact that the movement controls are tooth-grindingly counterintuitive, and the mechanic of hold in the mouse button on the desired place to move feels like a slog. This however, was but a minor annoyance when compared to the difficulty of having to perform almost any action at all in the game, especially opening doors. the only instruction given is that one must 'left mouse click' on doors to open them, and press 'x' on the keyboard to peek through the keyhole. While this sounds simple enough, in practice it can be a nightmare, as the actions are often not triggered by pressing the button, unless the button is mashed repeatedly which, given the time sensitive nature of numerous actions can be a pain in the backside.I'm not sure if this is a fault with my ol' faithful laptop or with the game itself, but there seem to be no options to assist in turning down the settings to make it less processor intensive and... to be brutale honest: this is a point-n-click adventure, and if there was ever a genre designed for a lumbering rustbucket of a  PC it should be the point-n-click.While this is a game of immense promise and some genuinely humourous moments, I cannot recommend the game  until these issues are patched or fixed. I await the day, and will gladly change my mind when it happens."
76561198027239685,Recommended,552590,34360541,Posted: 19 August,all,arkton,Great game. Fantastic plot from beginning to the end. Very elaborately planned gameplay and progression. It was very satisfying to solve the mysteries of this mansion.
76561198045238960,Recommended,552590,34352587,Posted: 19 August,all,Mahengeb,"Great story that keeps you guessing until the very end paired with an interesting mechanic, good puzzles and unique aesthetic.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,552590,32861748,Posted: 27 June,all,cellbit,Really neat game.
,Recommended,552590,31188513,Posted: 16 April,all,Boon,For once an adventure game that I really have enjoyed!The Sexy Brutale offers a great adventure game experience. This is not Monkey Island! In addition it has a great soundtrack and a plot that will leave you speechless for a while.I recommend buying it right now! No matter if it's on sale or not. It is well worth its price.One major complaint I have about The Sexy Brutale tho: Where the hell is that bloody soundtrack?!
,Recommended,552590,31194156,Posted: 17 April,all,whoiscraig,"An awesomely fun game where you relive a 12 hour period of time over and over again, ala Groundhog Day. It encourages exploration, thinking, and paying attention without rushing you, because you can always restart the loop of time over again. I loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,552590,31226134,Posted: 18 April,all,M.,Bloody brilliant. Play it.
76561198169042023,Recommended,552590,34003944,Posted: 3 August,all,Jerry,"Sexy, because gambling entices.Brutal, because it addicts.Brutale for the exotic touch.A macabre story, that brings you in touch with destinies ending in sudden, soon death, to witness, to prevent, to learn. Rarely, a bloodbath has been more entertaining and delightful in its horrible ways. Join the corpses in their neverending dance.If your soul still holds place for a new scar, this game is one to be highly recommended."
,Recommended,552590,33152494,Posted: 2 July,all,Frosh,"I don't think I've enjoyed a game's story and feel this much in this way since Bastion.  The gameplay isn't super difficult but the atmosphere and mechanics certainly kept me interested for an entire playthrough and, although the twist was a little predictable, I still found the ending satisfying and will probably play through a second time."
76561198038997213,Recommended,552590,33163875,Posted: 2 July,all,swiftmason1,This game had me hooked from the start. Amazing music and beautiful visuals. Found myself in awe just admiring the architecture of the mansion. Great story and was left wanting more.
76561197998605149,Recommended,552590,33166731,Posted: 2 July,all,Lee,The story has good pacing and the puzzles aren't too hard but are satisfying to complete because you can empathize with the characters a bit after stalking them. The soundtrack to this game really helps to set the scene and is enjoyable to listen to.
76561198035745714,Recommended,552590,33175914,Posted: 3 July,all,timeman6789,"Amazing soundtrack, stunning aesthetic."
76561198073889049,Recommended,552590,32029999,Posted: 28 May,all,Kentucky Fried Children,The Sexy Brutale is a short but highly recommendable experience in which you are tasked with  sabotaging  murders without directly interveneing with any of the characters in a large casino mansion where the day will reset at 12pm after midnight resetting everything except the knowlege you gained from spying on victims and murderes.The game has metroidvania elements as when a character has been saved you obtain a power coming from an aspect of said character.It is lore rich and has a great sense of dark humour from the nature of the murders and the murderers as well as a really catchy themetune to top it off. It is an extremely unique experience and though the price tag may be a little high I'd urge you not to give it a miss.
76561198008922975,Recommended,552590,31322516,Posted: 23 April,all,Kravan54,The Game. The Music. The Style. They are all executed wonderfully. Play this game.
76561198013519717,Recommended,552590,31214960,Posted: 18 April,all,MShuriken,11/10 i need an expansion or a sequel NOW!
,Recommended,552590,31607303,Posted: 7 May,all,Lustin Dong,"The Sexy Brutale isn't so much a mystery as it is a character study. Not a study of the protagonist mind you, but of the titular casino itself. As you progress through the game you learn the ins and outs of what makes The Sexy Brutale tick. Every bang, knock, rattle, and crash has a clear reason for it. A lot of the knowledge you acquire comes naturally through gameplay. This aspect of it alone had me hooked but it's all backed up by a incredible soundtrack and lovely artstyle. The biggest issue I had with it were the controls which would often times feel unresponsive when interacting with objects. Not a deal breaker by any means but it's something worth pointing out. Overall pretty great game. Although I was little disappointed that the mystery aspect of it was rather weak everything else more than made up for it."
,Recommended,552590,31612584,Posted: 7 May,all,Tobyonekenoby,"The Sexy Brutale is a short story driven puzzle mystery game. Even though the game is short I believe that the sheer quality of the gameplay is worth the pricetag. The grahics style is great, the soundtrack is amazing and the dialog is great too. I fully recommend this game to anyone who likes story driven puzzle games. Though it should be said that the story and the game world is the main meat of the game. Because the puzzles are quite easy."
76561198071501309,Recommended,552590,31614840,Posted: 7 May,all,Thyphonius,"Hi guys,I am so glad to finally play a ""new"" and refreshing game. Here is what you need to know. It's a story driven detective / puzzle game. In the art style that you see in the screen shots. You need to prevent murders by traveling back in time and repeating the day over and over. Solving one murder at a time. Music is good (Jazzy). Graphics are good. Gameplay is good. There is really nothing to dislike with this game. I read in other reviews that is was a little short. Thats where the 20$ comes in I guess. I'm having a lot of fun so far and already feel my money was well spend.Finally a refreshing good game. 9/10"
,Recommended,552590,31606671,Posted: 7 May,all,aurimatic,"Interesting indie puzzle game with a compelling story and intriguing mechanics.  It's kinda short, but very much worth the price."
76561198041012754,Recommended,552590,31614594,Posted: 7 May,all,coldmetalhands,One of the best games I've played on Steam. It is a lot of fun to unravel the story. The puzzles themselves are simple but the repeating day mechanic is still well done. I recommend avoiding any guides or hints for this game as most of the value is in figuring everything out yourself since the game itself is fairly short. Great music and visuals too.
,Recommended,552590,31614093,Posted: 7 May,all,Fiftytoo,Great puzzle game.
,Recommended,552590,32814151,Posted: 26 June,all,TheGreatJerboa,Rich short puzzle game
76561198043718498,Recommended,552590,33667572,Posted: 20 July,all,sarumansmagicstick,"A damn fine game.Play it, go on..."
76561198077449566,Recommended,552590,34131983,Posted: 9 August,all,MrMeeseeks,Majora's Mask 2: Electric Boogaloo
76561197990927675,Recommended,552590,31351506,Posted: 24 April,all,Schatzeder,Good stuff
76561198002660676,Recommended,552590,31365228,Posted: 25 April,all,Johnny Wishbone,Fantastic game and a steal at £15.
76561198029622917,Recommended,552590,32397247,Posted: 13 June,all,Undead Kid,This game is amazing.
76561198031145281,Recommended,552590,32629357,Posted: 21 June,all,mr_grimm,"Good music, interesting characters and story. Recommended."
76561198126197665,Recommended,552590,33917561,Posted: 30 July,all,Zuren of the Moon Folk,Loving it!
76561198006821397,Recommended,552590,33938362,Posted: 31 July,all,Pyrofox,An incredibly unique & compelling game. Game of the year contender.
,Recommended,552590,32088335,Posted: 31 May,all,Luke Ario,"8/10Could have been 9/10, but the ending was 'eh' for me."
76561198059700347,Recommended,552590,33959505,Posted: 1 August,all,Ailments,Jesus christ buy this
,Recommended,552590,33997907,Posted: 3 August,all,Hawkeye,"You have unlocked Sixpence None the Wiser...  Richer?Kiss me out of the bearded barleyNightly, beside the green, green grassSwing, swing, swing the spinning stepYou wear those shoes and I will wear that dress.[Chorus]Oh, kiss me beneath the milky twilightLead me out on the moonlit floorLift your open handStrike up the band and make the fireflies danceSilver moon's sparklingSo kiss meKiss me down by the broken tree houseSwing me upon its hanging tireBring, bring, bring your flowered hatWe'll take the trail marked on your father's map[Chorus (repeat)]"
,Not Recommended,552590,34185648,Posted: 12 August,all,euqil,It is certainly a unique game but I just could not bear myself to finish it. It gets a bit tedious and there is only one way to solve each murder and always it's through moon logic.I am lukewarm to it and I recommend to get it with deep discount if at all.
,Recommended,552590,34242117,Posted: 14 August,all,Atrumitos,"An interesting gameplay, coupled with great style, pretty visuals and a beautiful, personal story, made this an amazing experience for me. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,552590,31126862,Posted: 13 April,all,Jam Warrior,An exquisite gem of a game.
,Recommended,552590,31127646,Posted: 13 April,all,Muck Jay,Ghost Trick meets Majoras Mask.
76561197973387259,Recommended,552590,31127626,Posted: 13 April,all,Matt Raptor,"Just finished it quite the story, great puzzles, and a very deep ending that connects what seem to be meaningless missions from the beginning and develop into a wonderful ending."
76561198044814175,Recommended,552590,32267927,Posted: 8 June,all,OpenAI(Bot),Worth it
76561198009997160,Not Recommended,552590,33960428,Posted: 1 August,all,pizza402,"it's not a bad game, and I actually enjoyed it quite a bit, but it's not worth 20$, it has some intresting mechanics, but it lacks gameplaysummery:gameplay 2/5soundtrack 5/5story 4/5ending 0/5 ( I really hated it)basicly you should only get it's on sale"
,Recommended,552590,31186566,Posted: 16 April,all,Xylomn,This is a very nice little game that wile a little short and lacking a little progression in the complexity of the puzzles is enjoyable and well worth the asking price.
76561198001585521,Recommended,552590,31192531,Posted: 16 April,all,Legenduck,Great game. Atmosphere and theme alone sell this.
,Recommended,552590,33616705,Posted: 17 July,all,Goodfella,A very good and different game. The puzzles were interesting and the story was great!
,Recommended,552590,34011238,Posted: 4 August,all,SmartCunt,"In ""The Sexy Brutale"" you go around a mansion/casino to prevent the murder of the guests with the help of minor time travel while slowly discovering the secret's of The Sexy Brutale mansion/casino.Very well done gameplay, world and character design. With not to mention an amazing soundtrack which sadly (when writing this review) isn't able to be digitally purchasable. Only big negative I can come up with at the moment is that the controls are a bit flimsy."
,Recommended,552590,34385845,Posted: 20 August,all,Sinful Sorcerer,"What a marvelous masterpiece! If I were to describe it I'd say it's a mix between Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective and Luigi's Mansion. But although I can certainly see inspiration may have originated from these sources, among others, the developers of The Sexy Brutale makes it their own thing entirely.As this is a very story-driven game I will keep this short. Just know that if you're into puzzle-solving, exploration and suspense/horror settings, I highly recommend The Sexy Brutale for you!"
76561198160296569,Recommended,552590,34452870,Posted: 23 August,all,Wildpoepen,"Great artwork and interesting storyline, that being said, it isn't a very long game."
,Recommended,552590,34522115,Posted: 26 August,all,Kethlak,"Still thinking about this game days after finishing it. Did not expect the feels at the end. The quirky art style and surreal nature of the mansion nicely prevented it from being too creepy for my tastes, despite having a rather bleak, almost eldritch horror thing going on at times. Thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,552590,35225862,Posted: 26 September,all,NReale3370,"This was a wonderful game, with tons of charm, uniqueness, and sharp gameplay while it lasted.  I'd recommend this when heavily on sale, as I 100%'d the game in 7.6 hours, and there's only marginal replay value as each murder is easy enough to solve once you figure out what needs doing.  The puzzles were in my opinion just the right amount of difficulty.  I spent some time on some, but always knew I had the tools in front of me to solve it.  The time pressure is minimal since the day is fairly quick and easy enough to jump to later points in the day, so unlike other time-loop games you're never really waiting around for anything to happen.  The story is also very intriguing, moving at a nice pace and revealing little details about the people and the mansion itself.The big thing that makes this a heavy sale recommendation is really just the length.  With only 7 murders (including one pretty much tutorial murder and an ""epilogue"" murder with a fair amount of hand holding), there's just not a lot of content to burn through.  A successor to this game could be incredible of it either doubled the amount of murders or expanded the individual murders to have more moving parts.  At the end of the day though too much risks overstaying its welcome, and the game definitely doesn't waste your time, each murder is unique and full of charm.  I would recommend this for a heavy discount sale and keep an eye out for any sequels as they're sure to be a gem!"
,Recommended,552590,35234101,Posted: 26 September,all,edderiofer,"Puzzle-wise, The Sexy Brutale is a little lacklustre. Perhaps only half of the few puzzles are good; the rest I blindly fumbled through. However, the story and environment make up for it (and this comment comes from someone who usually doesn't care about story and environment).In The Sexy Brutale, you play as priest Lafcadio Boone, who runs around a giant mansion, witnessing the murders of guests at a party, and rewinding time to stop their deaths. The whole game takes place over the course of a single Saturday from 12 noon to 12 midnight, though time rewinds back to noon once you hit midnight.The direct comparison would of course be toGhost Trick: Phantom Detective, as both games revolve around the same premise. However, whileGhost Trickhas you stop the murder *while* it's happening, The Sexy Brutale has you stop the murder *before* it happens. It forces you to do this by disallowing you from being in the same room as another character, so you can never directly affect things in the room.Another key difference is that this is a more isometric view, and you have free movement (as opposed to in Ghost Trick, where you can only move between cores). You also don't have any special ghost-powers. This makes for slightly-less-good puzzles in The Sexy Brutale, unfortunately.The environment in The Sexy Brutale is superb, however. Since the whole mansion is a single setting, you can observe evidence of other victims' deaths while you're working on saving a different victim. For instance, one of the first victims you save dies from a gunshot at ~3:45. (His death, along with any other deaths you've prevented, resets when you reset the day.) No matter where you are in the mansion, assuming you haven't managed to save said victim, you'll hear that gunshot. You'll also hear a bell go off just before 7:00 (that's another victim), and some glass breaking at 4:15. This happens on every iteration of the day you're in. And indeed, the people in the mansion do react to these sounds, adding to the immersion.Another way the game plays with the time-looping mechanic is with the soundtrack. The same ~6 minutes of soundtrack play throughout each iteration of the whole day. While the soundtrack changes with the room you're in, it's undeniable that it feels very much like you're playing through the day again and again, but trying to accomplish a different goal each time. Further, the soundtrack accompanies the murders well.The controls, unfortunately, are a little weird for keyboard and mouse, and unfortunately aren't remappable. I don't know how good the game plays with a controller, but you may find it more comfortable using a controller instead. Regardless, this is a minor quibble I quickly got used to; the constant key-prompts helped, too.Without spoiling too much of either game, I should also note that the story in The Sexy Brutale isn't as intricate as that of Ghost Trick, and nor are the puzzles; if I had to recommend only one of the two, it would be Ghost Trick hands-down. Nevertheless, both games told the stories they wanted to tell well, and The Sexy Brutale has a more immersive world than that of Ghost Trick.Point is, The Sexy Brutale is a good game in its own right. It may not be great puzzle-wise, and it may not surpass Ghost Trick in terms of story intricacy, but its world is very well-made and is enough to carry it through from ""just OK"" to ""pretty good"". Get this first if you like a neat story with a good environment, and if you feel like the ""stop the murder from happening"" type of puzzle felt fresh, feel absolutely free to buy Ghost Trick as well (on Nintendo DS or iOS)."
,Recommended,552590,34352524,Posted: 19 August,all,𝞰𝞲𝞰𝞮,"The music is wonderful, the art direction is fantastic and the story keeps me intrigued! Great game, good job game devs."
,Recommended,552590,34394220,Posted: 21 August,all,Marauder Shields,Do yourself a favour and buy this game.A little masterpiece of art design and story telling.
,Recommended,552590,34622899,Posted: 30 August,all,Ashotep,"Catchy music with an interesting story.  Puzzles never seemed to tricky and hit that ""just right"" feeling.  I got it on a 50% off sale and that price felt about perfect for what it is."
,Recommended,552590,34660766,Posted: 1 September,all,Op.9 No.2,"As I am a fan of video game music, I really like this game and are still listening to the music, even months after finishing the game.Also: Good Game ^^"
76561197977287357,Recommended,552590,34870306,Posted: 10 September,all,Jote,Clever mechanics. A game I did in a day (8 hours long run). The end is somehow disappointing and anticlimactic but I'm still pleased by those dollars spent.
76561198086243495,Recommended,552590,34907888,Posted: 12 September,all,Scooter,"What a ride.  I was genuinely absorbed by this game's tone, setting and creepy surprises.  So much grandeur, charm and class dripped from the design of the levels, the characters, the music, the story... really well done.  I want to say more but am too scared I'd ruin even the smallest bit of the mystery.  More please."
76561198374371748,Recommended,552590,35252109,Posted: 27 September,all,Shiro_chan63,"All I can say is that I found this to be a really fun game with a great story. The puzzles can be kind of lackluster, but I personally didn't find that to be much of a problem. The art is beautiful, the music is wonderful, the gameplay is fun, and did I mention that the story is great? Honestly, I think that the story that is the 'make it or break it' for the game for anyone who puts a lot of stock in a game's story. For those who put a lot of value in a game's puzzles.......I honestly don't know if the puzzles will be able to sell you on the game. Regardless, I say to give this game a chance."
,Recommended,552590,35324930,Posted: 29 September,all,Hael the Okay,"It's been a while since I played this game, but felt that it would be good to leave a review since I really did like this game. The story and puzzles in this game were awesome. The mysteries became more challenging with each case, but were not too hard that I couldn't figure them out. I loved this because while I do well at most puzzle games, there are usually one or two puzzles that I have to find walkthroughs for and all. This one- you don't need to. The story has a slightly predictable end, but it is still a twist. It's definitely worth a shot"
,Recommended,552590,34588866,Posted: 29 August,all,EthanRayJohns,"Absolutely incredible. The story is gripping enough to keep a player constantly wanting more. Sound plays a key role in guiding the player and keeping them aware of their surroundings, and luckily it's done masterfully with excellent music and subtle (along with not so subtle) audio queues. Cannot reccommend enough for one that cares about a solid narrative experience."
,Recommended,552590,34724873,Posted: 3 September,all,Willman122987,"Good game. A little short, but in the way that i was left wanting more."
76561198009584846,Recommended,552590,34823440,Posted: 8 September,all,Jodell,"Really not what i was expecting from the trailers on steam, but was really plesently surprised!Great game, really awesome soundtrack which adds so much atmosphere as you make your way around the mansion!"
76561198057508461,Recommended,552590,35172475,Posted: 23 September,all,Helen_NZ,"Cons: stupid, stupid namePros: beautiful, dark, affecting game with a great storyline and puzzles which are just the right level of difficult. This game will stick around in your head and heart."
,Recommended,552590,35258541,Posted: 28 September,all,Hangry Eli,"After hearing some very positive reviews I dived into The Sexy Brutale with high expectations, and I was not disappointed. This jazzy murder fest requires the player to explore a huge mansion full of intricate puzzles, with the mission of trying to save the victims before their murder is committed. Thanks to your magic time-looping abilities, you have infinite chances to find the information you need to complete your objective. The colorful art direction and the swinging soundtrack made this hidden gem an absolute delight to play, and I highly recommend that you do not miss out on this."
,Recommended,552590,33919211,Posted: 30 July,all,PostGhostParty,"Weird name, awesome game C: Please do give it a try."
,Recommended,552590,31218779,Posted: 18 April,all,Soshidow,"I'm recommending this for its entertainment value, it's a fun game, charming art style, good music, and enough of a mystery to keep you intrigued.If you've come for puzzles, I do not recommend it:Reliving the same day over and over, you would expect convoluted problems, requiring in depth investigation and mastery of the day to solve (akin to groundhog day, all you need is kill etc.). That wasn't the case, it was so simplistic I solved half the murders before even knowing what I was doing or what it would accomplish."
76561198002060237,Not Recommended,552590,33140180,Posted: 2 July,all,./akary.u¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"I really wanted to play this game. On one hand it has a fantastic setting with a very cool gaming conzept and a story you really want to investigate. Also the fact that you only play one certain day which is repeating over and over again sounds nice in the beginning, but then...Unfortunatly the game could not realise its full potential. To be fair the riddles are not that hard. At the beginning they were also fun to solve. But after a certain point you do not really know what to do or where to go, then you maybe get an idea and then the day repeads from the beginnig... Then you find a key and a lot of locks but it does not fit in any of them and the day begins again... Then you get a mask which allows you to open doors (so say the description) and an NPC tells you to find locked doors and you think ""cool I can pass where I could not before"" but suddenly mystic powers of heat and cold do not allow you to pass and then the day repeats...To make it short, when you like the idea of playing a game under the preassure of time and spontaneously getting slapped in the face when it starts to bring fun...here is a game for you!"
76561198014681120,Recommended,552590,32894683,Posted: 27 June,all,Dird,Liked the game. Fun and entertaining puzzles. Entertaining to just stalk the characters and see what they are going to do. I found the movment in the game to be a little tedious at times when you had to run around the whole mansionI thought the ending was a little wierd and hard to understand when it suddenly everyone and everything was lucasI rate the game 7.5/10
76561197960438510,Recommended,552590,31592948,Posted: 6 May,all,DocFrog,10/10
,Recommended,552590,32982435,Posted: 29 June,all,Spksh,Shiny!
76561198151950557,Recommended,552590,31206238,Posted: 17 April,all,hnhdb1,//... Bravo.. //....//....Bravo...//......Encore....Encore
,Recommended,552590,31524835,Posted: 3 May,all,Dicktacular,F**KING AMAZING BUY IT. PLAY IT.
,Not Recommended,552590,33963341,Posted: 1 August,all,Sackon,"An interesting game, but short as hell.  You'll be lucky to get more than 5 hours out of it, and that's if you take your time to find everything you can collect.  Would love to see a more fleshed out game like this with more content, but unfortunately I can't recommend this game unless it's on sale for at least 50% off."
76561198002131249,Recommended,552590,31187419,Posted: 16 April,all,TheHmm,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is a good game. BUY IT! BUY IT TWICE!
76561198131783870,Recommended,552590,33757515,Posted: 23 July,all,Respawn,Oh sooooo sexy. And oh so brutale.
76561198242113112,Recommended,552590,34512986,Posted: 26 August,all,Beyond GodLAG,"come for mystery, end ups in a feeling train, and yes i already reach the ending within less than 5 hours"
76561198032777622,Recommended,552590,35067444,Posted: 19 September,all,Conquistadork,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7xQ8zbffTc&t
76561198122114812,Recommended,552590,34499469,Posted: 26 August,all,fluffy_vulture,Absolutely exquisite and stylish!
,Recommended,552590,34888894,Posted: 11 September,all,Alassiel1347,"A wonderful game with a really nice concept. I would have liked the puzzles to be a bit more complex, but that is a personal opinion and a minor problem considering how interesting the game is otherwise."
,Recommended,552590,34467708,Posted: 24 August,all,Literally Hitler,"Story/puzzle game takes like 6-8 hours to beat, it's pretty good"
,Recommended,552590,31617075,Posted: 7 May,all,Bobbe,.
76561198345503346,Recommended,552590,33920447,Posted: 30 July,all,☩⎛⎝╬Eyecee╬⎠⎞☩,fun game to chill and play
,Recommended,552590,34886289,Posted: 11 September,all,LittleReb,Puzzles? CheckFunky looking mansion? CheckCollectibles? CheckHidden passages? CheckPanicking that you're gonna get killed by a mask? Check10/10 would stop people from being murdered again
76561198113502428,Not Recommended,552590,32727268,Posted: 24 June,all,MKDaddy,"No option to change control device, makes unplayable for anyone wanting to use keyboard and mouse but having any other type of controller installed"
,Not Recommended,552590,34277049,Posted: 16 August,all,borbak3,"The text vanishes too quick, we dont get a chance on earth to read the story......."
76561198024003146,Not Recommended,552590,34889118,Posted: 11 September,all,Rhodophon,"I was one of those who really, really wanted to like this game.  Unfortunately, given what the game actually is, I can't recommend it.What I liked about The Sexy Brutale has already been covered in depth by others: the artwork and the atmosphere are quite beautiful (I especially liked the combination gasmask/playing card idea for the staff).  The characters have good backstories which keep them from becoming two-dimensional.  The brochure, which contains information and backstory for the hotel and updates as you play, is an excellent idea.  The dialogue is passable and appropriate for the characters.  A shadowy, chained figure waiting for his cards is something I find very intriguing.And there the list of positives ends.  I will list the negatives in order of importance.The first negative aspect of the game is the name itself, ""The Sexy Brutale.""  While I don't necessarily agree that use of the word ""sexy"" will lead prospective gamers to expect sex, I still think it was a mistake.  You simply don't find casinos or hotels with the word ""sexy"" in the name.  In fact, you don't find any high-end establishments where the word ""sexy"" is featured.  It doesn't need to be.  ""The Brutale"" by itself is a superior name, and it's not even my first choice.Secondly, this has been referred to as a puzzle game, but the actual puzzles presented to the player are so simple that it's tempting to call them pseudo-puzzles.  All too often the object needed to solve the problem and save the guest is laying in the open for no apparent reason.  I assumed (incorrectly) that the puzzles would become more complex as the game progressed, and more than once found myself overthinking the problem; the solutions are uniformly unsatisfying because they are so simple, and sometimes that simplicity makes them seem downright unrealistic.  Guests can only be killed in a specific time and place, so that saving them can be as easy as keeping the staff away from the appointed place during the appointed time.  If you're expecting the target to be chased through the hallways by a determined killer, you will be disappointed.  Once the initial murder is foiled, the game considers the guest in question perfectly safe. Furthermore, foiling the murder usually comes down to using a single quest item one time.  There are no intricate problems to untangle.Lastly, the ending is absolutely abysmal.  ""It was all a dream"" kind of abysmal.  There was a period of time, maybe in the late 90's, when every other horror movie ended with the revelation that the main character had multiple personalities, and none of what you just watched actually happened.  The Sexy Brutale's storyline ends with a silent, wet fart.  The reveal is the definition of anticlimax, where the original sin of the antagonist and the premise of the entire game are shown to be incredibly mundane and well-traveled.  It also accidentally destroys the backstory (as revealed through dialogue) of the protagonist, Lafcadio Boone, without any explanation, so that the lack of originality is exacerbated by sloppiness.The Sexy Brutale could have been saved by better puzzles and a decent story.  As it stands, it isn't worth anything close to the asking price."
,Recommended,552590,31086900,Posted: 11 April,all,JohnPaulGrim,Now this is a great game.
76561197972018699,Not Recommended,552590,31617366,Posted: 7 May,all,TV4Fun,"I would really love to play this game. It looks fun. However, it is detecting a controller I do not have and is refusing to let me play with keyboard and mouse. This is really unacceptable. Please fix this."
76561198072846249,Not Recommended,552590,32352685,Posted: 11 June,all,manusveritas,"I wish I could say I've played the game for more than 3 minutes, because it looks frigging brilliant.  I haven't however, because it would seem that the game thinks I have a controller plugged in (which I do not) and I am unable to get past the opening scene.  I've done a bit of looking for some kind of solution but haven't come up with some surefire way to fix the problem.  I am posting this to warn anyone that doesn't have a controller, be aware you may have issues until they patch this issue.Once this problem is fixed, I'll reassess and post an actual review."
76561198020303628,Not Recommended,552590,33913686,Posted: 30 July,all,NM_Coot,Beware of mouse/keyboard issues!!!  Check the forum before buying this game!
76561198042676703,Not Recommended,552590,31407601,Posted: 27 April,all,Siegmeyer,"Good game, but was very short and too easy in my opinon. Not worth the $22 CAD"
76561197995986158,Not Recommended,552590,33837121,Posted: 27 July,all,b4ckbl4st,No keyboard and mouse support
76561197966975615,Not Recommended,552590,31527634,Posted: 3 May,all,gugusfurz,No Xbox one and generic controller support. No Key Rebinding. No money from me.
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,552590,31257753,Posted: 20 April,all,fjk1138,Didn't care for it.
76561198027052263,Recommended,552590,33129191,Posted: 2 July,all,Alonia,Really enjoyable fun little game. Its was on the short side for me. I think that would depend on how long it takes you to solve things. But I felt that the characters and the beautiful environment made up for that.
,Recommended,552590,33194101,Posted: 3 July,all,Tenderfolds,Great game - Groundhog Day style time loop mixed with classic adventure game style puzzles. Story is interesting from the start and grows deeper as you progress.
76561198038285241,Recommended,552590,33238717,Posted: 4 July,all,polop440,"The game takes place in a manssion called The Sexy Brutale, at an anual feast that the marquis host. This year something is terribly wrong, all the guests are getting killed!  Both the guests and the staff have set timetable they preform during the day, so if a someone is somewhere they are always going to be there at that time of the day (or the same day in this case). The player has to stop the killings mostly by prevent that killed the guest to happen one way or another, the player can never interact directly with the guest and staff and have to stop the killing some other way.Pros:Simpel game mechanics with new elements intruduced as you solve/prevent the killingsVery good storyIntrestring backstoy/flavor story (if you bother to unlock it)Good musik and soundNice artstyleDescriptive:My game time: 6 hours for the story and 2 for collecting and unlocking everyrhing.The core game is simpel (walk, follow guest/staff, stop murder, and use an ability sometimes)Cons:No way to see that playing cards you have/have not collected, a pain if you miss one you two as i did.You dont get much clues to were the next person you are supost to save are, most offen the use of an abilty or item you just got, but there to use it?In my opinon a very good game, if you have an intreset in logic/crime solving games. This game gets a warm recommendation from me."
,Recommended,552590,33199733,Posted: 3 July,all,Holyholley,"I'll start this off by saying that I don't complete many games. I have a tendency to flit between the newest thing and then forget where I was when I eventually come back. This game is different. It gripped me from the outset. From its cute art style, to its simple yet intriguing gameplay, all while being accompanied by an amazing soundtrack, It pulled me in and didnt let go until I reached the end. It's short, only took me 7 hours according to steam and I'm sure that includes a fair bit of idle time, but it never felt rushed. The pacing was perfect.Thankyou to Total Biscuit for his review and recommendation, Its because of his 'WTF is' video that I even gave this a chance.Great Job Cavalier Game Studios/Tequila Works. You have a fan."
76561198092062536,Recommended,552590,33218201,Posted: 3 July,all,Dead_Tree,"This is a fantastic story-driven puzzle game with a unique aesthetic. This game is overflowing with style and great music, although the puzzles are a bit too easy even for a casual puzzle game fan like myself. The story could be either great or pretentious depending on your experience with similar games (although I personally enjoyed it). Despite its short length and lack of serious challenge I highly recommend this game for the atmosphere and character interactions."
,Recommended,552590,33043725,Posted: 30 June,all,AussieGecko,"The Sexy Brutale drew me in more than I would have anticipated. I thought going in it would be a good little puzzler with a nice theme and interesting concept.The world that is created in The Sexy Brutale is fascinating. I found myself looking for every item (invitations and cards), and unlocking all the backstory just simply to read it. I found myself trailing every character, trying to catch every piece of dialogue I could, each new piece I saw making me want to find more. It is such a simply story so elegently crafted that when I knew I was at the end of the game I sat back and re-read all the lore. It gripped me, not for it's complexity, but for it's simplicity and charm.The story is what kept me entralled towards the end, but at the beginning it was the music I loved. It fits so perfectly which each main area having a different song to figure things out too. But more than that, the music plays to the time, so when someone is about to die, the music gets tenser and draws you in, immersing you in the world even more. It plays such a perfect role in the world, eventually taking over for the clock in most cases as you can tell just by the music what is happening in the rooms around you.If you want to come into this game looking for a puzzler, you might find it a tad easy and short for the price. However, if you are willing to sit down, take in the sound,  the music, the backstory and simply enjoy a wonderfully charming title, then the world of The Sexy Brutale is one to savour.NB: I did get some loading issues entering rooms. While annoying (and lack of options making it not easily fixable) it is easy to look past, at least it was for me."
,Recommended,552590,33058583,Posted: 30 June,all,Highthon,Great puzzle game with a surprisingly great story. Kept me so hooked I 100% the game in one sitting. I recommend to people who like puzzle games as well as anyone looking for an interesting story.
76561198041389226,Recommended,552590,33062327,Posted: 30 June,all,Comeneth,"This is a really good game.The basic premise is a groundhog day style murder mystery, where you loop through the same sequence of events and try to stop all the guests in the mansion from being murdered! Throughout the entire thing, there was this underlying question of ""Why?"" Why are the guests being murdered by the staff? Why does the day repeat?Why is there a giant evil angler fish with a tophat?This is not a game I would speed run in any case. You miss SO much if you just try to save the guests as fast as possible.I personally found the most fun in the game to be just following the guests and the staff around and see what they were doing and not bothering to try to accomplish anything during some loops. I really like the overall aesthetic too. It's a nice, colorful style and the music is INCREDIBLE.It might be a little short for some people, but I still recommend it."
,Recommended,552590,33064716,Posted: 30 June,all,justanaboveaverageguy,"I don't often write steam reviews, but this game is one of those rare exceptions. I'd be lying if I said I didn't see some of those twists and turns coming, but as it stands, it's an incredible experience from start to finish. The world is alive while the characters die, and while solving some of the mysteries may not be a truly intense puzzle experience, the story and mechanics are some of the greatest in years. It all comes together into a seamlessly choreographed dance, and if you're remotely interested, take the plunge. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,552590,33062802,Posted: 30 June,all,Freaky,"One word. AWESOME.Now more wordsIt's a great take on the Groundhog day theme, giving you, the player, the task of saving all of the guests of The Sexy Brutale. As Lafcadio Boone, one of the unfortunate guests, you'll have to rewind, investigate, spy, collect masks and repeat it all over again when midnight strikes. The story is both greatly paced and written, with plot twists and little side-stories to keep you hooked all 8 (if you're lucky enough to find all the collectables) to 12 hours of gameplay.But, the game is still lacking in some aspects. There are multiple animation bugs, nothing too game-breaking but still kind of annoying. The controls, although simple, sometimes don't respond well: you'll try to get through an open door and end up having to rewind time because some has seen you. The masks don't seem threatening enough, by the fifth minute you'll learn that they pose absolutely no danger and sprint through rooms without a care in the world. And, finally, the puzzles in this game feel too easy at times.Still, it's a great experience, and an absolutely GREAT GAME! If I had to give it some kind of score, and if anybody even cared about it, I'd give it an 8/10. It's fun, charming and intriguing. If you've read through all this, congrats! And also, please, give this game some love?"
,Recommended,552590,33021467,Posted: 29 June,all,astrand,"Spoiler Free ReviewAbsolutely astonishing game. Rather silly title. (might have cost this game exposure, but its not a throwaway experience)In the first five minutes it might feel like it is a stealth horror game but I assure you its not. (The chase is only a detterent and has very little consequence for getting caught). This game takes place in short sessions, each pass revealing more of the map, more awareness of what is going on in the game and more puzzles to solve. The story unfolds at a steady pace throughout the game but reveals several key story elements towards the end and I would recomend staying until the very end if you are indeed interested in what the game holds.Minor technical complaints: I have had minor control issues when using a DS4 controller, some freezes between rooms and take issue with a lack of control/audio/video settings, but nothing that caused an overall poor experience.Play Time:around 6-9 HoursThe puzzles might seem a little inconsistent to some but remember these few tips:Your characters visibility to npcs takes into account what floor or subfloor you are on (not just what room)In order to progress in some sections you need to witness clues and cannot trigger them without your character learning the information through spying, information is retained throughout the whole run (like hidden items)(often walkthroughs neglect to tell you this)There are a few objects that you can cary with you through multiple sessions(as far as I am aware this is a rule that doesn't have a plot explanation but rather exists purely for gameplay convenience)"
,Recommended,552590,33189434,Posted: 3 July,all,Zoolie,"Fantastic visuals and audio. Enjoyable story, and a satisfying length. I did however find the interface quite irratating. The puzzles were only any challenge due to the movement style and the somewhat clunky interface (I was using mouse and keyboard, perhaps things would have been better with a controller). I would like to explore the characters and mansion for more for secrets and the like, but I was sufficiently irratated by the controls and interface that I probably won't. Still though, I enjoyed it on the whole."
76561198032177254,Recommended,552590,31124687,Posted: 13 April,all,Crebain,"So far so good. Nice enviroments, nice plot, awesome design of characters... For the people who like detective's games is a must-have.My only problem: I'm experimenting some kind of input lag when I try to use doors o take a peek."
,Recommended,552590,31205921,Posted: 17 April,all,TRONeill93,"I picked The Sexy Brutale up on a recommendation, and I'm so glad I did! This game is near-perfect as far as I'm concerned!INTRODUCTIONIn The Sexy Brutale, you play as Lafcadio Boone, priest turned detective trying to solve the murders of guests around the titular mansion. I say solve. The staff are going around killing the guests. Your objective is to figure out how they do it and, more importantly, how to stop them.There are so many good points about this game I could go on forever. In fact, the only negatives I have are things that can be patched in later, and are things that do not detract from the gaming experience at all. They were only things I noticed when going for 100% completion, finding all of the collectibles etc.MUSIC/SOUNDIt's one of those soundtracks that you'd think would get repetitive and boring and repetitive, but it absolutely doesn't. The electro-swing score fits perfectly with the tone the game is trying to set, with pieces varying on the situations you find yourself in at all times. There's no voice acting which some may say is a criticism, but I didn't see it that way. If there had been voice acting, I think it may have interfered in certain aspects of the game, for example when you're trying to listen to some important information from one character and then another chimes in somewhere else.The general sounds of the game are also excellent and consistent throughout. While your saving someone you may hear a noise coming from another part of the mansion which indicates that another character is doing something elsewhere. A great detail that may have been overlooked in some other games.GRAPHICS/PERFORMANCEThe game also looks great, and performs well. I did have a few framerate hiccups, but they were very brief and minor, and the game held at a consistent 60fps for the majority of the time on an i7 with GTX970. The game also supports controller as well as mouse and keys, and I strongly recommend playing with the controller if the option is available to you.GAMEPLAYTSB's main mechanic is the ability to reverse time, in a similar vein to Majora's Mask or Groundhog Day, which you use to continually move through the same day, picking up pieces here and there and attempting to save the guests from the bloodthirsty staff. Once a guest is saved, you acquire their mask which grants you a new ability for the rest of the game. I found that I used all of these abilities several times in the individual puzzles (as well as for the purpose of finding the collectible playing cards scattered throughout the mansion) which reflects good design without giving you more than you need to progress. You also gather clues by spying or listening in on people's conversations, but cannot enter a room that is occupied by another person, as their mask tries to chase you around the room until you move on to the next one. While the masks can ""kill"" you, it takes a very long time and you shouldn't ""die"" at all throughout the game. Some will consider it a loss of challenge, others will see it as a good thing. I'm not here to tell you how to think, just putting the information out there! The gameplay is solid and it's always clear where you're supposed to go, but it doesn't hold your hand. You grow into the game organically, from not knowing what is even going on at the start, to just going and doing things for yourself without even being prompted to in the end. The end (without spoiling too much) is basically ""take this thing and f**k off""! You've got to figure out where to go and what to do, and I loved that!NEGATIVE POINTSAs I said, I do have a few very minor nitpicks, stuff that can easily be patched out if enough people mention it to the devs. Occassionally as I was leaving a room the game had a bit of a hiccup in not loading the next room properly, leaving you in darkness for a brief moment, and I felt that we're sorely lacking an album of some kind to see what cards we have acquired up to this point. That's it. Those are the only flaws I had with this game, and that was only after completing the main story and finding all of the collectibles.CONCLUSIONOverall, I absolutely loved my 8 hours with The Sexy Brutale. It may be short for some, but I think it was worth every penny I spent! For me, this is the closest I have coming to playing a perfect game (suck it Portal!) and I would absolutely go to this weird party again!"
,Recommended,552590,31388907,Posted: 27 April,all,BrightOrangePants,"10/10 Would tug Balzac again.In all seriousness, this is a tight and entertaining little story.  Very stylish, pulled me in until I couldn't turn it off before I finished it."
76561198120138322,Recommended,552590,31391112,Posted: 27 April,all,rockmanphuc,"Have to choose between this and Halo Wars. Didn't regret my choice in the slightest. Now to the review.Excellent game, so good in fact if the dev released a ""horse armor"" type dlc, I would buy immediately to support the dev. 20 dollars for 6 hours constant engaging experience, not a single moment of boredom or tedium. Every puzzle make sense and extraordianrily smart and fun, metrovania like map design and exploration gameplay. What the hell are you waiting for? Oh and the soundtrack, well, that's a spoiler XD."
76561198120134131,Recommended,552590,31319241,Posted: 23 April,all,Havelock,"Jim was right, totally worth your time :)10/10 will helplessly watch everyone die again.and again.and again."
,Recommended,552590,31324042,Posted: 23 April,all,habitualproblem,"I highly recommend this game for anyone who wants something to hole up with for a few hours on a rainy day/weekend. It's pretty short (8 hours, and that's allowing time to dilly-dally & hunt for collectibles) but the art, dialogue, and puzzles combine to offer an engaging, gently horrifying, yet relaxed game. If I had any complaints, it would be that it's a little on the easy side and the plot's grand reveal is more meh than mind-blowing, but I'm still hoping for a sequel!"
,Recommended,552590,31294036,Posted: 22 April,all,Speednut,"Very enjoyable game, with great art style, sound design and mystery. The way the game lets you hear, the different murders around the castle, as you need to prevent them one of the time, works pretty well. I felt invested in how the story unfolded as the game  went on, and it ended at the right time, before it felt too long. I spend about 10 hours and I took my time. I wish there was more mystery games like this one.There seems to be some performance issues, as I experienced some massive frame drops (running a GTX 780ti), but it didn't afect my enjoyment of the game too much.Game was worth the price."
,Recommended,552590,31234076,Posted: 19 April,all,Cemges,"It's a very fun game, has nice soundtrack, and definitely deserves attention."
76561197962057919,Recommended,552590,31239884,Posted: 19 April,all,Derk Gently,Incredible game. Amazing soundtrack. Brilliant story. Buy it! Play it!
76561198133189432,Recommended,552590,31231771,Posted: 18 April,all,Ludus Prime,"Great game, especially for the price. If you like murder mysteries, time travel stories, or puzzle games in general you'll love this. It's story is clever and layered and the gameplay, while a little on the simple side, is deeply satisfying.Do yourself a favor and don't look for any spoliers."
76561198014978344,Recommended,552590,31232299,Posted: 19 April,all,Strapping Young D Devil,"A flawed, but immensely enjoyable breath of fresh air. I wish I could play it for the first time again."
,Recommended,552590,31249544,Posted: 19 April,all,Kumo,"An incredibly well made experience, and an amazing example of non-linear storytelling. 9.3 hours to ""100%"" but I kinda want to go back in and see if there are any snippets of dialogue that slipped past. Worth the $20 to experience yourself, without a doubt."
,Recommended,552590,31089031,Posted: 11 April,all,Eroned,"Really great game, interesting concept.Has the Zelda: Majoras Mask style of time, where characters each follow their own pattern for you to learn.You interact with the world to save their lives one after another.It's a little jittery moving between rooms sometimes, but it's not gamebreaking.Really enjoyed the game, would recommend it if you enjoy the graphic style, and type of game."
76561198028507988,Recommended,552590,31309322,Posted: 22 April,all,antifinity,I wished for a different ending... but I think that was the point.
,Recommended,552590,31323580,Posted: 23 April,all,luthier1729,"The Sexy Brutaleis all kinds of amazing.The time-rewinding gameplay, the art, the story, the music, the puzzles, the characters: you name it, it's awesome.It's a joy to see the mystery slowly unfolding before your eyes as you solve each murder, to join the perfect choreography of the movements of the guests and the staff throughout the mansion, to discover new rooms, new areas, new characters.I only have a couple of minor complaints that have already been mentioned elsewhere: some sporadic performance issues when moving from one room to another, and maybe the lack of voice acting.And perhaps also the fact that the game doesn't track which cards you have obtained and where did you get them, which makes finishing the collection harder than it shouldJim Sterling's reviewsays pretty much everything you need to know about the game if for some reason you're still not sold on it, but long story short: The Sexy Brutale is an immensely enjoyable game, a little masterpiece that truly deserves your time."
76561198030920805,Recommended,552590,31332269,Posted: 23 April,all,gws5597,"Great game with an engrossing story. Very rich, detailed setting. Only problem was it was a little short for my taste (I finished in 6.5 hours).Fun fact: you can find Joseph Smith's lost 116 pages in this game."
76561198018716360,Recommended,552590,31376226,Posted: 26 April,all,l.staddon,"I originally dismissed this when passing it over in the new releases section because the name sounded a bit ""click baity"", but thankfully I caught a let's play and ended up buy it.This is a brilliant game with a wonderfully intriguing premise, a unique set of game mechanics, and an original art style. I can't recommend it enough."
76561198002354554,Recommended,552590,31229103,Posted: 18 April,all,Gadwynllas,"Good and interesting, kind of like, Groundhog Day, but, with preventing murders.  There were difficult puzzles--but whether that is bc i'm out of practice with point and click mysteries or bc they were actually really hard, I couldn't say.  Overall, enjoyable and interesting with style and great music."
76561198042776975,Recommended,552590,31215498,Posted: 18 April,all,Le Curvy Kitten,"♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. Every murder is a self contained story, granting access to new areas and abilities, and each is beautifully crafted. Follow the victim, studying their path throughout the day, feeling the tension build with the music. And what a fantastic, swinging soundtrack. I only wish it were a tad longer, taking under 10 hours to complete. (I will be going back to find all the cards and unlock the alternate ending, however.) Even just one more murder to solve, there were so many nooks and crannies left unfilled on the map, it could have involved previously unlocked areas or been connected to another murder. I'm hungry for more, if ever they came out with a game even remotely similar to this, I'd buy it in a heartbeat. I'll definitely be following the developers closely. Speaking of things I want to buy, RELEASE THE SOUNDTRACK, DAMN IT!"
,Recommended,552590,31240767,Posted: 19 April,all,wbk,"Great art, and a throwback to old isometric adventure games in a good way.  Some of the puzzles and dialogue are somewhat obtuse/mediocre but then you could see that as a stylistic choice given the games old school influences.To nickpick a little though:1) The lack of decent antialiasing lets down really stellar 3d artwork - a shame as this could look really gorgeous.  I really hope they can update it to support 8x hardware MSAA or a good implementation of Temporal AA, not some crappier version of post AA.2) The animations get the job done but better ones would have added so much more charm.3) Character controls near doors could be better - unless they were purposely targeting clunky old game controls...Overall though I believe the developers deserve to be supported for taking the risk with this type of game and producing something this good.  It definitely deserves more sales then it appears to have at the time of this review.A lot of heart obviously went into it and it is a sexy quirky little game."
,Recommended,552590,31452023,Posted: 29 April,all,TurboStarfish,"Great game, would recommend buying. Great atmosphere, characters, sound and puzzles. The main puzzles can be a lot of fun, trying to track down how a character is murdered, and following the story alongside it. And after you've done the main puzzles, you can work out how to collect the cards and invitations, which can be the real challenge in the game.There's a lot to like here!My main criticism would be that the story puzzles are too easy, some of which we completed without trying to complete that sections storyline.The section in which you have to prevent the murder of Redd and Greyson was way too simplistic, especially at 75% of the way through the game. Simply flipping a switch at the same time as the NPC (with a generous amount of time) took us minutes to solve.And a few minor criticims would be a fairly lackluster ending, a few performance issues when switching rooms, and characters teleporting when transitioning between animations.Overall, a lot to like about The Sexy Brutale, one of the better adventure/puzzle games I've played in the last few years."
76561198052254704,Recommended,552590,31453134,Posted: 29 April,all,Ghlen Livid,"TL;DR:On sale, definitely grab this, 25-30% seems about right.  Full price, it's a bit of a tough sell. Interesting, but flawed. Puzzle gameplay is solid, even if puzzles are at times simplistic, and other times frustrating. Overarching story is definitely the weak part.So, okay, I'm a little bit torn on this one. This is a reasonably competent puzzle game, and rather enjoyable, especially if you like mystery genre (since most puzzles in first two thirds of the game are kinda based on whodunit premise). It lacks polish a bit, i.e. some animations are janky, music cuts off abruptly in places. Nothing too bad though. But that's not why I'm torn. I'm torn because the twist is so cliche it's painful. I've seen it a mile away, but refused to believe until the game acknowledged it with ""you probably guessed already"". Well, what can I say? Story isn't a strong part of this experience. So if you're looking for that, walk right past. Guest deaths are rather creative though, so maybe the last statement isn't entirely true, but if you're looking for a great mystery-type story, you won't find it here.Pros:+ Music. Music is awesome.+ Gameplay is enjoyable. A bit of a fresh take on the murder mystery genre. Nothing groundbreaking though.+ Up to a point it's fun to learn ""the truth"" behind smaller mysteries. Sadly, only up to a point. By the second act, initial allure was gone, and game offered nothing new.Cons:- Plot twist is utterly disappointing. I won't spoil it here, but it's kinda obvious by the third act. And we've seen it a lot lately, so it's kinda cliche.- Short, if you skip the collectathon. Yes, this features a collectathon. I finished it in 4 hours, and I did go out of my way a bit for collectables. I did not get all the collectables in that 4 hours, mind.- Becomes somewhat tedious towards the end. Again, won't spoil it here, but suffice to say that some puzzles in the endgame seemed to be entirely out of the left field.- Lacks polish. This is a minor nitpick thoughIt might seem like I'm overly critical, and it's very possible that I am. But that's because I did honestly enjoy the game (well, most of it, plot twist was very disappointing), but I felt that it could be so much better. Overall I recommend picking this up on a sale or something. While I don't really feel full price is a ripoff, I can't say it's entirely justified either. It's a bit of a mixed bag, but an experience worth having, provided you enjoy a bit of murder mystery theatre with a dash of a supernatural spinalthough not really, but that's spoiler territoryBeing torn as I am between ""thumbs up"" and ""thumbs down"" -- I really feel more like ""meh"" in this case -- I'm going to opt for ""thumbs up"" in this particular case. The game is flawed, to be sure. And asking price isn't entirely justified. But it's an interesting experience, and one I can recommend having, even if parts of it can be disappointing."
,Recommended,552590,31404580,Posted: 27 April,all,Matt Tigercash,"The Sexy Brutale has been on my mind a lot since I finished it. I bought it on a whim somewhere around release day, without really digging too deep into reviews. Not that there were many at that time to sway my mind in one direction or the other anyway. I'm weird that way in that I sometimes buy games just to throw money at developers that seem to do interesting things. And then I threw it on my gigantic pile of shame. I only recently started playing it after having watched the Giant Bomb Quick Look and then finished it on the same day in two sittings. All of that's beside the point. I'm glad that it seems to have picked up some steam on Steam. Hehehe.The worst thing I can say about it probably is that it ends. I could have gone on for hours and hours sneaking around the hallways of the Sexy Brutale Casino and Mansion, following its guests, listening to their conversations, learning about their backstories and of course preventing their murder with the use of time rewinding shenanigans. It tells a personal and touching story in a very tight way and does one of my favorite things in gaming: The mechanics are tied into the narrative. Which led to me enjoying the story just that much more. Results may vary.No, wait, the actual worst is that it runs poorly on my aging but still powerful machine and no amount of lowering the resolution helped in getting the framerate, which dipped frequently into the 10s at room transitions, above a very inconsistent 40. Is that important in a puzzle/adventure game? I don't know. Only slightly hampered my enjoyment."
76561198087491076,Recommended,552590,31404986,Posted: 27 April,all,chiabrit,A delightful little gem of a game.  If Tim Burton created a Murder Mystery with Day of the Tentacle tendencies it would come out like this.  Not the most technically advanced of engines nor the most complicated of puzzles but a decent package that gave me value for my $20.  Well worth picking up if you want an unusual palate cleansing break from some of the formidible and immersive time sinks out there.Impressed me enough to write my first review.  Solid title for introducing folks to a new genre if they are not familiar with puzzle solvers.
76561198031012411,Recommended,552590,31407492,Posted: 27 April,all,Ancel De Lambert,"WONDERFUL game. Beautiful music, interesting characters, gruesome deaths, and a beautifully crafted world to explore and watch. Yeah, it's short, but it's worth it, and the ending, while perhaps not unique, is very well executed. Heck, the twist at the end even got me, and I usually catch this kind of thing. They even teased it right at the end before the reveal.If I have any quibles, it's that perhaps the puzzles are a little TOO easy at times. You can in a few cases figure out the solution the first run through of the case. And in a game that sells itself as Groundhog Day with murder, that's not so great. But again, it's so fun just to run through the day jumping back and forth through the mansion, peeking through keyholes and listening to the conversations that I don't mind so much.There's also an alternate ending if you get 100% and enter a certain room..."
76561198071631891,Recommended,552590,31402830,Posted: 27 April,all,jembishop,"Amazing game, great music!"
76561198006594697,Recommended,552590,31124702,Posted: 13 April,all,tux,"Very cartoony look on a very puzzely game.The main draw of this game is discovery. You are kind of paid off on it as you get a better sense of the place and it quirks but you soon realise that some parts are fillers in a sense. It would be odd if they weren't there but they are also not that interesting right at the moment. Kind of like the books in an Elder Scrolls, they might be useful but not all of them. They add, but not very much. But the overall impression along with the characters which you are to save add quite a bit to them all.There is no voice-acting but that might actually be a plus as most things are easy to interrupt and avoid the repetition. No need to hear how many arrows you have taken to your knee as it were. The music is in the background most of the time and changes with the game events. The main music is kind of upbeat but non-descript as well. It's kind of reminds me of an old 8-bit midi track that some games had to fill the soundscape and it reminds very much of Ms. Fischers Murder Mysteries main theme, which is kind of fitting.The normal sound follows the same as the music. Effective but sparse for the most part. It's not bad quality, just not a lot of sounds.The artstyle is very stylised and cartoony. Very distinct which helps with the feel of the game as well. It is very reminicent of Monkey Island and such click based puzzle games where most things were exaggerated to a degree.The one bad point is the interaction. Extremely reliant of left click to get into stuff but also get out of dialogs which will get annoying quite quickly as you move by right-clicking on the screen. You kind of expect to move right away but a dialog is up and you don't notice it all the time. A trvivial thing but the one annoyance actually.Not a lot of options are available but what is there suffices. This game could easily be playable on a tablet as well.Overall this game is a gem, well worth the price in my opinion."
,Recommended,552590,31480729,Posted: 1 May,all,On3iRo,"The Sexy Brutale is a pretty good game with a very interesting premise. The whole concept of living the same day again and again to prevent the death of the inhabitants of the casino is really fun. I furthermore like the conclusion to the story, albeit it came a lot quicker than expected. My main gripe with the game is how incredibly easy it is.If you carefully watch your surroundings it almost plays itself. There are so many hints which help solving all the puzzles which are easy anyway. Besides that I definitely recommend this game."
76561198048414224,Recommended,552590,31530847,Posted: 3 May,all,oliverbmtg,Truly spectacular
76561198024715204,Recommended,552590,31541957,Posted: 4 May,all,Jastra,I decided to buy this game after days of pondering and didn't end up regretting that decision. I absolutely adore this little murder mystery story with rewind mechanic and I wish there were more games like this one.Strong recommendationPros- lovely art style- music- storycons- a bit wonky controls
76561197965586252,Recommended,552590,31537931,Posted: 4 May,all,Octobastard,Absolutely wonderful
,Recommended,552590,31568805,Posted: 5 May,all,Zespeth,Great little game.  Very charming and has a good soundtrack.  Not the longest game if you are good at puzzle solving but rewarding
76561198317557801,Recommended,552590,31581511,Posted: 6 May,all,Kepler,There's little I can say that hasn't already been said.  Here's hoping for a sequel.  Bravo.
,Recommended,552590,31595165,Posted: 6 May,all,Modulo,"Brilliant game. Good length, excellent gameplay, good story. If you like adventure games and have about seven hours to spare, buy this!"
76561198036808281,Recommended,552590,31637053,Posted: 8 May,all,jamescrab1,Fantastic and unique puzzle game with a great soundtrack and story.  Takes about 6 hours to beat.  Collectibles scattered throughout.
,Recommended,552590,31638465,Posted: 8 May,all,Memph,Great execution.
,Recommended,552590,31632131,Posted: 8 May,all,PlainsPraetor,"Such a fantastic game. Having just finished the main story, I thoroughly enjoyed the game from beginning to end. The premise is very novel and is utilized magnificently to tell, not only the stories of each victim, but of the game as a whole. As you go further down the rabbit hole the events of the evening slowly beginning to make more sense, and every time the lights flicker or the bell tolls you are reminded that for every second you spend helping one of the guests, the mansion continues to advance its machanations. The music of the game was phenominal, always enjoyable to hear in the background, and absolutely stunning when incorperated within a moment of the game itself. My only gripes with the game are that, while the ending blew me away, in hindsight it would have been nice for there to be a bit more (or a bit more prominently featured) foreshadowing, and that I would have loved more murders to prevent and more secrets to unravel.Overall The Sexy Brutale was a fantastic experiance, if shorter than I would have liked, and is easily one of my favourite games of the year!"
76561198026752086,Recommended,552590,31576367,Posted: 6 May,all,Narcat,"Very enjoyable experience with fantastic characters, music, story, puzzles and mysteries.I highly recommend the game, and  suggest avoiding guides/videos for the game and just playing it blind. It's not a particularly long game, but for the experience it's worth the cost.Aside the intriguing story, perhaps my favourite thing about the game is how the music syncs to events going on in the area you're currently working through. This will make sense when you play it, and I found it really enjoyable to discover what each different sound or change in the music means as I explored.One of the only downsides is that sometimes the transition animations (moving through doors, going up stars) would jump or stutter every so often. Tthat's really me just picking on things because I don't have much else bad to say against this game.10/10"
,Recommended,552590,31577311,Posted: 6 May,all,Jarand,"Great mechanice, detail and aestetic. Intersting story"
76561198007021152,Recommended,552590,33383024,Posted: 8 July,all,FreeZey,"Pro's- Aesthetically beautiful.  Each room is a artist pleasure to behold and full of great details.- Mechanically inventive.  It stands part as a puzzle game with a distinctly unique style, which also ties in well to the story.Con's- Inconsistent Difficult Curve.  The majority of the puzzles are consistently simple but I did waste a great deal of time and became frustrated once or twice.- UI Designed for Gamepad (I assume).  The UI could have been mouse driven rather than involving so many keyboard keys."
,Recommended,552590,33378218,Posted: 8 July,all,Matt188cs,"loved it!great story and puzzle mechaniques meld seamlessly,mebe a little short if you dont purposely look for collectables.I would say if you did just just do all the puzzles themselfs the game probably clocks in about 5-6 hours give or take depending on your ability at puzzle games and mebe ad 1 hour if you do go hunting for them collectablesBut overall i really recommend this game"
76561198091159333,Recommended,552590,33408439,Posted: 9 July,all,beldi,"This game really reminds me of the old Clue Board Game. Who dunnit?I won't get into the details of the games fearing i would spoil the plot.I will however praise the effort put into the detail of this game. The music is also simply remarkable. Sometimes i get the feeling i'm playing Grim Fandango when listening the music.Despite The game it self isn't that hard to solve nevertheless it's still a game worth playing.Sure, the game is quite short. It took about 11 hours for me to complete all the challenges. What do you expect from a game that cost about $10 on a summer sales ? Still the detail that has been put in this game is enough to impress anyone.Pro :Loved the Background MusicGreat storytellingGood Graphics and detailsReal time game playing (the whole world is progressing real time)Cons :A bit short (about 9-11 hours)"
76561198063539116,Recommended,552590,33420145,Posted: 9 July,all,MaiestasNoctis,"I enjoyed the theme and idea behind this game.   Once you get the hang of it, it becomes easy to play, so I hope it expands in the future and the puzzles become more layered.   I was not a big fan of how the Brochure (game secrets, lore, etc) unfolded. I won't go into details here, but I feel that it could have been a more orderly and consistent approach on what was revealed and when as to really immerse me into the rooms, secrets and people of the mansion.Overall, I would defintely give this game a try if the mystery / puzzle theme is your thing.   There are only 10 missions that can go by quite quickly, so I would wait for a Steam Sale."
,Recommended,552590,33427287,Posted: 10 July,all,Alastordemon,"I do recommend ""The Sexy Brutale"".Now a little more detail on why that is exactly. For me it is the charm of the game that works so well. The soundtrack is amazing - the trailer should already give you a good idea of what the music is like.What I wasn't so sure about at first was the gameplay itself. Especially interacting in those rooms looked like it would be a hassle to me. They are beautifully crafted and all have their own style, but they looked messy to me. They weren't tho. The gamplay is surprisingly clean. Almost too clean actually. The things you can do in a specific room are surprisingly limited. You usually get a bunch of optional things you can click at to get some background or description on the artwork, statue, vase etc. you are looking at and maybe an object that is relevant to the story. Those relevant things are used for puzzles which are pretty linear. The whole story is pretty linear actually. Over the course of the game you get new things you can do. And while you can go back to areas you've been to already to get collectables you haven't collected previously (or couln't), they are usually needed to progress in the story in the first place. So if you were hopeing to explore the mansion freely at your own will, you might be disappointed.All that didn't really matter to me tho. I was sucked in by the atmosphere and read everything I discovered just to know a little more about the mansion and its secrets. Same goes for the puzzles by the way. They are not really hard to pull off. Once you know how to intervene it is pretty easy to pull off. They get a little more complicated over the course of the game, but It is NOT a hard game at all. But again the story of each of those puzzles is unique to the characters they involve and it was fun to me to explore why something was happening.So if you want to play this game do it for the atmosphere - otherwise you might be disappointed. Oh and by the way, it isn't very long either. I spend about 10-11 hours in it. And I have 100% in everything. Plus there were moments I just listened to music a little or was reading some lore. So I wasn't in a hurry. For me the price (got it in a sale) was perfectly fine for what I got, but that might be different for other people, so keep that in mind.I hope this is helpful to someone. If you want clarification on something, feel free to ask.Also: Not a native speaker so please go easy on me if you feel some wording is off or there are things I misspelled."
,Recommended,552590,33615449,Posted: 17 July,all,Sorvah,Rescuing the guests at the Sexy Brutale and prising out it's secrets is a fantastic way to spend a couple of hours.
,Recommended,552590,31123761,Posted: 13 April,all,Naeddyr,"A very atmospheric groundhog-day murder prevention game with excellent music and humane puzzles.Ok, take Ten Little Indians and make Neil Gaiman write it. Also Neil has to be on an Art Nouveau Casino Mansion binge or something. Ok, maybe not Neil Gaiman. Someone a bit like Neil Gaiman. Actually I don't know if this game is so Art Nouveau. No, no, that's good enough: Ten Little Indians by Neil Gaiman.The puzzles are reasonably straight-forward, and you should be able to pull them all off by using observation. The game metaloop works like this: you wander around (and at the same time collect collectables), look and poke at everything, learn the lay of the land and spy on the events and the characters, probably for a couple of loops at least. Then it's usually pretty straight-forward to figure out what to do, as long as you have all the info. I actually solved the second murder in the game by accident just by puttering around, and had to restart the game so that I wouldn't be spoiled for the 'solving the murder' scenes before I actually got to see what the murders actually WERE! The worst puzzling involves the late game when almost the whole mansion opens up to you. If there's something that you missed earlier, it can be annoying to hunt it down.As for performance, it ran perfectly fine except for loading issues at the start of the game (not minutes, but annoyingly long because it fades out the loading indicator and then loads it back again), AND sudden loadin spikes in-game that left the room I entered almost black until the game caught up. No other issues or glitches to note."
76561197993429739,Recommended,552590,31128327,Posted: 13 April,all,HAZARD-bot,"Great little game. The time resetting mechanics are such fun, and the whole place has such charm to it.Due to the limited number of interactable items in the game, the puzzles aren't really difficult, to its detriment or benefit depending on your point-and-click skills.It's Ocarina of Time meets Clue the board game."
,Recommended,552590,31178465,Posted: 16 April,all,grimer30,"Pretty good, good story and presentation etc and fun to play. Ultimately pretty easy puzzles for the most part though."
,Recommended,552590,31162887,Posted: 15 April,all,Des,Astonishing experience
76561198018586514,Recommended,552590,31179005,Posted: 16 April,all,PoorYorick,"I 100%-ed The Sexy Brutale in 5.5 hours and let me say this: I enjoyed every moment of it. I mostly atribute this to the meticulous work that went into the design of the game: Every Room tells a story, every statue and bookshelf grants a bit of flavour to a game that already has a very delicious primary gameplay loop. The sheer act of witnessing a gruesome murder from behind a closed door, deconstructing it step by step and preventing it by finding that one way that unrevels it all is very statisfying. Even hunting down all playing cards and invitations awards you with well-written insight into the mansion, the real star of the game in all it's decadent splendor.I did not regret this purchase at all and maybe it's just me but it felt very good to prevent deaths in a game for a change."
,Recommended,552590,31147122,Posted: 14 April,all,Koden,Amazing! Great story! I normally don't manage to beat games but this kept my attention! Can't say much without spoiling the game. Great though!
76561198040138547,Recommended,552590,31145044,Posted: 14 April,all,Fool,"For £15 I can think of games with a lot more content, but I love the originallity of this game, the concept is fantastic, the art style is brilliant. It is a great buy but the rule of thumb for steam is that you buy games on sales, but you wouldn't regret this buy at full price, I haven't."
,Recommended,552590,31145051,Posted: 14 April,all,Starspell,"The Sexy Brutale is a beautifully crafted game.It took me about 8 hours to complete and every second was a joy to play.The puzzles are excellently designed. The mechanics of the game gel together brilliantly. The characters are charming and given enough space to breath life into each scenario. The scope of the design of the mansion and the interconnection of the characters is mind boggling.To cap it off the ending of this game bumped my rating of this game from an 8 or 9 to a full 10/10. This is a game that every designer and any gamer looking for a new and unique experience should play through to the end.I have never seen a game undertake self-inflicted suffering, grief and forgiveness in such an evocative way before. Well done for tackling such difficult topics in a fun and interesting way."
76561197970203453,Recommended,552590,31111794,Posted: 13 April,all,The Visible Man,"The Sexy Brutale is a stylish murder-mystery, wrapped with point-and-click-esque puzzles (sans moon logic) and crossed with time travel.The mansion is filled with over the top furnishings and rooms, both fantastic and occult. Quite fun to just explore, especially if you're a completionist who has to touch all the things. I loved following the different guests and staff around, watching them interact and eavesdropping on their conversations. The world is very well built and written, and the way the character paths weave together over the time line make the time travel quite satisfying. Most of the murders are creative and fun to foil, some are just weird.There are a few rough patches. Some animation and audio transitions are jerky/sudden, and during my second play session some of the rooms took a noticable two or three seconds to load. The main character also controls poorly when near walls or obstacles, or even doors. Usually the game is generous enough with time that it doesn't cause you to fail, but it can be frustrating when you're trying to get to a closet to hide just before someone enters a room. May take you out of the experience for a moment, but the game will pull you right back in.Played with a 360 controller. Beat the game 100% in a little over 8 hours. There's an alternate ending if you collect all the things. Decent length for the price, and doesn't overstay its welcome.Recommended if you like a good story and some light puzzling."
,Recommended,552590,31120295,Posted: 13 April,all,shawbag11,Just finished this game and i got to say i had a good time with it. If you like time looping films like groundhog day this is a real treat and the ending well lets just say it needs to seen first hand. With that said i also did find myself getting stuck on a few of the puzzles but dont look up the solutions online it feels so saticfiing to find the answers just by playing and finding them for yourself.a side note i dont know if this is true or not but apparently collecting all the cards dose something havent seen that yet but im on my way to finding out :3
76561198028540713,Recommended,552590,31113243,Posted: 13 April,all,jamemit02,"Brilliant game. Short, but well worth the price."
76561198078732759,Recommended,552590,31111823,Posted: 13 April,all,benjineel,"The heart of this game is stalking the guests (victims), and staff (killers) through the mansion to piece together the story of each murder, and then using what you learned to find the one thread which unravels each murder. The Ground Hog Day time-travel mehanics (or Majora Mask mechanics if you perfer gaming metaphores) are brillantly implemented to give you all the time you need to investigate, and all the trys you need to stop the murder in time, while adding a undertone of tragic futility, as you hear all the murders you couldn't prevent because your time is spent saving the one (or pair) you are working on now. The game's use of sound is brilliant, with music that is both catchy and encapsulates the timing and feeling of the murder(s) happening in that corner of The Sexy Brutale; and each murder carries with it its own sound that echos throughout the house, like the first gunshot,and the shattering of glass, the ringing of the bell, the sparking sounds, and the roulette spinnings that hammer the nails in the coffin of a pair of victims. The game is relatively short, and my 12 hr play time, is probably about as long as you could spend, seeking out every collectable and reading all the lore, while piecing together as much information as possible as early as possible."
76561198042226769,Recommended,552590,31118803,Posted: 13 April,all,Limoncello,"Absolutely one of the best narrative mystery games I've played. The way the gameplay and story is interconnected is really impressive. Also one of the few mystery stories in games I've ever been entirely satisfied with, which some of my other anticipated recent releases failed to provied and I only heard about this a few hours before purchasing"
,Recommended,552590,31712410,Posted: 12 May,all,λΔ,This game was surprisingly good
,Recommended,552590,31737123,Posted: 13 May,all,The Wizzox,A masterpiece with a truly diligent and carefully planed narative unfolding in a perfekt way. Some people will say its too short but the story fits so perfektly in that timeframe that it couldnt have been made longer.
,Recommended,552590,31728805,Posted: 13 May,all,Reizoukin,"Intriguing story, fair puzzles, interesting world. Like others have said, it didn't outstay its welcome--I was pretty locked in the whole way through."
76561197982309774,Recommended,552590,31748047,Posted: 14 May,all,UnstopaPaul,"This game is awesome. A beautifully choreographed puzzle murder mystery puzzle. Probably the best use of a rewind time mechanic I have come across in a game. Lovely atmosphere, great visuals, excellent soundtrack. Worth the experience even though it's short."
76561197998950071,Recommended,552590,31742210,Posted: 14 May,all,King of Whiskers,Bought it because of Jim Sterling. Loved it.
,Recommended,552590,31694603,Posted: 11 May,all,Chaser 💢,"Incredible game, one of the best stories you will come across in gaming this year.Please support this game, it deserves your attention."
,Recommended,552590,31695632,Posted: 11 May,all,Ginja,"The name may throw most people off, but the content behind it is solid.Go into this game blind, it's best that way, and don't let the store page you fool you, there's a good time hidden in here. I just wish there was more. I want more. That's a good thing.I could easily play the same game again with a different plot but using the same mechanics, and I'd have a blast."
,Recommended,552590,31669506,Posted: 10 May,all,Dr Weardno,"I was blown away with how deeply locked in I became after starting this game. It was something I genuinely couldn't put down. Figuring out how to navigate, find items, use them at the right time, in the right situation to save just the right person... something about it all just grabbed my attention and refused to let go until the game ended."
,Recommended,552590,31670694,Posted: 10 May,all,Kartov,"Don't let the name put you off, it's simply the name of the setting. Murdery mystery combined with time travel elements has a great effect on the genre. You'll often have to rewind segments in order to track character movements and acquire information that happens all over the course of one day. I managed to complete it in two medium length sittings, and  I felt like the length was just right. The music is also fantastic, and is super important (along with other audio clues) to the story.  Overall, very Sexy. Much Brutale."
76561198070914748,Recommended,552590,31675998,Posted: 10 May,all,alexkiki3,"Wow.  That game was fantastic.  I loved the sound track and how the music changed as you moved through the mansion.  This is one of the few games where I found I was hungry for lore and 100% completion because it is completely within reach.  You really get your money's worth if you're tracking down all the lore and tying up all the loose ends.The other nice thing is the game almost forces you to quit every once and a while to think.  I would do hour long sessions with a puzzle, make a satisfying amount of progress and then stop because I would get terribly stuck.  When you come back the next day new ideas come flooding and it's suddenly easy to continue the story.  They balanced the difficulty almost perfectly.  I only got stuck once at the very end and had to google how to continue, I must have missed key dialogue during a cut scene.My only complaint is Luficio would sometimes not respond to going through doors and you'd jam the a button and he would kind of freak out before going through.  Also I sometimes would go try to go into a room but still have the visual of the previous room I was in but with only the light effects, I could hear my character's steps but not see him or the room he was in.  Eventually these lag moments would figure themselves out and only really annoyed me when I was crunched for time and trying to make it some where far in the mansion.Over all a wonderful story with great music.  Worth 20$, instant buy any lower than that.  The way I see it is it's a 6+ hour ticket to the movies, completely worth 20$.  If you still don't think it's worth it buy it and make a friend play it through after you and see how stuck they get.  That entertainment is worth 20$ on its own."
,Recommended,552590,31760860,Posted: 14 May,all,Plysepter,"This game is incredible if you enjoy puzzle games with a good plot. I really enjoyed how well fleshed out the time mechanics were and how the map reflects the knowledge you gain as you progress. I will say that I would have preferred the movement controls to have not been tied to the mouse, but the gameplay did manage to overcome my dislike of the controls. I highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,552590,31755664,Posted: 14 May,all,evilmegan,"Some plot points were easy to call, some plot points came as a surprise.  A bittersweet 'good' ending and a happy but 'bad' ending.  The feels..."
76561197992295019,Recommended,552590,31761670,Posted: 14 May,all,marmin123,"Great gameplay with interesting puzzles that can be difficult yet the solutions dont feel cheap.Pretty much no replayablitity once the game is complete, however the experience pays for itself. Dont expect 100+ hours of play and you will be very happy."
76561198056194784,Recommended,552590,31766086,Posted: 15 May,all,Nightly Knight,"Amazingly fun puzzle game that had to complete it in one go. I love the art style. The soundtrack is one of the best i've ever heard. Characters are fun. Puzzles range from kinda easy to kinda tough. The story itself is great. The only replayablity is that it has is two endings and collectables. It is totally worth buying and playing though.If you need to see gameplay of this, only see up to the first murder and rescue. You'll spoil yourself otherwise.I reallllly want another game like this."
,Recommended,552590,31846635,Posted: 19 May,all,grandpa piss,"This game took me on a wild ride that I don't ever want to get off. Amazing soundtrack, awesome character design and a killer story that threw me for so many turns. 9/10 One of the most well done games I've played in a long time.(the only problem I had might've been some buggy loading and frame drops but nothing too bad)"
76561198020725581,Recommended,552590,31812770,Posted: 17 May,all,TheLoneScone,"A unique murder-mystery puzzle game with a charming art style, great soundtrack and a good story. Could stand to have a longer play time but it's not a major gripe.I think this would make a great series if they could make it work. Really Good 9/10."
,Recommended,552590,31873585,Posted: 20 May,all,Thunderkleize,"A well-crafted looping Clue game with more going on than what it seems. It's got great style, great music, and an interesting series of mysteries to solve. The game isn't perfect by any means, but it definitely deserves a look!"
,Recommended,552590,31896405,Posted: 21 May,all,Salestax1,"Good story, plays decent, great music/sound design. I loved how the music and the sounds of events played into each other. Only thought 1 puzzle had an unfair step, (had to loop like 6 times for a specific spot to figure out what to do in a specific time instance; that part started grinding on me) but you can get stuck more often if you don't follow 3 feet behind every character(have to tail nearly every character; good thing they talk to themselves a fair bit). Finished in one sitting(7 hours for all little collectibles, but that was with me looking at everything closely and spending 30 min at the end to mop up). Little Replay value after you know the story/solutions to the puzzles.Would reccomend for the good story and the great music (2 specific scenes stand out in mind), but it's probably best to get it once it's on sale."
,Recommended,552590,31805434,Posted: 17 May,all,Hoth,"I heard that this was a tough game to describe. I disagree.Its Grim Fandango with elements of Majora's Mask mixed in (real time with scripted events which are reset every loop and the mask powers that allow you to explore new areas)This is a Point & Click game. That being said, it is THE best Point & Click game to come out in the last 15 years.The realtime time loop is brilliant, the story and music are fun and engaging, and the whole presentation is wonderfulThat all being said, it is extremely linear, much more than I was expecting from the concept. The puzzles are way too simple. And unlike both Grim and Zelda, the Story dumps you with information at the start and in the finale with very little to discover during gameplay itself.I beat the game in 5 hours with no help and without being stumped but I will say that it was some of the most enjoyable 5 hours I've had in the past year.Buy this game for the experience alone, I wish more games were like this so  they could explore this concept to its fullest potential"
76561198129495003,Recommended,552590,31806195,Posted: 17 May,all,psr05176,"Not a big thing for everyone. But still a brilliant little game.I must say before I start that this game is not for everyone in terms of general preferance of the crowd.Now, don't get me wrong. In my personal opinion, this game is simply gorgeous. I adore every second(and penny) that I've spent on this game. However, I also knew that this genre of game belongs to somewhat minority in terms of popularity. It took rather significant amount of time and I finally decided to write about my thoughts on this game because I truly believe that this game deserves more attention.The Core Mechanic and Game DesignNow the actual game mechanic is far from solving murder mystery. It is more like preventing murder from the first place. You can rewind the day as many times as you want. You watch how people get killed. Restart the day. And try to find a way to save them from their inevitable demise. I know that this is not a compeletely original idea. But I just love how the devs created a compact little world where multiple events took place, influencing each other. I was really fascinated by the progression of the game. As you progress further in the game, your understanding of its world becomes deeper and then at certain point, you get some sort of realization, how everything happened from the beginning to the end. A small place with intriguing story and characters with clever mechanic that are simply well crafted, that is all I can say.The StoryThe core mechanic and game design is what sold me when I first saw this game. The story of the game is what I've come to cherish when I finished this game. It is truly a shame that the devs couldn't hire voice actors for each character. It is still fantastic but if they did, it would have been more fantastic. I'm not a person who doesn't care about the actual story in video games but many games that I've played, failed to grip my attention until the end. However, this game didn't fail at all. I can't exactly remember the last time when I was fully invested in the story of single game. This one surely managed to carve delightful new memories into my head.The Sound DesignI should say I'm a sucker for good game OST and I'm really happy that this game has. But something I really liked more than the actual background music is its coherence with the story. If you pay attention to the music, you can tell that its tone is subtly changing as certain event progresses. Music really starts to escalate when each character comes closer to meet his/her death. I know it is a very small thing compare to other features but personally I think it is one of key aspects that helps player to be immersed into the game's story. If devs decide to sell their soundtracks, I'm definitely buying one.ConclusionThere is nothing more to be said about this game. To be honest, word fails me when I try to describe this game. I'm not a good reviewer. I'm not capable enough to come up with some smart-witty lines that could characterize the game in a single phrase. But at least I can say this. This is one of the few games which made me sad when I realized that I've finished it. Because, really, I didn't want this game to end.Overall, it is a great puzzle game and I highly recommend to anyone who has even a slightest bit of interest in such genre."
76561197996598947,Recommended,552590,31472468,Posted: 30 April,all,Doseku,All in all a very decent game.The setting was neat.  Think of it like a murder mystery Groundhog day.  You get to learn how people die and who kills thembut the real puzzle is how to stop it from happening.The music is great.  The graphics are great and lends itself to a neat atmosphere of something not quite right.Some say the game is too short but I feel it's just long enough.  It took me around 10 hours to complete the game although the average playthrough might be 3-5 hours if you know what you are doing.All in all I enjoyed the heck out of this and you may too.
,Recommended,552590,31505363,Posted: 2 May,all,Cuteness Overlord,"An enjoyable 6 hours, probably could put in another 2 or so finding the entire card set if you were a keen completionist, the puzzles are enjoyable but not particulerly difficult. The story is explained in small tidbits over the course of the game, what is interesting is how you are able to view various events that lead up to the eventual murders from different perspectives. Whilst the story itself isn't anything to write home about it managed to balance itself with the gameplay effectively that it didn't get in the way nor was it overshadowed. All in all worth the price tag and there is clear love fo the project from the Dev team itself"
,Recommended,552590,31521163,Posted: 3 May,all,Valvren,"A seriously enjoyable game. The music was on point, it was fun to look at, the story was absolutly fascinating when you get round to the end and best of all, easy to 100%, though that last playing card was absolutly agonising to find. Nevertheless everyone should be playing this."
76561198026399130,Recommended,552590,31518446,Posted: 2 May,all,DoctorWho,"Without a doubt one of the most enjoyable puzzle/mystery games out there. If you like Majora's Mask, if you like the Macabre, and if you love puzzles, you will love this game."
,Recommended,552590,31499570,Posted: 1 May,all,Sky Rocket_Raven,"I must admit, at first I didn't much enjoy the game. However, after the 2nd murder mystery this game really clicked.The reason I first didn't get it is I was worried there was no intuition to the puzzles because I managed to solve the second puzzle on trial and error alone. That quickly changed, the game gives you everything you need, you just need to experiment a bit.To keep the premise short, you're Agatha Christy if she had a time travelling poker watch.. And couldn't interact directly for some reason. It reminds me a lot of Majora's Mask, both for the time mechanic and for the progression style. Beat level > get item > use item to beat next level. Classic way of doing things.It has an original style, interesting layout and a wonderful soundtrack. The story might seem underwhelming at first but stick it out and you might be pleasantly surprised at the level of depth, both in narrative and characters. It might be a bit frustrating to figure out what to do at first but the game revolves around how observant you are. The world is moving around you and feels truly alive. I hope you like being a stalker because you'll be doing that quite a bit while you plot targets movements and actions to prevent their inevitable death.But it's cool, just hit f12. There's time.. There's always time."
,Recommended,552590,31500103,Posted: 1 May,all,Conman the Barbarian,"The Sexy Brutale is a time travelling ""whodunit"", where you (an old priest by the name of Lafcadio Boone) must use your newfound ability to rewind time in an attempt to stop the various murders of the Sexy Brutale's guests at the hands of the staff. Boone can't intervene in the murders directly, but he can manipulate the environment to stop them. When a guest is rescued, they'll bequeath you their mask, which will grant you a new ability or power. The game gives off a Majora's Mask kind of feel, with Boone reliving the same day over and over again while acquiring masks to grow in power and open the mansion for exploration, and I like the game, but I do have some thoughts on it...Firstly, the murders themselves. They're creative and brutal (or should I say BRUTALE? Ahahahahaha oh god I'm so alone) but...they're rather easy to solve, and don't require a ton of exploration. I don't mean that there isn't exploration involved, but it will rarely take you outside of the area where the guest is getting murdered. Not only that, but when you have to rescue two guests at once, there's only one solution involved. I accidentally solved one of the murders, simply by wandering around and examining objects.Secondly, I think the game might have felt a little more organic if the mansion was more open. Most of the time, you focus on one guest, solve that, then move on to the next guest without really giving it a second thought, and just doing what the Bloody Girl tells you to do. I think letting the player explore more on their own would help the game feel a little bigger, and not quite so linear. But there isn't really anything wrong with this.But those are really my biggest gripes with the game. The Sexy Brutale oozes personality, and most of the charm actually comes from watching the various staff and guests interact with one another. Each character has a unique personaility and you get to know them a little bit better by the end of your time travelling escapade. Each power you collect feels useful and opens up more of the mansion for exploration (Oh, on a slightly off-topic note, the story is ok. I was slightly disappointed by the ending, but I had fun overall).The game is also loaded with with secrets and collectibles. There are 52 playing cards hidden around the mansion, and each guest has an invitation that explains a bit about their background and how they know the owner, the mysterious Marquis.Pros:+ Characters have vibrant personailities+ Murders are both creative and brutal+There are loads of secrets and collectibles+Great soundtrack+Environments are interestingCons:- Not a ton of exploration involved to solve murders- Murders are kind of easy to solve- Game is a little too linear- Ending is lacklusterOverall, I had fun with the Sexy Brutale, and I'm glad I played it. The game is good, but it lacks polish."
76561198088489501,Recommended,552590,31499877,Posted: 1 May,all,marbeltoast,"A hotel/casino hybrid where, from noon to midnight every day, each guest is murdered by the staff and then time resets.Your mission: save the guests, and figure out why time keeps repeating. It's an interesting premise, but not without flaws.The gameplay feels a tad simple when met with the brute force, ""adventure game style"" problem solving method of rubbing each item you find on everything you see. Each mask-based power-up unlocked serves mostly as a key to a door, after a fashion. The true genius of this one can't be expressed without undermining it. It's the best case of using a video game to tell a truly heartwrenching story, in a way that a book or a film couldn't, that I've seen. You'd have to play it to know, but take my word for it, it is so totally worth it. Seriously, I was clapping through the credits it's so ♥♥♥♥ing good."
,Recommended,552590,31491867,Posted: 1 May,all,KurosPassions.,One hell of a Party
,Recommended,552590,31488328,Posted: 1 May,all,Bodis,"This game looked interesting at first glance so I gave it a whymsical purchase for the household to play together....10 hours later were falling asleep but want to keep going to find the various collectibles and wanting to find more mysteries.The game had us hooked immediately. The music and atmosphere are absolutely fantastic and the gameplay is top notch. Its a ton of fun trying to figure out each victims story, piecing together what happened and then discovering how you can manipulate the environment to prevent the murder.Generally there are two complaints. Sometimes we got stuck on doors because the game seems rather particular on when it accepts hitting the A key to get through a door.  The second part of this is the duration of some animations. The most glaring and least spoilery of this is when saving yourself to one of the various clocks. It takes a solid half hour for this to occur. Im not sure if this is by design or not because later on you find a different clock to save to where the animation takes all of half a second.The last complaint/not really a complaint so much as a wish is that we wanted more mysteries to solve.  We havent quite figured out how to locate the last victim, but we beat the game to this point rather quickly and that was with spending extra time to, at times, uneccessarily walking around stalking characters just to have them revealed on the map for down the line.  This game is fantastic. 20$ well spent and I very much hope to play more like this from these developers in the future!"
,Recommended,552590,31544086,Posted: 4 May,all,Dr. McBuff,"A most unexpected pleasure to grace my games list.+Simple with enough depth due to ability unlocks, a lot of areas become deeper with every mask power gained.+well-paced, not too hard either, you can choose your own pace, be it slow scouting out everything, or jumping to solutions+a very enjoyable soundtrack, especially the intrumental music hits a high note, the parts with vocals are also a delight, but the lyrics were a bit too on the nose to my taste. ( there's only a small sung part )+Map scrubber is awesome ( and nessesary )+Great Aesthetic+Well defined & designed characters- Could be too easy for seasoned puzzlers, wouldn't have minded some more complex or time critical solutions- Rather short"
,Recommended,552590,31554036,Posted: 4 May,all,The Trashman,Groundhog day mashed with a murder mystery game. Graphics and sound are on point.
76561197981903059,Recommended,552590,31553823,Posted: 4 May,all,VictimSix,A fantastic fresh puzzle game with soul.  Well worth the money.
,Recommended,552590,31574978,Posted: 6 May,all,GTTX,"love this type of murder puzzle game. Not much in terms of replay value for anything other than collectables. Unless more is added later for whatever reason, probably wait for a discount"
,Recommended,552590,31594372,Posted: 6 May,all,A-cha,"If you like mystery, intrigue and MURDER, this game is for you.This game is great! It had me hooked right away and I ended up playing and 100%ing it in one day. It took me about 10ish hours. There is a lot to look at and overhear and the characters are wonderful! I spent a lot of my time just wandering around stalking people to hear what they were saying.One of my only problems with it is the doors. Sometimes the character has issues opening the door and kind of side steps around for a second or two. The other is the lack of a catalogue for the playing cards. I was missing one and I had to retrace my steps through the whole place to find it."
,Recommended,552590,32211417,Posted: 5 June,all,constantcompile,"Imagine the 20-minute loop of Majora's Mask compressed into just 12 minutes, within a sprawling Hotel and Casino.Like Majora's Mask, the real meat of this game is in how well the characters are crafted. Everyone's personality and design is so distinct, you just want to follow every character through the course of the day to see everything they do and say.The puzzles, to me, struck the right balance in terms of difficulty. On rare occasions it can feel a bit ""gamey,"" but reaching the solutions generally feels organic.$20 may seem steep for an 8-hour game, but this game just oozes quality. The environments, character designs, writing, and - how have I not mentioned the music yet? This is some of the best use of music I've seen in a videogame, full stop.Fantastic game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,552590,32306935,Posted: 9 June,all,MokThePok,Great game!
76561198262799420,Recommended,552590,32240863,Posted: 7 June,all,Faeriel,"Short but lovely. Could use a couple of murders more. Especially the duo murders make the pause screen look like there was  many more cases than there actually are.  Still, every single case has been put together with a lot of thought and great attention to detail. In the end, it's always quality over quantity, no doubt. Very lovable title."
,Recommended,552590,32228011,Posted: 6 June,all,Dwight Knight,"I was a bit dubious of this game upon seeing the title and then even more dubious when I saw the graphics (which tbh reminded me of the graphics you found in some of the third-rate games I played around the turn of the milennium) fearing that this was going to turn into a game that I played for an hour, despised it, and wondered why I forked out the money to buy the game in the first place.I was wrong.The characters are interesting, the storyline had me hooked, and I ended up loving this game.  I love the music, I love seeing how the story got enriched with every playthrough.This is a great game."
,Recommended,552590,32231231,Posted: 6 June,all,JOEY WHEELAH,"This game was sort of a surprise for me as I didn't know quite what to expect. The premise is cool and story is great. The game length:price ratio feels slightly off though. I didn't go through and 100% the game to get all the cards or invitations but my playthrough finished at 4.1 hours. There were also times when I felt that the answers were a little too linear and it would have been nice to have some more choice in saving the guests.Final verdict: Fun, good premise and story but slightly more expensive than it should be for its length. Something closer to 15 would be good and if you get it below that, it's absolutely worth it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,552590,32233478,Posted: 6 June,all,Acorneyelid,"It's one of those games where you have to play it through just for sake of story and experience of it. Sure, it may be lacking in puzzles or gameplay challenge but I think just the emotional journey through it is worth the money.It's also a short game so if you're looking to spend ton of time with it, this isn't the game for you. But if you are just looking to spend good chunk of afternoon (about 6 hours) on one of your days off from work/school while having a memorable story/experience, it's definitely worth it.I'm glad I found it, bought it, and played it."
,Recommended,552590,32380701,Posted: 12 June,all,NilkadNaquada,"The Sexy Brutale is an intriguing, clever, and stylish story-driven puzzle game which makes excellent use of its time travel mechanics, and it's absolutely worth picking up and playing through. The biggest complaints I have are the sound design being somewhat subpar, a slightly dodgy translation, and the lack of any real, definable difficulty curve. These are all very easy to overlook in the face of both the imaginative nature of the scenarios on display, the game's slick presentation, and the quality of the plot, which uses a superb third-act reveal to tie everything up in a neat little bow and provide a very satisfying emotional payoff."
,Recommended,552590,32411084,Posted: 14 June,all,Insane Observer,"Unique, if unpolished, puzzle game design in a monstrously baroque package"
76561197970167260,Recommended,552590,32746225,Posted: 24 June,all,Karma,"A very fun package of exploration, mystery, puzzles, story and good music. One of very, very few games I felt like doing 100% on. Just because this game was so good."
,Recommended,552590,32752691,Posted: 24 June,all,Mr Modnar,"A wonderful game that had me captivated from the word go, with brillant humour and horror and tons of love and care from the dev team. A great game from start to finish."
76561197965328785,Recommended,552590,32883151,Posted: 27 June,all,Galvary,"Good game, great soundtrack."
76561197982063035,Recommended,552590,32963162,Posted: 28 June,all,Midô,"I've completed the main story in 8 hours. There are some achievments left but whatever since this game tell its story so beautifully I dont really know where to start.First of, the main feature, Timetravel. Really well done! It felt kinda funny in the first few minutes but you'll grew to love it and you will play around with it thinking 'Oh, ok what happens if I do something else here two hours earlier?' Sort of like 'Now you are thinking with por..' yeah you know...Second in my list is the art style. And what a beautiful art style it is! Ok ok your taste may differ and if you don't like it, oh well. But the coloration for the diferent rooms/settings, the character/item design. Over all a very well done job. The only downside would be the map, in which I constantly missed little details like the candles and such.The third thing I would like to write about is the sound trak. Wow. It's unbelievably fitting! Upbeat tunes when you enter the casino and bar, slow downtrodden melodies when you are in the basement. It really compliment the game to its utmost extent. A small problem would be that it changes too abruptly sometimes when you chance scenery. But very seldomly.Now, the controls. I played with my xBox360 controller and had no problem whatsoever. The whole thing is completely intuitive.Story.Colour me impressed. I had many a diffrent theory about what is happening in this mansion and why. In the end I wasn't that far off but I was still thrown for a loop. The tale of you who tries to save everyone is a very well told one indeed.Did you play 'To the Moon'? The Sexy Brutale is on par.My final verdict:8.5/10"
,Recommended,552590,32974858,Posted: 28 June,all,N-camon,"Repeat the same over and over as you solve a multiple murder mystery, but you cannot be in the same room as anyone else.  The art style, music, and game play are very well crafted.  Well worth the price."
76561198040583724,Recommended,552590,32978117,Posted: 29 June,all,flyinghats,"Good little game. Great music, art style and story. A little easy and only four hours but worth a try."
76561198043027390,Recommended,552590,32970637,Posted: 28 June,all,Pir8king,"Awesome game, Awesome story very happy worth every cent. 10/10. collectables not to hard but makes for a bit of extra fun on the side. 100% reccommend this game."
76561197985543622,Recommended,552590,32949759,Posted: 28 June,all,chaos013,"This game is great.Do you want to play the old-school style adventure games without all the frustration that came with them and with answers that make sense? Does running around a casino resort and trying to stop a bunch of people from getting killed and reliving the same day over and over sound like fun? If any of those prospects excite you, you need to check this game out."
76561197966393572,Recommended,552590,32629782,Posted: 21 June,all,Prixaa [DK],"great game, so hard to explainOf all the audio clues. the bell gets to me every time."
,Recommended,552590,31641948,Posted: 9 May,all,Kenny Log-ins,"Fantastic story, writing and puzzles. Easily among the best of the year, and a bargain at any price!"
,Recommended,552590,31644022,Posted: 9 May,all,z7xfla,"The Sexy Brutale is a puzzle adventure game similar to Majora's Mask, although without the combat.  This is more the type of game where you need to use stealth to sneak around and find clues that will help you prevent the murders of your friends.  It takes place at a party in the titular casino mansion, where the staff murder all of the guests for some unknown reason.  As the protagonist, your job is to find out what this reason is, as well as locate Lucas, the mysterious owner of the casino who has not been seen recently.  To accomplish this, you must repeatedly play through the same day at the casino in a time loop not unlike those from Groundhog Day or Majora's Mask, rescuing each of the guests and inheriting their powers one by one as a result.  These powers allow for increased access to the rest of the mansion.I found this style of gameplay to be simple, yet engaging at the same time; the puzzles weren't too hard, but still required me to think at least somewhat - especially due to the time factor.  Unfortunately, there were some occasional glitches with the graphics and controls that would cause the game to freeze up for a few seconds when entering a new area.  While this wasn't a game breaker, it was particularly annoying when I was short on time while trying to reach a certain destination - in a game like this, every second matters.  However, this was my only real complaint, as this game is generally very well put together.  I believe The Sexy Brutale's biggest strength is its story - specifically, its ending.  The entire game is rife with symbolism, which becomes even clearer at the mind-blowing conclusion.  I don't want to spoil any major plot details, so I'll just say the whole thing was brilliantly executed.  To top it all off, the graphical style and soundtrack were both charming and fit the game's wacky casino vibe perfectly.  It's all definitely worth your time, though it might be a good idea to wait for the sale."
76561198023738675,Recommended,552590,31598106,Posted: 7 May,all,Bendmydick Cumonherback,"This game is a master piece put simply. Closest game to it is Ghost Trick Phantom Detective but this game is very unique.Music?-10/10Had me humming and whistling the main tune out side of the gameStory?-10/10You will not realise what is going on until the very end, the game keeps its cards close to its chest slowly feeding you the info you need to keep you hookedGameplay?-8/10The gameplay is very simplistic, listen to convos, pick up items to interact with other items, and the puzzles are mostly very simple. Each murder you solve you get a new ability, that directly helps with solving the next murder and so on. There is very little back tracking through out the game as each murder happens in a certain area, and everything you need to solve said murder resides there.Mystery and aura of wtf is going on?-9/10Everything happens for a reason in this game, and trying to figure out everything being connected is a rewarding challenge. The game gets crazier the more you delve into it.Replayability?-2/10Unfortunatly this game is a one trick pony, nothing will be different on subsecant play throughs. You will do everything exactly the same, the puzzles only have a single solution. However trying to find every bit of lore, listening to everyones convos and finding all 52 cards (yes there is a reason for doing it) is reason enough.Game length?-6-8 hours depending on if you want to collect everythingWhile it might seem short, its definetly worth it for $20Lore and background to the game?-9/10Almost every room has some sort of signifigance and backstory revealed by playing the game. For a game that drops you into the middle of a mystery, you find out a lot about the mansion and its inhabitants, why you and they are all here, how they know the Marquis ect.This game keeps you on your toes and thinking about what in the world is going ot happen next, every single thing in the mansion happens at an exact time never changing, oh whys the bell always ringing at 7? Why do you hear a window break at 5? All things to find out in The Sexy Brutale."
76561198005841608,Recommended,552590,31788506,Posted: 16 May,all,little sensei,"Novel, short, stealth/puzzle game with a great atmosphere and story and an unfortunate name that made it somehow fly under the radar.You won't regret playing this."
,Recommended,552590,31711598,Posted: 12 May,all,palex00,"Might be my Game of the Year!This game is a master piece. Its music is a masterpiece, it has an intriguing story and everything is connected together - you are awarded for carefully examing everything and get to your goal step by step. It's worth 20€ and I would even pay 30€ for it, know that I know how good this game is.I'm only 5 hours into it and not at the end but damn,♥♥♥♥♥♥is about go get down, I'm close to the climax of the game BUT everything before this has been a climax as well - it's better than many games I've played and you should buy it.TL;DR: Masterpiece, buy it, full price worth it."
,Recommended,552590,31794991,Posted: 16 May,all,Jon Edwards,"[SPOILER FREE]The reasons why I loved The Sexy Brutale changed as the game progressed. To begin with it was the unique asthetic, mysterious setting, and fantastic electro-swing style soundtrack that got me hooked. As I played more, the gripping mechanics of spying on guests of the mansion and figuring out the best way to prevent their demise, coupled with the interconnectedness of all the guests' timelines made it hard to stop playing. Then the game drops a fantastic Bioshock-style 'WTF-am-I-playing' twist that has made The Sexy Brutale go down as one of my favourite games of 2017. Buy it and enjoy the ride!Pro's- Engaging mechanics.- Rich, unpredictable story.- Gorgeous asthetic and soundtrack.- Expansive world to explore.Con's- Short (~7 hours gameplay).- Little replayability beyond the collectables.- Some animations are a bit clunky."
,Recommended,552590,31809602,Posted: 17 May,all,FuriousLemon,"Reading the description of Majora's Mask meets Moon meets Gregory Horror Show, I swore that someone stole the idea for this game from somewhere in my brain.While the game is short, there isn't a crazy amount of difficulty and the controls can be occasionaly resistant to my inputs, this game is oozing with charm, style and story. Maybe wait until it's on sale though."
,Recommended,552590,32048432,Posted: 29 May,all,CoderDawson,"This game is masterfully done. The story, the writing, the puzzling, the art, the gameplay; all top notch. We need more games like this!"
76561198019272193,Recommended,552590,31775397,Posted: 15 May,all,Dabus,"Awesome game! Granted, I wouldn't pay attention to it if it weren't for TotalBiscuit's review, but I did and I'm happy. Worth every penny spent. Beautifully animated, with enthralling music and gorgeous scenery. The story is also a pleasant surprise, very logical and touching, but with several unexpected twists. I spent a lot of time just watching the details of each scripted death unfold. While there is some waiting to do, it's not a lot. There are plenty of save points, you can skip time to 4pm and 8pm and the whole day takes just about 12 minutes to play out (maybe less, I just assume that 1 hour=1 real minute). The game is incredibly polished, with various little charming details everywhere and an incredibly smooth experience overall. I know that some people don't like it and say it makes a game too simple... Well, for me it was Just Fine. I had to do some experimenting to solve some of the puzzles, and with a huge mansion and long scripted sequences making things too complex would require lots of waiting and backtracking. The devs went for a more story-centric approach, most of the fun isn't in the puzzles but in the exploration. It took me 13 hours to get 100% completion. Some people report beating the game in half that time, I assume you could do it if you didn't hunt collectibles and try to thoroughly explore the scenes.One little tip: if you want to hunt collectibles, don't go out of your way to do so until you beat the game. You can't get 100% until you almost complete the story anyway, and the mansion becomes much easier to traverse once you do."
,Recommended,552590,33563507,Posted: 15 July,all,BleakCoffee,"Favorite puzzle game since The Swapper. It has its annoyances, but it oozes charm and is a joy to play."
,Recommended,552590,33569006,Posted: 15 July,all,Thorvald,This what the 7th Guest should have been.Excellent puzzle game with a very interesting plot.Controller is recommended - as the movement with the mouse feels clunky ( for me at least )
76561198054179803,Recommended,552590,33582038,Posted: 16 July,all,WTF is an Emu,"Honestly this is one the best games i have played this year. its intriguing, unique emotional and a absolutly fantastic puzzle game if anyone is interested at all i wholeheartedly reccomend this.The music is wonderful, the puzzles constantly make you say out loud ""OH i get it now""the whole time i had a smile on my face and never lost interested10/10 if your in anyway interested grab it you wont regret it :D"
,Recommended,552590,33579522,Posted: 16 July,all,Zayde Sithon,A very entertaining game. The gameplay involves repeating a single day over and over to learn as much as you can about the deaths of the guests in this casino mansion and using that knowledge to prevent their murders. A very cool concept that harkens back to the Clock Town side quests in Majora's Mask. The puzzles are creative but I found them to be fairly simple once you've explored and collected all the relevant information. It has a macabre wit to it and a great soundtrack. Definitely worth a look if you like a good mystery.
76561197971874482,Recommended,552590,33576896,Posted: 15 July,all,Toren_S [Also Friendly],"In short, an amazing puzzle game with an interesting premise, excellent aesthetics, and a well told story.As priest Lafcadio Boone, you must rescue guests from being murdered by the staff of The Sexy Brutale without ever being allowed to be visible to either the guests or the staff.  The mechanic stopping you does it in a nice way that prevents punishing the player from accidentally being in the wrong spot but also stops you from interacting in the rooms when you are.  Through a groundhog's day-esque mechanic, you repeat the day infinitely until you find the way to solve each particular murder, so it's best to just watch what unfolds once or twice before trying to do too much.It's not a long game, although there are collectibles that unlock some additional content for those that are interested in being completionist.  Instead, The Sexy Brutale focuses on making the most of the time it does have you, and succeeds at it.  The amount of character and lore oozing from the game shows just how much the developer cared about making it.That said, I think it should be said that this game is not going to satisfy hard-core puzzlers who like fiendishly difficult or complicated games.  The puzzles are interesting, but intuitive.  The true reward of this game isn't solving the puzzle, it's about exploring the mansion and observing all the particulars of each murder.  There's layers upon layers of stuff to find, and as you get further in the story you can appreciate more of it.  In a sense, getting the full picture of what's going on in each scenario is more of the puzzle than solving the murder."
76561198276778006,Recommended,552590,33302631,Posted: 5 July,all,W@RRIOR,"Overall it is a very good game. The game have good graphics, great soundtrack, that change depending on where you are and what happens on screen. The game have interesting and mature story. Unfortunately, I can't tell more about it without spoilers. And most important, the game have interesting and unique gameplay. You need save visitors of hotel that murdered by watching what happened to them and then prevent those events. You live same day over and over. Well done. However, the game relatively short. It took me about 8 hours and the game don't have replay value unless you want to get all collectibles. But hey, quality above quantity."
,Recommended,552590,33575435,Posted: 15 July,all,eskizan,I really enjoyed this game. The design and music are quirky and catchy. I had a lot of fun roaming from room to room and discovering information about the Mansion and its guests.The only negative I have is not being able to see what cards I had collected.
,Recommended,552590,33575443,Posted: 15 July,all,Zyik,"Its a beautiful story with amazing mechanics. I loved the timeloop aspect, it allowed me to take in the scenery without feeling the need to rush."
,Recommended,552590,33456041,Posted: 11 July,all,Kalisto,While the puzzles themselves are one the simpler side the slow uncovering of the mystery and the whole tone of the game are simply amazing.The soundtrack is lively and super fun.The time management mechanic keeps the game engaging even through repeats.There's some polish it could use here and there like with the card tracking and the slow 'waking up' each day.
,Recommended,552590,33482355,Posted: 12 July,all,tsunilly,"I never reviewed games before but this wonderful gem of a game left me a powerful impression. I always liked the concept of a timeloop mysteries - the game mechanics ties nicely with the theme. Puzzles are relatively simply, but the mansion is rich and very well alive - there's an elated feeling of wanting to explore every inch and watch every interaction of the characters.  Solving a mystery COULD get repetitive, but that's part of the charm and theme. It also probably means you're barking at the wrong solution. Wonderful soundtrack as well."
,Recommended,552590,33495599,Posted: 12 July,all,Vinterro,"An excellent game, through and through. The story is excellent, with various twists along the way. The music is fantastic, and perfectly fits with the story and surrounding scenes. The puzzles needed a bit of thought but weren't too difficult. Each person had their own personality and livelyhood in the mansion, and there's plenty to explore there. I highly recommend to people who like groundhog-day esque titles, and who don't mind seeing the same thing from different perspectives."
76561198050755602,Recommended,552590,33601351,Posted: 16 July,all,Jonathan41,"Beautiful, thoughtful and fun. This game is extremly well-crafted."
,Recommended,552590,33678998,Posted: 20 July,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Cool groundhog's day puzzle game.Favorite Thing: The entire gameplay loop was really fun. Tracking people, finding out how they died and how to stop it was a blast.Least Favorite Thing: The movement speed. When you want to go to the other side of the building it's so very slow.Date Completed: 2017-07-15Playtime: ~ 7.5hEnjoyment: 9/10Recommendation: Definitely. There's a ton in here to enjoy."
76561198093223590,Recommended,552590,33708146,Posted: 21 July,all,Christie,"Really fun mechanics, solid story, beautiful music."
76561198062363730,Recommended,552590,33710314,Posted: 21 July,all,yo.,"This game is beautiful. Not from a graphics standpoint certainly but while story is quite simple it still made me cry. This game is all together a lovely experience. Sadly, there are some bugs but they are not major nor game breaking. Hopefully these bugs will be patched out sometime soon. The story can be rushed through I do recomend taking your time and thoroughly exploring. I don't have much else to say, I enjoyed this game, it was fun."
,Recommended,552590,33724445,Posted: 22 July,all,Vivelin,"I don't often review games, but this games deserves more attention. It's a relatively short game (although roughly half of my playtime was offline, so Steam stats aren't entirely accurate), but just long enough. Interesting puzzles, great atmosphere, fantastic music all backed by an interesting story. There are a few loading delays here and there which make the game feel unresponsive at times, but it's minor and doesn't really ruin the experience."
76561198009073866,Recommended,552590,33748409,Posted: 23 July,all,Gesh86,"The Sexy Brutale is one of the more unusual puzzle/adventure games I've played and I'm glad I did. There's something very original about it. Rather than giving you obvious missions, you find out how a guest is assassinated by tailing them, then you search the surrounding areas for clues and possible ways on how to prevent their death. It's a clever game about gathering information that will reward patient players.I wouldn't exactly recommend The Sexy Brutale to people who search only for action or challenge. When you mess up and find yourself in the same room as a guest or staff member, their mask coming to life and chasing you may be eerie at first, but it's more of a slight inconvenience. While you are defenseless, It's not trying to be a horror game or an unforgiving struggle to survive. The game is also relatively short. 10 hours to 100% it isn't much. However...Far more than the gameplay, its stylish morbidity, excellent jazz music, and storytelling compels. Said story is starting off very slowly and seems afraid to tell you too much at first. It's being so big and mysterious that you'll be wondering if it can possibly be worth it in the end. In my opinion it was, the payoff was very, very moving and satisfying for me. It completely made up for the short playtime I mentioned.In summary: If you're looking for something unique, smart and emotional, The Sexy Brutale should be your pick."
,Recommended,552590,33735588,Posted: 22 July,all,[OKYPSO] toom87,Fantastic game.  It's like Clue meets Groundhog Day.  Music is very good and very fitting to the setting.  Definitely pick it up if it's on sale.
76561198142058050,Recommended,552590,33773994,Posted: 24 July,all,livasdimitris,"This is one game that will make you hate the guy that created the story because of all the sick and twisted things happening throughout the game while on the same time you want play it again and again just like the main hero of the game. By far one of, if not THE, best game in its genre. Oh, and one more thing, the music will stick in your head and that's a good thing.Get it."
,Recommended,552590,33776940,Posted: 24 July,all,Zombiefish,"+ Exceptional soundtrack+ Great puzzles, using mostly observation+ Great ending- A little bit unpolished, but nothing that takes away from the experienceVerdict: Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,552590,34040266,Posted: 5 August,all,Asra,"Mystery, intrigue, and time-travel. What more do you want from a game?"
76561198045717008,Recommended,552590,34046211,Posted: 5 August,all,chazown97,"I got this on sale for $10. Saw it in the specials one weekend and thought it look interesting.Overall, I loved the experiance. The soundtrack and atmosphere were to die for. The controles were a bit clunky, but nothing too terrible. The story was a joy to uncover, and I must say, the ending took me by suprise.Great game!"
76561198093002339,Recommended,552590,34045627,Posted: 5 August,all,SiriusChico,"Ok, so this is very interesting and surprising game. At its core it is time driven, point and click puzzle game. However the more you will sink into game the more you will notice that there is something very wrong with the mansion and the masks. If you are a fan of puzzle games, point and click and story focused games the The Sexy Brutale is a highly recommendable."
76561197985135024,Recommended,552590,34048564,Posted: 5 August,all,Jax,"Good, well-paced mystery and story game. Puzzles walk that fine line between too easy and too complicated or time consuming."
76561197963560521,Recommended,552590,34042975,Posted: 5 August,all,Hotaru Tranquility,"A fun little game with nice artwork, some really nice music and a solid cast of characters.All in all, a well-rounded experience that's well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,552590,34042691,Posted: 5 August,all,Nixu,The game is around 4-6 hours long.+ Storyline+ Music+ Graphics- Minor jitter/screen transition problems- Some puzzles can be solved accidentally
76561197972507566,Recommended,552590,34034661,Posted: 5 August,all,Itchy-Mitchy,unexpectedly awesome.  i kinda wish it wasnt over so soon.... oh well. maybe there will be  sequel.
76561198045185454,Recommended,552590,33996301,Posted: 3 August,all,Cpt.Buggy,Best game with masks and time reversal since Majora's Mask :D
76561198118191884,Recommended,552590,34029826,Posted: 4 August,all,P-rizzle,Short game but fun and interesting
76561198025412113,Recommended,552590,34000100,Posted: 3 August,all,Phyx,One of the few games I actually played from start to end. It's very well designed and just outright genious. One of the most intriguing adventure and puzzle games out there.The ability to mess with time is not just a gimmick thrown on top but the central concept around which this game revolves and it is very well executed.I came hoping for a different-than-the-norm gameplay and stayed for the brilliant mansion and the creative ways of murdering in the game.
,Recommended,552590,34024128,Posted: 4 August,all,Dorian,Time-travel adventure with a very innovative gameplay mechanic and a twist ending.
,Recommended,552590,33995411,Posted: 3 August,all,Burgeemeister,A game that will stick with you long after you finish it.
76561197968761282,Recommended,552590,33994829,Posted: 3 August,all,Arc,"Let me tell you about this incredible party I was late to.The Sexy Brutale (the title of the game and, not coincidentally, the name of the mansion/casino where the game takes place [How this eludes so many people when it's all over the place, I cannot say ...]) is positively bursting with style, personality, charm, and polish.  Walk into this like I did with nothing besides the main store trailer and a nod that ""you might not have played this"" from Extra Credits, and you will find yourself constantly impressed with the craftsmanship on display.  I don't want to tell you much about the game proper because, as I just said, the less you know the more you'll experience for yourself.That said, what I can tell you is this:This is a game where the mechanics and story are well interwoven, and if you can appreciate that you'll find something wonderful at its core.  The puzzles themselves are not that hard and won't stump the usual audience of brain-burners, but like I just said, I don't feel like the puzzles are truly the focus of this game.Exploring the mansion is delightful.  Aesthetically it is a true joy, and working out your mental map to accompany the physical one is fun too.The soundtrack you'll find at your side as you stumble around is nothing short of masterful.  I've listened to it twice so far this morning already.  Just can't get away from these haunting tunes~ ;PI played the game from start to finish - and 100% after that - in a single 6 hour sitting (with a little lunch break, but hey, I'm human).Let The Sexy Brutale draw you in as it did me.  Let it tickle your curiosity with its many extravagant displays.  Let it sooth your ears with its seductive soundtrack.  Let it horrify you with touches of the macabre.  Then let the day begin anew and do it all again.  Welcome ... to The Sexy Brutale."
,Recommended,552590,33987184,Posted: 3 August,all,Shaw,Nothing I can say that someone else has already written
76561198013553467,Recommended,552590,34002498,Posted: 3 August,all,bdawg,Great game. Enjoyed it. Worth the money.
,Recommended,552590,34010717,Posted: 4 August,all,SaVoK4Nto,"I never really care enough to review games, but something about this one in particular caught my eye. It had this very unique touch that was able to grip me and kept me wanting to play more and more, just to find out what was going on. Of course this is a very slow paced game, trust me, I was skeptical at first and was lowkey hating it (like I play fast paced shooters lol), but if you can bare the thought of being patient and getting rewarded with an interesting and slowly unraveling mystery with some rewards in between, then this game will be enjoyable. I will say though, tbh, at times the game got slow/stale and a few times confusing (contemplated YouTube help twice lmao), but luckily I didnt, because once you finish this game without any help, it feels great. I definitely recommend, even though it's not a major title, for Indie game, it's amazing; if you get to the ending, believe me, one of the greatest I've seen in awhile; so conflicting, like such a tearjerker. Really intuive, creative, brain worker, sad, relieving, and just overall amazing. 10/10 would not play again, just because I don't want to spoil how great the first playthrough was ;)"
,Recommended,552590,34005338,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr.Mancho,"Please, buy it and enjoy with me the beauty ofdeath"
76561197993593319,Recommended,552590,34081393,Posted: 7 August,all,Ant Nest,"The Sexy Brutale follows the story of Lufcadio as he tried to solve a series of brutal murders happening in a mansion. Armed only with his wits, and trusty pocket watch that lets him rewind time, Lufcadio is determined to get to the bottom of whats going on at The Sexy Brutale Mansion.An amazing querky adventure game with a great story, simple mechanics, and intereseting characters.Although the game isn't long (12 hours for a 100% complete) It's definitly worth the buy if you enjoy games with-querky art styles-amazing sense of forbodding-time travel-problem solving-A game title that makes it awkward to talk to other people about (just try telling someone you were playing The Sexy Brtuale last night)What could be improved-movement mechanics are a bit unpolished on a mouse and keyboard set up-Where is my Sunday?!?!!?!"
,Recommended,552590,34066599,Posted: 6 August,all,Szejker,A fantastic game. Lovely art style and very entertaining gameplay mechanics. Story is not too bad as well.
76561198104286754,Recommended,552590,34063419,Posted: 6 August,all,Panic,The story is absolutely fantastic and the concept is awesome
,Recommended,552590,34092662,Posted: 7 August,all,ffxlovercah,Wonderful game.  Probably the most fun I've had in a while.  I only hope they plan to do make more like this.
76561198064443578,Recommended,552590,34094290,Posted: 7 August,all,Sogetastic,"There's a reason for 12% of players getting the achievement for total completion, and that is because this game draw you in like few others. It's fantastically put together and you want to see how every tiny piece fits into the whole."
,Recommended,552590,34090733,Posted: 7 August,all,subversiveVectorMachine,"Decent game.  I don't feel it was necessarily too short but I do feel there was artwork that could have been used for gameplay content and I wonder if they ran out of development time.  The gameplay could have been much more complex; as it stands, there are several mostly-independent sections of the gameplay and it would have been much more satisfying if they had all been mixed together.  Still, nice artwork and sound, a kind of mediocre story arc, but a neat idea overall."
76561198313970924,Recommended,552590,34078664,Posted: 7 August,all,SilentRayze,"I recommend ths game pretty much for anyone... It has an incredible soundtrack, stunning visuals, and an amazing plot.It´s not short of a masterpiece. Sadly at the moment it´s really underappreciated, but this WILL be considered a modern classic."
76561198285308189,Recommended,552590,34075172,Posted: 6 August,all,BlinkinLi9hts,"Simply brilliant!  The story draws you in along with a suprisingly deep back story that unfolds as you progress.  A unique experience that is nothing short of perfection.  If you like story driven, mysteries and can appreciate a deep storyline than this is the game for you.Only down side for me is the length.  Clocking in for me at around 10 hours of gameplay but what a 10 hours!"
,Recommended,552590,34063999,Posted: 6 August,all,Garr Incorporated,"This is a really good example of how an indie game should be made. It is not without it's flaws, but the idea and - most importantly - execution were great. I loved playing throught this game, and would recommend it to everyone."
76561198031747827,Recommended,552590,34069048,Posted: 6 August,all,He Doesn't Row,Gripping point-and-click with great integration of gameplay and narrative.
,Recommended,552590,34070270,Posted: 6 August,all,Heinyken,"Point & click with minimal room for exploration. A puzzle game, but one that requires you accomplish and discover exactly what is left for you to discover, in exactly the right order. Snarky dialogue is sometimes fun, but cutscenes and animations take too long. Beautiful artwork that is very compelling, and excellent music. A solid ""good time"", but barely 5 1/2 hours worth of game."
,Recommended,552590,34102602,Posted: 8 August,all,The Honourable Hobknob,"It's fun, interesting story, somewhat simple puzzle solving, but I personally liked it because overly advanced and complicated puzzles frustrate or annoy me, and yet there not so blatantly easy as to be boring and inane. I'd definitely recommend it."
76561197999045915,Recommended,552590,33982582,Posted: 2 August,all,DaSkruff,"If you like puzzle games, buy this when it's on sale.Cute aesthetic, great music, generally simple, yet logical puzzles. You'll get about 10 hours of gameplay clearing it entirely without a walkthrough.There's a few weird things, like the control setup, and occasionally for dramatic reasons, there are doors that break the core mechanics of the game without reasoning, but nothing that will stop you from enjoying it.Well worth $10-15."
76561198001905338,Recommended,552590,33983839,Posted: 2 August,all,thefollowingcharacters,"Outstanding.  The writing, music, and artistry are excellent.  The game is a puzzle adventure game, without the tedium of pixel hunts and mouseclicks.  The rewinding time element means you have to plan out when something is going to occur, with a window that is pretty loose to avoid frustrations.If you like any adventure games at all, buy it.  If you enjoy RPGs for the story, buy it.  If you like great atmosphere and a world that has a history to it, buy it."
76561197972287685,Recommended,552590,34101051,Posted: 8 August,all,[XIII] cdiraiden,"Hello in this state the game is impossible to play with xbox 360 controller or Keyboard from my point of view. I've done with this crap on pc. The game as it is is awesome and would be recommended at any time. But with my system g15 keyboard, wireless controller 360 it is impossible to play. First my controller were not detected and it is the only game which did not. 2. If the controller is not detected why on earth the game dont find my keyboard so i can press the f****ing x button in the tutorial. Everyone load it not legally and try it before you buy it and you have a dead game because you can't play it. It is the first time I have this issue in a game which is so new. And from my perspective it is a shame that the developers didn't fix this since april either bring the game on pc out with out a workaround.Yes I unplugged my controller but the Keyboard is still dont working ingame. And yes I tried my 360 Controller and plugged it in before I started the game and it has the same effect. (like read in many communitychats or on google)So everyone who wants to play it like me. Try it without buying till this is fixed or you will have a hard time with this.It is worth every penny because I watched some minutes on Youtube and saw the Review of Totalbiscuit which was the reason to buy it.Maybe sometime my system respond so I will  experience that for myself. I will not buy it for another system, either. I will not reward this error.UPDATE: I can play the game now. I played first Rocket League with controller after that I switched to sexy brutal and now the controller was found. How this works or why this was not working I cannot say but as I mentioned the game is awesome. Everyone who wants a puzzle game like cluedo (clue in english I think) go grab it. It is high recommended. But beware of the options. ;)"
76561197970832135,Recommended,552590,34156730,Posted: 10 August,all,scififan42,"The Sexy Brutale is a unique adventure mystery with memorable characters and an interesting story.  The game ""day"" resets every 12 hours (in game time, of course) for plot reasons, and some may find this annoying as it forces the player to repeat actions and event scenes.  However, this is a major game mechanic and essential to the story; for me, it never felt tedious or forced.The game is on the short side, but well worth the price.  The puzzles are not too difficult, nor are they too easy - quite enjoyable for the most part.  The story is where the game really shines, and it will stick with me for some time!"
,Recommended,552590,34159038,Posted: 10 August,all,-DOOMER-,"I honestly dont know what to think about this game.  It is an interesting twist on clue and time travel.  I love the consept, I love the art, but the gameplay is a big clunky.  Thus far the puzzles are ok, but not amazingly interesting or rewarding.  5/10 so far, but I'm not giving up on it.  I play a little bit from time to time, so maybe its more interesting to me than a 50/50 review."
,Recommended,552590,34180837,Posted: 11 August,all,SittingDuck,Great game!  It's not that short and is a great story.  It's one of the few games that I liked enough that after winning I bothered to get all the achievments.
76561198398115075,Recommended,552590,34182816,Posted: 11 August,all,xfwbird,"This game is so so so so sos os sososososososo awesome. There is so much thought that went into it, and the story is engaging, interesting,  and unpredictable. It's relaxing enough to play as a meditative game, and also exciting enough to play for the murderous action, the evasion of characters, and the rush as you try to efficiently save the guests.As so many have done so already, I highly recommend this game."
76561198010925964,Recommended,552590,34190358,Posted: 12 August,all,Oort Cloud,"I enjoyed the concept a lot. And the main casino theme, somewhat integrating the idea of all the murders running over and over again. The first seconds of the track you feel - it's that again.But the ending did not satisfy me. It was a story, but that was not the ending that would tie up all the elements. Most of the puzzling details turned out completely irrelevant. And that's not what I want when immersime into some extent of detective setup."
,Recommended,552590,34214044,Posted: 13 August,all,tearfromthered,"A stunning fresh take at the point'n'click genre. A 3D isometric gorgeous exploration adventures with modern puzzles that both feel fresh and classic. Amazing art and music, very unique setting for this game. A good entry point for noobs in this genre as well."
,Recommended,552590,34226484,Posted: 13 August,all,Continuity Coffee,This game is so intricate in its detail. The soundtrack is a great combination between atmospheric and catchy. There is loads of off-story content and a large map. There are challenging timing puzzles. I can't recommend this game enough.
76561198032033863,Recommended,552590,34237075,Posted: 14 August,all,nicebagdad,This game is an experience worth buying. enough said i think.
76561198026002532,Recommended,552590,34258120,Posted: 15 August,all,VaeVictis,"This is an excellent take on a puzzle game. With beutiful graphics and soudtrack, that add to the charm of the story. The gameplay is great as well. Highly Recommend."
76561198044862181,Recommended,552590,34251486,Posted: 15 August,all,DarkSoldier,"I bought this game after watching Jim Sterling's video review and I love it. It's a puzzle game with its own twist: you can't be in the same room as any other character, so you have to learn the NPCs' routes and schedules so you can work around them to stop the mansion/casino/theatre's staff from murdering them. Another mechanic is time manipulation: you relive the same twelve-hour period over and over in order to save the guests and can rewind time back to noon at will or advance time to 4 or 8 PM at any clock.The characters are well written and endearing; even the staff have their own quips and barbs. Even though you can't be in the room, you can watch through keyholes or listen to the surrounding area to observe their interactions, which are sometimes key to learning secrets you'll need to get around and save people.My only criticism is that there's no list for collected cards. There's an entire standard deck of playing cards scattered throughout the mansion and no way to know which ones you've picked up. At least the Brochure section of the menu will display backstory for each guest when you find their invitations."
76561197998671148,Recommended,552590,34206643,Posted: 12 August,all,skysetdancer,"I loved this game. The story was great, with some twists, and I enjoyed the gameplay and mechanics.If a ""Groundhog's Day"" style game where you relive the same day and go around a mansion preventing murders (while trying not to be seen) sounds even a little interesting to you, I'd strongly suggest this game."
,Recommended,552590,34206342,Posted: 12 August,all,grimfate,"The Sexy Brutale is an adventure game, where you are trapped in a repeating day and need to try and save the guests, each of which are killed at a specific point in the day.- It's a pretty nice looking game, both in art style and quality.- Decent length. Took me 6.7 hours to complete, according to Steam.- The story of what is happening is mostly dispensed right at the end of the game, but it is a decent story.- Gameplay is pretty simple. A coloured circle lays around anything that can be interacted with, and you mostly interact by entering the circle and left-clicking. Some objects can be picked up to be used elsewhere like most other adventure games, and you gain some powers that can also be used in certain places.- The game is pretty easy. Most of the objects you pick up have an obvious use, as do the powers. The solution to preventing each murder is usually pretty easy to discern by simply finding the victim and following them, with what kills them (or leads to it) becoming obvious, with most solutions being quite obvious too.- No serious issues with the game. Besides getting a pitch black room while it loaded a few times, I experienced no bugs, crashes or any other serious flaws."
76561198025962842,Recommended,552590,34259291,Posted: 15 August,all,vegard.m,"It's funny, and do give some challenging puzzles.It's a unique design, with a good story.Though, the ending is a bit predictable. And the ending puzzle is way much easier than even the first one in the chapel, which is actually very easy, it just doesn't seem like it the first time you play it, because you don't quite have the full grasp of what you can do yet."
76561198262029742,Recommended,552590,35340243,Posted: 30 September,all,Special Agent Quinoa Flakes,cool
76561197999327684,Recommended,552590,35362016,Posted: 30 September,all,Epic Reject,"I had a great time with this game start to finish. Without spoiling anything story related, the game plays out liek Groundhog Day with a repeating day concept and along with teh very good music the game felt very unique to play. The game itself wasn't amazingly difficult or amazingly long (I completed the game 100% in a day) but the puzzles were interesting and the story was unique so I didn't mind at all. I will say (at least at teh time I bought it) that the only way to properly BUY the OST was by getting the physical PS4 version which annoyed me a bit.All in all I would say the game is definately worth the money, but it has been on sale recently for around 10 bucks so there's no real reason NOT to give this game a try in that case."
76561198023784533,Recommended,552590,35487827,Posted: 4 October,all,Le Possüm,"Clue meets Majora's Mask.  Beautiful aesthetic, wonderful music.  Seamlessly blends game mechanics with storytelling.  Be prepared to get Shayamalamadingdonged (plot twist of epic proportions).  Well-crafted puzzle solving gameplay that feels rewarding when you finally see that critical thing you needed to watch to understand what needs to be done.Easy recommend."
