user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,553260,32522734,Posted: 17 June,all,United Federation of Planets,"Tries to do everything and does it poorly. That's the way I have to describe this game. I enjoy the game but I can't recommend it. First of all, the tutorial, even the advanced tutorials don't really explain much more than how to basically play the game. The tool tips are nearly entirely unhelpful. They'll tell you what a button is but it won't tell you what effect it will have or why that matters. The war system needs a complete overhaul. If you have twenty aircraft divisions you will be defeated multiple times in air supremacy operations against three divisions. Take the airfields of your enemy? Somehow they still have three air divisions to use against you. Complete a tank destruction operation? Somehow your enemy doesn't lose any tanks. The scenarios require you to do things in abusrdly short timelines (at least for some, Reuniting China in 15 years comes to mind). Have citizens rebel? Somehow these rebels have 30 infanty divisions, more tank divisions than your military has, and 5 air divisions - I'm not exageratting, that happened the last game I played. As a nitpick, why does the Confederacy of the United States own the Moon in 2050?The diplomacy options are extremely limited. There's no alliances, trade agreements, embargos, etc. there's only creating political blocs, being angry, being nice, and being at war.I find the game fun, don't get me wrong, but I couldn't recommend this game especially at this price point. This game should be $9.99.I thought that this game has potential if you overhaul the war system, nerf rebels, enhance tool tips, fix the colonization system, allow you to take an enemy's capital before taking all their provinces, etc. but there's no steam workshop support and there are plans for DLC already."
,Not Recommended,553260,29969613,Posted: 16 February,all,phantommarshy,"What is there is fairly polished but it is dreadfully shallow.For example:It is far too easy for your Bloc to fall apart (via relationship cost as well as enemy spy interference)Blocs are also shallow: You aren't creating a European Union or NATO, you are essentially creating an Alliance with slight modifiers. It would be more interesting if you and other nations were negotiating your way towards Federalisation.Diplomacy within Blocs is non-existant as what the player says goes (as long as you keeps relations high) Other countries don't get a vote in anything.You also can't enter another Bloc as a player, you MUST start your own which limits your play considerably if you play as any country other than the ones recommended by the game and playing as those countries is already like playing with a hand tied behind your back.The United Nations is an interesting system but is limited to only the top nations in the game. This means if you don't play as one of the recommended countries, you have no say in International affairs at all unless you somehow manage to turn your small, poor nation into a top 12 GDP country. This isn't how the United Nations works as all countries get a vote.There is almost no military game to speak of, you intiate missions via the war screen (gained when delaring war) that have a varying chance of success. Once you gain 50%+ in War Score, you can negotiate a peace process. There are some interesting options such as 'Adopt my Government System', 'Dispand Bloc' 'Release Region'Internal politics are lacking as in non-existant. You don't pass laws, you don't fight elections, all you get are random events. You get some control using a tech tree which applies benefits to your country. Your regions play almost no role at all as they have nothing to do. No national drives towards Independence, no international drive towards consolidation.One QoL feature I would recommend is if you release a region (Such as the UK releasing Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland) that you gain the option of switching to that new country.Overall, I give it a 6/10... It has some interesting concepts and it is a shame because I see what could have been. If internal politics were more like Crusader Kings, mixed with law/tax changes and international organisations that you can create and customise (with countries able to integrate towards federalism) then it would be much higher. It is just sad that a game set in the modern era failed to encapsulate many entities that are fundemental to modern society."
76561198024942935,Not Recommended,553260,30036197,Posted: 19 February,all,Zentinel,"Current problems:- The game is way too easy (won 1st try as the Netherlands)- Project maintainence is broken- War score is broken- Having a problem of schrödinger's France (France has 1 province, but there is no province that belongs to France.)- War mongerer points are broken (Got last warning from UN after 200 points, now have >10000)- Taking over provinces takes the♥♥♥♥♥♥(there should just be a simple drop down for this, instead of having to scavenge the globe to remember that the UK has the Falkland islands)- Money is irrelevant- War is boring, and it's never clear how I can improve my performance, as performance isn't listed- You can only lead a bloc, not join one.- There is no way to turn a bloc into a new country (not a problem, but so disappointing!)- No other country ever builds an army big enough to fight yours, once you take off.I'm currently living a powerfantasy I didn't want. The rest of the world is pathetic, and there is no coalition out to destroy me. After you take off a little, there is nothing stopping you. I can't recommend it for this reason."
76561198002979539,Recommended,553260,29972466,Posted: 16 February,all,King Fausto,"This review was motivated by the overly critical ones I have seen earlier. I`m a veteran gamer myself playing videogames since 1992; also a Paradox veteran as one can see in my profile and ALSO a political scientist so the success of this game interests me deeply for a variety of reasons and my opinion about it should be worth a copper or two. I`ll try to analyze this game not only by what it is now but also it`s potential.  I`ll also try to analyze the foundation stones laid by the developers and how they could be expanded  in the future, hence the size of the review.RealPolitiks come as a fresh breeze for political nerds like me. This market niche is a very starved one (Grand Strategy with a specifically contemporaneous setting), the few games available are either extremely laggy or with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI (Geopolitical Simulator and Supreme Rule) or somewhat streamlined (Democracy 3) or are real old by now (Anyone remember Shadow President or Hidden Agenda? They still my favorites). This game is a nice try into this deserted market with something new and polished. And in that it deliver. The game has a nice flow to itself and a decent UI, which the tutorial presents to you nicely. But unfortunately it lacks in depth. I'll proceed to point out Pros and cons and then to my verdict.Pros:-> A new entry with a nice approach in a starved market niche. The developers had a good political consultant as the mechanics seem well adjusted to the XXI century reality and they also use some real academical political science concepts in it-> Extremely polished, no bugs or glitches so far.-> Decent UI, it takes a bit of time to accommodate but once you get used it flows nicely. The tutorial does a good job to initiate you.  There’s room for improvement here, but the developers should focus elsewhere.-> Very interesting random events covering realistical near and far future scenarios with also realistical options to solve then. I really liked the ones about space and deep ocean exploration. But even though I know it’s called random events for a reason is seems strange to see a country that is racing to colonize the moon suffering from a disease epidemic at the same time.-> Loading Screens are ♥♥♥♥ING GORGEOUS! I wish the game took long to load just to look at them. The developers should add new ones, with different characters from all around the world in every update!  I took some SS from the ones I saw, if I got you curious.-> Project System: I liked this new approach. It tries to represent very well how a government in XXI century influences their societies and economies. Save for a few exceptions (N.Korea I’m looking to you), most countries don’t steer their people directly like cattle, but influence their opinions, lives and acts with advertising, public works and political discourses and practices. The Project system tries to represent this and actually deliver, working in a tech tree fashion. The only part of it that I dislike is that the developers mended it with the actual tech tree, for me they should be in different sections or better yet two completely different mechanisms.  But unfortunately the project system suffers from the main problem of the game: Lack of DepthCons:-> Lack of DepthThe game is sadly shallow. All the main aspects are shallow: Economy, diplomacy and war. The economy mostly handles itself, apart from the stock exchange which I’ll explain later. You can influence economy via the Projects system and the random events, what seems realistically for a free market world, but I missed more direct control over the overall direction your country goes (Free Market x Interventionism for instance) and also I haven’t seem much difference between Agricultural, Industrial or Services focus, though I haven't played with an agricultural country yet.The Stock Exchange mechanism is also a pretty neat one! After finishing some projects you are allowed to open your own stock exchange to attract foreign capital to your country. You can influence it with the projects and by inviting countries to trade in your stock market. This mechanism is not very thoroughly explained and I may be missing something, but apart from a few more bucks in your monthly budget it doesn't seem to influence the game too much, what is a real SHAME because the idea is perfect for a geopolitical simulator. This is the reason it is in the Cons list, otherwise this would be a HUGE pro.Diplomacy is utterly flawed, being the only mechanic that needs a deep restructure. The countries seem to ignore that you exist, save if you try to play the modern Hitler. Also your attempts to improve or deteriorate relations or start regional blocs don’t seem to matter at all, again save in the case of wars when the countries in your bloc will come to your aid. It is very hard to keep your relations with other countries above or below the 40-60% range, which makes the game very bland. The UN mechanism is good, but also lacks depth. With very few resolutions available it grows old very fast.The war mechanism is also a good one for me, though it seems that a lot of people hate it. Remembering that you play the role of the chief of staff and not the tactical commander, you don’t get to see or command any units; you just choose what kind and how many units to deploy to a certain theater and can also choose what kind of operation they will follow. The game automatically calculates the results (Paradox style) and adds the corresponding war score, killing your or enemies units in process. The only difference from RealPolitiks to the default Paradox style is that you don’t control where your army goes, bypassing the terrain factor completely;  instead you can choose their operations (Focal Attack, Breakthrough, Seize airfields etc), which falls as a AI responsibility in the Paradox mechanism. From a 60% war score onwards a peace treaty can be proposed. The war mechanism can be totally automated with decent results in my experience. Some people can complain about it, but it seems fair and well calibrated to me considering what this games proposes itself to and taking the actual role of a chief of staff in account.-> Bizarre AIThe AI is really unpredictable and very far off from what one could expect from a political simulation game in contemporaneous setting. In one of my plays Russia just declared war to almost everyone (France, Ukraine, EUA, Finland and the list goes on…… Ok, ok. This is not SO far off a possible reality) and went on it until it finally lost to a coalition which reshaped the country entirely. But still, this doesn’t seem to be a rational approach by the AI. Also in the same play Mexico won the race to colonize the moon which is something pretty unlikely to happen in the near future too. What I`m trying to say is that the AI should be calibrated with the real condition that the countries are, not the overall “conquer victory points” logic.-> Few scenarios and no editorThe game bring you three scenarios. A 2020 starting one; one starting after a hypothetical WW3 that is not exactly explained how it happened; and a deathmatch one starting in 2200. In my opinion, a 2009 one (Economic Crisis) and a 2017 one should come as default and also a editor would be good for political nerds like me.Conclusion: 6.5/10 with a 9 our even a full 10 potencial.The developers focuses too much on getting a polished game with functional and accurate Mechanisms that they bypassed entirely the depth factor and the calibration of AI. Nothing that can't be solved with few patches, a intelligent DLC and good modding tools. I just hope the developers see to that sooner than later, as I really want to play this game in its full potencial. Also Kudos for their boldness in trying to faceoof in a market niche with few games and much fanhate."
76561198101905616,Recommended,553260,29973798,Posted: 16 February,all,Peep the toad,"It's a simple and very enjoyable strategy game. However, many of Realpolitiks features are oversimplified. This isn't a game for hardcore grand strategy fans."
,Recommended,553260,30013806,Posted: 18 February,all,Sabaku no Jōki,"If you are expecting a Paradox game set in current times, this is not the game for you.If you just want a good, fun game, then this might be for you. It's not as complicated as some other games, sure, but it's great in what it does. A lot of the negative reviews are just people blaming the game for mechanics they didn't fully understand. If you are willing to give this a shot and to not blame the game for your mistakes, you'll probably have fun. A lot of fun."
76561198078991065,Not Recommended,553260,30885800,Posted: 1 April,all,Aces324,"You guys are close. I love the game so far but I can't recommend it. The thing I love most about the game is the potential you've created. For that reason I will continue to play and monitor.My feedback is simple, as many people have said, make this a little less like ""Risk"" and add more economy sim and political sim. I want ACTUAL politics, not just a warsim.Keep it up. I'll be here testing every new release."
76561197983640890,Not Recommended,553260,30051464,Posted: 19 February,all,kmonsen,"I have tried to like the game, and played it quite a bit. It is just too buggy right now, some being really obvious.The most critical one is that GDP growth is calculated as an integer, so does not work for small provinces unless the growth is insanely high. Another thing is that GDP growth is insanely powerful which means if you use it correctly money becomes a non-issue in the second half of the game.Another bug I found was that the game thought the country I was winning a war against had two provinces so I could not take it over, but in the province list it only had one. Which meant that I had a neighbour I could never win against.The UI is also very clumsy, for example replenishing the units lost in war is hopelessy complicated and requires several clicks, it should be possible for the game to do that for you.There is a good game in there, but for now stay away at any cost."
76561198114672855,Not Recommended,553260,30238326,Posted: 28 February,all,"if I'm silent, means ur muted","Change name to UnrealNon-Politiks and wait for price to drop below.. I don't know, they have to pay me for playing it and it's not going to be cheap.To summarize: there is nothing real in RealPolitiks and there is no politics.Game is shallow. Economy is nonexistent and it is very easy to turn 3rd world country into world power in like 30 years.Biggest flaws:1.	Currency? Who needs currency? There is no such thing as inflation…2.	Basically there is no real economy and creators didn’t do any effort to create something alike.3.	Events: there are random events and date-related events. I had to deal with roads covered in snow in Somalia… You dig?? Roads in Somalia? Snow on roads in Somalia? WTF?4.	There is no politics, no political landscape. No internal politics, no external either… You don't talk to leaders. You can invade countries and thats it.5.	You don’t care about elections at all. Why would you…6.	Military – you just buy tanks or infantry and send them wherever you want. I have no idea how wins or loses are calculated. There is no strategy for military domination, you just send troops and if you have more of them, you conquer a country. If you turn a country into rumble, you still can take only one province that you share border with. Fighting here in this game is just plain stupid and have nothing to do with strategy or planning.7.	There is HDI index. Why is it there I have no idea. They should check how to measure HDI before implementing it there.8.	There are almost no internal country social management options. Only a few. Clearly when you don’t care about elections you don’t need such options.Did you know that the CEO of this developer did political science faculty in Poland? They should either revoke his diploma or kill this faculty.Before buying, I read some opinions about this game comparing to the Geo Political Simulator. Grow up. This could be an android game that you play taking a crap. RP to GPS is like DynaBlaster to Civilization 5.Oh, the best in this game are pictures of Putin, Obama and Merkel."
76561198004760437,Not Recommended,553260,31892877,Posted: 21 May,all,=(FGR)=Sentinel,"If you're like me and are interested in this because of the ""Grand Strategy"" tag, you're going to be disappointed with its current state.Realpolitiks is a game that has the interesting idea of combining two different concepts into one game: a strategy game with the Earth split into regions like Risk or a Paradox game and the ability to spread to other planets, courtesy of Paradox's sci fi game Stellaris or literally half the games produced or developed by Stardock. I haven't been able to find any game that does both, which makes this a great selling point if you're looking for a game like this, but sadly Realpolitiks pulls the entire idea off very poorly with none of the depth of either and, worse yet, is so buggy and lacking of features in some cases that you'd honestly think this was an early access game at best.First off, let's talk about the ""decision tree."" It's basically a tech tree that you can cancel things out when you don't need it or can't maintain it any more. In theory, this is an interesting idea, but in practice it's seriously restricting since you can only be ""enacting"" two at a time and almost require planning out what you're going to get in what order before you start the game because of this limit and the amount of time it takes to enact each decision/policy. If you decide partway through that you should be focusing on making your own tanks rather than importing them, it's usually better off to just leave your policies as they are and deal with the issue rather than wasting precious years changing things.Second is the diplomacy and politics. Considering this game might seem welcoming to fans of other Grand Strategy games, there's very little here to deal with: instead of the complex set of diplomatic states you generally have, in Realpolitiks your possible diplomatic stances in regards to other countries are basically ""preparing to go to war,"" ""at war,"" ""recovering from war,"" ""manipulating them so you can use their stuff in war,"" and ""random guy I can't go to war with right now and isn't worth turning into a puppet."" Internal politics are also slim: you have three stats that represent parts of your government and can change every four years by up to 2 points each in either direction. If you can somehow increase the target of each stat by a great deal more than that in that timeframe, you're stuck waiting for events to manually adjust the stat or multiple elections for it to drift to the target values.After that we have what SHOULD be the heart and soul of a strategy game: the actual strategy. Realpolitiks somehow manages to capture the feel of a game like something Paradox would make while also getting this core part not quite right. Instead of being able to move your individual armies from region to region like the world is just a giant game of Risk, you pick ""operations"" that can succeed or fail for no real reason. To give an idea, it's possible for a nation with a vastly superior army (technologically) to lose consistently to a less advanced army that happens to have the same number of units or more, causing the game to greatly favor totalitarian states that don't pick a fight with someone twice their size... Except it also punishes such nations with a UN event that gives them the choice of trying to fight off a peacekeeping force being sent to contain your warmongering ways, which spawns three to four HUNDRED units and can curbstomp you into oblivion. If you fail or just ignore it? All three of those stats are dropped down to ONE and you're forced to wait up to 40 years (without events) for your stats to return to what they were before. On top of that, there's two units that are in the game but don't seem to have a purpose: navies and transports. Navies don't seem to have any purpose in operations so far as I've seen, and transports seem to be there to simply limit how you can expand by preventing you from attacking nonadjacent territory... Except they don't do that when you go to war with someone who controls a body in the same planetary system as you (like Jupiter and one of its moons) and you don't need them for some reason.After that we have the events. Most of them are fairly intersting, but there's a few major ones that somehow slipped through the dev's quality control, such as Deeponia in the 2020 start (the event to found it gives the second and third highest funding nations a claim on Deeponia, which makes sense. The issue is it gives the WINNER a claim on it as well, so nobody gets Deeponia) and the second half of the planetary colonization for the 2200 start (to give you an idea, the event chain goes: aliens invade Earth from Jupiter, a funding event starts to colonize the moon and the inner solar system to help combat the ""Martian superpower,"" another funding event starts to give three nations a combat bonus as part of building a superweapon to fight the aliens, aliens get wiped out, an event fires that says it's time to colonize more of the solar system leading to.... an event to fund the creation of a superweapon to fight the alien menace).Lastly, there's the part that manages to catch my attention in spite of all that: the addition of planets and colonization of space. This combination isn't something I've seen in any other game, but this idea still needs work. The only real complaint is that each planet is counted as a single territory, leading to the insanity of a nation that can't control half a continent on Earth controlling all ov Venius as if it was a single region. On top of that, a quick look at it gave me the impression that we might be able to build space stations on our own to build colonies in orbit of Earth or something similar, but this doesn't happen either.The game has a very interesting premise that, sadly, isn't fully realized and I seriously hope improves. If it ever does, I'll gladly change this review to match it."
,Not Recommended,553260,30484453,Posted: 12 March,all,slovenian89,"This is a wargame, the political and economic side of the game is nearly non-existent. There's 3 different ""resources""; money, action points, & natural resources. The main problem is that pretty much everything uses action points and due to how the income/expenses are calculated, you should maintain minimal population and GDP growth, which is completely counter-intuitive.As for natural resources, they are simply used for maintence of certain things. The kicker here is that there is NO international trade. Need more resources? Just activate a project which exchanges money for natural resources. Have excess resources? Just activate a project which exchanges natural resources for money. You don't trade with any certain country, so you can't use your resources as leverage to persuade countries into doing something. No embargos. No trade agreements.Basically, each country's economy is an isolated bubble, no external influences whatsoever.Politics wise, you can create a bloc which combines the military power of the members. You can also enact certain policies in the bloc which gives certain benefits to members; like Common Currency, which increases GDP growth. Problem here is that you can't JOIN a bloc, you may only create one. Extremely problematic if you want to play a smaller country. Blocs also seem to be essentially hard-capped to 6 members (including creator), thus you can't create mega-alliances like NATO or EU.As for combat, you pick a combat ""card"" (operation) and that's it.This is not what I expected from a grand strategy game. You either conquer stuff or you will falter, there is no point in trying to improve your existing territories.I would only recommend if you want a fairly shallow wargame. If you want something more in-depth, I would recommend Superpower 2, a game released just over 12 years ago! At least it has international trade, treaties, & multiplayer."
76561198035593844,Not Recommended,553260,33836110,Posted: 27 July,all,Caleb Jones,"Let me tell you, I was really hyped for this game when it was first announced. I was pretty excited waiting for it. I downloaded the demo as soon as it was released. I was disappointed. However, it was just a demo. I figured the game would be better, right? Wrong.It has an excellent idea, but it is very poorly executed. Wars in Realpolitiks are more a game of chance than anything. Their decision tree is just a very long waiting game that requires massive amounts of resources to be poured into it. The UN is either completely useless or absolutely overpowered; there is no inbetween. Blocs are hard to create as a human player and almost impossible to maintain. Military production seems awfully one-sided. I went to war with my neighbor, who was economically and militarily weaker than I was (by a lot), yet they outproduced me by a mile. I could understand if it was later game, and they had enacted policies to allow for it. It was early game, though. I was richer, more advanced, and a lot more powerful. I eventually managed to close the production gap and build a larger military. As I said above, however, the war system is purely chance. My more advanced, much larger army was obliterated before I could even respond.The game just isn't good. If it's on sale for really cheap, then consider buying it. Otherwise, avoid.Rating: 3/10"
,Not Recommended,553260,33223382,Posted: 4 July,all,NinjaPlease,"Bored to an extreme. No sign of any way to manuever units around the globe outside of war possibly, economic functions seem to be solely based on structures (takes like a decade, or a day playing the game).Game Starts going again as soon as you hit the ""OK"" after unlocking a new tech wasting 1x day almost every single time you unlock a tech, which over time adds up to a lower end tech or two you won't net because of♥♥♥♥♥♥UI functions unless you perfectly hit spacebar right after.Pop-up windows must be clicked, Enter/Space doesnt acknowledge the window popups (suggest make that so)Relations decay obnoxiously fast between other countries.Russia has Belarus as it's pal, China with the NorKs, but US doesn't even have Canada/UK in it's bloc making it impossible to align US/UK without extreme luck.Odds% of a nation joining your bloc seems to be BS low for Human, you can only add one at a time for months, while AI seems to gain allies to their bloc without ANY fail whatsoever.Avoid. Go Buy XCom2, or a Pdox title. I'm mulling over getting a refund. I've NEVER done that, and have over 280 titles, that's how awful this game is. I feel genuinely ripped off at the current Steam Summer Sale rate of $17.49. Avoid like a poster in a North Korean hotel."
,Not Recommended,553260,29991167,Posted: 17 February,all,Mr.Sir,"This game seems like there is a lot going for it in the beginning. But once you play for 6 hours, you've practically seen everything that the game can possibly throw at you. You basically accumulate money, pass a few laws (which acts like a tech. tree) increase relations with some nations, respond to random events which you will see repeat themselves in a matter of minutes, and form ""blocks"" which is like a very loose interpretation of NATO, but worse.""Blocks"" in this game are just broken. For example, major powers don’t form blocks with each other, and you can only ever join blocks which you actually create yourself. Wanna join the block the USA has? too bad!Blocks typically are led by one major power and can consist of a bunch of smaller powers hanging on for dear life.  Therefore, it is literally impossible for major powers to form alliances with each other, so when China declared war on Japan, all of the major powers in the world were unable to ever assist Japan, because Japan had a block with Taiwan. Legit the balance of power in Asia is being rewritten, and nobody can intervene and assist. When Russia was attacking Poland and I was Germany, I was not able to help my neighbor Poland IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM. My actual neighbor is being destroyed, and I can't do anything to help them. And even the UK and France weren't able to do anything to assist.Granted games don't have to be super realistic or hardcore etc, but come on. You call yourself a strategy game, but you don't even have the most simplest elements of a strategy game, MILITARY ALLIANCES! Civilization III has more robust diplomatic features, and that game came out in 2001! This is 2017! I don’t even…….I can think of many better strategy games out there, for a whole lot less than $25."
76561198312095932,Not Recommended,553260,34254595,Posted: 15 August,all,epiclolyay,"Ok, I think that this game has a lot of potential to be a great game and is really in-depth and could be a brilliant grand strategy game. However, there are some things that I would like the devs to change or get rid of such as:-The random event of global warming, even though I have completed the green energy policy tree and got the unique ""green economy"" I still get these random global warming events which literally slash your economy in half. When I reload the save there will be some other random event so it happens for no reason.-The fact that even though I'm not getting any new projects, losing provences or losing population. I still some how lose a lot of action points at an alarming rate and so I have to cancel a ton of projects all the time. I'm not changing anything just letting time pass by and some how the cost of projects keeps going up and up for no reason. I'm not getting any more policies so why am I losing more action points?-And how, just how can it be called ""real""politiks if the spies can just go around destroying literally half of your nuclear arsenal, destroy entire stock exchanges in less than 100 days and lower military moral? Like seriously what country is going to make their nuclear stockpile so accessible that a few spies can destroy half of it in 100 days? Like seriously?Overall I like the game a lot but, I have to say no as my recommendation because there are just to many OP and completely unrealistic parts of the game like the ones I just listed. These just ruin the game as they completely stuff you over out of nowhere."
76561197996123460,Not Recommended,553260,29971416,Posted: 16 February,all,Malorn,"Very shallow, it does not deserve the simulation tag.  You can do things with a click of a button in ways that aren't simply not possible.  The diplomacy is a joke, nations do not react realisically to your actions, or even react to them at all.  There is no sense of a living world, economy, or nation."
,Not Recommended,553260,30008498,Posted: 18 February,all,jdheffa,"Graphics:Graphics are decent and get the job done.Music/Sound:There is something wrong here. The music is jarring and does not fit with the game and my impulse after15 minutes was to turn it off and play other music in the background. There are 3 types of government in thisgame (Democracy,Authoritarian,Totalatarian) and you should have had 3 audio segments that fit the government typeand pleased the ears. Sound Effects are of generally poor quality.UI:The UI is ok, information is presented fairly well but many parts of the UI are underutilized but still necessary. So there is     clutter that should be hidden. Some ""standard"" hotkeys that should work don't. Pressing escape for the save/quit/options menu would have been nice.Gameplay:I thought this game would be a nice change of pace for me from my normal grand strategy games. Only to find there is   basically no strategy at all. You coast through this game with no hard choices, when you can even get to make them because your ability to spend resources is basically crippled. Also, this came commits a strategy game cardinal sin. They have ""Terrorists"" (Rebels in other games) in the game whose Armed forces are larger than the country they are supposed to be a subgroup of.Overall this game has potential but I would encourage people to save their money and wait for a balance/rework patch.The game is polished for release on the tech side, but the content and gameplay need major work."
,Recommended,553260,29983009,Posted: 17 February,all,Bootstraps,"I enjoyed this a lot. I recommend it to anybody like myself, who enjoys 4X, grand strategy, and builder/tycoon types of game.Pros:- Capable AI that knows how to use the options available to it, and has on a couple of occasions, suprisised me. For me this is the most important thing in this genre (looking at you Paradox!)- Good gameplay mechanics that work well. Tech, military and economy all influence each other in a sensbile manner.- Good amount of content in terms of tech tree and events.- Good replayability. Many varied scenarios for different countries, and three ""Grand Campaigns"" which are all different.- Fun to play backwater 3rd world states and build them up.- World & political development is plausable, yet not on rails. Again the AI shows its strength here.- Fun card based combat. Rather than directing individual units, you pick strategies in stages from a set of cards.- The world map looks nice.- Good pricing/value for money. You get a lot of content for the price tag.Cons:- The UI has a few irritations and layout problems. Occasionally text descriptions are a bit confusing. e.g. ""Unhappiness target +3.00%"". It took me a while to figure out what that means.- The map, while pretty, needs some work, in particular South East Asia. Why is Thailand only one province, whereas the UK has several? In the real world Thailand is bigger and more diverse in terms of rural vs. city areas than the UK. Why is Laos split into Vientienne (ok, accurate), and Lower Laos (which should be Savannhaket or similar)? Why do we have Cambodia and East Cambodia? Why not Siam Reap etc.Neutral/Personal Opion:- The likes of EUIV, Victoria 2 etc have more game mechanics, true. But those games are double the price, and have loads of DLC which you need to buy for them to be ""complete"" too. Besides, in those games the AI doesn't know how to use most of the features properly anyway. The smaller scope of this game helps the AI here.- Setting. I like the near future setting. There aren't many games that cover it well.Worth buying if you like grand strategy titles."
76561198056681727,Not Recommended,553260,30061111,Posted: 20 February,all,Kjewl | Duquan | Ferguson,"Ok, first of all I played the demo and I thought it was a bad game but then I thought maybe when you proceed further in the game it will get better.The game comes out, I play it, I recognize that none of the events are actually 'random' and everything is meant to be. I play it more and I notice that the simplicity that I noticed in the demo is still there after playing further than the demo.The first thing I thought when I knew this game was coming out was SUPERPOWER 2 SEQUEL... And I really thought it would be like it but even Superpower 2 is more strategy and more simulatorish than this game and it was made 16 years ago when game development wasn't that of a big deal. I have played Superpower 2 now for a few years and am still not tired of it, I played this game for a few hours and there is not one thing in my body that tells me to keep playing.Now I'll make a 'pro' and CON list like everybody else does.'pros':- The different kinds of game situations you can choose when starting a game is great. It's creative and shows some funnuy aspects.- The events that happen are fun too, the decisions you have to make with those events are nicely done as well although not always...- And ofcourse the fact that you can play as any country even the small ones.CONS:- The fact that none of the events happening in the game are random.- From the start of the game the big powers make blocs and you do not get invited in any of them and when you are a small country it's impossible to make blocs before other countries do.- No European union? What happened to the alliances, trade agreements, etc.? In my eyes it's they started the game in 2020 because they were too lazy to make all these alliances and let the AI react towards them.- Towards the game goes further into time countries are forming their countries to become one country making it really unrealistic... It's like oh well look we are neighbouring countries and we have some history together here is my country just take it we can form one together? Real world does not work like that and this is again not random you cannot stop it unless you capture them before they can actually do it.- Strategy? no way in hell this is a 'grand' strategy game. There is literaly zero strategy in it. You just press the button improve relations, you pay a bit for it and bam you have good relations. Then the kind of research tree? develoment tree? it's pure sh*t, I like the idea of how it's working but a lot of these things do nothing except give you score so you can become the top country? You do not feel like you have something extra when you improve education, etc.- GOLD, why would you do that. You are making a GEOPOLITICAL SIMULATOR and you use gold as the currency oh please. When I am playing a game like this I want it to feel as realistic as possible and then you get gold.- The income, Income comes from tax, very simplistic trade and stock exhange wich is also very simplistic.- Expenses? You cannot choose how much you want to invest into education, health, government, etc.I can go on more but I'm gonna stop and play Superpower 2And people saying that you have to wait until the game gets more strategy it's not gonna happen, this is just how the game is. If they would like to make it more strategic they would have to remake the whole game. You cannot make this game a grand strategy game by creating a dlc for it. I hope Superpower 3 will come soon cause it will be great."
76561197984918214,Not Recommended,553260,33315402,Posted: 6 July,all,doc.holliday,"Fairly said this game has so much potetional and it could be a good stategy game but it is not.I got bored after 1-2h playing but i realy tried hard, not to refund this game.For the CONS:-There is much stuff going on and still this game is too linear. You cant do any real game changing stuff.-The events and other stuff whats popping is always the same and at fixed time(date). At least that was how i felt in the 30h play.-The game is bad balanced, evrything takes too long. If you start as a small country as i did, it will take ages till you can do something. And than when you get decent economy, technology and stuff you get ♥♥♥♥ed by Actionpoints(actionpoints are needed to keep your stuff up, fot the war, spy etc. almost evrything). So you are forced to play on time till you farm enought AP. There are some Quests which should help you with AP but at some point u need just too much AP contribution and at the end your unable to do stuff if you cant contribute enought AP.-To solve the AP problem you can deactivate Perks , but when you are going to activate them again you have to wait whole 300-1400 days again. (once you learn the perk the time should be lower on the next time or something)-U can build up a military industrial complex, build the best tanks, air fighters and ships but you cant sell it to anyone.There is just no option to sell your old/new tanks, you have to wait till computer ask you for it. like wtf????(and where are submarines???)-On the other hand if you dont build military complex and you wanna import military equipment you have to wait for it till computer ask you if you want or forcec you to buy it.-After 2100 the world is in total chaos and somehow u cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥even if you have like 1000000000+ money and monthly income over 10k there are just no AP+There are PROS too:-Start as Japan-Get attacked by Chine like 10 times than they got bored-Economicly strongest land, got all provinces in the space-USA claims ONE or WAR-Starts a war aganist me-We fight over 10years they want peace i refuse-Got bored and nuked them with Bombs-Arose of Nuclear Winter-Lost all AP points and quit this game!!!!!"
76561198074720971,Recommended,553260,31181093,Posted: 16 April,all,cranium1,"This game has great potential. Grand strategy is hard to get right and even the most brilliant designers can't nail the economic or political aspects convincingly enough in a simulation . Realpolitiks does it surpsisingly well.There are, of course, some bugs at this stage, but the devs seem to release a patch almost every fortnight. I am happy to get behind a team which is truly dedicated to their product like this.In terms of gameplay, if you liked SuperPower 2, Democracy 3, the Supreme Ruler and Making Histroy series etc then you will definitely enjoy this. Not as polished perhaps as Paradox grand strategy games, but definitely one of the better ones out there. I would most certainly keep an eye out for what the devs do next!Oh, and you get to nuke people you hate, that's always a plus in my book!!"
,Recommended,553260,32570499,Posted: 19 June,all,Iggy,"Ok so I played that game for fair ammount of time. Few things I noticed (and hope will be fixed soon):1. There is no way any country controlled by AI will invite your country to join their block/alliance - Massive downside especially if you are one of the smaller countries or a country in eastern Europe that you know from day 1 Russia will take on war (Poland/Ukraine/Latvia etc.).2. UN- have no real control on what is going on war wise... Countries can attack and take on other countries teritory without any clear reason and UN can not do anything about it really, they should be more aggresive when one of the countries attack another one without a reason.3. No UE in the game.4. It's too easy for your block/alliance to get destroyed. I understand if someone use Spy techniques few times it's ok but generally countries leave blocks/alliances too often.5. Game is too focused on war, should be less war more politics -and then if you do the politics poorly prepare for war, but here i'm minding my own business and suddenly being attacked for no clear reason.The above it's a few negative points i notice among much more possitive points.Generally it's a nice game, managed to get it last month and always happy to come back to it for a few hours. Great potential for sure and i hope developers can release the patches to make it even better !!Saying that £18.99 is too expensive, not for where the game is now (if developers release some major updates why not)... For now something around £7-11 is more acceptable."
,Not Recommended,553260,30002957,Posted: 18 February,all,Grand General Patton,"I've played 4 hours as the ROC against the PRC and I am now ready to give my review. This game is broken in its current form and is vastly unplayable. I will now list the reason why.The game has adopted the Paradox Interactive Formula for calculating the winner and loser of a war. And they have done this with the Warscore system. If you accomplish a lot a missions against your enemy in a war, you get more warscore. If you lose a lot of missions, you lose warscore. Eventually, both sides of a war start to tire of war and you sign a peace deal. Depending on your warscore, you either win or lose provinces or declare a white peace and life goes on.Warscore DOES NOT MATTER IN THIS GAME. The AI Auto-Declines anything that is not a 100% victory for your side, so this warscore system doesn't matter. Each war becomes a battle of resources. Whoever runs out of troops first will lose. So as a minor nation, you're stuck winning wars at 60-80% warscore and there's nothing else you can do about it because your opponent has endless troops and you will start running out of resources to continue the war. And when you do, you will lose. It's only a matter of time.The War Losses system is the measurement for the game where it measures the amount of losses you have taken in casualties and your nation's desire to continue the war because of it. The game programs it so that whomever starts the war takes one hundred percent war exhaustion while your enemy takes zero percent no matter how long the war goes. So you could start a war and, at 150 war losses, get hit by a war fatigue event every couple of months or so while your opponent has 0 war losses. For no other reason than you started the war not him.This makes no sense.Hold onto your wallet boys. This one ain't done yet."
76561198144982715,Not Recommended,553260,34668333,Posted: 1 September,all,Kelervo,"The war mechanic is done poorly. The part where you run operations and recieve war points and what not is fine, but I outnumbered a country by over 100 units and could not successfully complete some operations."
76561197981549438,Not Recommended,553260,30346871,Posted: 5 March,all,michielvd,"I really tried to like this game. But, alas, this game has potential but in its current state is a compete mess. I even wonder if the developers actually play their own game, given the amount of horrible balance issues and bugs in the game. This basically is a early access release where the devs are trying to sell it as complete. Do not let them fool you.Couple of examples:* In one of the maps it's impossible to attack your neighbour the conventional way, since the game states it is not a neighbouring country (I'm sorry, but The Netherlands and Belgium ARE neighbours);* The random number generators defining if you win or lose a certain action are bugged (the game states 50% chance, in truth it is wayyyy less);* Same thing with wars; the game for example states the chances of winning an action as equal, while they are not;* If your opponent is down to for example one tank, it is suddenly next to impossible to destroy it; the game interface indicates you have destroyed it, but it remains in the game.The devs try to balance the game in the original scenario by hardcoding a massive economic penalty in the US (and only the US). This makes is virtually impossible to play the US without using an exploit (i.e. bankrupt the country immediately to lose the massive debt). A penalty on large countries regarding action points makes the game literally unplayable after a couple of years, etcetera. The action point-penalty makes me truly wonder if they play their own game at all, otherwise they should have noticed this.In short: this game contains way to many game braking bugs, unbelievable dumb choices by the devs (I mean, breaking your own game, come on...) and balance issues to make it worth your money. There is also no manual, which, overall, makes this game frustratingly annoying instead of a fun challenge.On the positive side: the devs seem to actively develop this game. So maybe, in a couple of months, they actually start playing their own game and fix some of the issues."
,Not Recommended,553260,30507658,Posted: 14 March,all,sudo rm -rf /,"For the price the game is selling for, it's not offering enough.Also focuses way too much on war and ""empire score"" for advancement and victory. Resource management is almost non-existent.There is no clear correlation between projects and eventual effects. You need military units to create blocs, almost like vassals...except in 2050.Boring as hell most of the time as you are limited to 2 action slots. This can become even more troublesome as you have to use those same slots for activating/deactivating certain projects, which frankly, should be entirely separate from the ""pseudo research tree""All 'n all, I would not recommend this game at all. Especially considering it's asking price and the myriad of things still abysmally wrong with it. That being said, with work from the devs, community input with perhaps workshop support, it might still redeem itself - Though that will be a while still I think."
,Not Recommended,553260,32323332,Posted: 10 June,all,Jonathan Drouin,"I don't often write reviews, but figured I would for this. I played the demo and really enjoyed it. I dished out the $28 to buy the full version only to see that the full version is basically 2 extra scenarios and sandbox mode.Maybe more will be added overtime, but right now I would save my money and check out another game."
76561198027746364,Recommended,553260,30012537,Posted: 18 February,all,Mercneo,"For the reasonable price it's a great game.If you prefer to juggle divisions, corps and armies across dozens of regions then this probably isn't the game for you. It's simply not as deep as other strategy games of the same genre, however if you're looking for a more streamlined grand strategy that doesn't ask you to micro-manage every little thing in your empire then you will really enjoy this world gone mad simulator."
,Recommended,553260,31621739,Posted: 8 May,all,THE SHARK,"This game takes me back to Paradox pre CK2. When it was just a couple of dudes with  a crazy ambitious idea, and no where near the resources or understanding of design to execute on it properly. What you end up is a weird, buggy, very unique game you need a lot of patience for. I remember playing CK1, and EU2, and I get that feeling from this game. It doesn't work right, it doesn't really make sense, but like CK1, it's the only game of it's type that I've enjoyed."
,Recommended,553260,29979865,Posted: 17 February,all,brizkt,"The game play is pretty good.  The idea with the tech-tree is good.  However, the developers really need to do thier homework in areas of political science, economics, and science.  There are many ideas in this game that imply ideologies of common misconceptions, e.g. nuclear power is bad, countries will just lob nukes for the hell of it, democracy is universally good, and a service based economy is better than an industrial one which is better than an agrarian one."
76561198042162378,Not Recommended,553260,33723880,Posted: 22 July,all,david_kie99,"Weird war system, i can lose the battle though my army is 10x bigger.. it is taking too much of time to maintain the relationship in block ( need to click one by one the countries ) , alot of room for improvement."
76561197975910726,Not Recommended,553260,30062085,Posted: 20 February,all,M@gik,Unfortunatelly but game is bugged and after 30-40 years it is impossible to load game save. So you can buy this game only for 30-40 year of game play. It is really easy issue to spot  by devs so it cannot be counted as unspotable bug.
76561198036412648,Recommended,553260,30049002,Posted: 19 February,all,Sir Davidjames,"Though this game is not in depth like civilizations or EU4, it is really fun to play!!.For the low price you can't really complain, you get what you pay for.Think of it like superpower 2 but with more options and better graphics.If you are looking for a in depth strategy game or control over military units and if minor geographical mistakes annoy you, i would wait until the DLCs/updates come out.I would also recommend trying the demo first so you can get a feel for the game in its current state."
76561198165566368,Not Recommended,553260,29972086,Posted: 16 February,all,NacTrem,"Weak war mechanics, shallow economical system, useless interface. Wait for the good dlc or for the paradox..."
,Recommended,553260,35018332,Posted: 17 September,all,Miles B Huff,"I don't get why everyone seems to hate this game.  I'm quite enjoying it so far.  It's kind of like a successor to Superpower2, but with the art style of Civ5.  And being able to colonize space and Antarctica in vanilla are relatively unique in this genre (""this genre"" being the genre of map-staring grand-strategy).My criticisms of the game have to do primarily with historical accuracy (ie, the USA shouldn't start with only 100-some nukes), realism (ie, Angola isn't suddenly going to rise up and conquer 1/3 of Africa), and the AI (This last one is a pretty common complaint for this genre of game.).  However, these have a pretty minimal impact on the game's enjoyability, because they're all good-enough.I'd say that if you like map-staring games, you'll probably enjoy this one, too.  Also, if you're looking for deep strategy, know that this game is pretty casual, but it's not insanely simple, either.EDIT:  There *are* some serious, game-breaking issues in late- and post-game, but early- and mid- game are still playable and fun."
76561197960676848,Not Recommended,553260,30082607,Posted: 21 February,all,ANGRY WALNUT,"well i just start the game as the roman empire the first thing that happens south italy declares war on me without a reason... then randomly i get a popup saying that the un whants to infestigate if i have done war crimes im like ok i got atacked by them and i only defended myself so yes good, and then 2 minutes later booom they have found my guilty of war crimes and my relation with the whole ♥♥♥♥ing world goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥... dont get me wrong i really like the game and i think it has pottential but there is so mutch ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in it on the moment the un is just unrealstic, and then you have blocs... making a bloc is just a ♥♥♥♥ing joke they can fall apart so easly because of spies from enemy countries or because they just randomly begin to hate you for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason... and a other promblem is diplomacy you increase relations with a courntry and one year later BOOM! that country hates you again without a ♥♥♥♥ing reason.. and then you have the war system.. its just a complete ♥♥♥♥ing joke its just clicking on something like ""Capture Key Cities"" and thats it ... so yeah i gife it a 4/10 but if they improve all these things then it could easly be a 8/10 or 9/10. so in the end dont buy this game save your money and buy if over a year because i think there will be a lot of updates released that will fix these problemsreview posted21-2-2017i wil uppdate this post frequanlty for every update.UPDATE 23-2-2017Patch v1.3.3 has been released - save game bug and army disappearance bug have been fixed along with many others. New features has been added.UPDATE 3-3-2017Update 1.3.4 Out Now - Improved game balance"
76561198062265037,Not Recommended,553260,31711852,Posted: 12 May,all,AlterEgo45,"It's shallow - and I read the reviews, so I was expecting that. I thought... fine... it's a game where you attack stuff and take things over. I'll play as England and bring back the British Empire or something.But to streamline the game they cut out both fun things and tedious things alike, so Realpolitiks is both shallow and boring. Military action is seemingly random. You send a bunch of troops to a neighboring country, it gives you a list of tactics to choose from with 'high' 'low', and 'even' chances of success and it rolls a dice. Then you repeat that 20 times.I started as a country in Africa - forget which, but it was on the West Coast and totalitarian. I invaded the nation below me and crushed it, wiping out their military and maxing out my war score. After all that, all the game allowed me to do was change their system of government to the same as mine. F that.This game isn't completely worthless, but it's not worth anything close to what they're asking for it. It's not worth more than $5 at the very most, and I wouldn't pay even that for it personally.The 'Making History' games are also streamlined global strategy, and are a much better experience than this IMO. Check them out, too, before dropping $25 on Realpolitiks."
,Not Recommended,553260,31943469,Posted: 24 May,all,ExtraFun,"Totally not worth it. The price should be $9.99 because the game play isn't as good as a HOI4 game or a EU4 game. I'd rather spend $15 to $20 more on those two than this. Truly disappointed. Was hoping this would be as fun since it's modern day, but no the fighting mechanics do suck and the diplomacy is awful."
,Not Recommended,553260,30071177,Posted: 20 February,all,zacky123454,"it's not a political-simulation game, but it's political-action rush game based on upgrade action. The main goal is to conquer the world? What the ♥♥♥♥? a decent and proper political-government game isn't focus on conquering and dominating but fights against poverty, maintaining economy stability or growth, eliminating the gap between rich and poor, listening to the people and what they needed or want, homeland security and counter-terrorism act (not just war and war),,It's an arcade-rush game, not simulation"
,Not Recommended,553260,29996509,Posted: 17 February,all,Gh0sTeX,"Really Disappointed, this game has such much potentinal, the developers, however did not harness it, this game is fun, dont get me wrong, however it could have been so much more, i mean only 4 scenerios (3 if you exclude the tutorial) without a scenerio creator for your own made up countries, whats that about?There isnt a large difference between the demo and the full game...hopefully the devleopers will add more stuff, even though it should be there now.Pros+Nice Map Layout+Great Economy System+Funny Loading Screens+Can play as many countries+Stratagy plays a large part+Decisions impact game in different waysMinor Cons-Too basic War-Too basic diplomacy-Too basic trading-No MultiplayerCons--No Scenario Creator and no custom countries?!--Too Basic overall.This review was posted 18/02/17, id love too see this game evolve, and maybe this game will become a great, because it has the potential, it really does.5.5/10 - Disappointing"
76561197993226678,Not Recommended,553260,30012324,Posted: 18 February,all,NextGame,Missing some key real life institutions like the EU and NATO which make the balance of this game entirely laughable.Also has some very strange balance decisions such as the US and UK not particularly liking each other very much.Can be fun though and would recommend if they fixed the balance.
,Recommended,553260,35386497,Posted: 1 October,all,Blocko,"I have owned Realpolitks for a week now, so far I love it. It is a very good Grand Strategy Game, many people don't like it and I see why, however here are the pros and cons in my opinion.PROS- You can play as every country in the world, minus a few very small countries (e.g Figi).- You can start in the years 2020, 2050 and 2222, which all have different countries and starting points.- Very good starter game for anyone wishing to get into the Grand Strategy Genre, not to many aspects to learn, quite minimal.- Easy to look at, even includes a plain map mode for an easier looking map.- Money is shown in thousands (usually, depends on how much you have, can reach 0 or even millions) which makes it easier to read, e.g America starts at ~35,000 instead of ~318,166,660,000.- The rest of the world's economic situations actually affect your GDP, which can lead to interesting moments of either panic or making alot of money.- Every nation in the world is engaged in gameplay at all times.- On each timeline (2020, 2050 and 2222) there are suggested countries, these all include grand campaign, just like every other nation in the world but they also include their own seperate challenges and campaigns. These give you a certain task to complate by a certain year.- On the 2020 timeline on the suggested countries boxm, in the top left there is a button, if you click this it shows some europian countries. These are all included on one scenario in which you have to rebuild the Austria-Hungarian Empire from WWI. These are fun to play through as well as other suggested countries and nations.CONS- The war system isn't great, it is pretty much left to chance, a country with 100+ units fighting a country with 10 units might take longer than expected. Sometimes it is quick, or someone with considerable less units may start winning. I would call it simplistic, and random.- The scoreing system can be very important, being in the top 5 brings help, but it is very difficult to become first as it is almost permanently the U.S. If you are playing the Grand Campaign to win you need to reach score #1 by 2100 (if start in 2020) which is very difficult unless you are playing as the U.S.- You cannot be invited to other countries Blocs, you can only invite them into yours. This can be annoying as you may want to experience wanting to be a part of a Bloc and not run one.NOTICE- Once you finish a set task of a suggested country or one of the Europian countries from the Empire tasks, the game just ends, you cannot continue to play on that save unless you go back onto a previous one i believe, this may have changed sinse i last checked but im putting it out there, i know for a fact however you can continue past the winning date of the grand campaign.SUGGESTIONS FROM MYSELF- I reccommend you play as one of the following countries if you are just starting out:= The United Kingdom (2020)= Germany (2020)= Canada (2020)= Brazil (2020)= France (2020)= Sweden (2020)= Japan (2020)= Europia (2050)= Intermarium (2050)= Scandinavia (2050= Maghreb Union (2050)= Roman Empire (2222)= Hundo Khast (2222)= Africhola (2222)- I do not recommend playing as the following countries if you are starting out:= The United States (2020) - Extremely high debt.= China (2020) - Low relations with world.= Any African Nation (Minus South Africa) (2020,2050,2222) - Difficult to build economy.- Only buy this game if you really want to, or if you are relatively new to the Grand Strategy Genre.- Do not buy if you like good war standards in games."
76561198022296391,Not Recommended,553260,30070245,Posted: 20 February,all,MacAttack,"Uninstalled.  Boring.  Unrealistic.  I'm surprised that a company like 1C backed it up, it was the only reason I bought it despite the negative reviews.  Same old ""Tech-Research Tree"", ambiguous stock market...I mean, why is it there?  The military is a joke.  I'll come back in a couple months to see if there is some huge update, or some magical mod, and consider to install it again."
76561198067160436,Recommended,553260,31611630,Posted: 7 May,all,auroranyy,"8/10: Great game overall. Some balancing issues late game prevent this from being spectacular. However, it's rare these days to have a game that ventures out and add twists to the mechanics, rather than just followiung the cookie cutter mechanics of the block busters.The Good:Interesting twist on the genre - primarily due to the technology tree. Instead of reseaching for technology, you spend resources and time to enact policies, which provide permanent benefits. However, various policies have various maintenance costs, which creates difficult, but very real-life, trade-offs throughout the game.Flexibility in play style - You can pick any country you want, and take any path you want. Economic, social, political, and domination are all viable paths. Every decision you made have short term and long term costs and benefits. You truly need to have a well thoutght out development plan to succeed. Your economic choices need to tie with your political ones, which then impact your military.Random events - great list of random events that occur over time that forces you make additional difficult decisions.Opportunities to be Better:Action points - In the late game, action points (a key resource to do pretty much anything and everything) become a bit out of balance. While APs should certainly scale with the size of the country and population (to make sure that large world powers don't have a disproportionate advantage), it shouldn't be over-bearing. There are certain policies late game that cost 100,000 APs, while you're only earning 200 a month. In fact, at somepoint, it becomes nearly impossible to maintain a positive AP growth.Tutorial - While there is a tutorial, it only covers the basics. The learning curve can be quite steep. It would be great if there are additional tutorials that cover more advanced topics, like impact of population."
76561198093506661,Not Recommended,553260,31040660,Posted: 9 April,all,Karl Harlequin,"This game could be so much more but just isn't there yet.My main gripe is that it doesn't let you create custom games or scenarios with options for different win conditions - only 3 to choose from which all feel very similar, with limited 'winnable' countries to choose from.The game would benefit from being more open-ended with focus on achievements which are based on player-defined goals.Also, you can't interact much with any other countries and there are no meaningful diplomatic and trade features which makes the game a bit boring, and not very engaging."
76561197971515855,Not Recommended,553260,30121272,Posted: 23 February,all,IntelJoe,"I wasn't sure what to expect from this game, but overall it just seems like it was something that would have been well-received in maybe 2004-2006 (not 2017). It has depth and other things going for it but the overal simplicity is just not very inspiring at all. I took a chance purchasing it and after 15 minutes of gameplay I felt dissapointed. It just couldn't capture my attention for any longer and I alt-F4'ed it."
,Not Recommended,553260,29997886,Posted: 17 February,all,Gnejs,"Edit: More than 2 months later and they still have not fixed the scenario where every country should have the same starting score/pop/GDP.. impressive -.-So they have this Scenario which sounds pretty neat where ""Every provice has the same starting score, population, GDP and resource level"". Good thing if you want to play a game where everyone start on a very similar level.Well...except they didn't even manage to make it correctly you just have to start the game to instantly notice that quite a few of the countries have double or even quadruple the start population and GDP than the other countries essentially making the whole scenario useless for it's purpose. How do you even manage to frakk that up?When you win the whole scenario after 100 years there is still a button to ""Buy the Full version"" even though you are playing the full version >.>I also got accused and found guilty of committing ""War crimes"" in ""en enemy city"" when I was defending vs a terrorist cell within my own country. That's a nice way of getting -rep with every country in the world, good job on that one -.-The War Combat is also extremely tedious, you have to choose an attack plan so many times and after each, close a confirm dialog, and repeat. Even when you attack with a massive army vs literally NOTHING (0 defending units) you still have to go through all of the attack plans to get 100% War  Score.. There's an auto-mode but it has 0 AI, it will waste time going into the passive/defensive plans vs 0 enemy units etc. Completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Might be missing something but I think the ""population"" counter is really strange, it sits at a static number forever, even after you get a bunch of pop growth policies.. nothing happens doesn't even add +1 after years.. or maybe that scenario is just completely broken and shouldn't even exist... what do I know.. I didn't develop that♥♥♥♥♥♥. On another scenario it was fine after a while but it seems like the growth data is truncated so even if you get higher growth % if the base population isn't high enough it will NEVER increase."
,Not Recommended,553260,30015812,Posted: 18 February,all,Multihack,"As Geo-political simulations go, this is pretty weak. It presents various ways of doing things and of course it's just the same resource mechanic with a different skin. What a shame.It took me three hours to find that out otherwise I'd get a refund."
,Recommended,553260,30483920,Posted: 12 March,all,JacksonTaus,"It's a Grand Strategy Game set in contemporary/near-future times. It's kinda shallow and the UI's a bit more obtuse than many of the current-gen Paradox games, but it's certainly playable and enjoyable. I really like the idea of a contemporary grand strategy game so I bought it. I doubt it'll be a 500-hour game like EU4 or CK2, but if it's 50 hours of entertainment for $25, that's worth it to me.The developers seem to still be adding features and fine-tuning the balance. So this might be a better buy down the road"
,Recommended,553260,30112260,Posted: 22 February,all,ArchRay,Its a wonderful day for a  Trade war!This game itched that 4x global map eco centric style game that ive been asking for years to see. Glad i happened by this game while shes still new and i can't wait to see more mecanics put in later.Religion would be nice to see.Ecology events like earthquakes or hurricans and such should be considered.pollution global/local and events that can trigger/expand it would be nice.Muiltiplayer real time would be great.
,Recommended,553260,30915501,Posted: 2 April,all,김태형,"3.8/5I really love this game. It's realistic, amazing, and consumes my time in a good way. The events influence your country just like it would in real life and it brings out the minor details for a more fun and realistic experience.The only things that it lacks are animations and human-AI interaction. The game is just one big map with few to none animations like clouds, roaming planes and cargo ships. It would be better if they added more animations to the game. The war simulation here is pretty boring as well. You just click on an action for the war and wait it out or you can just let the computer fight the war for you. The game gets pretty boring if you play it for a long time because nothing new happens.PROS:1. Very realistic2. Brings out the small details for a more enhanced gameplay3. The actions you make make a very big change in the gameplay and story.4. You can choose a from almost all countries in the present world which makes it really fun5. Many technologies can be researched which brings more flavor to the game (just like in Civ games)6. Brings out your imagination as a world leader.7. Real world events are observed in the game (Olympics, etc.)CONS:1. Very few and boring animations2. War simulation lacks excitement and strategy3. Unrealistic approach to population count (even if you're as small as S. Korea or Taiwan you can be as many as 200m pop. I wish they made a negative effect for overpopulation in small countries)4. Dimplomatic actions are too simple.5. Lacks interactions between countries (you don't get to negotiate trade deals or such)6. The military element of the game is very plain and simple. (Consists of infantry, armor, aircraft, naval, and transport. That's all you get)7. If you don't like waiting for technology researches, this game isn't for you.8. Gets pretty boring after a week or so of playing."
76561198130242897,Recommended,553260,33606384,Posted: 17 July,all,Burning,"A very interesting game that does tries to do a lot at once but instead of having a few amazing aspects it just has a lot of okay aspects.  The war system needs to be fixed, and the way the UN is set up is a bit wonky for a couple of examples of improvements that need to be made.  However I do see a lot of potential with this game, and even with these problem zones it is still a fun game to play."
76561198031609682,Recommended,553260,30099860,Posted: 22 February,all,Patchbay,"Overall I think this game is interesting. The economic system although not perfect resembles that of the real world, resources must gathered and it takes money in addition to political power to get things implemented. The military part of the game is very unbalanced, since nations declare war on me with a small army and they are victorious. Engaging in war should be expensive, for both player and AI alike. Also bankrupt nations should be less effective in battle, since they do not have the cash-flow to support a professional army. Devs please deal with these issues."
76561198100332507,Recommended,553260,29968106,Posted: 16 February,all,tomasz_piwonski,I remember the time when I played Civilisation for the first time. For long time I had no chance to feel the same excitement playing strategy game. Now I was able to play in modern times with real countries and new options (like stock market) and I REALLY LIKE IT.
76561198041522789,Not Recommended,553260,30050657,Posted: 19 February,all,DiggerDJustin,"RealPolitiks is a breath of fresh air in stratagy games. This game has such a huge learning curve and I find winning in the game to be very rewarding, however at this point i do not recommend buying this game as it has a major bug in which your saved games become unplayable after a certain amount of time played. This has happened to me and several others on the fourms. But once or if the devs fix this bug and make a few other changes then this game will easily be in my top 10 of 2017 no doubt."
76561198007426689,Recommended,553260,30173172,Posted: 25 February,all,FrankBashtard,"You definitely have to consider your first campaign as a test run to become familiar with all the different events.However, once you know what you're doing, it's a great grand strategy game.I also like that it really puts you in a strategic 1000-miles high position where the most of your actions are indirect, like it is for ruler in modern times."
76561197998675811,Recommended,553260,29977229,Posted: 16 February,all,Otsego Ghost,"The game is quite shallow in some areas, but in others pretty nuanced.If you've got a head for it, it's fun. I can see how it'd get boring, particularly when you're focussing on GDP growth, but I found it entertaining enough to consume my afternoon."
76561198007090293,Recommended,553260,30086385,Posted: 21 February,all,Jurjen,"My internet sucks so I played about 20 hours in offline mode so far.I'll start by mentioning that the game offers a free demo! Where do you see that anymore these days?And with a price of less than $20 it's hard to complain too much even if it isn't your cup of tea.Let me get an important thing out of the way first:The game starts in the year 2020 in what I can only describe as a leftish paranoid fantasy.A few events that I would have loved to be a part of have already passed before you even start the game. ISIS is no more and the civil war in Syria resulted in a partition of the country, Donetsk is Annexed by Russia, etc. But far more importantly: NATO and the EU as well as almost every other alliance and trade agreement in the world we know magically vanished!The UN functions completely different than it does today with only the largest 12 economies being allowed membership. As a minor country you aren't even considered a member but are still beholden to it's mandates (?). And you can't even try to lobby with these powers that be unless you are a full member which seems very odd.It weirded me out that pretty much immeditately after starting the game countries declared war on each other left and right and even nuke each other without a second thought which no one seemed to care about. I expected there to be a bit more of a tension build-up and event-chains that explain what is going on like in Hearts of Iron 4 by Paradox. But there isn't even so much as an intro cinematic to that effect.This was all a bit of a turnoff for me. I'd rather have started in the year 2017 or an earlier start date and actually SEE the collapse of the old world order happen before my eyes through ingame events rather than feeling like I'm simply thrown into a game of RISK. I can see Merkel, Obama, Putin and a joke picture of Trump in the loading screens, but where are these crucial characters in the game?The mechanics are all there, but this basic and all-important effort was simply not made which is a big shame. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that one day I get to mod this in myself, and I'm absolutely drooling at what the game could play like then.So if you consider buying this game to get a realistic experience of what it is like to lead a country in todays world I'm sad to say this game does not offer that by a long shot.Is it fun to play despite what I mentioned above? Yes. Yes it is!The focus of the game is on the big picture, which is exactly how I like it. I don't want to tell the game which brand of shoelaces to put in the boots of my soldiers. Instead every aspect of running your country is abstracted into simple but realistic metrics which all interact with eachother in sensible ways:""Gross Domestic Product""""Human Development Index""""Militarism""""Natural resources""Etc...There is a HUGE ""research"" tree which allows you to tweak your country into anything you want it to be from a democratic utopia with open borders to a religous autocracy, or any mix you want. But you can't just pick willy-nilly because you'd face unhappiness/revolts, economic collapse, etc. It's a fun juggling act while it lasts, but once you become totalitarian it's a bit too easy to snowball to victory.There are also some very cool futuristic features like a new space race which adds a map of the solar system and a scrammble for the resources of the deep ocean and the arctic.A lot of people critisize the war system in this game, but I personally love it because I'm the president, not an army general. I provide the troops, and I can tell them which broad strategies to follow. But I don't order around individual units on the battlefield. Looking at the combat screen feels like following the progress of a war in the news:""Russian troops have broken through the Polish lines and taken several key cities""But I suppose this is a matter of taste.I'll close with a final warning: BEWARE that this game has BUGS! I rage quit a session yesterday because the AI was awarded the undersea colony that I funded. Very frustrating stuff...It also severely lacks documentation. It seems that it is left up to the community to create a wiki for this game or post on the steam forums and hope for the best.I'd only recommend this game to grand strategy junkies that are very forgiving like I am when it comes to this type of niche game. I strongly hope that there will be mod support for this game because without it I don't see even people like myself playing it for very long."
,Recommended,553260,30821464,Posted: 29 March,all,General Coalition,"I like this game!Pros:1. The features of the politics are really great.2, The world changes alot! and you have to keep up with everything, like economy, culture and infastructure.3. You can choose what country you like!Cons:1. There are some story based features that are unrealistic.2. The economy system needs updating, to be fully functional.3. Needs more conflicts, i think that the game could use this, just for some more fun.Overall it is a fun game i will recommend it!"
76561198078438802,Recommended,553260,31287914,Posted: 21 April,all,BubbaBlade,"This is a very addictive game; civilization like where you can start one play through and wake up 2 mothes later nuking englend with rome. If you love the stragigic games like civilization then this game is perfect for you. i just have two main  compaints; one the ""ESC"" botten does not open the menu and their should be a scenario for ""Total Rome"" playing as Rome you would try and claim all the provicens that it had at the hight of its power."
76561198366075342,Recommended,553260,30061412,Posted: 20 February,all,yohan.arejouane,The best politic game you'll everfind. thank you for this amazing game.
,Recommended,553260,30115259,Posted: 23 February,all,Le Doctor Bones,Although the game right now has a lot of bugs and balance issues it has a great potential. I cannot really say anything about bugs in the game since many of them will probably get fixed. (i hope) 7 / 10
76561197997795420,Recommended,553260,30011648,Posted: 18 February,all,Northrop84,"Very entertaining simulation. Not as complex as EU or HOI but you can consider it as the advantage if you prefer more relaxing, less time consuming but still very interesing gameplay."
76561198332829278,Recommended,553260,30192176,Posted: 26 February,all,pavuIon,"I've expected something similar to EU 4 but it's quite different. War's are maybe simplified but country develepmont and financial/economic managament is deep enough and for me and it's proper direction refers to modern type of war (in 1600s you smash enemies with your army like in EU but in 2020s you probably fight on stock markets). And this economic side of game is the strongest point, which makes this game unique -> stock markets, GDP, economic cycle, unemployment, debt managament, United Nations (based on GDP) are just sevelar tools which you need to be aware during your development. This side of game seems so interesting for my that I have focus only on this part with no even one war during my last 5 hours game :) after this 5 hours I've finished play only because it was 2:00amBut of course there are a lot of things that should be done.FOR DEVELOPERS:- please implement big International, decentralised unions like European Union wich seems to be symbol for nowadays politics. It should be your priority :)- more, more and more provinces- bigger and more affordable provinces development- GDP per capita measurement- more diplomatics possibility- more userfrendly war mechanism (not important for me but for onther players for sure)Game has huge opportunity so please develope but dont copy paradox. The game has it's own unique prospect!"
,Recommended,553260,30251754,Posted: 28 February,all,Oswald mosley,"Realpolitiks is a rather watered down and mediocre strategy game. but it does have some things going for it, such as:-wars that are easy for new strategy game players to understand-a unique event system that allows for country formation unlike paradox games which have you go through decisions or natl. focuses.-space and ocean colonies which can allow for some interesting gameplay.just to name a few.But every game is not perfect,some aspects though good need improvement such as:-a ""government change"" system that can be rather confusing at first,but with more palytime can be well understood.-the fact that some nation's names are rather silly and generic(such as Godzillian,Animeland,Dreamland) ,but only at the 2222 bookmark.-some states/provinces are too big and could use some partitioning for new states/provices (for example the u.s. east coast contains 4 states which in my opinion should be divided more accurately).-'future' immprobabilities at the 2222 bookmark.but after all that i've said, i would give this game a 6.5/10Also wait for it to go on sale. and please note that this review is subject to change as they are adding new features."
76561198038302560,Recommended,553260,30161074,Posted: 25 February,all,ShufflingMonkey,"This game isnt for an uneducated mind. If you know your politics and geography, then you should be able to wrap your head around it.. it is a full scale full on political game on a world wide basis.once you take control of your chosen country, you are in complete control of the political decisions and somewhat how the trade market, stock, income, import and export etc.not an easy game to play but once i give it like 100hrs, ill be good at it finally ;)"
76561198073124542,Recommended,553260,30012675,Posted: 18 February,all,Virtendo,"Just got this game, wanted to play for an hour and ended up playing for 6 hours. Nice game if you're into these grand strategy games, although it's not as in-depth as, for example, Victoria 2 or EU4"
76561198165330984,Recommended,553260,30114495,Posted: 22 February,all,Lladnar,"I like the new take on world strategy, keep up the good work !"
76561198108512366,Recommended,553260,33796778,Posted: 25 July,all,boschlager,"-Starts first game as South Africa-Conquers much of the southern part of Africa-GDP improves enough to join UN security council-Is now world power-Declares war on Angola-Outnumbers Angola 5 to 1-Terrorists appear in Johannesburg with 30 infantry divisions, 15 tank divisions and huge airforce-Loses to terrorists and Angola-African Union formed by Angola-Angola becomes new superpower*cries*"
,Recommended,553260,30025608,Posted: 18 February,all,Corn Flakes,"This game is the best game that I have played in a very long time! I got it a few days ago and have invested as much time as possible into it. The game mechanics work great and the game is beautiful. Though there aren't that many scenarios as of right now, but I am sure that there will be more soon. I know that with the funding that this game's developer is going to receive from its sales, that it will become a very popular franchise in the future. Buy this game if you have the money. It is great and it just came out. The only thing that someone might have problems with are the few bugs that are in it or trying to find online help for the game. There is not much help for the game as of right now because it only launched a few days ago, but with the popularity that I am sure that this game is going to receive, I can assure you that there will be a lot of strategic advice on war, money handling, and diplomacy for this game in the future.I very strongly encourage anyone who even has the slightest interest in this game to buy it!"
76561198026750951,Recommended,553260,29974921,Posted: 16 February,all,luc11223,"This is the best and most satisfying modern political game on steam, get it. It's like Geo political simulator but functional, cheaper, way more rewarding and satisfying to play.It is a very deep game but the mechanics are very easy to understand and once you get the hang of it you love seeing your country rise up in the statistics.Currenrtly playing as France, managed to get 2nd highest score in 2040 and my gdp went from 12th to 4th.One of the keys of succes in this game is to keep investing, keep taxes low and make sure your unemployment decreases.I'm already addicted"
,Not Recommended,553260,30020745,Posted: 18 February,all,『The Wall』,"It's pretty hard to make a game both overly complex and boringly shallow at once, but these guys sure managed!"
76561198004915798,Not Recommended,553260,30005666,Posted: 18 February,all,Fungal_meningitis,Play victoria 2 with the modern era mod instead.  It is superior in every way.This is glorified risk with unfinished and broken mechanics shoehorned in.
76561198050670947,Recommended,553260,29977412,Posted: 16 February,all,Mister Savage,"To sum up this game. Start off as Swizterland, invaded Austria, nuked Canada. Best 15 minutes of my life."
76561198282568681,Not Recommended,553260,30027247,Posted: 18 February,all,Min,"This game is not what i was expected. Boring gameplay, No clue what i was suppose to do, And most of all, you can never win a single war, not a single. Just start a war in the first year, and it will last forever."
76561198058428312,Not Recommended,553260,29977048,Posted: 16 February,all,codystarslinger,"Dont buy this, the game does no do what it promises, its and intreasting concept but it think the gameplay and AI need a huge overhaul before it is good.pros,GraphicsMany nationsa lot of researchconsNations are unbalancedThe whold bloc idea is a complete waste of timeFor a game called ""realPolitiks"" i does not seem to have much politicsNo diplomacyimpossible to conqure other nations.hard to get Natural resources even tho a lot of stuff requires those NR."
76561198130910329,Not Recommended,553260,29973437,Posted: 16 February,all,TotallyMature,"Right now, it is not worth £18, I'd say around £7-10. This game doesn't feel as interactive and fun as the other games I've played like EU4, Victoria II etc"
76561198015271039,Not Recommended,553260,29991867,Posted: 17 February,all,Barbarossa Bey,"It is an interesting concept; very similar to EU4 in that matter, but in a modern sort of way, with less options for contact with outside world.Technology however, is numerous and various in form and selectiveness.But it somehow doesn't give you the fun which EU4 would (I'm talking about the old EU4, way before those dumb developers screwed it up from Common Sense and beyond...)I tried the game with tutorial first; everything was alright - especially since you get massive bonuses for playing tutorial so everything is designed to look good for the tutorial part.Then I went to play South Africa.Multiple attempts at gaining core on neighbors. All failed with a 40% chance.Did some technologies... more advanced ones I could not because that would mean I have to take out another loan which I already did (took 7k loan for building a mine). Even this mine did not do anything for me like grant more gold income, etc.Every advanced technology requires a new loan unless you wish to wait decades for your gold to amass.Overall I did not find proper balance in this game; hope to try it again in less than a year so perhaps it would be improved in many different aspects."
76561198049261227,Recommended,553260,30231877,Posted: 27 February,all,suedanny2,The game is good over all but i would like to see a feature to be able to creat your own nation and give it attributes and a name etc...
,Not Recommended,553260,30004393,Posted: 18 February,all,Evilish,"After the first four hours playing this game. I've come to the conclusion that it's all over the place.After doing the three tutorials. I started a game as North Korea, with my main focus being technology, industry, etc.A few months in, I'm minding my own business and then all of a sudden South Korea decides to attack.Ok..We're brawling, I'm dropping nukes and then all of a sudden I get invited to make a bid for the Olympic games. WTH.It's as if this games event system's oblivious to what's going on in the world."
76561198016006222,Recommended,553260,30008112,Posted: 18 February,all,Agahmoyzen,It's the love child of Civilization and Hearts of Iron series.
,Recommended,553260,30091870,Posted: 21 February,all,Badshooter2017,"United Korea, dominated stock market, and put Koreans in space. I enjoyed this game a lot as it is less crazy as Crusader Kings 2 where I need to watch my back for my murderous brothers so you can just sit back, grab a beer and watch the world burn in nuclear fire all around you. KOREANS IN SPAAAAACE! lol"
,Not Recommended,553260,30000609,Posted: 17 February,all,Xaioxaiofan,"Really simple game, after a few hours you're so much stronger than anyone else that it becomes boring."
76561198002189495,Recommended,553260,30016829,Posted: 18 February,all,rovaira2,"This game is pretty nice. It seems to hit the sweet spot between not overly complicated, and being deep enough for a very nice game. This isn't a kiddy game though; there is a learning curve, but it's really fun as you do so. (I also played the demo before this.) You can choose any country on the map as well. The game is challenging, but not over the top hard. I love this game so far.The gameplay seems quick as well. You don't have to wait for 500 other civilizations to move 1 troop at a time. To me this is a big plus. And yet countries are all doing their own thing creating blocs, declaring war, proposing things at the UN (if they are a member = in top 12 in GDP), etc.For the research/tech tree there are a lot of options. Some countries start with higher military tech, econonomical tech, etc. It's pretty cool. You can create your own stock market and add countries to it which increases income. There is also loans/debt, and you can pay them back as you see fit. You can eventually go bankrupt, but you can improve your technology/economy via research.If you ever played the board game Risk, the military aspect of managing war is like that in many ways. You use different military actions in battle that have chances of success, you can see your troop numbers, can assign as many units as you want in the battle, and add more units as you fight through re-inforcements once they are produced (takes some time). It's pretty cool. You don't have to go all over the map manage individual units. You won't see your units, but in each battle it shows the number of soldiers, tanks, planes, etc. you have. You can also automate battels if you choose. There is also a number of options for espionage, influencing democracy, etc. Countries do attack one another, but it seems pretty balances so far. I love all the interaction.There is a UN. It consists of the top 12 countries in GDP which can change over time.. It's done nicely because those countries that declare war a lot also get a vote. ;) At the UN countries can create proposals and they need a certain percentage of countries to approve it. It's really nice, and what's awesome is it's not just you making proposals.. there are some good ones that make since that others propose. In one war I defeated Russia in a battle which means I can choose to reduce their army for a while, liberate certain provinces, or take over certain provinces. They can deny the proposal as well; each province is worth a certain score up to 100, so lets say province 1 & 2 are worth 90 points.. Russia would probably accept that because it's less than 100. Pretty awesome.. Even when you win, both sides have to agree on the peace treaty, or you can propose another treaty, or attack another area I believe as well.. Awesome.You can start your own block just by inviting others to join your block. A lot of countries will turn down your offer, but you have ways of improving relations. Some still seem to never want to join, but that is pretty realistic. There also are options for your bloc. Countries can come and go in the bloc, so you have to maintain relations as well.I have encountered one bug so far, and it has to deal with resources. It's a pretty big bug as you get negative resources which means you can't build tanks, etc. later in the game. The workaround suppossidely is to turn off imports/exports before proposing the peace treaty; the problem is it's easy to forget this.I definitely recommend this if you like these types of games. Keep in mind it'd not a clone of military management games. This is pretty unique, but it seems done just right. This will be one of my favorites. :) I've played 2-3 games so far, and each game was a little different. Some countries are more aggressive, but each game has had countries doing things a little differently so far. This game has only been out a little while, and I've already played 32+ hours. :)"
,Recommended,553260,30007191,Posted: 18 February,all,keep the jeep,A lot of aspects needs to be improved but it is still enjoyable. It is true that the game has issues with mechanics but it compensates with rich content.
,Recommended,553260,30043812,Posted: 19 February,all,The Trumpster,"After one Game as Germany and about 20 years into a game as Israel I have to say that this game is pretty simple but fun. I love grand strategy (200+ hours each in EU4, HoI and CK2) and Realpolitiks does not offer the same depth as the paradox titles but then again some might say that the paradox titels can be a bit much for newbies. Yes as Germany I dominated the world after like 30 years but I also dominate the world as France in EU4... As Israel I now had to adopt my strategy and do a lot more micromanagement. As soon as I get above 50 warmonger-rating some superpower ♥♥♥♥s me up and Im constantly struggling to keep my stock exchange afloat and my dept low. The policies offer a variety of options to manage the country and the score is not useless as some reviews suggest. For the stock-exchange it is pretty important and if you are among the 5 nations with the highest score you get neat bonuses. The only major flaw that really bothers me is the fact that totalitarian and autocratic states seem a lot stronger than democratic stats. Towards the End of my first playthrough pretty much every superpower was at least autocratic."
76561198056293809,Recommended,553260,29977085,Posted: 16 February,all,AfD,"This game has a lot of potential but currently as stands, for roughly less than $20 I bought it for its well worth the time and effort. The time has come to wage an economic war which previously was high unatainable in most strategy (aka I'm pretty much père WWI Germany)."
76561198018449587,Recommended,553260,30011581,Posted: 18 February,all,Dante Von Hespburg,"4x Stategy games are my life... (sad for me i know!).This game was surprising, for those times where perhaps you have a few hours to burn but don't want the complexity of Victoria 2, Geo-political simulator 3 et al. This game shines and is for you. It is streamlined, but this doesn't mean 'lacking features' in this case. Its merely a faster style of gameplay which is slightly more relaxed.Primarily its a politics simulator, with abstracted warfare (Which is still rather nice actually) and an intriguing system for stock-markets, GDP and the economy. It compacts the clunckiness of something like geo-political simulator 3 (and not to mention doesn't have the bugs!) and removes the awkward wafrare parts of that aforementioned game, or Supreme Ruler 2020. For its price its a steal that i'd recommend.I would say though if your looking at a realistic simulation, this isn't the game for you. It has some neat systems, but again nearly everything is in a condensed abstracted version- You can't for instance create a meaningful 'EU' or 'NATO' due to the limited nature of Blocs and 'action points' dictating your monthly changes- this is no bad thing of course, providing your aware. The Bloc system does though allow for a myriad of rising and falling alliances that make the global scape interesting- particularly with the various benefits/policies you can enact within your 'bloc'- which naturally though affect the opinion of its members of you and thus perhaps its stability.Likewise having an 'action-point' resource that like money increases monthly based upon various policies, buildings, country size etc also adds a very interesting 'management' aspect- you sometimes can't do all that you would want to do in one more- you have to prioitize your actions- and indeed even leave a reserve for unforeseen events and world changes as Action points are also how you influence things (I built several mines but then found when a 'race for the arctic began i was due to my lack of AP behind everyone else- an oppertunity squandered).So all in all, very interesting and well worth the price."
76561198107669127,Recommended,553260,30045715,Posted: 19 February,all,WilliamRickard,"Great game to play. I love the idea of the game, I hope there will be some updates in the next few weeks and I think after a few updates the game will be perfect.Defiantly buy!"
76561197996826452,Recommended,553260,33216680,Posted: 3 July,all,Ninehundred,"Well Well Well, ""Realpolitiks"" usualy i don't wright reviews on Steam especialy in English since ins't my common language but this game caught me in the eye rly!So here's my review ;)Its like an Europa Universalis Russian Version ripoff on the modern day era, not that bad tough, pretty simple easy to understand and play.Artworks are funny its Angela Merkel, Obama and Putin playing the game, the ui is quite good, the only concern for me its the lack of animations during wars, poor ai, and the diplomatics choices that are too thin.If they improve those things and add dlc's this might be a rly great game in the near future.Also the game the game isn't demanding perfomance wise, and  pretty stable. Only got 1 crash because i was save scumming/reloading the game too much often.I would rate this game a solid 7/10, was fun to play.NB: The soundtrack, my godness i forgot, sounds like epic musics from Hans Zimmer! Rly haha, not jocking ;)"
76561198074119763,Recommended,553260,30067756,Posted: 20 February,all,zakdoekje (divided we fall),well its replayability isn't as high as europa but its got some charm to it:-)i think its relativlly easy to play especialy if you play peacefully!just go for as much money as u can!increase your popultion growth as much as u can!and increase your gdp growth as much as u can!i played as norht korea and then after some years i declared war on south korea and took them over!and now i am earing about 2000 gold a monthimo the game should be a bit harder!also the combat system isn't 100% my thing
76561198128603442,Recommended,553260,30148150,Posted: 24 February,all,emre.sayin,"IMO This game is a sucessfull mix of the games ""Democracy"" and ""Making History"" series.  I am excited for the next version already. A must have for fans of political  simulation games.Some of my remarks about the game;- Enjoyable and addictive- Graphics are decent- The Spy actions, UN, Block & Stock Exchange ..etc concepts are all creative elements and can be improved for the next version- it is  hard to understand some consepts & calculations related with political points since it lacks detailed documentation. i.e i was unable to switch to democracy whatever actions i takeBottom line: 8/10 ."
76561198256971031,Recommended,553260,33109129,Posted: 1 July,all,Jason,Amazing game for the price Hard to understand at first but once you get it its beautiful
76561198025110148,Recommended,553260,30801732,Posted: 28 March,all,Lux-Vertas,"Well this is interesting, A basic grand stratergy game... a game where you can lead a craphole to be a majour nation. Interesting idea, and a decent execution.Granted it can be done better, but Honestly, If you need a start in Grand stratergy games, I'd say this is a decent start, If you are a vetren, you might not want to play this, but it is a... interesting way to have a simple build.It can be jucy and interesting to get into it!"
76561198190039542,Recommended,553260,30619273,Posted: 19 March,all,ppanagiotisilv,"Well...i have 43h or record and i am still not sure if i will continue playing this game.It is nice and interesting but it lucks of depth wich makes it boring after a while. It is also quite confusing to understand the mechanics of the game and unfortunately there isn't yet some good guide online for this game. On the other side, the support team updates the game often adding feature and fixing bugs and I hope that the game will reach its potential soon."
76561198071898410,Recommended,553260,30803079,Posted: 28 March,all,Mr.Cat,a little too much money but meh i dont think its too bad
,Recommended,553260,31693685,Posted: 11 May,all,dhorn25,"It's a good game for those people who enjoy grand strategy but don't want to spend hours scouring guides to decipher the confusing and expansive menus and interfaces that often accompany such grand strategy games. Realpolitiks is fairly straight-forward in that regard, and although it may be less complicated than other grand strategy games, what it does it does well. In addition, the developers have updated the game multiple times to fix some balancing issues, even though the game on release was already much more polished than many of the games that are released on Steam. Overall, I'd recommend."
76561198134543902,Not Recommended,553260,30027192,Posted: 18 February,all,mozzym,"Apart from the crappy graphix, the gameplay sucks. Too many dialog boxes that disturb the gameflow. Also the player has basically no control of what is going on, leaving the game to being merely an ""upgrade"" game. Waste of time and money.You cannot do trades with other contries, only a small set of game modes and no free play mode.I would love my money back."
,Not Recommended,553260,30205632,Posted: 26 February,all,Orbital Potato,"The combat mechanics in this game are terrible, I have literally no idea how to win a battle, big or small. It just seems broken."
,Not Recommended,553260,30727137,Posted: 25 March,all,p2,"waste of money, boring after a while but takes over 2 hours for a decent game (aka you cant refund if you dont like it after a  play through)"
76561198170416998,Recommended,553260,33334776,Posted: 6 July,all,Zew123,Its a good game but the war system is bad you sit there clciking buttons hoping for the best.The game would be great if war was like hearts of iron 4.
76561198318336832,Not Recommended,553260,33798506,Posted: 25 July,all,ianwasserman1,"0 real, if i were you i would rather buy superpower 2, far better and cheaper."
76561198077272570,Recommended,553260,30024829,Posted: 18 February,all,Getrekds,"People don't know what they are talking about this game is good, My only problem is tutorial it sucks at explaining"
76561197962163496,Recommended,553260,29974398,Posted: 16 February,all,Mac,"Small game, but entertaining enough.I can't go sleep ! .... , I have to conquer some more, invest, deal with crisis, no time for sleep ..."
,Recommended,553260,30071190,Posted: 20 February,all,BambiTheGuy,"In some ways it is less complex than the Civilization series, but for the most part it is much more strategic than Civilization ever was.  Realpolitiks focuses heavily on the political side of things, an area where Civilization rather lacks.  You are constantly in the midst of a balancing act between forging alliances, screwing over other nations, and dealing with your own internal politics.  The country you choose (which is almost any country in existance today) will have starting advantages in some of those areas, especially if you choose a country that is apart of the United Nations.  For the other countries, you will likely have to work from the ground up to make or break your campaign.Pros:- Very dynamic politics- A surprisingly helpful tutorial- Three different campaign styles, including a post-apocalyptic map- Simple to understand gameplayCons:- Wars, spy operations, and diplomacy are basically RNGs- Graphically, not as pretty as Civilization VI"
,Recommended,553260,30086920,Posted: 21 February,all,Sam,"Great Game, lots of potential."
76561198194920517,Recommended,553260,30491667,Posted: 13 March,all,Doug Dimmadome,Taking over the world about 3/4 the way done. KOREA SHALL RULE ALL!
76561198043407114,Recommended,553260,30035527,Posted: 19 February,all,Cramm789,Not great but not bad. I wish there were more options to choose from when dealing with diplomacy but it runs well and is fun for a little while. if there was a neutral thumb id give that but i lean slightly more thumbs up than down.
,Recommended,553260,30052821,Posted: 20 February,all,feeneyomega,"Good game with a large amount of depth and fascinating gameplay. Grand campaign can get a little repetitive but only near the end if you have managed to establish yourself as the clearly dominant power. It would be nice for there to be more in depth diplomacy options, such as forming a federation with neighbouring countries, exchanging provinces with other world powers or forming lasting alliances which are on more equal footing than the imperialist blocs. Still a good game and would reccomend."
76561197983665045,Recommended,553260,30033220,Posted: 19 February,all,Mavac,"Pros:1. Easy to get into. I just played the first tutorial part, then started the game. I prob should have done the military one as well, as my first wars with Russia ended in disaster.... Still ended up winning my first game as Norway.2. Tasks are a good way to see more progression and gives you clear goals with good incentives.3. Kinda quick playthrough. Not necassarily a good think, but for casual gamers who dont wont to put in 200hours its a pro. One playthrough logged 10hours gametime, probably spent alot less.4. Tech tree is pretty good, and you need to make choices of how what path to take. Kinda silly that the tech tree starts from scratch at year 2020 tho and you need to discover ""stealth"". Ohh well.Cons:1. Impossible to control your ""space colonies""/colonies in general. Or maybe I just didnt find out how to do it in a easy way. Pro tip: Get max 2-3 planets, you dont need more imo.2. Lack of depth. Easy to get into is always nice, combined with hard to master it can become a masterpiece. Compare it to Hearts of Iron which I needed 4 run throughs to fully grasp. But I guess that is not the niche this game is going for :)3. Needs balancing. I ended up with so much cash that I didnt know where to put it all. Could easily fight of the whole world if I tried to with my army as a conseqence.4. Kinda Bugged. I was suppose to create scandinavia, the event happened but nothing actually happend. Maybe nothing was suppose to happen :p5. Random ""penalty"" events doesnt really hurt you at all. GDP growth of 1% and it gets reduces by 0.1.. Ohh noo.6. What is the purpose of resources? It was a value that didnt seem to play a big role.Still, fun game for the 15bucks or whatever you pay in currency :)"
76561198126116768,Recommended,553260,30002214,Posted: 17 February,all,harpman12,"The game is surprisingly amazing! I expected something so so when I purchased it, yet was very pleasantly surprised once I started playing. Peacetime is very engaging, and I never found myself bored as the player is constantly asked to make decisions. There are many surprises occuring around the world as you focus on your internal affairs, which can lead you to rethink your strategies. It is definatly a must buy for stategy gamers!"
76561198026769675,Recommended,553260,30070223,Posted: 20 February,all,Ironmike,"Liberal masterbation simulator with fun game attached.The only real problem with the game is some things are mislabeled. For example the game labels your nation as ""democratic, authoritarian, or totalitarian."" which should really be ""anarchist/liberal, normal/democratic, and authoritarian,"" respectively. There is no real totalitarian/fundamentalist simulation.The neat thing about this game is while managing your nation and alliances (known as blocs)  is it constantly throws situations your way for decision, or just an event you have to deal with.This constant decision or reaction gameplay makes it very engaging and is the main fun factor.The only frustrating thing is learning how the game mechanics work and it's poor interface. After a bit you figure it out, (so give it some time and learn it). I could see it being a major obstacle to big to overcome for some.That and the climate change monster. If the extremist liberal overtones and ideological tests weren't a hint, don't have coal power plants (there is a nuclear option which is normal),  and just agree with whatever the climate change monster desires else the climate change monster will eat your resources, people, and cities"
,Not Recommended,553260,30563768,Posted: 16 March,all,bryan_a_b3,10-1 odds of your soldiers means your every military operation fails. Enemy nukes you and you still cant retaliate with your own nukes if you started the war.
,Recommended,553260,30162491,Posted: 25 February,all,TheDanmit,"It's awesome game , so much things to do with interesting events"
,Recommended,553260,30123775,Posted: 23 February,all,anatoliy,"Really great game with huuuge potential.BUT remember this game is not historical - let me use the term ""alternative"" history.Yes, they are some bugs, right now but from the release date until now (23/2/17), the developers managed to release 3 patches, andthe time will tell if all will be smooth sail ;)I've invested more than 29hours, and I was able to check only 1 from the more than 10 (?! not sure) campaigns, but again if you don't fill comfortable with a bug or two - wait for some time, check the discussion (and bug) forums, watch some LP (not the pre-release once).I'll update this review in the near future."
76561198125312136,Recommended,553260,30628354,Posted: 19 March,all,zorenpe,Mtf great game
76561197961067642,Recommended,553260,30069915,Posted: 20 February,all,DeathToNewbies,Fun game so far. Much simplier than the paradox series of grand strategy of games but in a sense its better for people newer into this genre. There aren't many geopolitical simulators out there right now and some are just overly complicated. This one is simple enough as an entrance into the genre I find to warrant picking it up.
76561198108634465,Recommended,553260,30315228,Posted: 4 March,all,Payback,Played 5 hours straight...not perfect but good.
76561198053701615,Recommended,553260,30015924,Posted: 18 February,all,long_0612,"This game is fun, not too complicated."
,Recommended,553260,30021141,Posted: 18 February,all,Fergas,A much more streamlined grand startegy game but im enjoying it. I hope more updates are on the way. Good job devs.
76561198071581826,Recommended,553260,31473552,Posted: 30 April,all,JamCom,Ok Great game 4.75/5 this is only because of stability when loading the game but its amzings though it does lack the political crazy ness which is so fun to play with
,Recommended,553260,29988342,Posted: 17 February,all,Zochin,"Better to play the game as suggested countries from the start or you can't get enough resources or money even you got the highest scores, HDI and action points. As I am Mongolian, I picked it up and played, oh well, couldn't even beat little one independent country that was separated from Russia. I have played like 4 hours, and what I had got? Nothing, but a lot of successful empty projects. Next time, I'll pick up China or Japan to invade Asia!"
,Recommended,553260,29998773,Posted: 17 February,all,Laissez Faire,A good in between game. Not as simple as Civ but not as complex as any paradox game. A nice addition to any grand strategy game enthusist. Not without its faults but nothing that is game breaking so far.
,Recommended,553260,30082259,Posted: 21 February,all,KaOs_(UK) Sean Hirst,This could have been a really good game if it was not for the Issue with natrual resorces being something you cant seem to get hold of normally. I'm very disapointed.
,Recommended,553260,33361059,Posted: 7 July,all,Mr.Stranger,Great game!!
76561198060057539,Recommended,553260,29978708,Posted: 16 February,all,[TRAF] bloomer1338,just started. right off the bat needs better optimization. great start though !
,Not Recommended,553260,30043656,Posted: 19 February,all,❋Guildam❋,I was having a great time with this game.ISIS 'was' in the game thought it was amusing after all its a game and there is no problem having it in it. If not its how the world looks like.But suddenly they took ISIS out of it.Why do that? No patch notes no notice hopefully someone will do a mod now.But this surely looses point u had ISIS in it from the get go.Now suddenly you want to bend your backs to PC?How about u take the terrorists mechanics out or that immigration causes unhappiness? thats how SJW and PC works imigration needs to give a -99.00% revolt chance and the +100 relations with the world....Are you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game PR????Also change the name of the game to Fakepolitiks thats more appropriate after all changes above noted...
,Recommended,553260,29973297,Posted: 16 February,all,Phoenix,"Great game, realy fun to play"
76561198064277810,Recommended,553260,31051001,Posted: 9 April,all,#Not all pepe,Many people compare this to games like EU4 and CK2. Might I remaind you how long these were in development and how much all the DLC's cost? Disable all DLC and realise just how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ these games are without it. This game is not without faults. It is a bit shallow in certain aspects but it's trying very well I love the concept. i belive this game could be great if the updates continue and maybe a major expansion will come out to add extra spice to economy and politics.
,Not Recommended,553260,30055905,Posted: 20 February,all,Lord Windy,Returned after the game wouldn't stop CTD. Developers didn't say very much on the issue and the bug report has been left since the day it was created.
76561198057106016,Not Recommended,553260,30398711,Posted: 8 March,all,john241098/cassuis211273,"Cant even get this game to run correctly, never mind play it!!!!"
,Recommended,553260,30063949,Posted: 20 February,all,RIP CASTRO,very good lots of fun ye
,Recommended,553260,30177859,Posted: 25 February,all,Nthree,the game is nice but not much to do got a refund but will buy if more is added
,Not Recommended,553260,30075159,Posted: 21 February,all,Thingy,"Looks awful, UI's clunky, tutorial pointless, loading screens full of badly drawn jokes and in general just not very well made.I've not played more than a few minutes of this, but it's one of those games where after 10 minutes  I simply know that this is not for me, but the quality of the presentation and interface clearly isn't there."
76561198041355588,Not Recommended,553260,31836701,Posted: 19 May,all,Sm00th0perator,They removed ISIS. How can this game be called RealPolitiks when they removed this group. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198063501472,Recommended,553260,29985732,Posted: 17 February,all,Red Memes,"I recommend this game if you like sandbox, arcade-like grand strategy games. Don't expect a Hearts of Iron 4 type gameplay."
76561197981436938,Recommended,553260,29983580,Posted: 17 February,all,WhiteRaven,"This game is far from perfect, but actually is a lot of fun and for that price.. c'mon are you kidding me giving an indie game a dislike?. Just imagine picking up your favourite country and getting it where you want it to be, feel really really good. Runs great on my old macbook pro retina 13. I have not noticed any serious bugs. THe game is very playable out of the box and I hope the devs will add more interresting scenarios and concepts with DLCs."
76561198046794379,Recommended,553260,29994900,Posted: 17 February,all,carmenciya,"Crash again and again 5 minutes after the beguining. When scroll a window ie. Please check it out. My equipment has nothing to do attending to game recomended requirements.In the other hand I belive the game is ""super"" but need to test it further than 5minutes....Thanks in advance"
,Recommended,553260,29995290,Posted: 17 February,all,Chivalry,"Just started playing and I like it :DIt's a very nice and chill world domination game with alot of different ways to get to what you want.It's perhaps not as intricate as some of the others in the genre, but I feel it has good replay value, and for the price it's a great buy."
,Recommended,553260,29990938,Posted: 17 February,all,Floating Pickle,Quiet
76561198020400511,Not Recommended,553260,33317477,Posted: 6 July,all,michael.ritchie09,its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009525079,Not Recommended,553260,30695672,Posted: 23 March,all,Broberon,Boring
,Recommended,553260,32260889,Posted: 7 June,all,White Ford Van,Amazing game. Worth every penny.It's fun trying to conquer the world then fight a UN Coalition force.I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who wants a fun game with a mix of politics and a war sim
,Not Recommended,553260,29990626,Posted: 17 February,all,Black Chawk,Great game but Labrador is not apart of Quebec and never will be.2/10
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,553260,30385546,Posted: 7 March,all,1B-15-FirelFox,"Here my  things*I Feel The Game is Way To Pre Planed like ever AI Do The Same Thing And Research or action w.e you wanna call them it takes forever! to  get a bill out is what we would call it i think?.*The Game is in need of some improvements  and thats with out  thinking twice Yes the Game is Very addicktive but! there is aways that feeling of stuff  lacking in the game.Example of lacking*No Talking Peace or making allys its war war  war war war war war mess up sabatobe  etc  thats all the game feels like.Atm i can Not Recommend this Game At This Time.But i will Change my Review if! they keep updating n add stuff like fetures,options,more freedom etc.I HOPE THEY IMPROVE THIS GAME SO I CAN CHANGE THIS TO A YES RATHER THEN A NO"
,Not Recommended,553260,32294958,Posted: 9 June,all,Eternal ANGLO,"Please, don't buy this game if you are easily bored."
76561198190651613,Recommended,553260,33941580,Posted: 31 July,all,YoshiEmpire,if your interested in this game you also might be interested in this gamehttp://www.power-and-revolution.com/links.php?langue=en
,Recommended,553260,29994076,Posted: 17 February,all,XeeX,Good
76561198082886587,Not Recommended,553260,29972071,Posted: 16 February,all,Cache,"The game is not so bad, but i really hate it when my regions change their culture to paneuropean.... wtf...Maybe the game is predicting the future of european countries.... with the black guy as the representative of the paneuropean culture... i mean really?"
,Not Recommended,553260,29995178,Posted: 17 February,all,Matthew Canada Williams,"Oi! You removed ISIS? How come I can't nuke the reason the Middle East should have never been created?Other than that,environment damage lowers WAY too quickly. Radioactive fallout takes 35 years to clear,so the every few days clears a major bit makes Nuclear Winter almost impossible to get. War Score also sucks,if you crush an enemy country (Damn it Lithuania!) they can just say no to annexation or destruction of blocs/GDP/Government,so the only option is White Peace (Let's just forgetthis,eh?)and they can refuse that,too. So then all you can do is surrender TO A ♥♥♥♥ING MINISCULE TINY PROVINCE... Eh,Canadian rage explains this game,I wanted to like it,but there's too many flaws. May you drop the price to $9.99? I know you're starving Indie Devs but it isn't worthy of this price,even on sale."
76561198062653983,Not Recommended,553260,29977215,Posted: 16 February,all,INSANEFIRELOARD,Basic / Shallow / Boring Mechanics not really a genuine simulator or strategy - I don't know what the f*** this is - I'll be requesting a refund for this trash
76561198170633027,Recommended,553260,32730082,Posted: 24 June,all,The sentient fedora,A good introduction into grand strategy.
76561197991692422,Recommended,553260,29971598,Posted: 16 February,all,Blacksnack,"Choose a country, choose your destiny. Be the authoritan figure of your dreams. Achieve world peace. Or total destruction. Your choice."
76561198090685730,Not Recommended,553260,34704170,Posted: 2 September,all,Jezza,the world according to an indoctrinated polish person
76561198197645113,Not Recommended,553260,31901996,Posted: 22 May,all,DelDab,usch
76561198166134446,Not Recommended,553260,30009006,Posted: 18 February,all,PennyBlossom,Sucks
76561198055057145,Not Recommended,553260,30101461,Posted: 22 February,all,photo bysergio,"VERY DISAPOINTED.In Real life Israel is a prosperous country with one of the best Army in the world,wich historicly defeated Egipt+Siria+Jordan in just 6 daysBUT in this game Israel is made so weak, cant even defend it self from one of these countries."
76561197988562209,Not Recommended,553260,29978215,Posted: 16 February,all,Laiziras,eh...
76561198049313249,Recommended,553260,29975521,Posted: 16 February,all,nerevarine,"No...and YES!There is a lot that needs to be worked out with this game.Maybe in future...maybe? Update: the future has arrived. Sort of.It started promising...OK, let's talk about what PEOPLE REALLY WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME FOR: conquer the world. Not try to raise GDPs, lower unemployment, or any of that malarchy.Don't kid yourselves!Anyhoo - you can't do anything that most players claim or developers suggest you can do.You can't conquer jacksquat or wipe our nations the way it's being ""presented"".UNLESS YOU PLAY NOW post-da UPDATES!But really, the game you see...eh, has rules. And it breaks it's own rules to wreck anything you try to accomplish.It doesn't appear to be game bugs to me but rather by design.You literally will fight wars to the point the computer decides who ""wins"".At that point, it forces PEACE between you and whoever you're fighting.It gives you a few options:White Peace aka ""let's just forget it ever happend, mmm-kay?!""Proposed Peace aka ""Reduce your surviving army by 50% for 1300 turns"", ""dismantle your alliance (bloc)"", ""liberate territory"", ""dismantle your stock exchange"", or ""claim territory from you"".OH WAIT, you can seize territory by claiming it! So you go to the map and....buuut it doesn't let you click on ANY territory to claim your own??HUH? You just completely defeated them in battle...but you can't grab any of their territory? How is this even fricken possible?Long Answer:Remember the movie Aliens? So they go into the reactor to rescue colonists, then the marines are told: ""OH, BTW, NO FIRING ALLOWED."" And they were all like ""What are we supposed to use? Bad language?""Slightly Less Longer Answer:The game is loaded with stupid rules. Were the developers trying to make a political statement?In war, terrority can be seized, occupied, assimilated, annexed, all that jazz.The developers prefer a very liberal fantasy system of touchy-feely ideals where ""because doing so, just wouldn't be right"" so it won't let you most of the time.NOW, there is a sort of chance that MAYBE the game will let you pick territory, like if you did this stupid thing where you declare previously it should be yours. BUT, even in those situations...no dice. It's like an RNG, or bug, regardless of what the fanboys claim.When they say, ""Oh, you just have to do this and this."" And you do, and you tell them, they say:a) ""Then you're doing it wrong some how. I dunno! SOMEHOW!""b) ""Uhhh....ummmm. (drools) Uhhh....uhhh...ummmm. THIS GAME IS GREAT AND YER JUST A PEPE-LOVING NAZI TROLL! ""NOW, on that note, the developers are more active than most to fix much of this.Are they successful? ehhh...but HEY, they work at it!But really, said to see you conqueringa nother nation who can...refuse the conditions of their defeat! HUH? Yes. They can. LOL. #failgameAt such a point, one would think you can finish off what's left of their army, or people or whatever.But NOPE.They can ""just say no"" and you're forced to ultimately go with ""White Peace"" OH AND THE VERY OTHER FINAL OPTION: ""Surrender""...TO THEM! The nation you just creamed.No joke, this is how the game is. The developers...ehh...they really try.And to their credit, they've done A BUNCH to tweak the game so everyone can enjoy it.That, and the tweaks they made since original review = thumbs up review.Other stuff:Combat strength is determined by # of units, plus modifiers. Always favors defender.You launch different attacks that earn you points. When you get to 100, you can do ""Final Offensive"" to crush the enemy. But the enemy's army rarely goes down. It's possible to have 50 units against 40 enemy units, gain the 100 points to do final offensive, win the battle, and WIN THE WAR, and the enemy still has roughly 40 units. Now imagine YOU get attacked, and LOSE, despite having your full army still! LAME! But developers still try to tweak stuff. They are pretty dedicated to this game. So that's assuring...assuming they DO tweak what is needed. Ehhhh.The game is full of bugs. **UPDATE*** they patched the game, made some improvements, but the core problems still exist. Check out the Bug/Tech Support Forum and you'll see all the problems (like those mentioned here) that wreck the game.Some are bugs, some are just bad design choices. WIP. Is this game a ""beta""?NO, not in my opinion. More like, full of bad design thoughts, but they've done their best to remedy for the fans. So kudos for that!Yet, at times, there's isn't much to do in this game except watch it almost literally play itself.Research a ""project"" and it ticks up your GDP or lowers your unemployment (or opposite) by 0.20% +/- .Everything just gets gently nudged.AND...well, that's about it.Just press this button to tick up this number a notch...tick that button to tick it down a quarter of point.Honestly, there is this ""next turn"" dynamic and you'll find yourself eagerly awaiting upgrades/research boosts, etc.When you DO an action that nudges the numbers, especially with relations, I noticed the game AI itself seems to react by trying to reverse what you did. Start to be successful nudging numbers one way, and it's like it triggers a game event or AI to unrealistically be able to counter it. Or, the game will break own rules to do it. Example: Improve relations with a neighbor? Guess what. It will automatically go back down later. No explantion. It's like the program itself has ""veto"" power.Frustrating.Let that sink in. Okay, so now imagine constantly spendings your resources/money to improve relations and some invisible element keeps knocking it back down. It severely limits what you can accomplish.The game has a whole ""trying to fill up a jug of water that has a hole in it"".Or, trying to undo a sweater that someone keeps on knitting and knitting and knitting.....The UI has too many pop-ups. This should have been a turn-based game.It's yet another grand-strategy that tries to play out in real-time but inundates you with messages.Again, the developers work to mitigate issues, like those mentioned above.And things have evolved nicely!Did I mention Diplomacy is a total joke? Many options but game AI constantly tinkers around it seems to reverse them. No matter what. What's the point?Pretty funny when you play as a Democratic nation, but then a Totalitarian nation proposes measure in UN to...penalize all Democractic nations...and DEMOCRATIC NATIONS VOTE FOR IT. I kid you not. What a joke!And if you play as Totalitarian, and one of our own proposes sanctions against Democratic nations? Same thing! Some of your OWN TOTALITARIAN buddies will actually vote along with the Democratic nations...despite that it will hurt them too! How FFFFFN stupid is that?Again, it's the game overall AI working against the player to make things hard.The GOOD?Graphics, concept, random events, ""idea"" of the battle system, developer support!!!You can't focus on territories much, in fact, you can't even pull up a list to see what you control with out digging around in the menu. The whole ""space/planets"" is meaningingly. They're treated as other ""territories"" you control...if you can win random events handing them out (for a price).The demo seemed better, more friendly with some of the mechanics. But you could never go deep into the demo because it had a time-limit. TAKES FOREVER, to do 1 or 2 things in game-time, so the demo never let's you peel back the layers to find the real problems inside.Too bad!But like I said, this is VERY well supported game. It offers so much others simply are too chicken-poop to, or just plain out do not. I think the price is a bit too up-there, but if you adopt this game, you'll risk being addicted to it. I'd guarantee it, but I'm not a salesman but a cynic. And there you have it!"
,Not Recommended,553260,30587073,Posted: 18 March,all,Typically Thomas,"This game is great, and I love it, but I feel there is a distinct lack in replayability and there is no real late game. Once you play a couple campaigns... That's it. You're done. Thanks for playing. It's good, but doesn't live up to potential. Also, the load times are waaaaaaaay too long."
76561198108028733,Not Recommended,553260,30048844,Posted: 19 February,all,Kamui,stupid war logic. get bored very fast. not worth to play again.
76561198067028807,Not Recommended,553260,30046295,Posted: 19 February,all,Piris,"EDIT: They haven't updated the game in a while...Things I liked:+ You can be almost any country in the world.+ The events are fun to watch unfold.+ The UN is a great mechanic!+ It's an easy game to get into.+ The technology tree is quite large.+ There are 3 different starting points (I've only played the first one though.)+The environment is a part of the game!+ The transition to different government types is a welcomed feature.+ I see a lot of people don't like it, but I think the war mechanic is simple, yet cool.+ There is nuclear war.+ The price.Things that need improvement: To my knowledge, I can't join an existing bloc, I have to create my own. This is difficult if you play as a small country (which I like to do.) Maybe the developers should allow players to join any existing bloc if their score is below a certain threshold.: The UN seats are decided by GDP. I was number 2 in score, and wasn't apart of the UN as Belgium. I feel like they should implement score into the UN seats, too.: No mods.: The environment bounces back too quickly from nuclear war.: Maybe I missed it, but I would like to have a way to view the outcome of a war is in another country. For example, I would like to know which country took land, if it ended in a white peace, etc.I would surely give this game a recommend. I can't wait for dlcs, added content, and mods for this game. I would say if you are on the fence about this game, the demo is worth checking out."
,Recommended,553260,35422297,Posted: 2 October,all,[HMMF] CannonFodder,its alright needs a bit of work and its not really my kind of game i tend to prefer your civ and your hoi and total war this is more focused on diplomacy than combat so if you are looking for that go for it maybe get it on sale though cos like i said it could use a bit of work
