user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,553640,32133743,Posted: 2 June,all,Mad,"**NOTE: This review is still being updated constantly to accomadate to any changes in my opinion and updates of the game itself.**INTRODUCTIONICEY seemed like a great game. It's beautiful, and I was extremely curious. I'm a mad fan of hack and slash games, and I wanted to get another one. But a lot of reviews seemed to be negative while also being positive at the same time. I could tell this sort of game was a gamble, and I was worried I wouldn't like it.But, a lot of steam curators recommended the game, so I bought it and tested it out. I had loved The Stanley Parable, which, was found in ICEY according to many players. I was pretty doubtful that it wouldn't be that good, but I really don't regret my decision. I enjoyed the game, it was INCREDIBLE fun killing monsters, and was very unique.WHAT ICEY ISPlaying ICEY, you follow the voice of a narrator (who sounds like he has a bad cold), through hacking and slashing monsters to achieve one ultimate goal. This type of storyline is found in a lot of other games, but if you take the time to explore this game that seems to be less than it looks like, you discover a whole other world.Take The Stanley Parable, and turn it into an action META game, and the result is ICEY.At first, the game wasn't that interesting. It did have beautiful visuals, but the attacks and combos were like any other hack and slash game. The narrator's voice sounded too forced, and it was like following a written script, until I thought, ""what if you don't follow the narrator?"" The narrator constantly tells you to follow what he says, his voice sounding very thorough, but it gets to the point where you ask, ""what if I don't?"". It was like he was being too direct, too direct to make you not follow what he says. So, I defied what I was supposed to do...And a whole web of twists and turns was born.PLAYINGI found the balance of killing mobs and exploring secrets full of fun and completely satisfying. ICEY held the perfect edge between action and exploration, which is difficult to do. The game's beautiful visuals along with revving music and unique script made it extremely fun to play. To play ICEY, you have to explore, and the great part about it is that the game's not too big so you get lost, but not too small so you find everything easily.The problem is that a lot of people are impatient when it comes to a game. You want to get into a game, and figure out immediately if it's good or not, simply because you don't want to waste time- and also because you want to make sure you can return the game in time if you don't like it. This isn't a bad thing, it's basically logical and productive. But ICEY is a hidden masterpiece. And you will really enjoy it if you take your time with the game, much like with Stardew Valley. This is the type of game where you have to think about all the pieces of the puzzle and how brilliant they were. You really have to appreciate the amazing thought put into this game.HEADS UP: In the game, combos exist, such as J + J + J + I. At checkpoints (which are the yellow bots found floating at new areas) you can access and upgrade these combos, I suggest doing so. The game doesn't emphasize the fact that there are combos that much, mostly because of a lacking tutorial.At first, the monsters you fight aren't too hard to kill, but the game starts throwing a lot of bosses at you, and a lot of monsters, which are extremely difficult to kill. However, at checkpoints, your progress is saved. I suggest going back and killing the easier mobs (in the first few areas) multiple times in order to gather enough money to upgrade your stats and combos (at the checkpoint bots). I did this, and it made a huge difference versus going headfirst into unknown territorythen raging ultimately against losing 6 times in a row even though I knew about combos and everything.The controls are a little odd. Playing this game, you don't use your mouse at all, just your keyboard. J and I are your main keys, along with WASD (which everyone knows is for movement... I hope). At first the controls annoyed me. Usually hack n' slash games use your mouse, but I got used to it. If you're someone who has a particular way with controls (or prefers a mouse), still try playing the game and get used to the controls.The storyline is also beautiful. It developed very well throughout the game, which was extremely pleasing since the beginning didn't offer that much at first. It sparks into a conspiracy, and a total story reveals itself slowly but perfectly.But I will warn you right now: The game doesn't offer too much gameplay, and it's one of those ""explore different routes and constantly start over at a key checkpoint"". This can be laborious, and it can certainly get to your mind if you aren't paying attention carefully.THE PROS- Amazing visuals. The fighting visuals are absolutely gorgeous. I love the splashes of coloring, and the art design is simply adorable yet beautiful.- Music. It really helps accompany dramatic scenes and battles.- Comedic narrator. He's funny. With a bad cold.- Creative exploration. The game is designed creatively like The Stanley Parable to allow you to explore in fun ways. I found this to be a very unique part of the game.- A greatly developed storyline. It starts from a lump of dough and turns into a gigantic cookie. Like, a really delicious cookie.- Fun achievements. There are achievements that are fun to unlock, and I personally really loved that aspect.THE CONS- Not that much gameplay. The game offers a few hours unless you play over and over again.- A grueling process of exploration. It can be fun to explore, but it's common to accidentally go through the same route again, since in a few different chapters routes are very confusing. In this type of game, you have to startover at a lot of checkpoints, and it can be pretty annoying.- Odd controls. Only if you're picky with them is this a con. I'm not sure if you can change the controls, I did check quickly and didn't see the option, but perhaps you can.- The narratorcanbe annoying. A lot of people found him annoying. But please try playing even if his voice sounds VERY exaggerated and fake. I believe it's meant to be this way to make you doubt him, and yes, it does influence your thoughts.- Overpowering monsters. As detailed way above, if you don't collect money from easy areas and upgrade, it will be really difficult to play, and increase your frustration.ICEY (eh, get it?) WHY YOU SHOULD PLAYIn summary, ICEY sparks a twist as ""a 2D side-scrolling action game and a META game in disguise"". I loved the way it was thought out. The game is rather simple, but it offers a lot of elements that take it out of the ordinary.I honestly really liked it, but it is one of those gambles. It's either you like it or you don't like it, because there are a lot of possible negatives or positives that will influence your decision.But ICEY is honestly beautiful, and the storyline is wonderfully developed. I loved it a lot, and I do certainly recommend to play."
,Recommended,553640,32869257,Posted: 27 June,all,Sephyrias,"ICEY has 2 main selling points:1. The ""story""2. The combatBoth are enjoyable, but both also have a bunch of issues.The game is rather short. It only took me only about 7 hours to complete it.1. The story is split into different levels of interpretation.There is a story about the narrator and a story about the events of the ingame world.Overall it is very confusing.The world's story seems to have a lot of thought behind it, but it is told in unnecessarily cryptic ways.The story with the narrator is a lot more interesting and it is what makes the game interesting.The concept was executed successfully (but not flawlessly either).I won't go into detail to avoid spoilers.2. The combat looks good and the different mechanics make sense.Combos are the most interesting part of it.The player can specialize a bit on different combo types and enemies can usually be defeated in several different ways.However this also leads to the weak part of the combat: Enemy design- Small number of enemy typesEnemies that appear in the first area still apear in the last area. Bosses appear again as common foes. A few of the bosses are extremely similar to each other.- TelegraphingThe game has a counter option against most attacks, but it is very difficult to react in time, especially when the enemy can not be stunned and you have to stay in close range.Grabs and such cause a warning sign to pop up to help with this, but it is inconsistent.Overall the combat is fun, but it sometimes feels like there are some oversights.Smaller issues:The area-attack spamming ""Thor"" enemy turns the combat into a ""the floor is lava"" game.Music wasn't my taste and it got very repetitive.Unskipable ""cutscene"" - like events.Final Words:I do recommend ICEY.It is a decent game and worth playing, just alone for the idea behind it.However when it comes to my personal enjoyment, not one of my favorites."
,Recommended,553640,28193061,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dizzy H. Muffin,It's The Stanley Parable as if it was made by Platinum Games.
,Recommended,553640,29585799,Posted: 30 January,all,weather service,narrator told me to recommend this gameit's good
76561198000030523,Recommended,553640,28288324,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Calyxie,"It is kinda like Stanley Parable, where you can ignore the narrators orders and see all the fun easter eggs or just see the narrator get angry at you for not following his story.But it also has very fun combat.Is it good? YesDo i recommend it? AbsolutelyWhy you still haven't bought the game yourself yet? I have no clue"
,Recommended,553640,26682356,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Japanese Debtor's Prison,"Probably one or two spoilers in here. Nothing huge, but just info on what to expect.Calling yourself a META game and going against the narrative does not make you the Stanley Parable, though I can see why people compare the two. I mean, sure it has a narrator who you can actively ♥♥♥♥ with, and who gets very very cross at you for disobeying him, but it doesn't really capture the same spirit as the Stanley Parable. The developers were big fans, set out to make a game like it (story wise, anyways), and missed the forest for the trees somewhat.My biggest gripe with this game was the Narrator.The Narrator in this game isn't particularly funny or witty. If anything, he seemed to grate on me more than anything. Going back to the Stanley Parable like everyone else, he doesn't weave an interesting story, or improvise very much when you go off the rails, or elaborate on any of the neat things you're seeing very much. His only role seems to be to constantly insist on 'following the arrows' and gettting unreasonably angry when you don't. He'll be extremely calm one moment, but then hysterically mad the next, with very little buildup to the fact. He sorta just gets angry because someone dictated he should, not because he would logically be flipping his♥♥♥♥♥♥at that point. One could make the excuse that that's just part of his character, but if that's the case then he makes an extremely annoying character.Anyways, the 'story' for this game is surprisingly good. The various paths you can take, along with the one the Narrator leads you down, are quite well done and can lead you to some interesting endings. The various hints of story and character descriptions we get from the various endings and (weirdly enough) steam achievments do leave one with a sense of curiosity to explore the world, and actively disobey the Narrator just to see what other weird endings one can get.The gameplay itself is solid, if frustrating near the end. I played on the 'Hard' difficulty due to most saying the game was a cakewalk otherwise, so take whatever comes next with a grain of salt. Combat is fast paced, and nothing is more satisfying then countering an entire room of enemies in a very rapid succession. My only main gripe with the combat is that some enemies have very little in the way of tells. Late game fights are very easy to get stunlocked in, and a lot of the frustration from some of the later enemies could easily be alleviated if they simply had an extra second or so of windup. Some bosses have zero windup in their attacks, meaning that one must simply guess what attack they will do and when.On to Artwork and Music. There's not much to say here besides the visuals look great. The main character is quite pleasing to look at, and the various environments and enemies are well done. The music itself ranges from ""Does the job"" to ""Kinda Catchy"" though the lack of tracks and length means they loop quite often.All in all, Narrator aside, I'd recommend it.Tl;Dr: ICEY is waifu material, buy it."
76561198051533584,Recommended,553640,26704143,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lyart,The Narrator told me to rate this game 5 stars.I did.
,Recommended,553640,30225717,Posted: 27 February,all,Artibius,"PROS:+ great soundtrack+ cool boss fights+ nice visuals+ annoying the narrator+ breaking the 4th wall+ exploring parts of the gameCONS:- short base campaign- small enemy variety- towards the end a bit chaotic level designComment:I have seen this game recommended at many places so I thought I'd get it and test it out. The story starts in a cool and interesting way but gets weaker, the lore seems a bit underused as you continue. Apart from the bosses (who actually get some backstory text) there aren't that many enemy types. The short campaign covers it up but overall the mob fights become repetitive. The game shines more in the boss fights, especially the later ones. While the combat is nice I personally I enjoyed the narrative the most. Trying to trick the game but realizing your steps were already expected is great. In this way it reminds me of Stanley Parable (as others have mentioned) although I would say SP took more effort in branching and hiding the narrative/events. Still, the game is fun and annoying the narrator is the best part of the game. And actually you need to invest yourself in it because the fighting/brawler core of the game is rather short. The game was designed for mandarin voiceover with option for English subtitles. Couple of subtitle sections are weirdly worded and/or formated (in the descriptions of the achievements too) but overall the translation is good. The recently added English voiceover isn't strong but unlike some other people I don't find it bad. You have to remember that this is an indie game on a budget. For people curious when does Stephanie Joosten talk - it's in the hidden/true ending. As a brawler I found it decent but mainly it's the narration that elevates the game, so keep this in mind.  To summarize - this game was quite fun and I recommend it to anyone who'd like an interesting experience.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
76561198013161568,Recommended,553640,29019256,Posted: 4 January,all,Railgun,"Let's face it, Icey isn't really a video game, it's an experience.This game could be the child of Inside and Portal, since the feeling you get while playing is pretty much similar.It really understands the psychology of a gamer and what makes a game a game.I'm really impressed with the work that was put into this game with the dialog and some of the scene.While the game is overwhelmingly story-oriented, let's not forget that this is also a really good action game.The fighting feels great, the difficulty is well-toned and it's a lot of fun.However, I wouldn't advise this game if you don't intend to go and search for all the achievements, since they're basically what makes this game good.I really recommend this game if you have a few hours to dump into a thrilling experience."
76561198009739807,Recommended,553640,28294810,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,B34rDy,"Came to this from a recommendation by Totalbiscuit and I was not disappointed.Tight gameplay, challenging as you want it to be and keeps you guessing.For this price, you may as well give it a go!"
,Recommended,553640,28350969,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[MoS] Naelok,"So this game is a strange combination of Mega Man Zero and the Stanley Parable.It's Mega Man Zero in the sense that you are a robot with a ponytail and a sword that reduces other robots into scrap. Fights are pretty free form, with many options for different combos that chain together pretty smoothly. While the game could certainly do with a bit more enemy variety, the fights are challenging enough to make you think tactically about when to dodge, when to do a ground combo or when to take to the sky to perform aerial attacks. I went through the game on 'Hard' and found it to be moderately challenging, but never overly difficult.If I had one criticism it'd be that the air spin combo is a bit too strong, especially versus the giant bosses. More evasive/human sized bosses (like the fourth boss ""Jack"") would have been nice.The story meanwhile is sort of remarkable. The basic contention of the storyline is the level design is pretty open with lots of hidden pathways to explore, but there's a narrator who puts grey arrows everywhere and tells you to strictly follow them. If you don't follow the arrows, the narrator gets mad at you and you get a pretty wide range of reactions, some funny and some disturbing, much like the Stanley Parable.Now at first the game across as being just a silly meta commentary on game development. There are letters from disgruntled company employees and whatnot. Funny stuff and all... but for every comedy bit, you are also given a little snippet of something more. Subtle hints of a terrifying truth that's behind all the laughs. I haven't 100%'d a game since Witcher 3 Blood and Wine, but I was all too happy to dig through this one and find everything I could, and the true ending left me feeling satisfied while simultaneously wanting more.It's fun. It's smart. It's 15 dollars. Grab it."
76561198055075965,Recommended,553640,29640785,Posted: 1 February,all,Chaotic Neutral 40,"Although very short, ICEY proves to be way more than a game but more of a special experience.  Although the gameplay and combat is pretty good, the experience centers around the narrator, the secrets, and exploring everywhere you can think of.  I beat this after only 4 hours, but it was some of the best hours I ever spent on a game.  Get this, and play out every little scenario.  You will not be disappointed at all.And remember to put that narrator in his place as often as possible."
,Recommended,553640,28134031,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrGammash,"A good action side-scroller. The narrative style is inspired by games like The Stanley Parable where the narrator keep telling you to go in a specific direction but you have the option to totally ignore him and go in the other direction, which usually results in an alternative ending or finding some secret, except it is now in Chinese, and to be honest, the narrator did a really good job to be funny, interesting and to break the fourth wall sometimes.The fighting looks awesome but I hoped to have more combos and a greater variety of enemies. Overall the game felt too short. It took me around 6 hours to achieve all endings. The gameplay is very linear if compared with a game like Guacamelee where the games allow you to freely roam around and move from place to place except you need to go the specified area to advance the story.In Summary. ICEY is a very good and funny game except it is short, and also there is the issues with the combos and the somewhat limited variety of enemies, but that is just my opinion. ICEY is good game go try it."
,Recommended,553640,26687081,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MirrolingFaulse,五个小时全成就应该可以详细谈一谈这个游戏了首先是动作系统横版动作类似胧村正，加入了一闪设定和吸魂全屏斩设定中间有些需要时机把握的动作用QTE将动作串联起来，打起来非常爽快但是，太简单了即使是困难难度，主角的性能实在是太强了全程无敌的连续闪避配上无视距离的一闪反击主角就是无敌的存在，而且一闪后还能立即接上一个全屏斩，秒天秒地简直闪避+一闪的组合有多强？你玩熟练了就会感觉不是你在敌人攻击前一瞬间闪避而是通过不断闪避往敌人的攻击上撞，然后出QTE一个大伤害的一闪，然后大伤害的全屏斩连续几轮BOSS和敌人就全灭了普攻强攻击？换血必杀技？分身斩和各种不同连招？都没有卵用在我死了几轮用正规方法干掉杰克以后幡然醒悟，我只要OOO然后L然后J出全屏斩就好了啊如果需要提高游戏性，或许缩短下闪避的无敌时间会让“困难”难度更加名副其实最大的亮点是旁白君全篇你其实都要和他对着干，想方设法对着干才好他让你选择，你就不选，他让你走，你就是不走，他让你跳过去，你非得跳坑里，他让你走这边，你一定走那边然后听他气急败坏的吐槽，相当愉悦啊而且会因此解锁许多重要的信息，能够更加清楚地了解世界的架构隐藏关里旁白君和最后的艾希是亮点可惜艾希的CV……对不起……我听得时候一下子破功了……剧情属于比较隐晦的介绍的方式很像黑魂和血源的那种模糊描述，不过也能大概猜出发生了什么总体上还是非常有趣的深度也是有的，值得挖挖总结：优秀的动作设计+旁白的与关卡岔路的巧妙结合，隐藏要素的展现方式相当新颖有趣++有趣的吐槽，玩着不会无聊+关于选择与脱离的“自由哲学”的剧情，很有意思+战斗方式过于单调，或者说不够平衡，闪避一闪太强-艾希的CV-流程太短，故事描述的过于隐晦-国产游戏中的惊艳之作，创意和玩法都很优秀，值得支持希望能带来更多这样的游戏！
,Not Recommended,553640,32790677,Posted: 25 June,all,sorathecrow,"Fun game, very pretty art.  But I'm wondering when the story starts.  It leans very heavily on the Stanley Parable ""Obey/disobey the narrator"" premise, but there isn't a lot to it beyond that.  The world doesn't feel like it has a lot of depth, just empty themed zones, there are no characters besides your silent protagonist and the narrator.Disobeying the narrator at every turn was actually really unsatisfying after the very early novelty wore off, since it just craps out an ending where it tries to guilt trip you for killing an enemy model I'm *pretty sure* I didn't actually kill earlier.  It's actually funny that they take that approach to the ending, since you have no choice in engaging in fights--it'd be interesting if you could just avoid fights entirely, but you can't, so an ending where you get critized for killing something seriously falls flat.The game basically sets you on a very simple goal: find Judas.  And it expects that goal and the interplay between you and the narrator to be all you need to get through the game as you trawl through screen after screen of fairly generic enemies and nothing but the narrator to add any kind of character to the setting."
,Recommended,553640,28608660,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Akka,"Absolutely hilariousThe skeletal framework of this game isn't anything new to an avid game player. You've got a 2D platformer with branching paths and a dozen endings, with combo based combat you steadily buff not unlike Devil May Cry.What sets this game apart and makes it amazing is the narrator. This is one of the most hilarious mother ♥♥♥♥ers I have ever heard in a video game ever, and he delivers all of his lines in Chinese! You can go out of your way to irritate him and let me say to youMy sides exploded into space.The time I spent playing this game just FLEW by. I had no idea that I had spent ten hours exploring every route. I wasn't doing it to beat this game. I genuinely wanted to hear every single line the narrator had to say.The fact that the game is hilarious is in itself somewhat of a spoiler, but I couldn't do this review any justice without explaining what compelled me to keep marathoning this champion of a game. I only wish I'd played this game sooner!Oh and don't Youtube it like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The developer deserves your money and the reactions are waaay more visceral when you explore them for yourself. This is like the first original and good thing from China since ever."
76561198064320788,Recommended,553640,26721572,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Azurean,"This game is a good action brawler. Very conventional in its gameplay - alternate light and heavy attacks for combos, dodge roll/counter, finishing moves, money to upgrade skills... You've seen all that hundreds of times, but it's well done and fun. The visuals and musics are beautiful as well.One issue is that the counter is powerful. REALLY powerful, and the end-game difficulty is balanced around it. Early game you'll have fun using long flashy combos on weak enemies, but later they become immune to stun and will wreck your health bar if you stay near them for more than half a second. The best strategy (including bosses) is to stay half a screen away and dash counter their attacks on reaction, which makes the gameplay too passive and reactionary.The narrator tells the story of ICEY, fighting the evil Judas who tries to destroy the world. But it's made very clear that the narrator is unreliable, and that the story is far less manichean than it looks. You have to follow the arrow, so of course you'll have many occasions to go the other way and make the narrator freak out, Stanley Parable-style. It will lead to a few funny easter eggs (coming ""accidentally"" to an unfinished level, reading the developers mails...) but nothing that impacts the ending. Considering the ""normal"" ending I'm pretty sure there's another one, but I've checked every nook and cranny without finding it, and I can't ask on the discussion forum since 95% of it is chinese.It doesn't matter too much, even as an action game it's extremely solid, and the meta-humor is just icing on the cake. On top of that it's low-price, so I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,553640,29055414,Posted: 6 January,all,Noop,"I loved the hell out of every minute playing this game. Definitely placing as one of my top 5 favorite indie games of all time. The combat reminded me so much of Muramasa and I absolutely loved the Stanley Parable style narration and choices. It's extremely difficult to explain in a review why the game is so good. It's like The Stanley Parable where you have to experience it for yourself to see what someone like me is talking about. The game isn't for everyone unfortunately. If fast pace combat (Bayonetta, Ninaja Gaiden, etc) isn't your thing, you probably won't enjoy this."
,Recommended,553640,29534771,Posted: 27 January,all,GreySox,"Meta-game within an enjoyable 2D action sidescroller. Get it when it's on sale and spend a good 7-8 hours plugging away trying to find all the nooks and crannies you can explore in order to get all the acheivements. If you're looking for a modernized version of something like the freeware gem Iji, then look no further.The game was originally in Chinese and has been translated, so if you're a fan of reading subtitles over a pretty decent voice acting narrarator, then give it a go.If the game were twice as long I wouldn't hesitate to recommend for 20$, but on sale it's a steal."
,Recommended,553640,32821508,Posted: 26 June,all,DskillerBR,"Brilliant game, funny narration, very active gameplay...But too short, shouldnt take more than 4 hours to get a 100% completion, and arround 1 hour to complete de story. Price is great for it's content tho, worth every penny."
76561198014248729,Recommended,553640,27790280,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BeneChaotica,"Time Played at review's writing: ~2 hoursJeez, this game...Okay, so, it's a Meta-Narrative 2D Action Platformer.  You start the game and think to yourself, ""Okay, a lot of this narrative is gonna be told old-school, through the on-screen actions of the performers, cool.""  Then you beat the first boss, and everything gets turned on its ear.  Suddenly, you're kicked back out to the title screen after seeing faux error messages and a 'system reboot.'  That's where the real game, and the real narrative, begins.Now, clearly, I have not discovered a lot of what this game has to offer just yet.  But I'm already rockin' close to half the achievements, so it's probably a fairly short game.  That definitely works against it, but, and this is a big but, it's a compelling game.There's not much else I can say that isn't spoiler-y, unfortunately, but I'll say stuff anyway, so if you don't want spoilers, from this point on, you've been warned.The Meta nature of this game is very interesting.  No, ICEY isn't the first game to have done a meta-narrative like this.  It definitely takes some inspiration from The Stanley Parable, in that the game reverse-psychology-encourages you to explore by doing literally the exact opposite of what the narrator tells you.  The narration is in some dialect of Chinese.  I don't know enough to tell you if it's Mandarin or Cantonese, or some other dialect, but I will say, as an English speaker, it's not off-putting.  The subtitles are mostly short and succint, not really detracting from what's on screen, and the bits where the narrator is chiming in because you're not following his instructions are still delivered in such a way that the emotions in the dialogue come across, language-barrier or no.The Action itself is fairly simple, and follows a lot of tried-and-true methods of other spectacle fighter's, like Devil May Cry or God of War.  Major difference here is, there only seems to be a single weapon, unlike the other titles I've mentioned, but the combo's are very satisfying, and once you've learned a few of them, the rest become very intuitive.  For first-time Spectactle Fighter's, this is a great learning point, allowing you to build the skills necessary to get those Triple S combo's in Devil May Cry.The 'Platforming' in this game, I'll argue, is non-existant.  It's a platformer in the most basic sense, where there is stuff to get to, and you have to find a way to get to it...  But it's super easy, since you can dash, along the ground or through the air, indefinitely.  And you know what?  I don't feel like this takes away from the experience at all.  In fact, it's a really important mechanic for finding the secret rooms that this game is just absolutely flush with.  Dashing into the sky to make sure there's an actual ceiling and nothing above you is really important for finding some of the secret areas, many of which I've already found, and many more I'm bound to find, I'm sure.  The infinite dash seems like it could break combat, but it doesn't at all, since most of the enemies move around quite a lot, making dashing good for closing distance, but that's about it.  Though, spamming it around to get the dodge attack could be a little cheesy, but I haven't been able to get that tactic to work reliably.Speaking of the combat again, the animations are lovely.  Most of the enemy stuff is pretty well telegraphed, so getting the Dash-Riposte is generally more about skill than luck, but some of it is still twitch-reflexes, with some enemy attack animations being decidedly shorter than others.  Again, as a learning point for Spectacle Fighters, this game is a great starting point because of that, since -most- of the enemy attacks are fairly well telegraphed, but all but the most basic enemies tend to have at least one attack that's nearly insta-fire and requires that internalization of the animation and the twitch-reflexes to reliably counter.  The character animations are great too, and ICEY herself looks fantastic, almost like something out of Shadowrunner, a sci-fi samurai.The music isn't top-tier, but it's certainly not bad.  While a bit repetitive, it's not invasive, so once you get to that point where you've heard the same track 25 times, you tune it out instead of hating it and wishing it would die.I kind of love everything about the art-style.  It's sort of new-agey, almost in the vein of anime, but distinctly different and unique.  On top of some of the weirder elements of the art-style, like the very clearly 3D rendered computer monitor that makes up part of the meta-narrative, to the flashing images of real eyes in the monitor room, to the reptilian eye that covers your screen in the Monitor Room when meeting the Yellow King, this game takes several strange, disparate elements, and somehow makes them all feel like they belong.And getting back to the narrative, at least to where I'm at, the game doesn't try to blow your mind too hard.  I think this is a good thing.  I'm not saying it won't blow your mind, (or mine, when I get there,) but I am saying that it's content to let it build, let you see some weirdness and go, ""Okay, what,"" then sweep that under the rug for a while and let you get back into the rhythm of the action, waiting for the right moment to blow you away.  It's not crazy and it doesn't throw shock-factor into the mix, like some games in this vein do or could.  Instead, it actually is building an interesting, compelling narrative that compels you to try and figure out just what the hell is going on.  And it does it subtly, with every little thing appearing to be a hint or a clue, but certainly, some if it is bound to be red herrings.  And on that point, the writing is just superb, leading you by the nose just enough to keep you curious, but not so much as to make you feel like the action is a slog to find the good part of the game.All said and done, I really can't recommend this game enough.  As a huge Spectacle Fighter fan, I worried that the combat might be too shallow for me, but it's incredibly satisfying, and the strange narrative makes every encounter and every challenge feel like just that, a challenge worth overcoming in order to discover what weirdness lies around the next corner.  Or, you know, on the next screen.  Add in the keen sense of humor that'll absolutely hit home for any hardcore gamer, and you've got yourself a real diamond in the rough.I bought ICEY on sale for 10$.  Even with a lot of good games, it's not often that I say this, but I actually wish I'd bought it at full price...  Which I think would've only been like 11$, but still, I absolutely think the Developer deserves every penny of that.  More even.  Knowing what I know now, I'd honestly pay 20$ for this game without reservation or regret.  If you're a fan of 2D brawlers, spectacle fighters, meta-narrative games, or cool art styles, buy ICEY."
,Recommended,553640,30883620,Posted: 1 April,all,Synth3D,"• Stunning art style and cyberpunk seting• Meta story similar to The Stanley Parable which involves multiple endings• Stefanie Joosten voices ICEY, Quiet from Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain• Fun hack and slash gameplay with many different combinations and upgrades• Amazing soundtrackICEY is a great game from a small independent development team and if you enjoyed NieR: Automata or Bayonetta, think of ICEY as the little sister to these titles. ICEY is well worth the price of admission, a well worthy addition to Steam and the hack and slash genre."
,Recommended,553640,26647369,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tetsuo9999,"Great art and solid gameplay. A game that came out of nowhere, but will hopefully carve its niche. The gameplay is fast, fluid, and well-designed. Sadly, the unskippable cutscenes/narrative disrupt the pace of the game and might make subsequent playthroughs difficult. Very few cutscenes are skippable, and it's not as linear as you'd think. If you want a simple action game with no interruptions, this won't scratch that itch sadly. I'll update this review as I continue playing, but hopefully an ""arcade"" mode without all the interruptions is in the cards, as the gameplay really shines. For those who enjoy narrative, the virtual reality plot seems to be interesting and is also translated coherently.UPDATE - I seem to have finished the game, but since there's almost no English information on this game, I assume I've beaten the last boss.Combat - Fluid and responsive, with some minor flaws. Anyone experienced in the genre shouldn't have much trouble with this game, but it does suffer from some poor balancing. Every grab attack in the game has almost no tell, which can lead to a lot of cheap hits. Also, the one humanoid boss has tons of moves with almost no startup, rendering most of your moveset useless. The giant bosses are much more fair, but this is more a result of the motion tweening used to animate the game more than the actual game design. The developer nailed the zen-like feeling when the player is doing everything correctly, which is something not many indie developers can say.Narrative - Being able to go off the beaten path and anger the narrator is fun, but the unskippable cutscenes will really reduce any replay value this may have. The game feels like it wants to both have a heavy narrative and also be a gameplay-heavy game, but doesn't seem to find a good balance. Anyone (like me) who just wants solid gameplay will get annoyed with the cutscenes on a second playthrough or an achievement cleanup run, while players who enjoy the well-written narrative might have trouble with the action sequences. If this game receives post-launch support, hopefully a mode that focuses on the combat and/or skippable cutscenes are added.Music - Top notch. Hopefully the soundtrack is made available for purchase.Length/Replay Value - About 4-5 hours, which accounts for finding most secrets and a few boss deaths. There doesn't seem to be a New Game + mode, but you're given the option to go back to any cleared level via a menu. As I said before, the cutscenes will bog down on any replay value this has. For the asking price, it's a good value for anyone seeking a high quality action game that also won't be a large commitment to finish.While I think there's an extra boss that I haven't fought yet, I've seen the rest of the game, so i can definitely recommend it for the low base price. It will take some patience to deal with the cutscenes if you're going for all the secrets, though."
,Recommended,553640,28435742,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CactusPie,"A 2D version of Metal Gear Rising and Stanley's Parable crossover. While the game is good and I recommend it, there are a few things that could be improved. However, let's start with the good things:Pros:- Fast-paced, action-packed gameplay- Good music that fits the setting- Characters and environments are well designed- It's fun to interact with the narratorCons:- Aside from the narrator, the game is completely devoid of any personality. Your main character doesn't speak and neither do the enemies. It would be nice to give them some personality and motives for their actions.- The game is short. The time you see on my review also includes the time I spent replaying a couple of levels that I liked."
76561198051384176,Recommended,553640,26668685,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"A very beautiful and detailed visual styled game. Very quite fluid and smooth in the combat animations. You'll be surprised how well drawn the background and level detail it has.Gameplay is very quick, fast and smooth so a gamepad is recomended as the Keyboard is kinda difficult due to the enemies.It's just very quick paced with the combo whilst dodging the enemies attacks especially when doing a counter but the boss fights is one where you really need to be quick in your actions.The narration I would say, imagine Stanley Parables with lots and lots of easter eggs in the game. Quite the sense of humor but very interesting. The voice acting is in Japanese/Korean (I'm not really sure even though im Asian myself) but the subtitles and game itself is in English.The game itself takes place in a Virtual world but in reality, you are playing a game within an interference hub within your game.Note: Nominated this game for The Steam Awards :PSome screenshots:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=801667559http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=801668771http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=801669383"
,Not Recommended,553640,28287471,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Caldaria,"Not as good as people say (minor spoilers ahead).ICEY is a 2D brawler littered with repetitive meta humor.Every joke follows the same formula: You don't do as you're told and the narrator gets mad at you. Then some random ""funny"" element is added to the mix and you get a tiny piece of cryptic (but boring) background info.I'll be brutally honest: If you've played The Stanley Parable, this game will probably bore you to death.The combat is great fun, until it gets old an hour or two later (enemy variety is very low, though some of the bosses are nice). But the meta elements just don't work. Why?Because this game has actual GAMEPLAY.Meta games tend to have barely any gameplay, to the point where people argue they aren't games anymore.As a result, the meta/humor/narrative takes the spotlight. You simply don't have all that much to do in those games, so you might as well hunt down those narrative parts. They're the driving force behind those games.In ICEY though, you have a solid, enjoyable combat system, as well as an upgrade system.Those clash heavily with the meta elements, because they stop you dead in your tracks - in an action game.The action pumps you up (especially on hard mode), but then the game forces you to listen to some lame joke for several minutes, killing all your momentum with trivial rants. And yes, it always goes like ""Why aren't you listening? Are you stupid? Why won't you do as you're told? I worked so hard on this!""Sound familiar? That's because it is - and it repeats over and over again.ICEY is the ""funny guy"" who keeps telling the same joke all night long.It gets old quick.Speaking of lame jokes: I am sure the humor works well in Chinese, but without an English voice actor to sell those lines, you might as well not bother at all. Not a single moment worked for me. None.Instead of being entertained, I was wondering how much fun Chinese people must be having with the game.I am also very versed when it comes to meta-level content in videogames (Stanley, Talos, Pony Island, the list goes on), meaning the novelty had worn off for me before I even started playing the game.Sadly, ICEY adds nothing new to the mix. It doesn't take any risks and it doesn't try anything interesting. It doesn't iterate, it copies. All it does is take some of those old jokes and recycle them over and over again.There is a moment when the narrator's phone rings, and it is used TWICE, in two rooms next to each other, and both times for two different jokes. Haha, his phone is ringing. So funny when it happens for the second time about two minutes later. Yes, both jokes take vastly different turns, but it still feels cheap and unimaginative - in a freaking game about meta humor, where creativity MUST be king at all cost. The only time I nearly, barely chuckled, was when someone got shot (I am not even joking).Another issue I'm having is the way sound is handled.The soundtrack is pretty badass if you're into electronic music.But for some reason, the devs failed to make the tracks loop properly.I am not sure if it's my PC or just how the game works. But if you can't even loop your music properly, don't even think about receiving a thumbs up. This is as basic as it gets.""Luckily"", I've had far bigger issues with the game's design. So thumbs down for it regardless.It's a real shame. Because after all those raving reviews and impressions by people I actually like and respect, ICEY turned out to be a decent (but way too small and short) action game that uses old and outdated meta humor as a crutch.Both, the narrative and the gameplay, are severely lacking in depth and variety.I wish the devs had settled on one of the two, rather than both. Because this is neither solid, nor liquid.It's average at best. But I am not that forgiving.I had high hopes for this game, but ended up terribly underwhelmed and disappointed.Yeah, you can buy it if you want. It's not that much of a waste.Just be aware that people with more experience are unlikely to find anything of interest in ICEY.If you haven't played Stanley, chances are you're going to have a good time.Mine was very mixed though. The only thing I enjoyed was the gameplay, but there simply wasn't enough of it."
76561197986902042,Recommended,553640,27249119,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stormo,"The Short of It:As much an experience as it is a game, ICEY is at its core a side-scrolling beat-'em-up with some very light RPG elements and a lot of potential to irritate the narrator in his frantic attempts to get you to follow his precious arrows. The gameplay is solid if not spectacular, and the story, while sometimes tripping over itself, provides for a nice backdrop. ICEY's true strength, however, is its interaction with the player as he or she navigates through the world and either follows the narrator along, or disobeys him.The Long of It:ICEY awakens in a lab (unless you choose for her not to awaken) and begins her journey to defeat the mysterious Judas and his cohorts. All she has at her disposal is a luminous sword, a weak shield generator and a lot of agility. As the player, you decide where ICEY goes and how she reacts to the narrator's prompts. If you decide to let her go along the path the narrator sets, she will simply proceed through the storyline, but where's the fun in that?ICEY's journey takes her through sewers, towns, forests and eventually up, up, and up into the spire of the Clock Tower. She encounters enemies, mini-bosses and level bosses (as one is wont to do in video games) and only when guided by a quick and capable player can she defeat them. ICEY uses rather standard combo-based beat-'em-up combat, with an emphasis on timed doging, but since the controls are very responsive and the game is somewhat forgiving when it comes to mistakes, the player has plenty of time to learn the system.As ICEY progresses, the narrator will guide her along her path, and as long as she does as he says, ICEY's journey will lead her directly to Judas, the game's mysterious antagonist. However, you as the player, have every reason not to numbly follow the narrator's orders, as items, upgrades, and even entire events await if you stray from the beaten path or simply annoy him for the fun of it.The Right of It:As already mentioned, the game's strength lies in the fact that it actively encourages you (even though the narrator usually doesn't) to go off the beaten path and just disobey the directions and orders it gives you, either because you simply want to explore, or because you're deliberately trying to annoy the poor narrator. Most acts of defiance were already thought of by the game before you attempt them, and so the game will usually have an answer ready to whatever defiant or even suicidal idea you've come up with. The game reminds me of the Stanley Parable at times, with the narrator even going as far as to restart the game out of frustration at your insistence to do things the opposite way from what he's intended.ICEY is good-looking most times, and sometimes quite gorgeous. The backgrounds are all hand-painted and the game's lighting effects are flashy and truly add a lot of power to combat. Combat itself is quick, frantic, but rarely unfair (with the exception of the stun-locking problem described below), and smashing the robotic enemies in your way is gratifying, spectacular and impressive. You can truly feel the power as ICEY's neon blue sword cuts the air or makes the ground shake.The Wrong of It:I made the reference to the Stanley Parable before, and it does need to be said that while ICEY's narrator and his capers can be very amusing or thought-provoking at times, ICEY doesn'tquitehit the level of the (admittedly almost impossible to surpass) Stanley Parable. Still, ICEY's strength is that, unlike The Stanley Parable, it actually has gameplay.While it's clear that ICEY's developers have put their heart and soul into the game, there are times in which the story and meta-events do somewhat lose their thread. You'll find yourself frowning at the screen at times because here and there, content is lost because the writers wanted to be profound but forgot to attach meaning to their ponderings. Of course, this is perfectly understandable, given the game's brave attempt at reaching the player and involving him or her actively in the game. ICEY's writing isn't perfect, but it does have the courage to put itself out there, and that's worth a whole lot. Definitely much more than a player can expect from the cookie-cutter, big-budget AAA titles with their predictable and lazy storywriting.ICEY's combat, while fun to play, does have one rather significant source of irritation, and that is stunlocking. It's a shame that while Shangai Fanta Blade put so much love into their game, they forgot to realize that nobody -nobody- likes to have his or her character stunlocked while enemies whale on her. The flying eye enemies who shoot laser beams are notorious for their stunlocking in this game, and they are literallyeverywhere, sniping at you with lasers and making ICEY unable to stand up while other enemies pile on the damage. It's an ugly stain on an otherwise exciting and fluent combat system.ICEY is also somewhat short (and can be perfected in a little over seven hours, as you can see, with every achievement unlocked), but this does help the game not overstay its welcome, and after all, seven hours of fun for €12 is not a bad deal, especially if you can nab the game when it's on sale.Also, this has become pretty much a given in the genre, but you really do need a controller to play this game decently. Attempting it with just a keyboard is asking for frustration.The Last of It:ICEY is a very short game if you follow the narrator, but you should know better than that by now. It's a very decent game its own right, quite worth the €12 price tag, but its meta elements lift it a notch above other side-scrolling beat-'em-ups. If you're not a fan of this kind of game design, you might still want to give ICEY the benefit of the doubt on account of its beautiful design and fast, visceral combat."
,Recommended,553640,28016277,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lord Scrubington II,A huge step forward and a shining example for Chinese game developers.Fun combat with some very entertaining narration that follows it around.This was 10 dollars well-spent.Edit:The bonus ending scene was a masterful display of artistry. Very touching too.
,Recommended,553640,26691966,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,El Mirador,"If you mix Oboromuramasa, The Stanley Parable and Pony Island together, you get ICEY.Of course, the battle might not be fluent as Oboromuramasa, the writing & narration might not be intriguing as The Stanley Parable, the visual & UI design might not be impactive as Pony Island, but ICEY still did a great job blending all the essence together, thus makes it quite unique and fun to play.Recommended."
76561198040837514,Recommended,553640,26759515,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brudda,"ICEY is an excellent action game.  I highly recommend purchasing this game.The game is linear in that you progress from one stage to the next until you reach the boss.  There are optional paths that you can take and secret areas that you can search for along the way.  You have a narrator that talks to you occasionally as you play, guiding you basically, and you can choose whether to listen to him or not.The combat mechanics are good and very satisfying to execute combos.  Not much else to say here the combat is just really well done.My gripe with the game is the lack of other game modes.  The story mode is very short, It can be beaten in like 2-5 hours depending on skill and difficulty level.  But that's it, there is nothing else to do except going through the game again and finding secret areas.  This game sorely needs a game mode where all you do is fight enemies since combat is one of the defining features of the game.Overall it was a great experience and was worth the money despite the length of the game."
76561198065646156,Not Recommended,553640,32963736,Posted: 28 June,all,123,"ICEY is a fun and challenging game with great visuals and animations. ICEY follows an android and a Stanley Parable-like narrator who occasionally interjects in sake of story. In general I loved the game, but the reason why I do not recommend this game is due to its story. ICEY's story is very linear and fixed, having our protaganist find ""Judas"". The narrator guiding us onto the ""right path"". But that's basically it. Despite the game's description gives the idea of questioning the story's path or exploring new routes, you really aren't rewarded for doing so. Many of these side routes and ""easter eggs"" lead to a end screen and loss of progress. You recieve nothing for exploring maps and it becomes a waste of effort and time. As someone who was led into the game due to the butterfly effect-like mechanic of the game I was very disappointed when I was penalized for trying to explore.The narration was very unnecessary, it was poorly timed and tried very hard to guilt trip you for deciding to do something, or in some cases, not do something. In one case I was forced to main screen due to not killing a non-combatant, losing 20 minutes of gameplay. Understanding that it's the result for not following the storyline, it's just that they never gave me a motive to kill said character; all they said was that she's Judas's associate.TL;DR The game's mecahnics were fun loved the comboing and the fluidness of the animations and attacks, but the premise and story of the game were very contradicting and led to unintentional pondering about the story itself. Infuriating forced end game screens with lack of reward paired with bad level designs and checkpoints made the game very unenjoyable. I'd recommend to those for mechanics but not for story."
76561198046184992,Recommended,553640,33541664,Posted: 14 July,all,BadFeungShui,"One of the worst things you can possibly do for a narrative game wherein the player is a participant is to tell the player that they are a participant. And in that respect, ICEY commits to itself a great disservice.From a bare bones standpoint, ICEY is a great action game. The gameplay is like a 2D adaptation of the original ""Devil May Cry,"" with the same fast pace and relentless enemies that each offer different dangers. The enemy variety is a little small, but considering the game's relatively short span, it doesn't have quite long enough for repetition to set in and begin to annoy. The boss fights are exciting, the visual design is nice, and the levels are very secret heavy. All in all, great action game.However, ICEY bills itself very plainly as a ""META experience in disguise."" And as I may have slightly mentioned in my opening paragraph, this is absolutely the worst thing it could possibly do.I realized that I went into the game with a completely different mindset than I would have if I hadn't been bald-facedly told to defy the narrator at every turn. I like the hidden plot and its reveals, the way that the game world is designed as being sort of a giant scavenger hunt. But selling the game in the opening pitch as being similar to The Stanley Parable means that, no matter what might happen, there are no real good, meaty surprises. Because the player's mind is already tuned up to expect that he or she will be participating in a story that's going to get weird.This doesn't mean that I disliked ICEY, I'd still reccomend it. But in truth, I'm simultaneously disappointed; even the best twists and turns the game has on offer are undercut by the sales pitch. If only the developers/publishers hadn't been so enthusiastic as to spoil the nature of the game, it could have been that much more."
,Recommended,553640,29433519,Posted: 22 January,all,Bakunawa,"Before I get into the review, let me first make a brief statement: This game is short. Relatively speaking, of course.As you can see, my playtime is only 4 hours and I was able to completely obtain every achievement and see the true ending in that time. While this may not be a long game, the story and gameplay are phenomenal. The action combat feels very satisfying; when you counter a projectile and dish out punishment or finish off a weakened enemy then use the generated crystals to perform a screen-wide blast attack you will feel like a real master. However, combat can quickly devolve into a dodge-fest and you will sometimes find yourself in a position where multiple things will attack you and it will be hard to escape. But, I guess this just adds to the combat.The story itself is presented in a clever way as well. You have a Narrator, who guides you through the game. You can follow his arrows...or take your own path. Usually branching off into secret areas or interesting dialogue, even some of the game's endings.However, some of these endings are key to understanding the true story of the game. They are presented as cryptic dialogue that is typed on a computer monitor. If you were to piece all of these text windows together you would get the real backstory of the game and it's world (thank you screenshot button).All in all, a very fun and exciting experience for it's (moderately) cheap price AND a free soundtrack of the awesome music.My Final Score: 4.8/5"
,Recommended,553640,34053589,Posted: 5 August,all,General Beatrix,"First off ICEY is really fun. It's not an action game that's difficult, but it is an action game with an interesting story. At it's base it seems like it's just fun to ""ignore the Narrator"" and do whatever you want for fun, but the exploration is important as it bring in story elements both in the game and 4th wall breaking. Ignoring the Narrator let's you find truths to an otherwise boring journey to reach an end. It'll poke fun at how modern players take games for granted. The story is mostly told in the post screen of you grabbing achievements and exploring random thing. The story draws a lot of references to the Cthulhu Mythos and some from scattered gods in the real world."
,Recommended,553640,31442438,Posted: 29 April,all,Cyriel_,ehm...as you can see.. i have quite a  bit of gameplay in icey. behold my frustration*joy*
,Recommended,553640,28324788,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Laiyenu the Bloodgaru Queen,"This game is amazing, WELL Beyond the price of $11.You want Great OST? Great Combat? Sick Challenge? Humor via the Narrator? This is your game.Pro'sAmazing OSTCombat is fluid, Attacks feel Heavy AF (especially Finishers)Narrator is amusing when you choose to play your way and ignore him (much like Stanley Parable)Leveling up skillsCon'sHad a minor FPS issue but it was only about 3 seconds and may have been on my end (gtx950)Wish the Narrator had an english voice over, some of the intense fights had dialog and having to read while dodging was annoyingI highly recomend on playing it on Hard as Easy is just really really easy.Pretty short game"
,Recommended,553640,34769975,Posted: 5 September,all,peterpower049,"A small game well worth the small price. Will you hours and hours of play time, once you get going it's hard to stop after you start to find secrets scattered throughtout the game. HIghly recommend this is game to anyone looking for a cheap hack and slash. 10/10"
,Recommended,553640,32322201,Posted: 10 June,all,1nonly,"Great side scroller, but a very, very short game.  There is not a lot to see here past completion but the 2D combat is exciting and amazing while it lasts."
,Recommended,553640,31640479,Posted: 8 May,all,⛎~『♊SpoopyRipey♊』~⛎,"ICEY left a...sweet and sad taste in my mouth. I saw the store page back in 2016 and thought ""Neat, An Action META game. Too bad I don't have enough money."" And so, I added it onto my wishlist and forgot all about it and spent my money on hats.A year later, I came back and saw this was in my wishlist. Knowing my birthday was around the corner, I decided to buy it.I immersed myself into the world that ICEY and the Narrator exists in. All of the artwork was all beautiful. The tricks I learned like Dashing and Double Jumping. And the story punched me in the heart with feels.The StoryIt depends on what you're going with. But all in all, It's fantastic. The Narrator's struggles of frustration are absolutely hilarious.The Characters(not including the bosses)I liked the Narrator. He was goofy and wanted to lead you to the right path...Wanted...ICEY's character made me cry just a little bit. Which for you, May seem like I don't give 2 craps about story and such but hear me out, A game has never made me cry about a character before. Not even once. The only game, Hell, Character in a game was Noah from Rabi-Ribi. Something just clicked and I felt something in my stomach.It's about the same with ICEY. Even though we, The Player, Know absolutely nothing about her, As she does with us, We build a strong connection to her. We control her on the ""outside"" while she thinks on the ""inside"". You might not understand now but play it and you will understand.The MusicIt's alright in my tastes. I'm not much of a fan for dubstep but I do enjoy it.The GameplayIt's flashy and fast-paced. What would you expect from an Action game?The AnimationsSo well made. It's like a good anime. Not KonoSuba or JoJo animation but it's at the point where it's so simplistic, It's so good.The ConclusionJust buy it. It's so amazing. If a game that made a shell of a human being like me experience emotions after a very long time, It's bound to make you at least feel a connection with a fictional character. I mean, Isn't that the main goal of every game with a story?To make a loveable and relateable character?"
76561198152835283,Not Recommended,553640,29745572,Posted: 6 February,all,Number One,"To be fair, at first and deeper sight, it looks like a great game!The graphics are awesome,the soundtrack is subtile and fits the situation,the story and the enigmatic overall feeling do their parts as well.And most of all: The fighting system looks just epic.BUT and it's a game-changing but, they used all of this the very wrong way.First of all the game is short. I finished it within 6.9 hours, fine, it's ok for that budget and cost ratio.However, if you only play the main story, you will be finished in a LOT less time, like 1.5 hours or something like that.So, why would you only play the main story, when there are so many of achievements to get, so many things to discover?Because, I wouldn't consider the exploration ""playing"".To be short: To get most of the extra content, you have to WAIT.You get 60% of the games content by doing absolutely nothing and ONLY by doing absoluetly nothing.That might be ok again, when there is a story told in that time or something like that. But it isn't.Of my 6.9 hours playing this game, I spent 5 hours WAITING.Second: The rebellion against the narrator is a very nice idea.Thumbs up again... for the try. Because it only remains a try. Acutally all of your rebellish acts follow the same scheme.Guess what? You WAIT. You wait and in the background the narrator is raging, repeating some semi-controverse ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t over and over. After, like 3 hours, you just got it. Ok? May we continue with actual gameplay?Yes, but you have to do the whole part again, because after getting the achievement, you have to restart the level!That's not backtracking, that's even worse.In addition to that, the last three levels consist of parts of the older levels. So you see them a third, in some cases a fourth and fifth time! That's no content, that's content streching.Third: The battle mechanics seem awesome at first sight.But they are not.You have lots of cool and unique moves, looking extremely awesome and having some nice and handy effects.And there is the problem:You can't use them for 80% of the game, because nearly ANY enemy after the first two levels doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the crowd control or the attacks over all and keeps spamming it's own attacks.You get helplessly thrown around by random enemys attacking right in the air.Because you can't move after getting hit for a short period of time.So, you have to use the first two attacks of your first combo and then dodge.And do it all over and over again.That's the key to beat the game.But that's not gameplay. That's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your controller.Let's say over all: The game tried to be an epic, fast, action game with a deep story and rich in variety.But it ended up as the opposite:This game has no gameplay, therefore i can't consider it a game.A waste of potential and time."
,Recommended,553640,26665367,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Teru,"I love this game! I've only been playing a bit so far but I'm already in love. Lots of quirky humour, fun deceptively complex combat, wonderful art and music, AND SECRETS! Secrets, guys! So many I ran into by mistake already, who knows what I'm missing.It's a bit like a 2D Devil May Cry with some Metroidvania to it, that's one thing I could say about it, and that's not a bad thing at all. Very seldom do I find a 2D platformer try this kinda thing out and do it right. Last one I can recall is Dust: An Elysian Tail. This game, however, seems to be much less serious than that and frankly that's a good thing. You can mess with the narrator a la Stanley Parable or you can follow his guidance, either way you'll run into jokes here and there. It definitely rewards exploration and experimentation though.As far as combat the game plays a lot like any other hack n' slash at first. Kill dudes, do fancy combos, you're good.  Right away though you notice that you gotta keep dashing to survive. The dash serves you for both movement and counter attacking. Think of it as a Dark Souls parry with conditionally infinite range. An attack coming? Dash into it, you get a half second to press O[PS3/4 controller] and counter it, you'll instantly be teleported to the enemy and hit them whether it's physical or projectiles. You can survive without this vital knowledge but it's likely you'll get beat up a bit if you neglect it. Be sure to change the controller layout in the Options menu. You can pick between Keyboard, PS3 and Xbox buttons for the tutorials and prompts. It's kind of important.I'm totally not writing this because the developer himself told me to in a secret area, I promise!"
76561198160868511,Recommended,553640,26718120,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"An excellent sylish sidescroller hack'n slash with-Beautiful art style,both stages and enemies are impressive and rich with details and the animations are very good as well.-An amazing soundtrack that compliments the game's fast paced action.-Fast,fluid 60 FPS hack and slash action,the protagonist plays similarly to Vergil from Devil May Cry 3 and 4,but on a 2D plane.-A few interesting mechanics such as the ability to ""parry"" enemy attacks by dashing through them and retaliating with a powerful counter attack and a move that you can use to strike enemies from a distance when they leave themselves open.-Character progression system with many skills to unlock and upgrade.-Hilarious dialogue,going against the narrator's wishes is often rewarded and always leads to amusing reactions.-The game is a bit on the short side,but taking into account the low price and the very high quality of it's content and gameplay,i'm happy that the developers opted for a quality over quantity approach."
,Recommended,553640,27545043,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mika,"I don't think I've ever written a review for a game and for me to do so is a very rare occurance. This game has absolutely brought me joy during every second of playing. It's one of those games where you never get tired of going back and replaying because you think yoy may have missed something. There are multiple possibilities to choose from during your playthrough that it's impossible to get through them all on your first playthrough. The laughs this game have incurred have been ones of pure joy and happiness. I can honestly say that I have never had more fun playing a game over and over and over again, and I will continue to play this game probably until the end of time. This isn't a pro/con list this is just my general opinion and experience from playing the game."
,Recommended,553640,30380243,Posted: 7 March,all,Morgannin,"SUMMARY: ICEY, from front to back, is a tragically short game with minimal replay value once you unlock every achievement, somewhat improved thanks to a free DLC with a sort of wave-based arena level that really challenges your skills. It might put off a lot of potential buyers to know how short it is, even to get everything. But what it hides underneath the exciting combat is a Stanley Parable-type meta story absolutely worth the admission price to experience.GAMEPLAY: ICEY is a 2D sidescrolling brawler beat-em-up, at least on the surface. Gameplay is simple, and whether or not you've played similar games such as Dust, the controls are very easy to learn, and it more becomes a matter of learning enemy attack patterns and how to manage multiple foes at once. As someone who seldom plays these kinds of games, I found it less challenging than I expected, but it's certainly a tricky game to master. Minimal controls means that combat is a matter of applying basic attack combos in the most effective way possible while controlling crowds of mobs around larger enemies and keeping out of danger with coordinated maneuvers (the dodge move does not contain any invincibility frames from what I see, so it's not always so simple.)New skills and modifiers can be acquired and combos can be enhanced through a basic menu at checkpoints, at the expense of cash acquired either through finding secrets or dispatching foes.Level exploration is generally pretty basic. There's very few screens that have more than a left-to-right range of movement, but some screens have multiple exits that can lead to secret rewards or new story alternatives (more on that in a bit). Overall, level complexity is not as deep as some of the more prominent games in the genre, such as Dust, but this simplicity can mislead the player into missing a lot of important secrets.A free DLC lets you unlock an area with an arena-style mode where you square off against numerous waves of stronger versions of all the game's enemies. I've heard there's an extra story bit that comes after surviving the entire onslaught, but I've yet to manage that achievement.STORY: The main story is about as basic as it comes. You control ICEY, a cyborg of sorts who is tasked by the narrator to kill the character Judas, declared the bringer of the apocalypse and master of the robotic soldiers who impede your progress. If you play the story straight and do what you're guided to do, the story never develops. You're just the hero who kills the baddie, huzzah.It is encouraged almost from the beginning to ignore every instruction from the narrator and try to disobey him as much as possible. This leads to a lot of fourth-wall breaking humor between the player, ICEY (who effectively never speaks) and the narrator, who acts as a peculiar combination of master, story-teller and a personification of the developer's frustrations towards the player. It's hard to speak much about it without spoiling things, but suffice to say, his aggressive hand-holding is meant as a clear indication that you should not take his word on anything.Beneath even this bizarre second layer of plot is one that gets very grim, as each ending results in a humorous scene followed by a bizarre text scrawl that slowly reveals the motivations of the in-game bosses, none of whom speak throughout the entire game. The unlockable ""true"" ending is a truly Deus Ex kind of moment that really needs to be experienced before one finally puts down this game.Each ending can be completed in a fairly short amount of time, but after each ending the game allows you to pick a checkpoint to start over from if you know where you want to start again. This level list is not available from any other menu in the game, unfortunately, but it's also possible to skip back to later-game areas in short order once you know how.Overall, a short but sweet game with a lot of depth for the eager explorer, and satisfying brawler combat to boot."
,Recommended,553640,29828087,Posted: 10 February,all,Pike27,"Let me say this: ICEY is incredible.Inspired by 2D action games, it plays similar to Dust: An Elysian Tail. ""What is so special about it, then?"", you might ask. Well, the narrator breaks ""the fourth wall"" - he talks, engages with the player as few games have done before.""ICEY knows that if she follows the arrow she'll get where she wants to be"", says the narrator. What about the other way? Is there something behind this huge wall?Yep. There is always an alternate way.We don't have to follow the arrow, and that is the main aspect of the game. The narrator challenges the player with his dialogue, making us feel rewarded, guilty, even sorrow for him.I must also say this game is short. Even though it is quite short, it is still worth its price, for all the laughs it made me have."
,Recommended,553640,26671745,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Tenjin,"I'm a sucker for cyberpunk, that DOS/CRTmonitor interface effect that I've seen and love in a few games now, and H.P. Lovecraft references, so this didn't have to go to far past that to impress me, but it did.ICEY is a refreshing meta game pushing the boundaries of expectation within games, yet in a way in which is still has beautiful graphics and fast-paced gameplay, and is riddled with humor.There are multiple references to external media, philosophical questions, and rapid action gameplay. The game references H.P. Lovecraft, Silent Hill, The Yellow King, 1984, and more that I'm finding the deeper I go.This game surprised me a lot for the price. There are still some glitches I encountered, but the experience of the game as a whole has been enjoyable enough that I can look past them. The easter eggs are very interesting, and fun to discover. Reminds me of The Stanley Parable, The Talos Principle, and of course metroidvania style games."
,Recommended,553640,31567529,Posted: 5 May,all,Fiji,"Compelling storyline, basic game mechanics easy to get used to on K+M, nice addition of an English translation/subs as well as the original Chinese edition and, if all of the former wasn't enough to convince you, free DLC given by the generous creators. Happy days.If you're a fan of The Stanley Parable, you'll feel at home."
76561197980310707,Recommended,553640,29135914,Posted: 8 January,all,Locke,"So what is Icey? Is Icey worth your time? Or the favorite question: Do I do the buy?Now, full disclaimer, I bought and played this game to run on my channel, you can see the first episode here if you want to see what some footage actually looks like and my initial reactions:https://youtu.be/2OI-qq1BeKwThat put aside I can offer some insight on Icey:First of all, Icey is at it's heart a brawler. Not the sort of brawler like double dragon but more along the lines of Odin Sphere. You move along a 2D plain, and stab things. It's not only a brawler though as this has become some sort of strange love child who's mom is The Stanley Parable.The Narrator is your friend! Or possible the kid you bullied when you were six because your a monster. This is a subtle relaitionship that follows you through the game and reacts accordingly to your actions. This subtly goes in tandem with the actual story of the game, as it follows a sort of dark souls-esque format. There is a lot of stuff going on it won't explicitly tell you, so take close note of what happens, and dig for secrets. Or do what I did and just surf the net for the big ""what the hell was this even about"" moments.Lets break this down to a Pro / Con matter.Pros:Beautiful ArtworkEngaging battle system. Deeper than you likely need in fact, but still approachable.The Narrator reacts to your mischeifA mysterious narrativeCons:It's a bit short**update** So by a bit short, i didn't realize my run was under 3 hours. Its pretty dang short.The story, while mysterious, can easily be lost amongst everything elseIt is somewhat repetitive"
,Recommended,553640,28441159,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lithium the Flux,"What would easily be one of the best 2D action brawlers of the decade made even better by a blending of meta-game akin to that of ""The Stanley Parable"".This game has everything i could want from the genre:  stylish art, awesome music, masterful mechanics, challenging fights, and a great story that's even better if you dont play by it ;PMore people should know about this game, and more people should experience this masterpiece.9/10 - Those laser pods can burn on the surface of the sun!Update: I'm not a fan of the english narrator.  He's so boring to listen to."
,Recommended,553640,28296953,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Nano,"No spoilers -edit means no examples nozza you little♥♥♥♥♥♥I really enjoyed this game, one of the few games that I have aimed for 100% completion.The narrator can get a bit repetitive, but I enjoyed interacting with him and exploring ways to get him to respond. It isn't as deep as The Stanley Parable, but this game isn't just about the narrator.The combat system is very satisfying, fun and intuitive, the story is deep and the ways in which each piece of the story is unlocked is done well. There are a decent number of similar button combos with very different outcomes, all of the animations are great to look at and well made. This game is beautiful to look at as a whole. The soundtrack is fantastic even with the occasional awkward skip from a misaligned track loop.This game was very challenging for me on hard mode (I'm not the most experienced at Beat 'em ups), some of the bosses can be frustrating from the lack of wind up in their attacks. The dodge/counter mechanic is very powerful and as is pretty much the only attack used on hardmode; I found it hard to use consistently on certain enemies.There are some parts where the unskippable dialogue can be annoying. Usually bosses have a checkpoint with a quirky dialogue inbetween or a set of small enemies. This is annoying if you are trying to beat a boss and need multiple tries as you have to fight a small insignificant wave of enemies with no benefit before every attempt, or you have to stand around waiting for dialogue to finish before you can progress to the room with the boss.Some abstractish ratings:Combat: 7.5/10Story & Theme: 9/10Narrator: 6.5/10Aesthetics: 10/10Soundtrack: 9/108/10edit: fixed some of those awkward typos and restructured some parts. ayylmao"
,Not Recommended,553640,32785291,Posted: 25 June,all,Elizabeth Mills,"ICEY is an uttely pedestrian side-scrolling beat-em-up. But you knew that going in, the game tells you as much.What ICEY wants to be is a fusion of Bastion's narrator and something like Pony Island's metacommentary. Unfortunately, it just doesn't get there. The absolute tedium of replaying sections, annoying enemies that stunlock you but don't deal enough damage to be a threat (the fact that the game's most annoying enemies look like Navi does not go unnotied), and the commentary that comes up seldom enough, even if you hunt for it, to be really interesting.Yes, game, you are commenting on the ludonarrative we are currently experiencing. But what do you have to SAY? (nothing. the answer is nothing. the game presents no opinions)I got it during a Steam sale for about $8, and even then I can't justify recommending it. It's just not smart enough, even though it's clear it desperately wants to be."
76561197985812049,Recommended,553640,28151278,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Metalhead,"Short and sweet side scrolling hack and slash/beat em up. 100% completed the game in just under 7 hours. Soundtrack is pretty killer, the combat is satisfying, and the skill upgrade system doesnt require grinding which was nice. Boss fights while they can be short are somewhat challenging - don't expect Dark Souls difficulty here. Narrator is pretty halarious and gets progressively more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as you don't follow along with his ""story"" that he is trying to tell."
76561198284880651,Recommended,553640,26731340,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,请问有没有卖半岛鸡盒,"I would give 5 star for this game. It is fun to disobey narrator's instructions and then the narrator will go beserk, the game's story is also very funny. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,553640,30151720,Posted: 24 February,all,Lethalshot66,"ICEY is a very fun game to play if you like playing sidescrolling games. My only problem with the game is the really awkward controls. It took me awhile to get used to them, but after playing around with them for a few levels it got easier to play. Anyway, if you have a controller, I suggest you use that over the keyboard controls to save you time and make the game easier to play. Even so, the game was a lot of fun to play. If you ever played any of the older Mega Man games, ICEY is a bit similar, but it focuses on purely melee combat. ICEY has no ranged attacks. All of her attacks are done with a sword. Moving on, we have the story next. Honestly, the story is pretty vague. ICEY wakes up in some facility and the narrator tells you she has to chase down JUDAS, a pretty generic bad guy. Without spoiling the rest of the pretty bad story, you must fight your way through several bosses to make it to JUDAS. Sounds pretty boring, right? Well what makes the story at least a bit bearable is the narrator. He'll often make comments about your actions in certain areas that can be pretty funny. For instance, if you don't follow path he has laid out for you, he will complain about ICEY going off on her own and ruining the story. This can lead to some pretty humorous events where you either get a boss to give up before you even fight or completely ignore the path to a boss and enter an area that was supposed to lock down until you beat said boss. Overall I would definitely recommend this game even at full price. The story is pretty bad, but it really isn't meant to be taken seriously. ICEY is just the kind of game you have fun with. And while I may not have mentioned this before, the music in this game is pretty top notch in my opinon. It really fits in with the game and makes the experience all the more enjoyable."
,Recommended,553640,26668509,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MiaMiaMiYa,"9 / 10 as an Indie game.5 hours to full achievement and back to recommend it now!The game has a really awesome graphic, probably one of the best of this kind I ever seen.I really appreciate the main character Icey, or actually I bought the game for her. Well, I love her, and I love her more after playing for a period of time. The actions are fluent and nature and still beautiful enough. She can even blink if you keep her not moving for a while.The enemies are mostly mechanic robots and all of them are well designed. The number of actions of most enemy is pretty huge, but not as nature and fluent. Yet, I still appreciate the design of those robots.The story design of this game is kind of meta game, and I love the narrator very much! The story itself is an unclear story based on somehow the Bible. I do not know it well but still I find it very interesting and attractive. I will give full marks on the story part.The action part, however, is not as good as it appears.The attack feeling is pretty good, yet too quickly to control well. The game provide pretty a lot attack actions, but it turns out that only normal ones are the best, or actually we seldom use the long or hard attack as we do not have a chance. Besides, our main character might appear to be a little stubborn as her dodge is too long to well handle.The feeling of being attack is no more than average. It is hard to dodge on purpose as the speed of the game is too quick, and the range of the enemy is very unclear hard to predict. There is also barely sound effect and background reaction for the enemies, which makes the fight even harder.Even though there are a lot of different actions for each enemy, I see them very repeatedly as they are moving too fast.Yet the game is not hard if you get the rhythm of the fight. In my first game, I beat every boss within no more than 2 times in hard mode.Overall, the speed of the game is too fast and the fight feeling is no more than average.Regardless some bugs and the average fight feeling, the game still worth a nearly full score as a Indie game. (It is not convincing though, as I put my main focus on its disadvantage. :P Well, it is because I love the game so much that I just want it to be better)PS: Please! Change a voice for my little cute lovely Icey! Pleeeeeeeeeeease!"
,Recommended,553640,30404242,Posted: 8 March,all,iCarus,"*Minor spoilers ahead*ICEY is a game about disobedience, choice and the ultimate futility of such choices.I strongly recommend this game for players who enjoy meta-narratives and a moving experience not about the Main Character or the game, but the player him/herself.... or just a wait room simulator.The Chinese voiceover is really great for those who understands it and many inside jokes are only popular in China --I have not done an English playthrough but I'd imagine it's a bit worse (or far worse, as some of the negative reviews have mentioned).Cons:-Hard Difficulty not so hard.-Still can't beat the Pandora Box gauntlet.-F***ing lasers.The Narrator,Windy, is bound by yet another outside force that even he does not realize. The True Ending reveals that his actions to force ICEY to follow down the path is his own path. When he deviates from this path, he himself is forced to ""reset,"" to maintain an as subjective observer as possible to guide ICEY, the Chosen One, to ""success."".No matter what you do, or what the Narrator does, the game is bound to end in one way -- ICEY killing Judas. There is no way one can avert such ending -- and that's not the point.The Narrator reveals truths that many players may not even realize before.Every little ""secret"" room represents a sin (or hobby) many players commit,whether it'd be cheating, purposefully breaking the game, trophy-grabbing, etc,.The Game is designed upon the player's primal urge to discover truth, their endless curiosity to what the game offers, and provides an odd satisfaction whenever the Narrator reveals one of our dirty little secrets.One of the cool things about it is that reading guides on how to get each achievement don't really affect the experience it offers in each particular room.May the Black Star Rise Again."
,Recommended,553640,26703573,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,NIGLET,"9.5/10 - amazing game with very minor issuesI never write reviews but i saw that this was the first game the developer made and i loved it. the gameplay is smooth and the combos are satisfying, the only small issue i have is how the terrain feels incomplete. You walk up some ladders and some of the ""ground"" isn't really there. there are also many locations where you walk into a wall and it makes you stutter while you move in that direction. BUT, as the narrator said, a game is for entertainment and small issues like that should be ignored because the main point of this game is destroying enemies."
76561198007674930,Recommended,553640,28194783,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Fel,"The core gameplay is that of an ""action platformer"" (very little actual platforming, but it controls like one, including the dash-cancel and air combo), with a decent light/heavy attacks for combos, and enough variety in the attacks (once you unlock them for 50 each) to keep it interesting.Add to this a narrator guiding you through the story.Although the narration is in chinese with english subtitles, it really works because the lines are well delivered, instead of a bland monologue.It also helps that the translation is of good quality, as far as I can tell (I am not proficient in chinese at all, but the english lines seem to work).With just this though, the game doesn't take too long to beat, as long as you don't die too much to enemies and bosses, but with this price tag, it's already ok for me.But that's not all the game has to offer (don't spoil yourself by looking at the achievements), because nearly every time the narrator tells you to do something, you can choose to not do it, or to do something else, and it will continue to be narrated, but by an increasingly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥narrator (sometimes he makes fun of you instead).The best part is that all of this ""meta"" is completely optionnal, some of it leading you to zones earlier, some of it being an ""ending"" of sort.Not only are (most of) those parts funny it likes to talk about some informations that are more related to the development of this game (and games in general).As you can probably tell by reading this, I really enjoy playing this game, and the ""meta"" is just right for me to add on top of an already nice game."
,Recommended,553640,28210678,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,wisprr,"Massively fun, sorta sad that there isn't an English Narator option, but even not understanding a word he's saying, the tone and inflection bring SO much more to the captions. I completed it in a single sitting I enjoyed it so much, though did wind up finishing the game and returning a few hours later to give my fingers a rest and then took out the most difficult boss, I hate that guy, so bloody annoying.That's something else, this game IS a button masher, which normally I dislike, but I really didn't notice all that much till my fingers needed a break after goddess knows how many hours of continuous play. Did break one of my keyoard keys from mashing, thankies mechanical keyboards, Cherry switches, and easily poped on/off buttons. ^.-"
,Recommended,553640,26668940,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rinera,"If you thought that Stanley Parable needed amazing fast paced combat... here you go!Well, I wouldn't really go in to details on the matter, but it's right in the description so whatever...Throughout the game there's a narrator talking about what's going on in a fashion EXACTLY like Stanley Parable, and you probably know what that means if you've ever played that game. If not, well, let's just say that you never really know what not following his directions will lead to.Combat! Combat combat combat! Colourful, fast, responsive and puts the slash into the hack and slash as you slash your way through all kinds of enemies. They did everything right to make the combat feel good, so even fighting the smallest and weakest enemies is fun. I suggest chosing a harder difficulty otherwise everything feels like a cake-walk, but it's fun regardless.If you are going to play on a keyboard, after the tutorial concider rebinding the attacks to better positions.With that said though, I wouldn't really call it an RPG (see the tags). There is an upgrade system but that's just an upgrade system, not an RPG element. It's an Action-Adventure hacky-slashy, and it's a damn good one at that."
,Recommended,553640,26734582,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Passing by Rogue,I seeIceyICEY EVERYTHING.a very fun 2d platfomers. The story itself can be very weird if you pursue the true ending but if you just wish to find something to combo around and dash around. This is a good time killerIt a lovecraftian style story. Prepare for madness
,Recommended,553640,32968365,Posted: 28 June,all,mounrou,"Mechanic's solid, like Striders series.Arts, Animations and Voices are solid. Enemy designs are a tad basic but nothing too bad.Meta is weird on the right side of things, though sometimes the writings might just try too hard to insert humors.If you are an archievement hunter though. (Not me BTW) There are just a few trophies in this game that you ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE to even call yourself a trophy hunter. (Still don't get why though.) v=w=vAnyhow. Good, solid, fine game overall."
,Recommended,553640,33918994,Posted: 30 July,all,Jt the guardian,Imagine if the Stanely parable was a 2-d anime action game.
76561198392258931,Recommended,553640,33974939,Posted: 2 August,all,CAI.honour,"It's a very interesting game,and not very hard to get through"
,Recommended,553640,29578313,Posted: 29 January,all,Nomi,"This game was... Unique, different. Since it's my only experience of the kind, i will refrain from criticising it's method of storytelling, instead focusing solely on the length, playability and visual aspects.---Playability: Game's easy, even at hard. Movement is agile and fluid, and it feels rewarding to dash-counter stuff. No complains here. There's a certain very overpowered movement and a bunch of others, not to mention the life steal on executions. Against non-bosses, even without using the overpowered movement, it's essentially impossible to die. Most bosses are also very easy. Overall, not a challenging experience except for that one optional boss which i found pretty hard. Perhaps this is intended so the players can focus on the narrative. Not precisely a negative, but if you are looking for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hard game like, say, Rabi Ribi, look elswehere.Graphics: Plenty of Eye Candy and fancy explosions here. Not to mentions some freaky effects in some events. However, one thing i have to mention is the fact everything in ICEY uses mirrored sprites, which is definitely a minus, not to mention some bosses just feel like palette swaps of earlier ones. Perhaps with a more experienced beta tester this could've been polished a bit more, since the rest of the game makes it very clear that the animation team has what it takes to put out a quality product. I noticed quite a bit of framedrop on the buy upgrades menu and during the tutorial and idol video scenes, which i'm sure can also be improved if they are willing to do so.Length: It was a bit too short for my tastes. No more than 10 hours (with about an hour of idling) and i 100%'d it, something i've yet to do in Rabi Ribi after more than 40 hours.I think of ICEY as a taste of what this devteam can do. With some polishing, i'm sure they can release some amazing games. I give it a 7/10, worth a buy during a sale."
76561198042813347,Recommended,553640,32595654,Posted: 20 June,all,Akninirith,"ICEY is one of the odder particle-accelerator-induced game fusions seen in some time; a blend between the beautiful narrative-driven metagame philosophy of the Stanley Parable and the Metroidvania fighty goodness of the Megaman X franchise. Perhaps more odd is the profound degree that these two apparently disparate identities fit seamlessly together. For what it is worth, there are flaws - some balance issues in combat, relatively minor but noticeable translation eccentricities, and arguable negative impact on replay value due to the nature of the title being foremost - but ICEY's ability to make the player stop and actually contemplate both their role as the player and their identity as an agent of the game's events is commendable. If you want a game that has tight controls and production of a fantastic caliber, here is a title that will meet that end. But it is the fact that you will be thinking about the game even after it has long been shut down which truly compels the author to say ""ICEY should be tried by every gamer at least once"". FantaBlade's pedigree is done a great service here, and any other titles created by FantaBlade will be examined with considerable interest."
,Recommended,553640,27335194,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tsuaii,Best Waifu + Good Combat = 10/10 Game of the Year - IGN
76561198017229379,Recommended,553640,26665669,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lickety Splickety,"The art is great, the combat animations are fluid and impressive. Narrator is funny, and the meta aspects of the game aren't too overbearing. Gameplay is challenging and fun. Real fun."
,Recommended,553640,29566770,Posted: 29 January,all,Jsshinoda,"This game, after just finishing every inch and millimeter of it, is absolutely amazing game for such a simple and cheap price. You can tell a good amount of effort was placed into it and it's not just about the gameplay, but the story and the achievements and everything that it holds. To truly feel like you completed the game, you have to do everything possible in the game, this includes the achievements. I dearly hope they make a sequel or a prequel, something to make a continuation of this game and I hope to see ICEY again later on in life.I highly recommend this game, for achievement completionists, people who enjoy a simple good gameplay, or people who enjoy a nice story. This game as said by a few others, isn't meant to be played, but meant to be experienced. I have never felt so positive about a game to even write a review, let alone feel an attachment for a 2D character.Again, hope to see more and I highly recommend this game, even at full price."
76561198194484597,Recommended,553640,30211186,Posted: 26 February,all,ShadowShatter,Basically if Dust an Elysian Tale and The Stanley parable had a child. If you liked either of those games I would recommend getting it.
,Recommended,553640,28619488,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Paraakie Editor!,"ICEY is easily my favourite game of 2016. It took the Meta-Narrative (the Narrator refers to you as a player and comments on your choices) from Stanley Parable, made it much better to the point where it makes the game really entertaining every time you do something different when as you've got told.Then combine this Meta-Narrative with a challenging and combo driven brawler gameplay and you get ICEY. You'll get to fight a decent variety of enemies and huge number of difficult bosses. However, a lot of content is only accessible if you refrain from listening to your narrator. Thus game length will span from 4 to 7 hours, as there are a lot of secret areas with a lot of narration for you to explore.There are no real downsides to this game, outside of the narration being only English or Chinese. So buy this game already you can't go wrong with the prize of US$10.Game reference:(no spoiler)The visuals are stunning! Buy it!The Producer is famous!! Buy it!There are so many reviews! Buy it!I rate -> ★★★★★"
,Recommended,553640,30206919,Posted: 26 February,all,Formula-9,"Haven't been through all the game as of this review (but definitely planning on doing so!), but I think I can share my opinion on this game.This game is amazingly good. The artstyle is nice, the soundtrack is nice, and gameplay-wise, it's a blast once you figure out how the controls work (some training mode could be nice to practice it, but hey, that's a detail when there are plenty of enemies you could train on). And story-wise, it also feels nice to follow the game, ornot follow the Narrator, and end up in various places, some including funny voiceover, such as that one room in the Sewers.With that said, there should be some form of invincibility, or damage threshold when being hit. What I mean is that: if you get hit by an enemy, then, the others can follow-up on you until you die. While I do think it's okay to be punished for not being careful (many games have that kind of system nowadays), it should still be restricted to a few hits at best, to avoid ""Take a hit, and get stuck in a combo until you die"" situations. It can happen with a few bosses or some enemies, so be careful.So, in conclusion, aside from some hard-to-get-used-to combat system (that is, if you use a keyboard like me), and the possibility to get beaten to death if you're not careful, and unlucky, this game is really, really worth it, and I recommend it (so, congratulations to the developers) !"
,Recommended,553640,26668638,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Icey.,"Bought the game because of the game's title. Didn't really know what I was getting myself into.Icey then trolled the narrator to death.PROS:-The gameplay and plot is great so far, even though I spent a lot of time hunting for ""trophies"".-The Animations are on point! Feels good when attacking and mixing in creative combos you unlock with the money you earn from exploring and killing enemies.-Visuals and art are beautiful and puts you in the right mood that goes alongside with the plot.-Had a good laugh, loads of secret goodies and funnies! Narrator keeps it entertaining, not annoying.-Very well polished game, almost bug-free. Found 1 bug, but not gamebreaking at all.-The soundtrack can get you hyped when fighting enemies.CON:-That one bug I mentioned (odd chance that an explosive mine is a dud.)-I personally find the unskippable typing a bit too slow.Highly recommend you getting this game if you haven't already, it's more interesting than you think."
76561198056874149,Recommended,553640,26720181,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LEO_GO,Do not follow the arrow!I repeat: Do not follow the arrow!
,Recommended,553640,30154649,Posted: 24 February,all,Mister Shine,"Hot damn this is a good game.Very solid 2d hack and slash gameplay, interesting meta story, LOVE the narrator, great graphics and music... Won't take you much more than a few hours to finish, but for the price of a movie ticket I'd say that is perfectly fair. Strongly recommended!"
76561198185217207,Recommended,553640,26723780,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,soulofthesword,"Its been awhile since i've liked a side scroller. This one has nice art, combat, story, and you can see and feel the love put into it."
,Not Recommended,553640,32906354,Posted: 27 June,all,tooler,"One of the best parts of any beat 'em up is dodging through an enemy attack for a beautiful counterattack of your own. When you've got the timing down, it feels like you're running circles around the helpless enemies. ICEY wants to limit that joy. You're given a finite amount of dodge juice with which to dodge enemies. These enemies are extremely spammy, so you'll never be able to dance in and out of harm's way like, say, Bayonetta, even though Bayonetta has a similar mechanic to reduce dodge spamming by adding an animation follow-through to the end of the 5th dodge. ICEY is a lot more restrictive.To add insult to injury, the only time you have iframes on the dodge is when you do a perfect dodge into a free counterattack by pressing the B button, similar to RainBlood Chronicles: Mirage. In every other frame of the dodge, you'll take damage to your extremely limited rechargeable shield, or to your health. The feedback when taking these hits is almost nonexistent. You simply notice at one point that you're about to die. I was willing to grind through this until near the endgame, where the checkpoints became too silly for me. Dying means putting up with the same unsatisfying dodge mechanics you used to get there.It's a shame, because these Chinese-developed beat 'em ups are fascinating. They seem to love 2D Devil May Cry clones, like RainBlood Chronicles: Mirage and the upcoming Project: Shift. The attacks in ICEY immediately caught my attention, but it just doesn't feel quite right.Maybe you're willing to put up with all this. Give it a try. I'll be playing a much more satisfying beat 'em up instead.[EDIT] This review originally stated that the dodge did not have any iframes at all. This was an error. I had not played the game in a few months when I went through my list to write reviews and I had forgotten about how it worked. See above for my comments on the dodge."
,Recommended,553640,28455266,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Lemon Snake,"Perfect combat system. Awesome story. Great music.This game is a mix between Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance and The Stanley Parable, with some Cthulhu sprinkled in.If you're looking for a 2d action game with a little more depth, go for it.Keep in mind you can 100% beat it in about 10 hours, though.Do yourself a favor and DON'T use a guide."
,Recommended,553640,30406138,Posted: 9 March,all,Caxx,"great gameplay (cool effect, fighting screen and boss fight!!!), great story, great soundtrack, nice voice acting also can exploring the level and cute character !!!!! <3 <3 but this game have not much enemy type8/10 <3..must made Narrator mad, lol"
76561198060971789,Recommended,553640,28450596,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Verlis,A solid 2D game and also a funny narrator and great combat. O and the narrator told me to give it 5 stars so i will obey.
76561198327915314,Recommended,553640,33080433,Posted: 1 July,all,[CP] Dwondie,Entertaining. The combat system is good enough and the meta is fun.
76561198000158578,Recommended,553640,33115944,Posted: 1 July,all,Mudokon,"First rule of ICEY is (or should be):   Don't talk about ICEY (with people who haven't played yet).Honestly, the less you know before you play, the better.  If someone you know and/or respect likes it and recommends it, let that suffice.  If you hate the narrator, fine.  Really... FINE.  Or not fine.  If you get angry at it or think it is too short and too linear (judging by reviews) - I urge you to try a different approach.  A different approach to what?! you might ask.  Just do something different.  Or don't do something different.  Or do something different while not doing something different (welcome to enigmaville).If you are tempted to look at the achievements... try not to.  They can be a bit of a spoiler.  The game is all about it's surprises.  It reminds me of something I did when I was little, that I really regretted.  Did you ever open the presents under the Christmas tree (or birthday etc) early and then retape them closed?  Well, I did once.  And actiing surprised on Christmas morning wasn't fun.  I went in to ICEY blind.  And I am so glad I was.  All the surprises and twists were fabulous to be part of.I love this game.  And I absolutely recommend it."
76561198001302849,Recommended,553640,27967152,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Flandre Scarlet,A good 2D Platformer with an interesting hidden plot although the hidden plots will be obvious once you find one. Although it is a short game it has a high replayability value
,Recommended,553640,30827956,Posted: 29 March,all,Shellspeed1,"Good game, plays well, has good soundtrack, Game will screw with you be aware of that."
,Recommended,553640,29575980,Posted: 29 January,all,_acegik,"Pretty cool, pretty cool."
76561198005347228,Recommended,553640,27864823,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kibatsu,⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
,Recommended,553640,26746551,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,p4ndr,"Five stars: * * * * *OK, so ICEY is probably the best action platformer (think Strider, or 2D Devil May Cry) I've played in a long, long time. It's also the best meta-game experience I've ever had. The fourth wall is broken so many times it barely exists, and I have honestly never grinned so much while playing a game.ICEY is clearly a labour of love, and the time and effort spent in its development shines through. I managed to find a hidden area that triggers a scene where the narrator describes (and shows you!) previous iterations of ICEY, and he states that it has been a ten year effort - I don't know if that's true or not, but it sure feels like a project with a whole lot of time and effort invested in it.ICEY is very clever, supremely entertaining, and surprisingly immersive. The artwork is simply gorgeous, the game mechanics are well thought-out and balanced, and the sheer number of easter eggs makes it almost as much fun to just dash around and explore as it is to slice and dice your way to 97 hit combos.I picked it up on sale for about ten bucks, but it's a steal at three times that price; ICEY is one of the nicest surprises (and one of my favoruite games) of this year."
76561198090020747,Not Recommended,553640,30430388,Posted: 10 March,all,Triforceguard,"I would love to recommend this game. I like what the devs were trying to make. I really do.But I can't. There are just some flaws you can't overlook.The checkpoint placement is ""OK"" at bst. Several times there was no checkpoint in front of a clearly seperate segment with a lot of enemys, forcing you upon failure to replay some screens, be it just RB-Spamming through them or even killing some enemys that could be counted as mid-bosses.The best example has to be a boss battle that requires you, after respawning at the checkpint, to- RB-Spam up a Tower- Watch a 10 second cutscene- Press X- Wait another 10 seconds for the door to openUntil you can try to beat the Boss another time.The other big issue is the fighting system.Sometimes enemies are able to stack damage without the ability to escape. (~75 of the ~100 HP Bar in 3 hits in a row)Other enemies seem to temporaily ignore their post motion delay, allowing them to Spam Attacks without any way to get through.Also the dash-invincibility-frames feel really inconsistent, or at least are not he same as the animation.Some simple fixes could easily make this game far more enjoyableFor some really small complaints:The music doesnt loop correctly (at least for me)Some Background Textures seem a little washed out at 1080pSome of the narrator and fourth wall additions are a little forced.A Cutscene at the beginning of the game depicts your Character basicly waiting to get shot. It feels really unpolisehd."
,Recommended,553640,32849111,Posted: 27 June,all,One Winged Thanatos,"DMC meets The Stanley Parable in 2D, if that doesnt sounds great to you then you dont deserve this game.""The visuals are stunning! Buy it! The Producer is famous! Buy it! There are so many reviews! Buy it! Like a machine, spewing out cash. Do you really beat all the games you buy?"" -NarratorThis is a great 4th wall breaking game with great gameplay and nice visuals, the action is fast peaced with combos and dodges and really fun, it has different difficulties and its easy if you have experience with action games so I would sugest playing it on hard if you can but you can totally play it on easy if you just want to mess with the narrator and have a nice time. Its a little short considering I got all the endings and achievements in like 6 hours but every one of those seconds was a joy to experience.Some recommendations:-use a controller-set the audio voice to the original chinese narrator, trust me, its worth it"
,Recommended,553640,30246258,Posted: 28 February,all,Shitty Anime Lover,"You ever play the stanely parable and thought ""wheres the fightin?""This is your game."
,Recommended,553640,30212561,Posted: 26 February,all,Ｍｏｏｎｆｌｏｗ,★★★★★
,Recommended,553640,30246390,Posted: 28 February,all,Noctus,"You had ONE job, Icey. But you didn't followed the damn arrow!"
76561198012714746,Recommended,553640,30233619,Posted: 27 February,all,Overlord Byron,"An attractive game with fast-paced beat-em-up gameplay that relies on reflexes and intuitive combos. Hampered by a meta-plot in an industry where metafiction is not only becoming overdone, but is done far better. A worthwhile buy, but it could definitely use something more."
,Recommended,553640,29538136,Posted: 28 January,all,Avenge,"Great game, abstract but interesting story. Fast paced combat that can get repetative, but the game is just short and challenging enough that you arn't bored while playing. However, dispite how quickly it can be completed there is alot of hidden content and story, as well as an true ending to be found.Well worth the money and time spent."
76561198324934109,Recommended,553640,28710714,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kissshot,i had fought with jack for 7 times till i thought of going back to the last checkpoint.....
,Recommended,553640,29739014,Posted: 6 February,all,Firs,"This game is simply amazing.The battle mechanics are fun and exiting,The story is VERY deep and mysterious, making you ask a lot of question (and 50% of the time leaving u confused XD).The ""off roads"" are amazing, leading to different endings and shards of the story. What I find unique is that the achivement themselves tell the player a part of the story.But you know what? I am very bad at actually explaining things in detail.So make me a favour, AND PLAY THIS GAME...like seriously, this game is one-of-a-kind."
76561198090737420,Recommended,553640,26706469,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,但使龙城飞翼在,"Great, worth to play and it's really funny to play with the voiceover"
76561198071720216,Recommended,553640,26722725,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,zhaoqian,"Played this game in friend's PC, then I bought it with my own account just to support the developer.Have to rate 5/5. This game is fabulous. The narrator is a highlight.Hope this game isn't so short."
,Recommended,553640,30209938,Posted: 26 February,all,ZoroDaOtter,"I follow directions like a good gamer, so I give this game 5 star like the producer told me to."
,Recommended,553640,28293477,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Luke_not_vader,"Enjoyed it a lot, it had the same appeal to me as the stanley parable and bastion (narrator that not only reacts to the story but also when you do something 'unexpected').I was pleasantly surprised by the combat; it felt really good."
,Recommended,553640,30205674,Posted: 26 February,all,Very Buttery Bread,"Great game, good job to the Chinese developers."
,Recommended,553640,29535158,Posted: 27 January,all,Archon,One of the first games that I felt compelled to do everything and 100% it.  Never do as you're told until it's the only option left.
,Recommended,553640,28214902,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DavKro,"What a charming game. It definitely surprised me I gotta say. During the very opening I was like 'eeeh.. maybe this wasn't the best choice' but then it just clicked.Really hope some of you guys check this one out, A win/win if y'ask me!5 stars. Producer is famous I hear!"
,Not Recommended,553640,33022156,Posted: 29 June,all,Shiina,"the gameplay was fun and the visuals were very pretty, but i was hoping for more story and for more free choice. i never really got a reason for what i was doing and going against the narrator just made him yell at me and reset me to the start of the levels and in the end i was just forced to do what he wanted anyways. the lack of depth slowly drained my initial enthusiasm from the gameplay and by the end i was bored."
76561198041779090,Not Recommended,553640,27983462,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sayberdragon,"Good game, bad design.The good:-The combat itself is great and very skill based.-Very nice art style and visuals overall.-Music was also pretty nice but I didn't really pay attention to it.The bad:-Weird checkpoint placements - sometimes you will reach a checkpoint, kill a very small amount of weak enemies and there will be a 2nd checkpoint and sometimes you will reach a checkpoint, kill a bunch of mini bosses, regular enemies, flying enemies and whatever the game can throw at you and then you will go through that again without any checkpoint so you will need to go through all that again (unless you're willing to go back to the checkpoint after every area you clear which isn't always possible)-Obnoxious attacks - some enemies have attack that are near unavoidable or actually unavoidable because there doesn't seem to be the slightest of indicators (or there are but way too soon before the attack). Doesn't help they either go through your shield or straight up taking 75% of your health (even after I upgraded my health and armour).-Unskippable cutscenes - Oh you died to that boss? And there was a cutscene right before it without any checkpoint and you can't even go back to save after the cutscene? Well here, watch it again! Doesn't help that 90% of the cutscene is a complete waste of time (stopping you for a couple of seconds, panning for a couple of seconds, focusing on another character for a couple of seconds also you can't progress until the narrator finishes his sentence so another waste of time)-Difficulty  1 - when you pick your difficulty there's no kind of description or warning like in most other games so you have no idea what you're getting into - is it for people who already beat it once and know the game very well? Is it for extremely good hack 'n slash gamers? What does it even do? Add on to that - you can't even change it mid game so you might be going in over your head and not realize it waay too late.-Difficulty 2 - The game's difficulty it mostly about how fast do you react (although some enemies seem to be about prediction and luck which is BS imo) and from my experience on hard - you don't get much time at all. And when you get showered with minibosses and weaker enemies alike it's a lot harder to actually do something so you spend most of your time dodging around, hoping they will split enough for you to attack.As much as the game seems fun, all of those things make it very frustrating to play and I wish I could see those stuff sooner so I could refund it."
76561198163306159,Recommended,553640,30318421,Posted: 4 March,all,Crossfade,Do you like games that actually take (some) skill? Games that require you to dodge attacks and wait for openings to strike? Games that have super cool easter eggs and secrets in every level? Then ICEY is the game for you! Rack up 1000000 hit combos as you use your broken infinite dashes to dodge every single attack and brutalize enemies by destroying their core (basically a fatality).Also the narrator specifiacally tells you to only follow the direction arrows as that is how you will get to the end faster. NOW YOU KNOW WHAT YOU MUST DO!!!Pick up ICEY today for the fair price of 13.99 and make sure you dont follow the direction arrows (easter eggs await you on the many secret paths)
,Recommended,553640,30802996,Posted: 28 March,all,Okami Imperial,"Game keeps crashing at Judas sometimes , but otherwise good game"
76561198142151918,Recommended,553640,28132745,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Naru,"""You don't even beat your games do you?""NotLikeThis ;~;"
76561198064168291,Recommended,553640,33075434,Posted: 1 July,all,Almond Rick,"Exceeded my expectations. Very well made. Visuals are very stunning and beautiful. The narrator is awesome. The controls are smooth, and you pick them up easily.9.6/10 Fighting.Story line is very well made, great plot.Definitely recommended."
76561198284549525,Recommended,553640,33067521,Posted: 30 June,all,yujiawei,攻略：不要跟着提示走，不要听旁白的话。
,Recommended,553640,33052780,Posted: 30 June,all,NaNriX,Really fun and challenging game
76561198041839582,Recommended,553640,32796445,Posted: 25 June,all,Dante Scales,"I can't say I didn't rush through a fair portion of the game, mainly going after some of the really clear secerets (aka, achievements).  I am honestly shocked with how much is actually in the game on the side of deep, ideas and hidden messages.  There is so much I want to say about the game, but I dont want to spoil anything.To anyone wanting this game, I suggest you realize it is fairly small.  That play time I have is how long it took me to get everything...minus figuring out a few secretes.  Every achievement you get on that achievment list all have something special at the end of them.  Also, take a few moments each time you start the game back up and remind yourself what ICEY is exactly.  You might be surpirsed how far that little message went and who is the true ""ghost"" in the machine.But enough of this lurring, the game is great, the story is interesting if you read into the hidden messages, and ignoring the narrator at every turn of the dice.  I loved the story, the designs, the creatures and ICEY.  The music is grand and really gets you into the mood, even for the boss battles that got a little out of hand.Now onto the bad, I will note that I did only use the keyboard for this game...if you are using a controler, chances are you'll feel a little better about this.  Each battle is focused on strike creature until they are stunned and hit the ""critical key"" (L for a keyboard by default).  Sounds simple enough, until you realize that same button press also happens when you dogde a creature's attack at just the right moment.  When ever these popped up, I tried hitting that L and sometimes it doesn't work.  (I should note, if you lose your sheild and get tossed by attack, you can't hit L anyway).  So sometimes the L command doesn't work, and you can get very dash happy far too easily.  I would have made the dash bar a little more noticeable (Which sounds dumb with how fast the battles move).This is where my real complain lies, when you die to boss you have to go through every single talking point before you can move onward.  Two really good boss fights, Judis (of course) and Trinity + Dahal.  Both fights are close to the end of the game, they are supposed to be hard, but to get to Dahal, you need to slay Trinity and she doesn't fight back, you have a word wall until the door opens,  (Not really a wall, but it's long enough...the true part of her, however is very fitting and I love that).  Then with Judis and...I'm sorry, Judis is a amazing boss, after hearing all the secret texts before him I know where he is coming from and I feel sorry, so very sorry that I just came out of nowhere and slowly, painfully, died to him again and again and again.  Then when I finally killed, I almost wondered if he wanted to finally be free of his backstory...but every time I died, I had to go through three rooms, a room which requires you to made a choice (Which shouldn't repeat itself with every failed attempt, thank yoU!), and before you can answer, you need to wait for our narrator to finish talking and few more seconds for the door to unlock.  I love this game and that final boss battle was soo good, but the pre-area was terrible.Final thoughts, ICEY is a grand little game, fair price tag for it's length and depth, so many deep thoughts that I have to see again, and rememberable music that wishes to stay in your mind for a long time.  There were truly funny parts (I love silencing the narrator and the other scene which it happens...(I will not say that)), there was a sad discovery, exspecially when you needed to repeat it over and over again to finally get the boss kill achievement.  (For once a video game made me sad about killing something over and over and over again)  The battles before the bosses were ok, the bosses and some creatures had a few cheep moves (LASARS!), but over all I liked the challenge even if it's repetitive at time.Final results, 10/10...ICEY got what it claimed to give and gave a little more.  While its got a few flaws, the game shined brightly.  After all, what crystal is perfect?  Everything is going to have it little imperfections, ICEY makes sure those little flaws don't weight it down.  A very good buy for anyone looking for a few hours of fast paced gameplay or secret ridden levels.  Nothing outstayed it's welcome and the true secret ending is worth going through everything and really shows how far you and ICEY have come.  A true story which I can gladly agree with to the point of saying, ""I would like to make stories simalar to this."""
76561198151746304,Recommended,553640,29144210,Posted: 9 January,all,deity of useless,"A good 2D action game, for me, this game is very difficult to play very difficult (I play difficult ~)."
,Recommended,553640,33107028,Posted: 1 July,all,Mxholland,This is a pretty good game with some good humor if you go a direction the arrows tell you not to go. The only problem I had with it was having to reset my data to change the difficulty. I mean its not much that is reset but its just a pain in the a$$. Still love the game so far.
76561198348112344,Recommended,553640,30563322,Posted: 16 March,all,SaTania,真的非常好玩，无论是打击感还是特效都非常棒，而且游戏内容也比较丰富，支持国产！
76561198315791793,Recommended,553640,33119400,Posted: 2 July,all,InfinityTheHolic,"This game is relatively short,about 1 hour to finsh the narrator ""story"".However this game have multiple endings which can be triggered across the game.There is a section selection that can be access anytime so you can go back if you miss a ending.The combat is intresting and does not get repetitive due to the short length.The enemies are limited in variety however the bosses each have a special moveset that does not feel recycled.The music is also amazing and the animations are good.Recommended."
,Recommended,553640,31580222,Posted: 6 May,all,✠Projechi,"Great game with ""real"" fourth wall breakers"
,Recommended,553640,29890112,Posted: 12 February,all,ENder,"I found this game to be a little proud of itself - great idea, and a decent little adventure if you can get it for under 10 bucks - but overall fairly middling and the gimmick gets old after the 2nd hour.The game plays well though some of the rules are a little inconsistent about what can be blocked / stunned and what cant - the dialogue would be far more entertaining if they could find an english voice actor for western players. I think its a decent, ok game."
,Recommended,553640,28442782,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,IHiatus,Combat is fun. Game is kind of short but as you learn through playing they developed this for 10 years and what they published is great.
,Recommended,553640,30051183,Posted: 19 February,all,Crewzy,"Fantastic story, gamepley, visuals, and music.  This game was extremely fun for me to play when I had some time to kill, and some time to think about what just happened.  Only drawback is it took me less than 5 hours to platinum this game.  10 out of 10!"
,Recommended,553640,30070839,Posted: 20 February,all,Delta,"I had heard about ICEY from others describing it as ""like The Stanley Parable"", a game I enjoyed abeit short. So I came into ICEY prepared for a similar experience, and was not disappointed. The visuals and core gameplay were solid, the story short but satisfying, and of course the various twists and turns with amusing meta commentary about gaming development and mechanics made for an interesting time. I finished everything in about four hours, but am going back and making videos for my Youtube channel and finding a few things I missed. Looking forward to the English VO update and anything else they slip in.Full Disclosure: Received this game from a friend as a Steam gift."
,Recommended,553640,30045562,Posted: 19 February,all,..,"Found a unfinished part of a level. Developer told me its hard to make good games and to buy a completely new game cause i dont finish games anyways. Neato. In reality this game is great. the mechanics are well done and it feels quite natural. The premise of the game is also genius in many ways, This game is cheap and 100% worth your time."
,Recommended,553640,29594692,Posted: 30 January,all,Dead End Kyo,I got a long♥♥♥♥♥lecture about how pointless collecting trophies are from an angry Chinese man.10/10 would get lectured again.
76561197976643642,Recommended,553640,29583169,Posted: 30 January,all,Kael לּ  ヴィニシウル,"I've bought this game on 40% discount, so around $6 or so. Here are my 5 cents:This game was the first game I played with a ""Narrator Twist"", which seems akin to the one on ""The Stanley Parable"" (also on steam). That is, you have a narrator telling you what to do, but when you disobey him, funny things happen. This review is about playing on Hard mode, which quite honestly I felt it was more around ""Medium"" for a player used to these action games.Pros:- The secrets of the game vary from too obvious (the narrator insistence on you following the arrow make it obvious all the time there must be something around), to medium: Sometimes, you must learn of a certain way of interacting with the scene in one portion of the map, in order to observe how to interact elsewhere. Others, really require a inquisitive mind. I think the devs did a good job here. I bet there is still a hard tier level for a few things. Lastly, the devs also tried to be counter-intuitive on things that in other games you would expect to have a negative consequence. I personally appreciated this piece.- The combos are great and feels great. There is enough flow on the game that makes you entertained in smashing your joystick buttons. There is a sufficient amount of variety in the attacks as well that allows for enough play styles. Yes, there is the usual X->X->X->X or X->X->X->Y but you can also unlock other buttons of your joystick to do other things. Some of those other things are timed based, or more specifically ""the moment an enemy is exposed"". There are also finishing moves and counter-attack moves that takes advantage of that, air combos, ground combos and ""imortal combos"" at the stake of something (won't spoil all the fun, right?). Personally, I didn't find the combo list that extensive, and it is unclear what and when will unlock others (who knows, maybe I will find another one).- Lore: The game actually does have a lore that is only told as you explore around. I loved the poetic style of the lore, and the .dot hack take the game embeds everything. There is room for jokes, for serious content and more. It is short, indeed, but if you take the time to appreciate the parts you will see several elements that can make a game a fun experience in a breadth way.Cons:------- While I had my share of fun on just the tone of the narrator, I couldn't understand a single word. This often forced me to keep ""dashing up"" so I could take a break of the fight and follow up the lore. I saw they are working on english voicing recently, but for now this is still a cons.- As others pointed out, when re-playing the stages to ""branch out"" on other parts, you can't cut the narrator short. Instead, you must listen all the same babling again. For the most part, I sat working on my other computer while the narrator kept babling. Perhaps, considering the devs intended to make an annoying narrator, this is part of the twist. But sometimes I felt rather than annoying, it went brainwashing.- Because the game allows you to return to some maps, everything resets. This include the ""cash treasure chests"" you find around. If you really want, you can keep restarting the map over and over to farm gold and lvl up all your skills. Since this is an offline game, and you're really taking the challenging aspect or fun of it, I would consider someone exploiting this throwing their money away, but hey, it is not everyday I see you being able to do these around in a game!-----Final Remarks: I would recommend playing this game casually, or you would run the risk of ending too soon. Think of the game as your small universe to come back from time to time and experiment praticing playing through different combo styles when fighting bosses, and you will likely finding it more rewarding for your money investment, rather than rush to beat all ends."
76561197986275956,Recommended,553640,30236979,Posted: 28 February,all,Oscar,"The best 8€ I ever spent!This game is a wonderful change in contrast to today's game scene.With every minute you play, you see the incredible amount of effortthis one-man development team put into it.The stunning visuals and the amazing soundtrack make the game reallyatmospheric. The controls and enemy interaction are very precise, sosmashing through loads of enemies and well designed bosses is a greatfun.Last but not least the self-ironic narrator Meta game really blows mymind by adding differnet layers to the story.It's a relatively short game and the level design in late game is quiteconfusing, but I rather play a short game for less than 10€, than payfour times as much for an AAA-title which isn't even half as entertaingto play."
,Recommended,553640,28536513,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,nep nep,"I usually don't like 2D action sidescrollers, but this is an exception!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the narrator is fun as hell and the visuals are just stunning."
,Recommended,553640,26780325,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stray,Just finished my first playthrough of this game and was left with a feeling of something being unfinished. I have since started my second playthrough and am not listening to the narrator and it is a whole new game. This games story is ever changing depending on the choices that you make as you progress through it. Along with the story this game also provides a fluent combat system that feels crisp and a soundtrack to back it up that is excellent. Overall the game may look and feel like a side scrolling hack and slash on the surface but below that is an ever changing story and a smooth combat system that will keep you entertained well into multiple playthroughs.
,Recommended,553640,28352252,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,plug.dj/fak-off,"the producer is famous, buy it."
76561198086087452,Recommended,553640,29531282,Posted: 27 January,all,CyberDown,"Not too shabby.A good beat em up style side scroller with good production value, music and visuals.Doesnt appear like one of those overly complex combo button mashers, most of the combos invole two or three buttons pressed in sessession..Combat is fluid, its surprisingly easy to do cool combos, feels good.  Story is...odd...in an asian type of way which i like.  The intro is sort of confusing...youll see why when you play it...worth it at full price if your into this kinda thing.definately the right combo of low price, high production value, great artwork, and fun/simple combat...love the visuals and music thus far.  Wasnt overly difficult but i did die to a boss after about 30min.  Feels very satisfying despite i really didnt know what i was doing.oh theres an upgrade system with upgrades to every combo you can do, while displaying simply how to execute the combo.Very well made, bravo chinese devs..."
76561198317256181,Recommended,553640,29545409,Posted: 28 January,all,Multiverse,"太赞了！梦幻般的体验,简直完美。让我看到了国产游戏的希望！"
,Recommended,553640,29580253,Posted: 29 January,all,xChino,"10/10, wouldn't listen to the announcer again."
76561198004795901,Recommended,553640,27654110,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[-Karma-],"A small game that can be completed in only a few hours, but nevertheless a solid game title with a lot of fun, action and an awesome fighting style. If you are already a Fan of 2D Side Scroller Games, I absolute recommand to take a glance at... at... oh... it seems I lack some words to properly describe it.The fights, which are the primary focus of the story of the game are fast paced and allow even not well-experienced players a smooth access to the basics through a good set training curve. So if you want to explore the good sides of Side Scroller Games, feel free to start with this title.But the real highlight of this title is everything that occurs beside the main story.Finding your way through a totally new world can be exhausting so the nice persons of the developer team give you acces to a Narroter, beeing on a constant path guiding you the most efficient way to your goal. However, I don't want to go much in detail, but if someone is constantly telling you to turn right, because, according to him, there is nothing of interest on the left way, you become interested what is hidden there. And if he starts getting mad on you once you slowly decide to turn left, you'll even got more interested and you will find it more and more amusing. And that kids, is the core of this game :-DFollow you own decisions, get insulted when you pointlessly walk around and fight your way through armys of enemies and challaging bosses o furfill ICEYs destiny.Further I want to describe my negative experiences with the game, however, they may be some kind of spoiler, so feel free to end reading right now.First: It seems hard is the most challenging difficulty. To increase difficulty I challenged myself to some sort of Time Trial on ""hard"" without any skill enhancements. I finished the game in approxmately 1 hour. This leads to point two.Second: The story is kinda short. If you just follow the instructions of the Narrator you will be done in one hour.and Thrid: I finished the game about 4 times (completly) and I still don't really understand what the core of the story is about.Last Part: The Narroter told me to rate this game 5/5. This is one point I believe he could be right. However, I ignored him 100% of the time and it is said ""Never change a running system."" Additionally there are some ""bad"" parts about the game, so I will end with an4.5 / 5absolutly worth its 10€"
,Recommended,553640,28130893,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Demetirus,"Even with only 3 hours in, this game is fantastic!  The game play, as far as side scrolling platformers/hack and slash game types go is smooth and deceptively hard to get right which the enemies will capitalize on.  The story is... just perfect.  I hesitate to describe it much as to do so would spoil it but as is hinted by the description of the game:  think carefully about your choices.The art, the music and the voice acting is all absolutely beautiful with a sense of humour and fun that I haven't encountered in a very long time in any game, let alone a side scrolling game of this style.  If you liked games like Shantae or Megaman Zero, the game play will be right up your alley.  If you like game where there's a meta story going on in addition to the story that the game is trying to tell, you will like this game.  If you like both of those aspects, you will love this game."
76561198160792504,Recommended,553640,28602203,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Criller,"Definitely worth your money!This game is the perfect mix between narrative and gameplay and, maybe, it will make you reflect..."
,Recommended,553640,28478570,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,iprE,"Entertaining combat and boss battles had variations. Got my money´s worth of action!Story was interesting but not a selling point, instead the narrator and his 4th wall breaking made the game interesting to explore."
,Recommended,553640,28526909,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,k1tty,"So I haven't played action games before, however I did play the Stanley Parable before.This game is combines both of these together to create a fun and enjoyable experience. You get to 'troll' the narrator by not doing what he says, or follow what he says to get to the end of the story.The combat itself is quite good. Its quite fluid, even more so with the fps cap being your monitor refresh rate, making playing with my 144hz monitor quite smooth.All in all, even though this is a game made in China, it definitely deserves to be taken a look. I can't really describe how amazing the experience is, the only thing you could do is to buy it and play it."
,Recommended,553640,26738957,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ShockMachine,"Sorta like Transistor and and Stanley Parable sit down for a night of Anime, but in Chinese.And it's awesome.Controls are pretty tight, visuals are flashy and gameplay is equal parts power trip and tough scrap. You'll know when you're doing well, and when your flashy combo ends in you getting faceplanted into the ground it'll snap you back into difficult positioning challenges.Encourages exploration, both with risks and rewards, and the reaction based combat options know whether or not you actually reacted or are mashing with tears in your eyes.Overall highly recommended - and you can't just say no to a game that pairs a straightforward game with meta concepts, and still makes time to add in a little humor here and there.Definitely worth it on sale, and would say it's well worth $11 - God knows anyone reading this has probably shelled out more for less."
76561197984609900,Recommended,553640,26676104,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rhydok,"Okay, so I haven't played very long, but I'm just going to take a short break to say how freaking awesome this game is!  Beautiful, fluid animation, awesome and satisfying combat that gives you a good variety of options (and I haven't even unlocked the other moves yet!).  The story so far is quite fun using some, as far as I'm aware, very unique storytelling and gameplay tools.  I've already found a hidden room that led to some funny dialogue.  I don't want to say much more than that so as to preserve the joy of discovery.  I'll update if something pops up that kills the joy, but, so far, it's quite a delight on several levels.Update:  Bosses are fun, and traversing the wonderfully crafted world is a treat.  This game also really encouages exploration (well, discourages it technically, I suppose) and it is such a blast to do so.  It feels very rewarding to uncover all this game is hiding.  And the humor is on point.  How is this game so under the radar?!  At least for me it was.  I just happened across it on the Steam store page.This game is unique.  I didn't know I was getting so much more than a rocking action game, and the surprises have been a joy.(Oh, and you can skip some scenes by going to the menu and selection the option to return to the interface.  It would be nice to be able to skip through individual lines, but this works pretty well.  So far, at least.)Only downside so far is no English voice overs.  It's just a bummer when there is action and dialogue going on at the same time.  Tough to read and keep up with the action all at once.  Not a deal breaker, but I do hope an English VO is in the works.Final Update:  This is a unique experience well worth the price of admission.  Do note that if you haven't unlocked all the achievements, you haven't seen the whole story.  I hope to see additional modes to increase replay value, and I look forward to what these developer create next."
,Recommended,553640,27462982,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brain Dead,"My thoughts:Just play it, its definatly worth at least trying.Its a great challenge and a lot of fun to play.Would definatly reccomedAnd would love to fund the devs to make a dub of this."
,Recommended,553640,29640184,Posted: 1 February,all,こどくし,"Solid 2D action-hacknslash game with a lot of meta narration, if you've played Pony Island or Stanley Parable, it's sort of like that, but with a fun fully developed combat system.  Shame that the narration is only in Mandarin, so you'll have to get most of the jokes and plot through subtitles, which are decently translated (I speak Mandarin and while the subtitles are crude at points, they're good enough to get the story and humor across).  English narration is coming eventually so you may want to just wait for that.  Sound design and soundtrack are really good, and the level design and visual aesthetic really bring the whole game together.All in all a pretty enjoyable experience, one of the better small games on Steam.  Worth it all full price, definite pickup if it's on sale.  I was able to 100% the game in about 7 hours for those concerned about length, and while it's not especially replayable, there are 2 or 3 boss fights that are very well done and worth fighting again, so you could probably squeeze some more time out of the game.8/10."
76561197990904704,Recommended,553640,29556527,Posted: 28 January,all,YOUR FAVORITE ANIMES,"This game is great.  Lots of fourth wall breaking, and it's fun making the narrator mad."
,Recommended,553640,26955457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Centripical,"Picked up the game on a whim and so far I am very glad that I stumbled on this.Pros- Great gameplayThe action in this game is sleek and satifisfying. The game makes you feel good about dodging attacks at the right time and executing enemies. The combat system also rewards you for getting good at the game as mashing wont get you very far, the bosses can/will make quick work of you if you can't time dodges and hits correctly.- Good SoundtrackI havent heard everything yet but what I have heard so far is pretty good. The main menu music in particular gets me going.- NarratorThis might be a bit of a spoiler but, like the stanley parable, you can choice to ignore the narrator's directions and this usually results in some pretty funny dialog.Cons:- Waiting for attacks to finish before you can jumpThis is a minor nitpick at best, but the only problem I have with the combat of the game is that if you attack you kinda have to wait for Icey o finish attacking before you can jump. This was an issue for me, since to hit aerial enemies I would hit jump and attack almost at the same time and 50% of the time Icey would just stay on the ground and swing at nothing. You can dash at any point so, agian, minor nitpick.- Narrator can be long winded at timesSome of the little 'discussions' you can trigger by ignoring the narrator, while funny, can seem to drag on for a bit. Especially when your amped up to go slice more stuff.Overall this game is looking to be a great action platformer, with only minor gripes hindering the kicka** experience (especially for its price). If you wanna see more of what the game is like before you buy it, you should check out my or someone else's video of it. I'll update this review as I go on.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMpWw16i8OU"
76561198166267839,Recommended,553640,31790818,Posted: 16 May,all,The EDM Wizard,"Very fun game, but very short as well. Gave me lots of laughs along the way. :)"
76561198009109570,Recommended,553640,30379594,Posted: 7 March,all,Sir Noobcake,"I do not like to do reviews however this game , this game is special enough for me to write one.+Great story , long deep story for the price asked.One of the most fun i had with a combat game in a really long time.And great music fittingly motivating you all across the journey.-Backtracking is gonna happen, even if the area's are worth backtracking for mind you.There is no part 2 ! that is by far the biggest problem with this game !Commenting:I highly recommand this game for the story and the amazing music!And the fast paced combat."
,Recommended,553640,30274235,Posted: 2 March,all,NXT-71,I wish I could forget everything about this game... Just to play it again.9/10Just because this adventure could last longer.
76561198043776033,Recommended,553640,28003872,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chives,"Fairly short, no super difficult mode for us Devil May Cry masters (I say having never done DMD-or any equivalent-particularly well outside of DMC4) and the ending is gained through achievement whoring, which is really easy but not especially fun when a couple of them just involve a lot of waiting around an empty room.That being said it's still some of the most fun I've had for a while and I'll definitely end up replaying it a bunch because I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥ for character action titles.If you're at all interested in any Devil May Cry or Bayonetta type games being mixed with The Stanely Parable, then buy a copy. Or five.When ICEY 2?"
,Recommended,553640,33668803,Posted: 20 July,all,Nyarlako,"Icey is more than an action game, it's a unique experience full with surprises.The combat system is goood, the controls are tight, graphics is nice too.And the true ending is one of the best ones I ever seen."
76561198112473353,Recommended,553640,33812676,Posted: 26 July,all,Meatloaf,"I really enjoy this game, but I can see some of its shortcomings. I'm just gonna go into the Pros and Cons.Pros:Excellent GraphicsFast and fun combatSurprisingly spot on meta humor (at points)Pretty good soundtrack, not the best, but really amazing.Cons:Somewhat of a button-masher when it comes to combat. I enjoyed it, but I did find myself mashing buttons randomly at times, particularly during bosses.The Narrator at times could get annoying. I played with the English narrator, maybe the Chinese narrator is better.Low variety of enemiesConfusing storyOverall, I like this game. The meta humor is hit or miss, but when it hits, it knocks it out of the park. I can't figure out its story for the life of me. I would say it's unimportant, but it keeps being referenced. If you wanna figure it out, go ahead. At times ICEY, the protagonist, is appears to be a bad guy, at other points, a good guy.I found myself asking the question, ""is the narrator talking to me or ICEY?"" which is the point to be fair.It's obvious that the developers took inspiration from the Stanley Parable in terms of its meta humor, I read that in a QnA. However, even though I like this game better than Stanley Parable, the meta humor in the Stanley Parable was better than this game's humor. In the Stanley Parable, your choices on following the narrator or not impacted the course of the game and the ending you received; in Icey, even if you find a secret, you sooner or later must follow the arrow, there doesn't seem to be a way to continue the game after ignoring the narrator, without having to follow his instructions.The main reason I like this game better is because of its combat, which can be a little repetitive but is still fun, and its graphics, which are amazing. I got this game during the Summer Sale, and I think it's worth its pricetag.I give it a 7.5/10. It certainly is an obscure, overlooked game that deserves love."
76561198012029062,Recommended,553640,26696594,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Republican Jesus,"Best $10 I've spent on Steam in months. My only complaint is that I want more. 10/10, would give myself carpal tunnel again. AFK, soaking hand in warm water."
,Recommended,553640,29701965,Posted: 4 February,all,Aemony,"This is probably the most entertaining game I've ever bought for €12. I was hooked from the moment I started playing it until now, 6 hours later and 100% completion. The game even managed to get me interested in The King in Yellow, due to the number of references made to it all over the game.A solid 2D action platformer that throws punches way above the asking price. I'll probably replay it when the English voiceover arrives later this spring, just to have an excuse to replay it."
76561198280216711,Recommended,553640,29840116,Posted: 10 February,all,nyxraiis,"The Narrator suffered enough and he wanted  a good review so, here it is.(BTW great game with a good story and a lot of fun )"
76561198042900808,Recommended,553640,28177078,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,n898,"TLDR: Stanley Parable + Viewtiful JoeIt's a pretty good action game reminscient of Viewtiful Joe and Metal Gear Rising, but in 2D.  The narrative leaves something to be desired, but its not too bad.  Playing through it on Hard, it seems a little too easy for such a well designed action game, but that's good, in a way.  Exellent title for the price."
76561198080168324,Recommended,553640,33961627,Posted: 1 August,all,Erisdar,"Original narrator made me laugh, english one made me cringe. You know the right choice"
,Recommended,553640,28476698,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Phazon_Storm,"Even if you were to take out the META parts of the game's story, the combat alone would be worth the price. It's so much goddamn fun.The game may not seem long at first, but the exploratation and secret bits will make it worth your while."
76561198028052806,Recommended,553640,27296912,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alphanubis,"This is a refreshing game with a humor not seen to often on titles like this genre.Icey gives you an amazing control, graphics and fun factor like few.The oportunity to have narrated the adventure or not is a plus, if you dont wanna know the story and the ""game crashes"" and freezes simulating issues on the game are pretty surprising and when you realiza them are pretty fun.You should try the game and give it a chance to amaze you.Pretty much recommended.Let the fun begin... or end, or... aw... the game is frozen... no, wait, ehrm... ok... some bug? Maybe?... darn."
76561198117140181,Recommended,553640,30284645,Posted: 2 March,all,Roga,"_ICEY._ was a very enjoyable and fun experience for me personally. The directions of the narrator was only another way to tempt the player into not going to this direction first, but explore the surrounding area instead. In my opinion, this game is a must have for any gamer that enjoys pulling the strings rather than have someone babysit you into your direction (no offense to the developer, this does not change the fact that this game is awesome)"
,Recommended,553640,27336355,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Koanos,"So much meta in a game, it's fun and funny how it works out! Good for either action gameplay, or a good time to laugh at."
,Recommended,553640,30285399,Posted: 2 March,all,GameLiont,"I'm not into fighting games or 2D platformers but this game is awesome. It has interesting world and ""lore"" that forces me to come back to it again.Even though the game can be beaten in fairly short time (took me less than three hours) it has lot of re-playability value if the player wants to find out what's really going on in the world."
,Recommended,553640,27344460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Einherjar,"ICEY is one of those games where writing a review without spoiling anything is almost impossible. You have been warned.ICEY is a rather curious case. What looked like a ""run of the mill"" Hack&Slay on first sight turned out to be quite a lot more.It's a narrative driven experience and the many comparisons to games like ""The Stanley Parable"" are quite fitting.At it core, it's a very solid 2D Hack&Slay Platformer similar to titles like ""Muramasa"" (Not on Steam).The game is presented as if you are watching the titular character ICEY through a survailance camera while the story is told by an off-speaker who constantly breaks the 4th wall, by either rambling about the creation of this game or due to interruptions of the video feed (often to insert new code).This approach is charming in its own way and offers quite a lot of replay value due to branching paths, loads of secrets and also the ability to upgrade your character.But it's also my main gripe with this game. Its simply ""too good"" for this sort of approach. Its actual gameplay is really entertaining, fast and rewarding, but it constantly gets interrupted by the narrative. With games where the pinacle of player interaction is walking from point A to point B, such a narrative becomes the main attraction.With ICEY, its main attraction often takes a back seat.Do i recommend it ? Absolutely. Its something rather unique in its genre and offers a lot of weird humor and mystery all backed up by really fun gameplay.EDIT:Every once in a while, an indie game hits the market, you really enjoy it and...thats usually it.So i was pretty surprised to see that ICEY got such a meaty update.The fully voiced english localisation adds a lot to the overall experience for non-Chinese speakers, as it allows you to fully focus on its gameplay while still being able to take in the narrative.Bottom line: An even bigger recommendation than before. What do you say, Mr. Narrator ?"
,Recommended,553640,27291276,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,爱阔少,"This is a side scroll action game mixed with a narration twist. You can go straight forward and play as it's a normal action game, then you'd get a decent fast paced and intensive experience. Or you can ignore the narrator and find your own way, then it becomes an adventure game in which you look for different endings.You think fast paced action and slow paced adventure don't fit? You're right. Listening to the narrator breaks the tension of action(You have to wait A LOT, believe me), and the battles often block your way when you're eager to find a new scenario branch. This is the main reason I don't know I can recommend this or not. Well, I didn't feel bored in the 5 hour playthrough so I give it a thumb up.Some Small issues and notes:Action part is plain fun to play, though I feel a little bit too easy even at hard mode. You can beat the game spamming dash and wait for a counter attack. The charge attack is too powerful that in many levels I just kill an enemy->charge attack->hope the damage can kill another->charge attack->loop, and killed everyone. This game is designed to be friendly to beginners so I think that's fine. But still hope there could be some challenge. Of course you can try to beat the game without all the tricks mentioned above and without any upgrades.The narration twist is like homage to Stanley Parable, but not as good. If you haven't played that game, you'd better try it  first. A lot of fun is lost if you don't play Stanley Parable totally blind. But ICEY, I'm still enjoying it after knowing all secrets about Stanley.And note one thing: I completed this game in 5 hours with all the achievements, so it's really short. If game length matters to you, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,553640,29544809,Posted: 28 January,all,accomando,"Never had so much fun in a game.  Gameplay, graphics, music are great. Reminds of of a 2D  DMC. What made me want to leave a positve review is my interactions with the dev.  (I'll just leave it at that)   I give this game 5 Stars!"
76561198065539847,Recommended,553640,27088113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AngryPanda,"This game is a rare breed xD.1º It´s a Hack and Slash Side-Scroller game so, if you played Devil May Cry or Bayonetta theres nothing new for you, in fact if you played with Vergil DMC 3 or DMC 4 SP, you will find the character moves are kinda familiar since she has some of the moves Vergil has and for me there nothing bad about it.Overall i can say the gameplay feels great, the moves are responsive, you have a good variety of moves, some moves are kinda useless you probably will not use them, but overall gameplay is good.So 9/10 for Gameplay2º Graphics as far is it go they are excellent for an indie game, there is atention to detail, the animations are soft and they are well done.So 9/10 for Graphics3º Level Design i can say they are not bad, every level has secrets rooms and that´s pretty good they gave you the option to explore more if you want but i gotta say some stages you will find familliar since they look alike, in that department they could improved a little.So 7/10 for Level Design4º This is a Linear style game, of course you can explore the levels because you will find secrets ( and you should explore), its nothing bad i like linear games, not every game has to be open-world , and since is level based you can choose the level you wanna replay that´s a great feature to have that i like.The game doesn´t last too long, it clock´s maybe for 3-4 hours, i would like more since i was really into it.So 8/10 Linear/Open World style5º Performance as it goes, i didn´t find too many frame drops, when you kill an enemy with special kill sometimes there drops but nothing crazy, didnt had crashes, so the performance is stable.So 9/10 for Performance6º Ok, the story, the story all i can say is batshit crazy xD, you control a girl named Icey and your objective is to kill Judas ( no, its not Judas from the Bible ) seems simple right? But here it comes the exploring, if you never follow the arrows that point to objectives the narrator will be mad because you dont follow his orders, so he starts rumbling "" as usual Icey didnt follow my words"" things like these xD. There a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of easter eggs about the game, and they are not hard to find at all so please, find them, you will laugh so hard with some xD.So for the Story i will give a 10/10 because of the easter eggs xD.Overall the game deserves an 8/10It´s a great game to have a good time, i can recommend to Hack and Slash fans and for people who wanna laugh, because this game will make you laugh for sure just because of the Narrator xD.Im sorry Narrator but il not give a 5 star rating is a 4.5 star ( you will understand the joke if you played the game xD)"
,Recommended,553640,30231915,Posted: 27 February,all,papertowels,"Astounding game. Great graphics, fighting animations/mechanics, and soundtrack.Best 2D side scroll game, I've ever played."
,Recommended,553640,30245519,Posted: 28 February,all,Dhommus,"[PT/BR]É um gayme divertido! Dá para passar algumas horinhas. Todavia, é muito curto. Dá para zerar com 5h de jogo e fazer 100% dos achivs nesse tempo. Recomendo somente se estiver com uma bela promoção."
,Recommended,553640,30245176,Posted: 28 February,all,Die from unknown AOE,Nice game~
,Recommended,553640,30232278,Posted: 27 February,all,Qu13t,That was an fabulous game. I've enjoyed. Even the Narrator So far S**ks
76561198200424728,Recommended,553640,30209980,Posted: 26 February,all,Somerh,Beautiful game
,Recommended,553640,30231754,Posted: 27 February,all,ChibiDash,"not exactly certain how to say it. There's quite a few different things you can do, most in which you ignore the narrator. Also narrator rate 5 stars cuz game told to. Best."
76561198086363210,Recommended,553640,30235326,Posted: 27 February,all,Kikyo,"I can't even kill the first boss- a big hand.  I dont know, it seems that it even doesnt have hp and no matter how much damage i caused, it is still alive."
,Recommended,553640,30212411,Posted: 26 February,all,Pam Poovey,"Get it. Wonderfully 4th wall breaking, but with some very good 2-D combat akin to Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, or the like."
76561198159430911,Recommended,553640,30635205,Posted: 20 March,all,freeze0,"Fantastic demonstration, excellent combat mechanics, intriguing story.Boss fights are very challenging and give me great satisfaction after defeating them.There is a lot to explore when it comes to hidden content.The only weakness to the gameplay is that the character is interrupted for a little too long after getting hit by enemies, i.e. it takes a while (for a fast paced hack and slash game) for Icey to recover from damage, so sometimes you will be dealt with massive damage with one mess-up because enemies can simply combo on you nonstop.I like the variety of skills available to Icey, however, it seems most of them are pretty useless because I don’t have time to execute them while busy avoiding boss attacks. But they are definitely fun factors when it comes to juggling small enemies."
,Recommended,553640,30382653,Posted: 7 March,all,ZexMaxwell,The visuals are stunning!Buy it!The Producer is famous!Buy it!There are so many reviews!Buy it!
76561198165142888,Recommended,553640,35326407,Posted: 30 September,all,Grey_Insanity,icey :3
,Recommended,553640,35442475,Posted: 3 October,all,S_Ripper,"I honestly can't remember why I bought this game, but I'm glad I did.The core combat mechanics aren't anything amazing or inivotive, but they're very well done. I fought enemies, and not my controller so that's always a plus. I enjoyed the art very much, as well as the music. But where the game really shined IMO, was the narration. The voice from beyond getting annoyed at me when I ignored his directions genuinely amused the hell out of me. The naggging, the whining, the outright begging that occurs when you ""go off script"" is brilliant and a lot of fun. Especially since I'm a player who likes going past where I'm supposed to turn to see what's around the next corner instead.Like I said, I'm not sure what made me buy the game. It was probably a combination of the summer sale price and the screenshots. But whatever the case, I had a lot of fun playing it, so I'm glad I got it."
,Recommended,553640,35508860,Posted: 5 October,all,new deck who dis,"This game is doooooope.I had my reservations, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Stanley Parrable meets Lovecraft meets Action Platformer.And all of the parts are amazing."
76561198065287920,Recommended,553640,28381495,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,dsagent,They game told me to give it five stars. I wanted to since I like it but steam does not have that system. Here is a thumbs up.
,Recommended,553640,29536419,Posted: 28 January,all,TheKeyLimit,"Icey from beginning to end is an exemplary journey with a lively narrator and beautiful combat. ICEY is very reminiscent of the Stanley Parable, in which there is a narrator, who you are free to obey to disobey to your likening, At it's core, if you follow along and do not amble from the path that the narrator sets out for you, is a fun 2d hack and slash, with fast paced slashing and dodging, with no blocking however it has a system reminiscent of Metal Gear Rising Revengeance, in which you will be able to execute low health enemies and regain your health. How ever, if you choose to ignore the narrator, it opens up to a deep and very philosophical journey in which you much question your self and the theory of consciouness and self. While i will try to not spoil anything, I HIGHLY advise you play the game more than once, with the FIRST time you play it, following along with the narrator, and the next play throughs disobeying and choosing your own path. Fantablade being a chinese dev team, chose to narrate the game in chinese. It gives the game a very expressive narration due to the Chinese language being very vocal, which is very fitting with the actions you take. However with the recent announcement that they will have an english voice over, with acclaimed Stephanie Joosten as the voice actor, it will for sure gain more attention, and It will be nice to see the comparison between Chinese and English voice overs. The music as well, is very fitting to each part of the maps, for example, in the sewers, the music is very dark and brooding and feels very tepid. In the town or the city, it is very futuristic and gives a lighter and more dancing vibe. The artwork is beautifully crafted and the effects when ICEY fights are very beautiful and flashy, and gives the attacks a lot of weight. The game is quite short, with being able to complete the game once over in little over an hour to two hours. However, to full complete the game, you should play through it several times. It's also one of the few games that made me become enchanted by a character, much less a protaganist. I highly recommend playing this game, and i feel i will come back to it once the english voice over is here."
76561197974158973,Recommended,553640,28694930,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Arctic,"Breaks the 4th wall a little too hard for my taste (I prefer a little more subtlety), but the combat is great and the music + graphics are very good. Overall it is very smooth gameplay with entertaining humorous dialogue. I also liked that all of the secrets were discoverable without an oddly specific guide (but some will still make you feel clever).Only two miscellaneous cons from me:- Kinda short with basically no replay value (once you've found the best ending)- ICEY is not really ice themed as I had hoped (you'll see)"
,Recommended,553640,31477211,Posted: 30 April,all,OmegaNine,"You can tell that this was a labor of love for the creators.  The art looks amazing, the humor is on par with Portal and the controls are tight.  I really wanted to love this game.  Its just one off from perfect in a way I can't explain.  While each level is beautifully created, there is no real level design.  When you fight its prety much just on a flat plain.  Its a lot of the same mobs over and over, which can be OK but some of them are just annoying to kill (Flying laser guys, im looking at you).This game shines in its boss fights, which are almost constant.  You might fight 1 or 2 screens of baddies before the next boss fight.  If you like boss fights and twitch controls, this is for you.For the price, the game is worth it.  Don't let them trap you in to playing it hard though, FFS the mobs are cheap on hard."
,Recommended,553640,27667954,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,please kill yourself :),:) this game is like the son i always wanted
,Recommended,553640,29534597,Posted: 27 January,all,TheComboAddict,"ICEY looks like a typical hack n slash on the surface. You might just be like I was when you saw this game. ""Ah, well, guess this will keep me busy until the next Devil May Cry 5, or such and such a hack n slash because I love ma sexy stylish combos""...and then you avoided it for a bit...and then came back later when you saw a sale and you are wondering...hm, well, might as well get it but...should I? I'll just be hacking and slashing but...are the combo mechanics good? Can I do the Devil May Crys?Well people. This is only ONE aspect of the game but not entirely the thing you actually should let concern you. The other aspect is what made me fall in love with the game for being so different than the usual hack n slash. Yes you can do the combos, yes you can do the jump cancels and dash cancels and parry timing issen counters...but how do we get to that point when we are making stylish combos....EXPERIMENTATION...right?.... RIGHT YOU ARE!This game from the very get go, tests your ability to experiment. Not just in combo, no, mostly in doing things you'd never otherwise do in a game in general. There exist triple A games that tell you where to go, what to do...but in this game, you don't need to do just that. In fact, doing the opposite is quite rewarding. In other words, this game is pulling a Stanley Parable (remember that game?).The game makes you fail over and over until you choose to allow for there to be story in your game (as if setting the game mode to easy) but this is a hoax! Yes, it may hurt your pride at first but...just believe in the game a bit. It wasn't trying to demasculate you and the such. It's merely a test of how willing you are to do something different...out of the ordinary. The narrator will tell you what to do...but you will be quite surprised when you try to do the opposite...of which I'm not spoiling. That's the whole purpose of the game after all. To play how you want. Play like a devil may cry pro, play like a one button masher, do what you are told, don't do what you are told. Though I will reccomended not doing what you are told...funny♥♥♥♥♥♥happens. SO BE EXPLORATIVE, BE EXPERIMENTAL, LOOK WHERE YOU NORMALLY WOULDN'T! You'll be surprised what you find and what this beautiful game has in store for you.Have fun...and definitely buy this game. You don't need to be into hack n slashes to really enjoy this one at all. Let's just say, it's like Stanley Parable, but with more icing on top. You won't just be walking in this game. How I wish I bought this on its release day."
76561198051684467,Recommended,553640,27003494,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Randomnumbers,The one game I half starved to finish. 10/10
,Recommended,553640,31423625,Posted: 28 April,all,Guiltna,"I got icey last night not knowing i would be playing still the sun rised. Game play is solid and highly enjoyable but what kept me going was the ""Meta"" story and trying to find everything there is to find.Over all 10 out of 10would make the narrator cry again."
,Recommended,553640,30485144,Posted: 12 March,all,Ylvenski,"A small indie title about an android/cyborg girl fighting her way through the lands to kill the evil one, Judas....It is so much more than that.This game is no AAA title; it's not without faults. For example, the combat is a little janky, it's very easy to get comboed into oblivion, the music doesn't quite loop properly, the english dub could be improved, and for a 2d action game it doesn't quite run 100% optimized.But still... it's $11 USD, and it goes on sale for fairly cheap. It has fun combat even with it's faults, a nice story, lots of secrets (it's mostly secrets tbh), and wonderful art.If this sort of game is your thing, I would definitely recommend picking it up!"
,Recommended,553640,26668784,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,stalkman farmskins.com,One of the best 2D side scrolling action game.Nothing more to say.And the way this game starts is kinda innovative.
76561198042449359,Recommended,553640,30124931,Posted: 23 February,all,Sypueria,"The game told me to review it 5/5 stars and recommend it as well as purchase another copy of the game, that's how good the game is and that is also why you should buy it."
76561198014587308,Recommended,553640,30213182,Posted: 26 February,all,gadeel,"Just got the update.  Seems a bit quiet, though."
,Recommended,553640,28881929,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mordred,"Though I haven't played much, the game controls very well, with satisfying attacks and a finisher mechanic that heals you, sort of like Metal Gear Rising. The art and music are also fantastic, and though the Narrator only speaks in Chinese, the subtitles are well translated. It seems to me that the game is rather short, based on other reviews, but I still absolutely recommend it."
,Recommended,553640,29407661,Posted: 21 January,all,Quantum Angel,YES
,Recommended,553640,30230229,Posted: 27 February,all,GeekyiSland,ICEY TOLD ME TO REVIEW THIS GAME WITH 5 STAR
,Recommended,553640,30239512,Posted: 28 February,all,Riku,"For an achievement mad man like me, this game was offensive in a good way. If you like fast paced action with narration ala Stanley Parable, get it."
76561198003798869,Recommended,553640,26690794,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Vermillion,"2D scroller meets Stanley Parable in a decent package that is less than 6 hours. Amusing, sure. A stunning piece of work? not necessarily.Though the game borrows rather greatly from a multitude of concepts from the likes of the aforementioned Stanley Parable META-Narrator, the Issen mechanics of Onimusha and the aesthetics of an even more cyberpunk Megaman Zero, it is good to see Chinese games that are trying to break the mould of the current Chinese gaming market, which is a market dedicated to casual MMORPGs, MOBAs and phone games with endless microtransactions.Where this company takes itself after this game's sale is beyond me, but this mesh-up of concepts is original enough to be chewed as is without me having to concern myself about eating a product that is cooked with dodgy Chinese food oil.I am recommending this game because it is venturing places that big Chinese gaming companies wouldn't and because it isn't entirely trying to rip you off. I know, a bit lenient for normal standards, but a pass for what it's achieving under it's environment and circumstance.Oh, also, I will excuse the tongue-in-cheek advertisement just this once. But please no more. (You'll understand when you reach the theater).P.S: Female Protagonist could use a better voice actor (Very serious about this)."
,Not Recommended,553640,28688426,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,OverworldLord,"Unfortanately, I was unable to play this game after a certain point early in the story. I am using an Xbox 360 controller with the official drivers, which is apparently the cause of a crash less than 10 minutes into the game. I have tried all of the fixes I could find, including running steam and the game in administrator mode, and running in the 'Xinput beta mode.' All of these failed, so I was unable to play the game. I will update my review when these problems are fixed.I am unsure whether or not other control schemes are experiencing the same problem."
,Recommended,553640,28106125,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,The best thing in my hour of gameplay was the narrator. He’s a Chinese guy who’s basically explaining the story as ICEY goes about her business but the best thing to do is not follow his instructions. This lets you find all kinds of secret places like undeveloped areas of the game and it’s pretty funny as the narrator tells you off for not listening to him. The way the real world and I game worlds blurred together gave me some flash backs to SUPERHOT as well which is definitely no bad thing.For the full review check out my first impressions video on ICEY. It's only a minute long!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8VkLLaM3hk&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,553640,30210402,Posted: 26 February,all,BlazeFlash,"Awesome! Will play again with english voiceover. It's not just a game, it's more of an experience."
,Recommended,553640,32743239,Posted: 24 June,all,Bob,I give this game 5 stars.Beacuse it told me to.Do what the game tells you.Give it 5 stars.
,Recommended,553640,26720528,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mad Futurist,This is how games should be: FUN
,Recommended,553640,35122664,Posted: 22 September,all,Kar98k,This game is very good！！！I love it       Hope you can play it too
,Recommended,553640,30218022,Posted: 27 February,all,MTTGamerX,Do you love 2D side-scrolling games? Yes?Then its a MUST BUY!Great game!
76561198058281613,Recommended,553640,30223227,Posted: 27 February,all,ChoppyRaptor,"It's like The Stanley Parable except it has gameplay.Alternatively, it's Dust: An Elysian Tail without the annoying flying fox."
76561198108976459,Recommended,553640,30208307,Posted: 26 February,all,DOOD BRO,5 STARSI empathise with you.
,Recommended,553640,30209200,Posted: 26 February,all,Brian Darnok,"Looks good, feels good. Something amazing go get you mind away from stuff and just play.The narrator is amazing. With all the easteregss and such. :)Totally recommended!"
76561198108182305,Recommended,553640,26703165,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Limeativity,"Five stars, cuz the narrator told me to."
,Not Recommended,553640,30176726,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr Bombastic,"The combat and story are fun, but each boss fight so far has been horribly designed and incredibly un-fun to play against, with Jack and carlos being the biggest offenders.  Only reccomened if you don't mind unfair, spammy boss fights,"
,Not Recommended,553640,28927156,Posted: 1 January,all,yerhoo,"Honestly, I tried really hard to enjoy this game. I saw it on steam a few months ago and was really excited to get it and give it a try, as it had good reviews. I'm sure some of you will enjoy it, but personally I didn't. The controls are strange, which is fine, but the tutorial is very lack luster, and I was left confused for my play through wondering how dodges worked. I discovered combos were a thing right at the end of my playthrough. Combos didn't seem necessary when I could just as easily button mash and still kill the enemy just fine with no damage taken. The upgrades are also a little bit underwhelming. I would love to see the upgrades add more variation beyond pressing J and I repeatedly. OST is alright from what I heard, and the art is nice to look at.My main problem, is the narration feels very forced at times. I understand where the inspiration for this game comes from, but it feels like the game was created purposely to try and push players not to listen to the narrator and to go out and find stuff, rather than surprising the player with the ability to ignore the narrator. I wish ignoring the narrator was just more subtle. Other than that, the fourth wall breaking is a nice touch, but it feels, again, very forced, as if the game ""breaking"" or ""getting to an unfinished level"" was so forced that the narrator, or game creator, tried so hard to force the player to experience that moment. I didn't feel like I was discovering things I wasnt supposed to, just because it was so easy to leave. Good moments involved the game going into some sort of console and toying with its own playability. I would've loved to see that expanded upon, as it instantly reminded me of games like Pony Island and SuperHot.Aside from that, I'm sure some of you will enjoy the game. Give it a try if you've enjoyed The Stanley Parable and games of the like. Just for me personally, it wasnt a game I enjoyed."
,Recommended,553640,29630921,Posted: 1 February,all,*^SaoSin^*,"Breathtaking action side scroller.ICEY is providing smooth graphics, satisfying brawler combat, and great narration. I can see why it took over a decade to complete this gem, every player will be delighted. People worked on it soo hard, also in a story aspect, perfect. The way you influence the gameplay with  choices are good, and each time you discover something new from creator life. Everything is reasonable by the rules of the maker, if you know Talos Principle you will feel at home with the mood. You wanna know something? Be ready to take punishment.Narrator is great on his entertaining part, and ICEY on the other hand is wild and enigmatic the way she ends up being depends on you, RPG elements are visible in upgrades too although quite small. Everything is unpredictible with every corner for explorers. And that's how its meant to be.Leaving it without 100% playthrough is not an option. Game can be annoying though, for people who dislike repeating sections of the game. There is a lot of waiting for Narrator dialogue to end, then moving on.ALSO THIS COMBAT IS DAMN HYPNOTIZING. With that music, you want to slash endlessly with testing out diffrent moves/combinationsonce you get used to fights you feel like a GOD. Hell no turning back then. I am quite surprised that despite some special moves game can be easly played on keyboard. Last but not least. Most important. I concidered not doing what the game wants me to, also thinking about why do I do things? Meanwhile getting into mind of creator. What is real? Why do I get controled and guided?All these answers you will find with ICEY,absolutely recommended. I wish it was longer."
,Recommended,553640,33120364,Posted: 2 July,all,§_hi_§,The game is fun and I enjoy the difficulty of the fights but sometimes I end up finding my self getting perma crowd controlled and lose all my health. Most of the time it's the damn flying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who get me into the permant cc cycle. I am really enjoying the game got the difficulty I've been looking for but I am doing first run on hard so I have no idea if the other difficulty would give me the same rush as hard.Long story short i recommendthis gameedit: the narrator for english is mint!!!
76561198105553469,Recommended,553640,27076874,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,All I Watch Is Hentai,"I rate, Five Stars."
,Recommended,553640,26739677,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,White5hade,This game is brilliant. Dev deserves 5 stars even though I can't give it to them on steam.
76561198342215462,Recommended,553640,29550016,Posted: 28 January,all,Ant,"Absolutely amazing game with an equaly amazing visuals and meta narrative.Unfortunately not very long, I managed to get all trophies in cca. 5 hours on hard. (Although after finishing the game, I used a guide for the things I missed.)I still encourage anyone and everyone to buy it, it's quite the experience."
,Recommended,553640,28298276,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TOXIC7GAB,10/10 must buy
,Recommended,553640,28353471,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Asyrex,☆☆☆☆☆ - The visuals are stunning! Buy it!
,Recommended,553640,28446776,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,GoooD,This game Dev begs you to buy another copy of the game. 11/10
,Recommended,553640,28419980,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,borc,There are so many reviews! Buy it!
76561198041423140,Recommended,553640,27764183,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ForgiveHer,"i am chinese, i bought this game on steam, i am contributing. i wish ppl can buy it if they like it even they download the pirate version. come on chinese, where else you gonna spend your money other than your own nation ?!"
,Recommended,553640,29859650,Posted: 11 February,all,SOla LG,"Even finished, this game offer a lot of secret"
,Recommended,553640,28717193,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DraikTempest,"The game has a fast paced combat system with responsive mechanics that punish mistakes while rewarding perfect execution.  The story has a lot of biblical references, though most of them went over my head and caused me to think things were going to turn out differently than they did.  The music sets a very serious and action based tone.ICEY is also a lot more humourous than I was initially suspecting it would be, which I shouldn't be surprised with a meta style game like this.  There's a lot of yelling at the player if they make mistakes or don't react in the way they are meant to.  It isn't everyone's style of humour, however, and the fact that it was done entirely in Chinese made me need to read more than I listened, and caused a few mistakes.Definitely something to pick up, on sale or not, though the 6 hours it took me to beat it means it's a little short.  I would not mind waiting for a sequel, or seeing what other games this developer can make."
,Recommended,553640,26764327,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FeZn,Stupidest voice-over.10/10
,Recommended,553640,26711452,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,PermaVirgin,Just now you were doing super sick air combos trying to get a high combo count and 1 minute later you're listening to a phone call between the narrator and the publisher with a music video of a chinese girl band in the background.It's a good game
,Recommended,553640,26669704,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ghost spider man,"Negatives at the bottom.Very fun game. The interactions with the narrator make it seem almost personal. The narrator's frustration when you don't listen and the relief when you do feels genuine. Combat is quick and easy to pick up. Gameplay is not extremely long, but the levels are open to exploration and everything looks amazing. One of the few games where you are rewarded for annoying someone repeatedly.My only issue was continuity with controller menu navigation. Sometimes the game wouldn't respond to controller inputs in menus, instead waiting until the corresponding keyboard key was pressed. While I learnt to see where I would need to use a keyboard as it was consistent, it still frustrated me as the majority of the menus responded to controller. Not a game-breaking bug, but I'm lazy and I don't like moving from my comfortable position to press a single key then go back."
,Recommended,553640,29309214,Posted: 16 January,all,Icingonthebeard,"I'll admit it took some getting used to. I found a lot of the ""meta"" scenes to be stripped a little too directly from Stanley Parable. The only difference being it lacked the charisma and character that game has.As I progressed, I was noticing some newer things. Some of it made me chuckle. It's definitely not a bad experience. The gameplay is tight, the visuals are pretty. For 10-ish dollars, it is perfectly priced. The music is pretty awesome too, I just wished it transitioned smoother in it's loop.You may agree with me, you may disagree. Regardless, the game is an easy 7/10. You'll find it worth your time if you liked Dust: An Elysian Tail and of course, Stanley Parable."
,Recommended,553640,26744278,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Frost,"Definitely recommending this game! At such a low price, this games gives so much fun and joy! I LOVE the narrating, the fast-paced action, the slight story plot from now and then, and also the gorgeous graphics that even my downright awful laptop can run! Although sometimes the controller seem to be not that responsive (xbox controller, I blame it, not the game lol), the experience is really awesome!*It's also nice to see the option to repeat certain ""scenes"" in the game to complete achievements and return to what you'd missed~~~!overall great game, would give 5/5 stars, just because the narrator told me to ;p"
76561198088958637,Recommended,553640,26688009,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,xpns,Don't listen to the narration ! just don't!
,Recommended,553640,28626434,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,z0grim,"""The visuals are stunning! Buy it!""""The producer is famous! Buy it!""""There are so many reviews! Buy it!"""
76561198043962105,Recommended,553640,26696630,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,LumberingCrane,"Ok, as promised to the narrator, I will now give this game five stars.★★★★★I appreciate you spending 10 years making this game, although the 'demonic enemies and absorbing their powers' part of the game would've been nice to have."
76561198073972862,Recommended,553640,26871311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maggo 0815,I AM GOING TO BEAT THIS! EVENTUALLY!NEVER SURRENDER! jjjijiiiijol joijoijoojoll
76561198261006644,Recommended,553640,27519211,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sicario,YOOOOOOOOO ITS LIT AND FIRE. Just buy it please. WORTH IT
76561198086235840,Not Recommended,553640,33054951,Posted: 30 June,all,Seal Yaggington,"Icey isn't a bad game, it just didn't meet my expectations. I got really excited when I heard that this was a meta game like the Stanley Parable, but this game doesn't execute it nearly as well as the Stanley Parable and I'm not really a fan of the voice of the narrator (they aren't a very convincing voice actor). I don't feel like the game is adding any useful commentary on gamers or gaming as a medium, it's just trying to be like other meta games by being like the Stanley Parable. So the meta game aspect wasn't really what I had hoped, but the rest of the game isn't great either, it's just alright. The story purposefully feels really lame and presents a lot of itself by simply telling you what you're doing, not having you form your own opinions about anything, which is only meant to help the meta aspect of the game that is already flawed. They just kind of tell you that ""Judas is evil and must die"" a lot and it really gets old. Other than that, the gameplay is fun, but feels a lot like it's a 2D version of Metal Gear Rising: Revengence (a very dumb title for a game). I might as well just call this game Meta Game Rising. If I had to sum up my experience of this game, it'd be a 6/10 because it fails to excel at anything in my opinion."
,Recommended,553640,30273803,Posted: 1 March,all,Mr. Orthoclase,"Played it on hard and had a great 6+ hours getting all the achievements.  It's a fun game, lots of sensible chuckles were had at the dialogue and the cleverness, as well as the actual 2D action.  I love games like the Stanley Parable and this was in a very similar vein in that the developer has thought of numerous ways for you to 'disobey' him and planned accordingly.The combat is fun, quick, and easy to pick up (even though I never felt like I mastered the counter dash), and offers a decent challenge on hard, but is quite broken if you pick up certain skills which allow you to spend HP to utilize very strong attacks which another ability, in turn, allows you to replenish your health.  But the gameplay itself remind me of a very very light Platinum-style game."
76561198028003025,Recommended,553640,30391488,Posted: 8 March,all,Cylent,"Amazing game, bought it on a whim because I'm a fan of spectacle fighters and wasn't disappointed while being pleasantly surprised by the narrative attached.Short but very fun and interesting, more than worth it's price."
,Recommended,553640,30421337,Posted: 9 March,all,histora,"Pretty cool game. LOTS and LOTS of secrets that is fun to complete!Gameplay is EXTREMMELY SMOOTH. Most bosses are very simple to beat when countering their attack patterns or exploiting their weaknesses (on hard mode). [ Except JACK... HE'S FRUSTRATINGLY ANNOYING... ]Quite short journey through the game. Not bragging, but it took me only 7 hours to finish the game; together with all the acheivements. (Afterall it is an action-based game)Moreover, game was totally worth the money, enjoyed EVERY last bit of the game... from beginning till end.- Easily a 8/10 (Level of Fun) for me."
76561198015747367,Recommended,553640,26665755,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,zoza,"Great side scrolling game, I don't recommend playing on keyboard , Took some time to get use too. All in all fun fast paced side scrolling game."
76561198114704684,Recommended,553640,29129597,Posted: 8 January,all,Bot Danny,Excellent game! It's like a combination of Stanley Parable and 2D Devil May Cry. Nice action and great storyline. 最后支持国产！
76561198084438279,Recommended,553640,27201476,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noueiry,NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!UCEYYYYY COME BACKKKKKK     ;(
76561198058257182,Recommended,553640,29991585,Posted: 17 February,all,Yato,"This game is very unique. Many people didn't recommend this game due to how short it was or how the pc controls aren't the best. I didn't mind either. Honestly, this is one of the most unique games ive played in a long long time. This uniqueness is all due to it's story. There are so many little easter eggs to find and it opens up a whole new light on real problems with developing a game. All I have to say is that this game is worth the money if you just want a game to sit back and relax. I would give this game a 9/10 for its unique story and about 8/10 for its gameplay. And also...the narrator told me to give it five stars...★★★★★ ;)UPDATE: I'm excited to see that there is free dlc and that makes me very happy that they are making more content for this amazing game ^^ also they added different languages and voice overs. IN MY OPINION, I think the english voice actor for the narrator was too ""robotic"" sounding unlike the Chinese voice actor who has much more personality. Easy way to fix this is in the menu options so it isn't game ruining."
,Recommended,553640,28950806,Posted: 2 January,all,Zarek,Narrator asked me to give the game a good review. It's the least i can do for not following the arrows.
,Recommended,553640,28995454,Posted: 3 January,all,ICEY,"Great soundtrack, intuitive combat, the narrator can be humourous, and very afordable. Awesome buy and I highly suggest it."
,Recommended,553640,29076803,Posted: 6 January,all,Spray,"Amazing gameplay, good music, decent story with a touch of humor from the dev.I really enjoyed ICEY, the only drawback was its length. Barely 4h to beat hard mode (I have more to explore ofc but the game feels a bit too short)Let's hope there will be a follow up or more content!"
76561198006950135,Recommended,553640,29041091,Posted: 5 January,all,Bearic,This game is magnificent. Fun action-fighting metroidvania sort of game with cute meta-narrative and well worth the asking price. BUY ANOTHER COPY!
76561198071373461,Recommended,553640,29003039,Posted: 4 January,all,reddot24,Best 2D action game I've played in years. MUCH more that meets the eye with this one though; think Strider mixed with The Stanley Parable.
76561198146935779,Recommended,553640,29043129,Posted: 5 January,all,got2bironic,I found a poorly drawn black and white forest and then the narrator begged me for a five star rating10/10 would buy another copy
,Recommended,553640,29411258,Posted: 21 January,all,Pushmeout,"The game is a bit short, but totally worth the price. The art is beautiful, the narrator is extremely funny, the references are cool and the gameplay is fluid and simple and the difficult is challenging. I just think the OST could be better worked on, but it's not an issue.9/10 will totally get all achievements."
,Recommended,553640,32745064,Posted: 24 June,all,Thahunter,"At first, I was confused and kind of sceptical... but as soon as everything got clear...Wow! Glad I spent my money on this. In other words: if you like action, some humour and story added to that...buy it! I can absolutely recommend it."
76561198192730615,Recommended,553640,29382374,Posted: 20 January,all,Ace~,"How could this Game Be So GOOD! IF You Understand Chinese, U will know how great this game was!"
,Recommended,553640,29048357,Posted: 5 January,all,Dsc,"Stanley Parable + Dust, metagaming with VERY good combat gameplay, play on hard.2D side scrolling brawler with a ""twist""Going to my top games of all time for sure."
,Recommended,553640,28827927,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ronzzon,Easter eggs. Easter eggs everywhere. So many easter eggs that you will easily lose your way if you don't listen to the narrator. Seriously. This game is fun.
,Not Recommended,553640,30632624,Posted: 20 March,all,trollhipp0,"Parts of the game were pretty enjoyable, but overall, I can't recommend because it had some pretty fatal flaws that frustrated me in the end.This game had a lot of potential, including screwing with the narrator, the initial intrigue and metaness of the story, and the varied combat system. But in the end, the repetitive and unforgiving combat ends up being pretty anti-fun when you have to sit through 20 seconds of dialogue just to get stun-locked again. And many of your combat upgrades are useless, since the only things that matter are your counter-dash and maybe your specials (you have about a dozen combos which don't really matter because you will get knocked out of all of them). If you get hit (the tells are very short, and attack patterns are fairly random), then you can get stun locked for basically up to 75% of your hp.Also, the story gets pretty confusing as you do all the side endings.  There's lots of cryptic messages sprinkled throughout, which are interesting at first, but it never really feels like it comes together, even in the true ending."
,Recommended,553640,30374770,Posted: 7 March,all,">""L.Hübscher SEA BEAR. 👺","ICEY is a game that feels very similar to The Stanley Parable from its core idea, but has some actual gameplay which is pretty fun. As a ""meta game"" however it just doesn't reach the same brilliance, the same cleverness that Stanley had. The true ending was great nevertheless, really liked that idea.The only thing that really bothered me was the english narrator, had to switch him out after the first twenty minutes or so. He isn't exactly bad, but he just sounds too demotivated, which is especially irritating when the text suggests he's supposed to be angry at you.Took me about four hours to complete it 100%, which is totally okay regarding the price and the quality. Recommended."
76561198064600175,Not Recommended,553640,29871917,Posted: 12 February,all,Rushcore,"Interesting graphics and game play, the only reason im giving this a not recommended is the controls, they are stiff and really awful and dont feel fluid at all, its hard to aim any attacks at all, specially in airborne targets which makes the game alot more dificult than it should be. Very short game as well, feels like u r just running through a boss mashup as an end game bonus on any other game. Also no clear dificulty setting change."
76561198250319956,Recommended,553640,34912975,Posted: 12 September,all,Paikin Pe,nice game  i like it !
,Recommended,553640,26719936,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Nightow,"A very surreal and stylish game with a hilarious narrator. It's a good mix of DMC with stylish 2D anime graphics and some comedy mixed in. I don't normally leave reviews but the creator asked me, so I obliged."
76561198032707365,Recommended,553640,30222071,Posted: 27 February,all,yojimbo167,The game is fun. Plain and simple. Short? Yes. For the money worth the buy? Absolutely. I need more DLC. Narrator...plz.
,Recommended,553640,30215984,Posted: 27 February,all,GIANTDAWRF,★ ★ ★ ★ ★
,Not Recommended,553640,30660797,Posted: 21 March,all,Kokonoe,"Maybe these kind of games aren't my thing.I felt the gameplay to be extremely repetitive and unrewarding, even on the hardest difficulty. I could just mash square and get away with it.Backtracking and repeating sections due to completing an ending is extremely annoying and only serves to pad out gameplay time rather than adding any substance.Without spoiling anything...the story comes off as a little pretentious and feels like more of a frustrated game developer's diary than a story that was meant for the people playing it.On the sound sides of things, the soundtrack is an unambitious electronic/orchestra deal. Nothing really sounds terrible, but on the other hand, nothing really stands out either. The voice acting in the game is absolutely atrocious and the narrator does not try at all. I tend to play all games in English if there's an option for it so I have a high tolerance for the typical anime/videogame voice actor cheese that is usually common, but even I have my limits. At least most anime/video game VAs actually give effort.If you like mashing attack buttons in hack and slash games and can deal with repeating sections of games, give this game a shot. If you don't like that and dislike pretentious stories, save your money."
,Not Recommended,553640,29017310,Posted: 4 January,all,ryllian,"Game lacks ""I"" frames instead it relies on a mini-shield. Hits to the shield still do full damage your health. Once the shield goes down you enter a stun animation and your free game(which is about one hit from anything)  Anything other than the starting trash mobs will attack through your attacks/attack animations so you have to use skill to fight them (which is great as it's not a mindless masher) but one hit from anything on (or off) screen and your stunlocked.Sound? Great.GFX? Great.Combat/controls? Responsive and fun.id love this combat system made by a better company.A pro/con would be the narrator. If you enjoy fourth wall breaking cheesy humor it's fine, if not... it's the centerpiece of the game. The audio is chinese only (and clearly stated so on the purchase page, only the interface and subtitles are english) so GL reading while you're in combat. TBH I can't see it costing much to have someone read the lines in english if you want to market to an english audience. If you are a grammar-nazi reading this game will drive you up a wall lol"
76561198048413535,Not Recommended,553640,30806518,Posted: 28 March,all,DireOwl,"Update: I played the game again on normal difficulty. I saw the great reviews that this game has and thought, well there must be something here so maybe I'll play at least a little further in. No, it just made me dislike this game ever so more. The narrator's voice and voicelines are so bad. ""Icey jumped over [insert what she jumped over]"", ""Icey fell down [insert what she fell down]"". It just starts to make you go crazy. I understand that the creator did that, so that when you get to the Stanley Parable parts, where you can go off course, it feels more like you are denying something strict and obvious, but it ends up being just annoying because there was no choice there, there was no plot there, you were just going through the level. And the voice acting, plain and simple, was bad.But what irritated me the most and probably makes this one of my most disliked games of all time, is that when you deny the narrator, go to this warehouse area, and go through a door, there is a loosely drawn level, and the creator of the game with the annoying voice actor cries to you about how he spent ten years getting to this point in the game development, how he is just a small indie developer who is strapped for cash, and how he put so much time and effort into developing this game. AND THEN HE HAS THE NERVE TO TELL YOU TO GIVE HIS GAME A 5 STAR RATING, because he says, glitches and a lack of content are to be expected of a low budget game like this, you spend all your money on games made on big developers that you won't even finish SO WHY NOT 5 STAR THIS AND BUY ANOTHER COPY! I probably sound a jerk here. Indie developers do have a hard time getting cash and they have to work epecially long and hard at making their games, but let me tell you. This is not the only Indie game on Steam by far. This is not the best Indie game on Steam by far. So don't try to make people impressed with you / pity you and then make them feel bad about buying too many games and then TELL THEM TO GIVE YOU A FULL 5 STAR RATING when the game does not deserve it. And people on Steam have bought into this and reviewed this game extremely positively, increasing sales (just look at some of them simply say they rated it positively because of the narrator). If you liked the game, great, but the reviews should not be skewed because of this kind of overly unhumble entreaty.... I also want to note that the combat is not bad but not great. The dodge counter system for larger enemies is good. Combat is not as smooth as Dust: An Elysian Tale, though, by far, because of unpolished enemy attacks (and their attack ranges) and the fact that there isn't any actual way to dodge (the dash, unless in the counter movement, will just make you or the shield get hit).The voice acting for Dust was much better as well as it actually had emotion and feeling in it.The story after the beginning just sounds ridiculous, talking about how the evil cyborg Judas wants to ""create a child of god"". I don't know if this is a bad mistranslation, but this is the type of theme that I have seen poorly adapted by a lot of chinese media like Manhua and novels (there are good Chinese media out there like ISSTH, though). The narrator also talks about how Icey feels like the sewer level didn't used to be a sewer, but you look at the design for the level and how the walkway and sewer walls are and I'm pretty sure that it is a typical large sewer but with evil robots and raised platforms. I guess it could be a train tunnel but train tunnels don't have sheer drop offs.The game is very hard (because of the enemy design) on hard mode, but is much easier on normal mode.I'm doing this review in the hopes that you, the reader, are more informed than I was before buying this game. I'd give this game 2.5 stars or a 5/10. I'd give it a 6.5/10 if it didn't have the begging scene and narrator with some feeling.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I saw this game on sale for a pretty good price. Good thing that it was for a good price because I'm not going to be able to finish it. It seemed okay at first. You play a Hatsune Miku like character and go through interesting levels with interesting art. There is a hint toward a complex storyline with unexpected twists. However, after getting past the tutorial a narrator comes out and starts narrating everything that you do. I know that there are some popular games out there that do this, but, for myself, it just really annoys me unless I really like the voice of the voice actor or it is the type of game where a narrator's voice acting gives a nice comedic effect to the story (this is only viable in certian kinds of storylines in my opinion). Thus, the average voice acting and uninteresting lines just drove me away from this game.The other reason that I couldn't play this game to the end is that they introduce these extremely annoying fly things that shoot instant laser beams at you. This would be fine normally (I find these annoying but not game breaking in most games), however, 1. the laser beams stun you, 2. the rate of fire is about two seconds, 3. multiple flies start showing up, 4. there are other enemies that are designed to punish you when you jump to destroy the flies, and 5. the beams cover a lot of the level and if you dash through them you get hit. So, you just keep constantly dying, because you can't kill the flies without taking massive damage and neither can you defeat the enemies because the flies will inevitably stun block you and you'll get hit for massive damage by the horde around you.The art is good for a low budget game but I didn't especially like it enough to overlook its flaws. I really don't like the design of the villain.The music cut out often and I didn't especially like it.I confess that I started the game and ended up choosing hard difficulty. I could go back, reset the game, and choose easy mode, but I don't find it worth it at this moment. The story might be worth it, but everything else isn't."
,Recommended,553640,26744550,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,KcWolf,看在十年的份上，给个五星好评+1
76561198099699298,Recommended,553640,26759479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,别忘了 你可是 齐天大圣 ！,真的好，支持 国产 ！！！
76561198092412233,Not Recommended,553640,33109287,Posted: 1 July,all,Yaminichi,"This game is brutal. This game actively works to make sure that you can't beat it. Chances are, you'll get to a point in your first playthrough where you won't be able to make it any further because you bought the wrong upgrade. Then you get the joy of playing it all over again to purchase the right things so you can actually beat the game. The game is also very short, which was dissapointing. My only advice if you want to play this game is, if you're used to playing really difficult games, put this on easy and you'll probably make it to the end if you spam deadly disc, execute, and overcharge. If you want to play a better version of this, play Strider."
76561198191499429,Recommended,553640,26757503,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Michael Jackson,这是一款用心了的游戏。---------------------------------动作衔接流畅，但有的动作不符合人体动力学，细节地方还需要斟酌，关于剧情的话，太过于简单，直线收集多，meta的类别下代入感并不是很强7/10
,Not Recommended,553640,30280225,Posted: 2 March,all,Supa,"Okay so you control a character and smack some robots while listening to a meta narrative or whatever its called. So at first it looks like a pretty cool and visually slick 2D action game. One of the big cons with this game would be that it is very short. You can beat it blind under 2 hours unless you stop by to mess with the narrator. Now sure game having a short story mode doesnt necessarily mean that the whole game is bad... But with a combat system this braindead I cant see any replay value in it.You spam X (on Xbox360 controller) and when enemies drop low you press B. You can also press Y for heavy attacks but the animation is so much slower that you might aswell never do that. Theres some combos but its mostly just X, X, Y or X, X, X, X that will result in slightly different animations and damage I suppose. You can launch some enemies into the air and juggle them but its so basic that it cant give the player a ""git gud"" itch and thus really hurting the logevity of the game.Oh and dash doesnt give you any(?) invul frames which is really weird considering that majority of action games do that and actually even when you get hit you get no invul frames. So with some bad luck enemies can bounce you around for quite a while. The amount of dashes you can perform is also ridiculous. And you can dash upwards so you will be just flying most of the fight because uh bad design choices.Each enemy has very samey approach and it just feels like ""yea this one has more hp and damage"". But hey some enemies are ranged so they surely will change your combat approach somehow right!? Well not really.. Because you can just go and dash right next to them and start spamming X just like you would do to any enemy. Enemies will also often attack without giving you an time to react mainly because theyre either missing appropriate visual and/or sound cues or theyre just blending with the other enemies/objects in the 2D space. Also you cannot cancel your attacks into dash so yea.. But taking random chip damage doesnt matter because they have this feature in the game that is shield.Shield. Shield is like extra armor. Passive thing. It absorbs the incoming damage and doesnt break your combo as long as you have it. To replenish your shield you finish an enemy with B when they get weak. Now what this does it pretty much drives the combat even more into the X, X, X, X spam where you just kill the enemy before it can break your shield and then finish it with B restoring your shield. Now I'm no game designer but I would like to think that a 2D action game would benefit greatly from having a combat system that emphasizes on evasion and enemy variety that will force the player to approach fights differently but now you just zip zap everywhere effortlessly and then spam everything down.Oh and the meta narrative... I mean I knew it was a thing in the game but I didnt think that it would play this big role in it. Not only that again: it hurts the replayability. But the dialogue is so stupid that I cant believe anyone enjoying it unless they're 12 (mentally). Its goes like ""And then ICEY jumped over the pits"" but if you fall into the pit (like really super easy ""platforming"") he will say stuff like ""But ICEY slipped"" and if you repeat it he will change his tone and be like ""Are you doing this in purpose just to toy with me"" and then the game gives you achievement. And no theres parts like that all over the game. I have nothing against the partial meta stuff in games but it uses it so much that its just UGHHH...Yea I'm just really disappointed that this wasnt a good 2D platformer/hack and slash.Like if youre looking for some short casual metafun I guess it could do but I mean theres a lot better options for that kind of games right?"
,Recommended,553640,30159829,Posted: 24 February,all,GD,"Narration isn't English, it's Chinese. But it shouldn't draw you away from the experience. It's a very hack and slash game similar to Dust AET. The bosses are a tad difficult on the other side and can be frustrating. If you've played Stanley Parable, the narrative is similar to that.Just see ICEY as the ""DIET"" version of Stanley Parable. It's not as witty and can feel a bit forced sometimes.If you want more Stanley experience but in an action game, you may like this.Edit: They added an English voices recently!"
,Recommended,553640,26725980,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,NME Plays,"https://youtu.be/yGoGQXjUXi8A fun futuristic 2D platformer which seems to pull inspiration from Castlevania, Megaman X, and The Stanley Parable.  While I feel it falls a bit short in how it draws from all of these franchises, the game as a whole is still very well done.This game is beatiful from the beginning.  You have amazingly crafted backgrounds, which really shouldn't just be ignored.  The protagonist, ICEY, feels right at home on any screen, and the minions who shall soon be turned to scrap do too.  The movement and combos flow really well also, but it runs in to a bit of a snag when you try to break boxes and it takes 5 hits to break, but after 3 you've naturally moved away from the hit box.  Or when you get stuck in a certain bosses grapple attack, there isn't a fluid animation, ICEY just twitches like crazy in his arms.The fights themselves do tend to drag on a bit long.  This is mostly with trash enemies you clear on the way to bosses.  Some of the fights go on for a few minutes, where you aren't in any real danger, they just take a while to die.  Boss fights seemed right on point though.  They last between 1-4 minutes each, and do require that you pay attention and exploit weaknesses just as you'd expect from a game of this type.The game does feel very natural with a controller.  I used an Xbox One controller, and the game felt like it was designed for that far more than a keyboard.  I would assume almost any controller would work equally well.There isn't a sprawling map to explore like Metroidvania type games, and returning to previous areas with new abilities is almost non existant.  There are 2 upgrades you can get, which are given very quickly, and then the upgrade process seems forgotten all together.  You can purchase new combos and attacks, but there are so many options, and mashing buttons tends to work just fine anyway.  Then we have the narrator.  I don't feel like the developer was actually going for a Stanley Parable comparison.  The difference between the two, is that in The Stanley Parable, the narrator is the game.  Everything you do is to see how he'll react, or what will happen if you obey or disobey.  ICEY's narrator acts like more of a guide, and occasional comic relief.  He is in no way the star of the show like Stanley's overwatcher is, but I feel like he serves an important purpose to let you peak around the 4th wall, without always outright breaking it down.Total playtime was about 2 hours until the last boss was killed, as a standard blind run on easy.  A handful of deaths throughout the game, but nothing that I felt was unfair, or overly challenging.  After making a mistake and getting killed, it was almost always easy to identify my mistakes, and correct them next attempt.  Only once did I have to complete a significant amount of the game again because of a death, because the auto save locations are very well placed."
,Recommended,553640,32796011,Posted: 25 June,all,ジル・スティングレイ,"A very good game, easy controls, and an amazing idea, the narrator talking about everthing of you do is genial. And he is very sadic too, it's a good game to spent some hours of your day."
76561198065584247,Recommended,553640,29543595,Posted: 28 January,all,InSpades,Look at all the reviews! Buy it!
76561198058679715,Not Recommended,553640,30285227,Posted: 2 March,all,PingerSurprise,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't understand all the praise: on Normal, the sewer level (which is already one of the worst clichés in video game history) is impossible to beat as long as you lose your shield, which is immediately at the 4th sreen of the level! Don't buy this game, it had potential, but it sucks ballllllls!"
76561198035820408,Not Recommended,553640,30237853,Posted: 28 February,all,RM60,"4/10I was going to give this game a good review due to some qualities that it has that are great. However, upon further research into the game's plot and origin of ideas for the plot, I personally cannot support this game. This is not a game you get just for game play. This game is all about the plot and narrator. The game play is an afterthought, though the game play was fun.Originally, I thought there were some very well executed ideas sown into the game, but when I realized that this game just ripped off concepts from some crazy occult books, all of the weird charm it had was unmasked as a steaming pile of manure.So to sum it up, game play is good, but there is really only about 2 and a half hours of it. The plot sucks, there is some decent humor, but the storyline is quite confusing till you look up its occult origins (and even then).Super lame man. Way to crap on some great concepts devs. Do us a favor and focus on making a longer more fun game next time and leave your occult philosophies out of it."
76561198066319773,Recommended,553640,30418600,Posted: 9 March,all,optimusprimeduck,"A stanley parablesque side scrolling fighting game. Enjoyable gameplay and an interesting story, though with some paths lines seem  awfully similar to the stanley parable."
76561198033183961,Not Recommended,553640,29689810,Posted: 4 February,all,Okrum,"Starts well, but gets extremely boring and repetitive, very quickly. Nice graphics and animation though…Yes there is a bit of “meta game” in the plot but that ‘s no novelty.... Been there, done that.Frantically smashing  the buttons on your  xbox controller to try to get  combos and then do it again and again because waves of enemies just appear twice, thrice, just like that with no subtlety....Well that gets old very quickly..Uninstalling. Next."
,Not Recommended,553640,29728388,Posted: 5 February,all,Fyshii,"dont get me wrong, in no way is this game bad but it just feels unfinished, parts arent optimised and the large list of the combo animations while looking cool they come no way near close as just spamming the attack key which is faster and has more dps. also the emphasis on going another direction, which you arent supposed to is so drilled into you that when you find a secret, all of which are obvious, it has none of the satisfaction that you would get with any other game. in addition the bosses get repetitive and even signature moves are reused. you can buy upgrades but these are usually unnecessary, it would feel a lot more like you were progressing through the game if combos were unlocked gradually instead of you just spamming the ""j"" key or the ""i"" key. also speech sounds almost like it had been google translated like all of the steam store page. since this game has pretty much no invul frames no matter how much health you had in the last chamber it can all be lost instantly because of one unlucky shot which is just raging and boring since there are only about 4-6 different enemies with only about one attack each.it isnt a bad game besides this, £9 is too much but on sale its worth it"
,Recommended,553640,31127540,Posted: 13 April,all,Ghosty,this game is AMAZING one of my favorites i have found myself playing it at school and EVERYWHERE!!! so adicting deserves many awards.
76561197970476762,Not Recommended,553640,33357357,Posted: 7 July,all,Dracology,"To start off, I've 100% completed this game and all of its achievments in 4 hours of gameplay.I'm honestly not sure what to make of this game or the very positive reviews.The actual gameplay is.. repetitive at best, tedious at worst. It's your standard ""go into a room, room locks, leave room when enemies are dead"" type game with a very basic hack and slash combat mechanic and a very small array of enemy types.The story is.. very minimal. There is this whole side meta story thing going on but it just makes the game more tedious with its inclusion. The triggering event for all of it is always the same. Defy the narrator. Defy the Narrator, come to a room where something happens or your told something, and then the game forces you to restart the level. Forcing a restart in this game only makes it more tedious and you have to do this several times per level should you want to unlock all the side bits. Granted I ended up doing it all in under 4 hours but those were not 4 hours spent having fun, it was mostly 4 hours grinding through combat to get to the next branch and then reset. The ultimate payoff for all of this.. Is very underwhelming. Honestly the meta doesn't even really make sense, it's just kinda supposed to seem neat because it tries to link itself into a Mythos of someone elses creation.Soundtrack is alright. But nothing special either."
76561198041672691,Recommended,553640,34702360,Posted: 2 September,all,Fluffings,Fun game! Got all the achievs =^)
,Recommended,553640,28880909,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Pabloziac,It's cold
76561198256609564,Recommended,553640,28159428,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,bybao,"A very interesting game, rich in a variety of game element, as well as interesting narration, hope you can do better, support"
76561198045652341,Recommended,553640,30216037,Posted: 27 February,all,Skeleton Zigma,"Awesome game, i cant wait for a part 2"
,Recommended,553640,27063200,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trigger Happy,Great combat great story and great voice acting11/10 - IGN
76561198027785846,Recommended,553640,28280079,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ChaosRepeated,"The producer is famous! Buy it!...Ok now I've hit the 'ending' I'll try sensible information.I really enjoyed the combat in the game, more so than games like dust and Bayonette which is saying alot as I loved thoose tittle.My main advice is use the keyboard, I spent ages setting up my controllers only to realise that the game is designed with the keyboard in mind and makes more sense on the keyboard.You'll see what I mean as you play the game.However the thing to note Icey is a fighting game in the same way Mr Robot is a show about computer hackers.It is, but you know it isn't really.Also lovecraft fan's this game has so much Cthulhu goodness that if like me you know the meaning of ""ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn"" then you'll really want to play this and really dig in.And like Mr Robot and Lovecraft this game has madening depth, creepiness and ambiguity to it.One play through isn't enough.And like also like Mr Robot and Lovecraft any atempt to describe it would be meaningless and spoil it at the same time.It's $10, if you only play one game this year, play this one."
,Recommended,553640,28281290,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,「Scrubbi」,Gr8 gam.
,Recommended,553640,30726720,Posted: 25 March,all,jerichosu089,"I love this game, so much fun"
,Recommended,553640,30976170,Posted: 6 April,all,HaloMillennium.Mixer,"Hard Mode is the way to play. If you play on Easy, restart your game please. 10/10 Jack can♥♥♥♥♥♥a good one"
76561198042325571,Recommended,553640,28729555,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dakiris,"To some, the price tag might seem steep for what is, a very short game. To me, it was worth EVERY penny. ICEY graphics wise is very nice, very appealing with some bright color over some dingy ones to give pop. The gameplay for most is going to be hit or miss. For me it was a nice standard of hack and slash, that you can class up with very flashy combos. The story as well, is, gonna fall short for a lot of people, it is a bit shallow. But what makes up for it more than anything is the very humorous secrets you find throughtout the game. They are worth finding, and the narrator makes it all the more fun to find them.It is worth a go, its en expierence game through and through, its worth at least one playthrough, but you should make it more to find all the amusing little secrets."
,Recommended,553640,26716450,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Noos,"Playing this game made me feel that it did to copy some of its dialogue from ""Stanley Parable"", maybe because portion of the game was inspired by the game, and also because I loved the style of ""Stanley Parable""(this probably affected my game play for ICEY and made me view this game in a biased way). Story itself is boring to me. No particular plot twist, and there was this one part of the game, if you played stanley parable, where there was an option to not do a particular action.BTW I played this on Easy mode, because I do think story should make up around 80% for games like this.To rate this game, it would be 3.5/5 for me(although it did ask me to rate 5stars)I think I will try to play this game on harder difficuly."
76561198336649459,Recommended,553640,26746494,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,nsqgc,"游戏是在是太赞了，本来是冲着网上说盗版过来支持下，没想到刚开始就被完全吸引住了。良心作品，公司加油顺便游明星空死个妈来助助兴This is game is really really really alsome. First I came here just because a stupid called and want to hold the back. But this game attract my eyes at the very beginning, the music, the play, everything is great.By the way, f*** Youmingxingkong"
76561198014192043,Not Recommended,553640,30268856,Posted: 1 March,all,SpellSword,"This game has 3 things. Combat, Unqiue Design choices, and Horrible Design choices.The combat is ok. i feel like a lot of enemys you cant even use heavy attacks against because you cant dodge mid heavy attack and you have to dodge basically non-stop in this game. so i find my self only ever pushing light attack and ""parry"".There are a lot of Unqiue design choices when it comes to how the story is presented. where basically the narrator gets into arguments with the player. if your into ""meta"" games like that you should like that part.BUTTTTTTTTT.the reason i quit this game is because of the unending supply of terrible design choices.There are many time you literally just have to stand there and listen to the narrator slowly babble on about stuff that isnt even funny or connected to the plot.wanna revist and old area? still have to listen to the narrator say the same thing he's already said.half the ""checkpoints"" cant be teleported to and it seems completely aribtrary which ones can and cannot be teleported to.the bosses are all super easy (at least the ones i got to) compared to the trash leading up to the bosses which can be serious nightmares.wanna change diffculties? have to restart game from scratch.you dont have I-Frames so if you get hit once it's very possible to lose half your health before you done being stun-locked.Considering i got this game on sale for 8.25 i cant complain too much but wow is this game full of bad design choices.This is coming from someone who beat every ""souls"" game multiple times."
76561198345992213,Recommended,553640,30290363,Posted: 2 March,all,wnsrjf0119,This is a great game and so funny
,Recommended,553640,29648205,Posted: 2 February,all,WhiteWolf,Great!
,Recommended,553640,28166744,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,西方记者FDGOD,"XD,its a good game but i doesnt work in my xbox 360 controllor,whats wrong with it?"
76561198320500242,Recommended,553640,31575105,Posted: 6 May,all,lighted for darked,"As a Chinese, I am proud of ICEY, she is a game made by the Chinese people, I like her very much, because the game reflects the standard of Chinese people, reflects the strength of the Chinese people. The quality of the game is very prominent, fighting and scene characterization is in place, META plot to do a good job. Play the game experience is very happy, thank you really love the game makers."
76561198027951141,Recommended,553640,26739583,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DarkRockShooter,very good
76561198147807292,Recommended,553640,28615523,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,地心少女,"It`s a good game,especially for molesting Narrator"
76561198275858928,Recommended,553640,30329135,Posted: 4 March,all,✪ KaRma ✪,i don't wanna follow the arrows
,Recommended,553640,33043249,Posted: 30 June,all,♡,"super fun, loved it."
76561198019230993,Recommended,553640,30784796,Posted: 27 March,all,heirel,nice
,Recommended,553640,31383553,Posted: 26 April,all,Haddouken,"This is an amazing game.Gorgeous Design, Gorgeous Animations.The story it is not strong, but the action will make you stay within the game and play it till the end.Battle is fast paced, combo based, with many in Battle combos that can be upgraded AND trigger kill animations.You can interact and mess with the Narrator of the game, which adds a little sense of humor to it.My only advice is not to play on Hard at first (you will get owned and frustrated).Normal seem pretty decent and still challenging on some enemies."
76561198344564309,Recommended,553640,33228089,Posted: 4 July,all,岛崎遥香脸上的盐,趁着Steam夏季打折买的，真的太好玩了，国产良心！！！！！I bought ICEY in this summer. it's so fantastic and so amazing!!! It's a HONOR OF CHINESE PC GAME !!!!
,Recommended,553640,26696814,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sabatour100,"Its hard to say that there are so many good games under the price of $15, this game itself is what you truely call quality over price.The combat is funthe art is beautifulcontrols are nice as well"
,Recommended,553640,26737164,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Walle,"ICEY a great game, hope UCEY same thing :)"
76561198157893991,Recommended,553640,28899920,Posted: 1 January,all,Tanis_Zed,10/10 Would mess with narrator agin.
,Recommended,553640,28178837,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,A F R O M A N,"""The visuals are stunning! Buy it! The Producer is famous! Buy it! There are so many reviews! Buy it! Like a machine, spewing out cash. Do you really beat all the games you buy?""The narrator has clearly seen what Steam is like. This game is amazing and filled with easter eggs. Definatly worth every penny."
,Recommended,553640,26791669,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,K.z,HAVE FUN GAMING
,Recommended,553640,26796572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChaosG4mer,Loved it since the first second i played it
76561198095924054,Recommended,553640,33620584,Posted: 17 July,all,FusionJay,"I thought this was just going to be a simple hack and slash 2d scroller but after discovering its Stanley Parable feature, the game became much more. I've enjoyed my time with it and I believe a good percentage will like it as well. Also theres a free dlc which I could of enjoyed if they only adjusted a few things to make it fair, especially in discovering it through your playthrough."
76561198205287109,Recommended,553640,26728827,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,lishigangtong,这个游戏啊...怎么说呢..一颗赛艇！
,Recommended,553640,26729697,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Kisaragi,就给个好评吧，但是无法触发隐藏关卡，我找了各种方法都触发不了，很好很强大
76561198069686256,Recommended,553640,26710787,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,lulu,Absolutly a nice game!
,Recommended,553640,26709322,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TheTrueSFL,I haven't enjoyed myself like this in a long time....
,Recommended,553640,32760604,Posted: 25 June,all,Nameomn,100% within 7hrmaybe too short tbhBut atleast It's has quite a good story plot and gameplay
,Recommended,553640,26684824,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,YourFaveAsian,Fast fluid combat system mixed with a unique art style.
,Recommended,553640,26683911,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Yoe,First game in a while i actually found pretty intresting both plot and gameplay wide.
76561198075143474,Recommended,553640,26729079,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,MexicanLobster,Don't follow the arrows the game. 5 stars
,Recommended,553640,28293722,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Trombe,Basically Metal Gear Rising: 2D edition.Runs at 60 fps.Rebindable controls.No complaints.5 stars.Buy it!
76561198364606363,Recommended,553640,29749181,Posted: 6 February,all,grickwood86,"10 years in the making...Phenomenal game. Worth every drop of blood & drip of sweat shed in it's realisation, close to side scrolling perfection. Quite simply this is an essential purchase."
,Recommended,553640,30451409,Posted: 11 March,all,Sprout,This game is amazing.-Great visuals-Great soundtrack-You can go out of your way to frustrate the narrator to the point where he will throw his phone.-Boss battles are pretty nice(tip: do not follow the arrows)
76561198347614012,Recommended,553640,30434639,Posted: 10 March,all,NexusGremlin,"ICEY is a very interesting game, I enjoy how it interacts with the player using the narrative, creating a fairly dynamic story. The combat is actually really quite fun once you get a hold of it, and it is so satisfying once you master it."
,Recommended,553640,26915335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,uhhhhh,5 stars.
,Recommended,553640,33953623,Posted: 1 August,all,nenoro,"So i wanted to play this game because the chara design is so beautiful and i have no regret to buy it 12 euros.This game is very good but a little bit to short i hope devs will make a next episode. I sense this game is a speedrun game because the narrator always presses you to go to kill the final boss.+:- Icey (she is so cute)- Gameplay- OST- Environnement- Bosses-:- Difficulty a little bit unbalance (i play on easy mode that was a little to hard against some mobs)- Money, because you have to retry a lot those chapter to make more money to upgrade skills- Mobs (like i said you try to dash and dodge sometimes it doesn't work you have to becareful)- short story (but hey it's an indie dev)But i would recommend this game because it's a fun game but just wait the price get low.Also i fall in love to that little Icey (no EMOJI)"
76561198055682422,Recommended,553640,34259296,Posted: 15 August,all,2weirdy,A good game.
,Recommended,553640,31595898,Posted: 6 May,all,Humin ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),To be perfectly honest i brought the game because i had nothing else to spend it on but to it turned out ok...I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,553640,31497708,Posted: 1 May,all,Trash Mammal,It's like Metal Gear Rising had a freaky baby with Pony Island and The Stanley Parable.
,Recommended,553640,33418600,Posted: 9 July,all,Drawde_Noyl,"ICEY is a game that presents itself as a 2D fighting game, then does so much more. While the combat is somewhat satisfying, it is just a background to the story. Which is just a background to the true story. The game itself is short and not incredibly difficult, only taking me around 5 hours, but it will take you on a ride unlike any other game. I recommend doing your best to get all the achievements as they only continue to reveal more of the story. Check out this game for an engaging and mind bending story, but maybe not if you just want a simple sidescrolling action game."
76561198092033007,Recommended,553640,29571627,Posted: 29 January,all,Biker,This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing gem.its petty much the stanley parable mixed with 2d dmc.
,Recommended,553640,30260887,Posted: 1 March,all,Apriarcy,"I decided to pick this game up when I saw the English voiceover announcement and decided to sit on it until that patch released. I'm glad I did, reading subtitles during high speed action gameplay isn't exactly my forte.Although this game is short (Under 4 hours and all achievements unlocked), it is still a phenomenal game. I lost track of time playing this and the narrator had a lot to do with this. While the voice actor isn't perfect, he still did a wonderful job of setting the mood and managed to make me laugh out loud several times. The voice actor for ICEY (Stefanie Joosten) did an amazing job with her small role. Unfortunately, ICEY only speaks one time and it's during the ""True Ending"".I see people giving this game tons of hate because of the English voice action but I was pleased with it. It was added for free, at no cost to the buyers, yet people still complain. I just don't get it.The action combat is fairly repetative and there's only a handful of enemies in the game, which is to be expected in such a short game. The ""platforming"" is basically non-existent as ICEY can infinitely air dash. Yet, this game still managed to be an absolute blast and a joy to play.I will be recommending this game to all my friends."
76561197990239008,Recommended,553640,29215751,Posted: 12 January,all,NateDizzy,5 stars because the creator sacrificed a decade of his youth on this game.
,Recommended,553640,29217481,Posted: 12 January,all,epiksol,Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssss
,Recommended,553640,30268223,Posted: 1 March,all,WHOOOOOAAAAAAAAH,"I have completed the game in 4 hour, with all the achiviements. This game is good, but it has no replay value.... so be warn."
76561198190828791,Recommended,553640,35035824,Posted: 17 September,all,God of Darkness,3. Note: The contents of this experiment are highly classified. Do not share any classified materials with personnel who do not have the proper security clearance.
76561198164579770,Recommended,553640,35233316,Posted: 26 September,all,[52ndNY][Pvt] Longshank,支持国产良心
76561198218402197,Recommended,553640,35022825,Posted: 17 September,all,blkalucard,good game!!
76561198262960160,Recommended,553640,35167021,Posted: 23 September,all,sNatic X,Really a good game
,Recommended,553640,35084733,Posted: 20 September,all,mindblaster42,Interesting action meta game
,Not Recommended,553640,34744620,Posted: 4 September,all,Saphir,"ICEY resembles a flash game a college student would submit as a final project for his Game Design class.The Good:-The art is right up my alley for the most part. The cyberpunk themes and vivid contrast of colors are pleasant to look at and in some cases are just absolutely stunning (Ideon's fight, for example).-The soundtrack isn't amazing, but it's passably good and pairs well with the visuals.The Bad:-The combat system is poorly balanced on multiple fronts. Enemies have disproportionately large hitboxes on their attacks that don't match the attack's visuals. ICEY's numerous combos are flashy and fun until you realize you could just spam the X button endlessly for the same effect... Which is to say, very little effect at all. Against bosses like Ideon and Dahal, your attacks are pathetically weak and are easily interrupted by the boss' specials which can break your shield AND slash half of your health bar if you aren't able to dash away in time.-The difficulty settings are complete nonsense. At first, I played on Normal, then quickly grew frustrated with how quickly I was dying (I figured I might just not be good at fast-paced combo hack-and-slashes like this) and switched to Easy in order to focus on the story. This hardly changed anything. Most fights were either brainlessly easy or ridiculously hard, boss battles included. Gorger and Puck were laughably simple fights compared to Ideon and Dahal.-The narrator is painful to listen to. It's very obvious that you're listening to an unpracticed 20-something male who is so busy trying to maintain his ""Narrator Voice"" that he doesn't ever change his tone, even when something ""unexpected"" happens.-People are comparing and contrasting this to The Stanley Parable... let me put it this way: The Stanley Parable is set up to encourage the player to think about philosophical concepts the game presents through its various endings. ICEY, on the other hand, takes the narration element of TSP, beats it senseless, drives it into the ground, and engraves the words ""Follow the Arrow"" onto its tombstone.TL;DR: 3/10. Good art, good music, bad gameplay, awful narration. You can find comparable games on Newgrounds. It's not worth $11, so if you're still curious, get it on sale."
76561198277984478,Recommended,553640,30279510,Posted: 2 March,all,TemmieNeko,"This game is so much fun to mess with , the narrator is some stuck up fool ^^ It's awesome finding how best you can do opposite of what he's asking or says, lol.Liek STanley Parable with intense anime-themed action, with a dash of matrix for good measure.absolutley worth a purchase"
76561198185116051,Recommended,553640,28313395,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Downward Thrust,"Icey: ReviewYou play as Icey, a synthetic robot girl who wakes from slumber to one simple objective: find and kill Jonas.  Who is he and why does he deserve to die?  Questions that you’ll discover along your journey.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqsyspoFds8Icey is a game-within-a game, within a game.  As the narrator talks with you and recounts the tale of Icey it’s up to you if you want to act obediently and follow is his counsel.  He is trying to guide you to Jonas, and lays down a yellow brick road for you to take, and venturing off the beaten path and disobeying the narrator will yield in him breaking the 4th wall of the game to talk to you.  Take The Stanley Parabul and mix it with Rainblood Chronicles: Mirage and you have Icey.GameplayGameplay in Icey rides a fine line between beatem’up side-scrolling and narrative exploration.After a short tutorial teaching you the basics, you are thrust into the world of Icey and gently led down the beginning of the game.  A brown dirt road is accompanied by unfriendly looking trees billowing in the wind and a tall sign that says ‘Welcome to Silent Hell.’  The road is unsafe, and is home to robotic enemies that jump around like monkeys and laser gun turrets shooting neon green pasma.Arriving at the Moonlight Forest yields interesting dialouge.  A blue forcefield blocks the way, yet with a few deliberate key strokes the narrator opens the way, but to his surprise a chasm appears ahead that was suppose to be equipped with a bridge for safe passage.  An obvious, omission it seems, but no worries, he will have you jump down into the sewers and find another way.This is when you begin to understand how Icey operates and question the design of its world.  Is this the narrators world that he himself built?  Is he sitting at a computer somewhere programming your journey on the fly, with you as his puppet?  Is this even real?This is Icey.  You have the power to decide to follow or ignore his commands and the all encompassing arrow point the way that seems to hold such weight and power.  The journey is up to you to remain compliant, you may be his puppet or you me be defiant.  The game offers you plenty of opportunity to make those decisions and offers multiple endings depending on what path you have taken.Whatever the road you choose, you’ll need to fight you’re way through it, and combat is Icey’s second side to equation.  It’s a hack and slash game for the most part.  Light and heavy attacks accompany a slick dash mechanic for dodging and exposing enemies for counterattacks.  You can buy new attacks and upgrade your stats & attacks using money that you collect from dead enemies that litter the road you’ve walked. Combining different moves that you’ve purchased will allow you to build some basic combo strings, although mashing the buttons seems to be a viable way to play the game as well.The result is a very satisfying moment-to-moment experience.  Your graceful movements and dashes combined with wicked fun hand-to-hand combat makes you feel like a kung-fu bad♥♥♥♥♥as you fly all over the screen slicing up your enemies.But the beauty of Icey is that this satisfying combat is supplementary to the more important aspect of the game: it’s story and narration.  Unlike Stanley Parable where there's a lot of endings but there's not really a harmonious conclusion, Icey game does have a reason of why there's so many different endings. Once you complete every endings in this game, a final true ending will unlock which ties everything to a grand conclusion.  And without spoiling things, I would say that it was surprisingly well done as an ending.Graphics & SoundThe hyper-stylized neon vibe that the game comes packaged with is so damn clean.  Colors pop, environments are appropriately varied and the narrator is really on point.  You may find yourself not even missing English voice acting or voice overs, as the writing is quite good and the narrator’s performance is excellent.ConsThe only con that sticks out like a sore thumb is the game’s length.  At around 2 or 3 hours I was able to wrap up the final ending and really get to the bottom of the story.  But I believe this is an acceptable length for this game, as they are only asking 10.99 US.VerdictIcey is the sleepy hit this year.  It combines satisfying gameplay, fantastic visual elements and a really intoxicating narrative style.  I wanted to like the narrator at times, and at others I tried desperately to disobey him at every corner.  I loved the idea that, ultimately, he had control over my destination...but the journey to get there was up to me.  It’s a rather unexplored side to narrative story telling in games these days, and I would encourage anyway who has the slighest bit of interest in this kind of stuff to give it a whirl.Icey stands as my game of the year under $15 bucks this year."
,Recommended,553640,26734752,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GunGuitarist,The visuals are stunning! Buy it!The Producer is famous! Buy it!There are so many reviews! Buy it!
,Recommended,553640,30189196,Posted: 25 February,all,KS #RIP PC #feelsbad,"What a great experience this game was, I couldnt put it down until I had all the achievments!"
76561198083448605,Recommended,553640,30202614,Posted: 26 February,all,Bazinga Saint,"Recommend this highly, it was really fun with side hunting achievements not breaking the flow of the game."
76561198256069195,Not Recommended,553640,30229545,Posted: 27 February,all,Low Well,"Refunded within an hour. Set the game to hard difficulty, all you have to do is press light attack 3 times then dodge. Made it to the ""alternate"" ending within the first 20 minutes. From reading the guides and seeing how short maps are, I imagine this game only has a campagain around ~2hours at most.♥♥♥♥ the english narrator. Such god awful voice narrationion. Unfortunately the chinese narration is just too hard on my ears, it isn't pleasant to hear in the background even though that voice actor actually has inflection and emotion when he speaks.Not to mention they claim to have some deep ""meta"" game, if meta means the narrator saying ""go right"" and you go left. Woah! Super ♥♥♥♥ing meta bro! Then the narrator goes off on some LONG(Annoyingly long) tangent about defying your fate or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t(keep in mind sometimes you can't move or fight anything while he talks). Like No, I just wanted to go left why would I listen to you if you say right. The game gives us no reason to listen to the Narrator, he doesn't come off as intellectual or omnipetent, he's just a ♥♥♥♥ing annoying voice. And the responses for going against him consist of ""What! How did you go left instead of right! It doesn't matter, just go left this time"" Jesus wtf. Give me my money back."
76561198176945622,Recommended,553640,28195939,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Bloosm_,really nice game！ Interesting!
,Recommended,553640,28154290,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SG_Yusuke,play it its great
,Recommended,553640,28159019,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mysteryguy74,>Ignored the narrator instead of the warehouse on the first level>Found an unfinished level made by the narrator>Narrator invited us to archive room where he told his development of ICEY and the truth about video game industry*I have learned a lot from this game* 10/10
76561198223818372,Recommended,553640,28231721,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,AnnoyedGamerQ,"Even though this is a really good looking, humerous game , I did promise narrator-chan to give him five stars so...5/5"
,Recommended,553640,31080308,Posted: 11 April,all,mitspieler,It has so many reviews. Buy it!
,Not Recommended,553640,30237651,Posted: 28 February,all,Fatal Error X,holy hell is the english dub bad
,Not Recommended,553640,30229459,Posted: 27 February,all,Pretty Boy For A Day,way too button mashy and clunky
,Recommended,553640,26673337,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,-dogs-,chinese robot serial killer
76561198154819438,Not Recommended,553640,34518227,Posted: 26 August,all,Ephios,"This game is very plainly a beat 'em up. It adds nothing to the standard formula. There is a pointless combo that is also slow and unintuitive that makes it hard to chain combos and button presses into each other. ICEY has a bland, scathing, and uninspired narrator that sounds like he's reading his lines with a gun to his head"
,Recommended,553640,28150929,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SCARKAKA,"It strives to be the next Stanley Parable, and at the end of the day, it might have even exceeded that goal. Well worth it."
,Recommended,553640,30216953,Posted: 27 February,all,Cemges,It's great
76561198208384019,Recommended,553640,28202535,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Quinn Bloodfall,Simple but fun indie game. The narration makes it all the more fun as you mess with its direction. Encourages exploration by not encouraging exploration. 7/5 stars. would buy more from this developer.
76561197996598947,Not Recommended,553640,31467465,Posted: 30 April,all,Doseku,I'll be honest with you here.  This game is kind of meh at best.  It very much feels like what the stanley parable would be if it was an action game.  Except this time around the narrator barely even emotes and seems to sound monotone no matter the situation.  The art style and action segments are alright though.
,Not Recommended,553640,31707220,Posted: 12 May,all,Akuro,"ICEY is a good atempt at a Metagame Fighting Platformer, but in trying to mix these styles up failed to bring it home as any of them separately. While there is a ""story"", for a metagame stand alone it delivers it very weirdly, providing story elements after each ending that alone are not enough to create interest, and together fail to create a big picture story. Another thing about the story, is that for a good metagame you need a really good narrator-to-player interaction. While the narrator of this game isn't as bad as you think, he fails to make himself seam like a bealivable character, constantly breaking the forthwall for small reasons, breaking emergence in the game. The fighting game elements are ok to say the least, but due to button lag, on many occasions I found certain battles unfairly fought, not because they where hard persay, but rather the timing and certain battle elements are so precise that you can almost never pull them off even if you know what you are doing. And the game despite having many ""paths"" to choose from, the game actuay recicles on some occasions entire landscapes, but simply reversing them, or make you retake the same paths over again just to make  one different decision to get an entirely different ending, making the game seam repetitive.Pros:•Interesting attempt at mixing game elements from diverse genres into one•Slow but somewhat interesting story if you dedicate time to itCons:•Fails to bring any of them home properly•Laggy controls•Repetative gameplay"
,Recommended,553640,29023418,Posted: 4 January,all,Business Division VI,:)
76561197992908812,Recommended,553640,28415647,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Saxton,"Stop reading this review, buy the game, play it. Now! NOW!"
76561198231214312,Recommended,553640,27963276,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,冬至丶,游戏本身还不错，彩蛋也很多旁白比较傻，很惊讶，居然是国产！！
,Not Recommended,553640,33333438,Posted: 6 July,all,mg87Kenner,"Normally, I don't write Steam reviews, but this case deserves an exception. To be perfectly honest, I'm not sure what to think about ICEY. I came in expecting a decent hack and slash title with a simple and effective storyline as well as competent action; what I found instead was a convoluted, frustrating experience. Granted, the game had plenty of good things going for it; for starters, the graphics, aesthetics, and animations are clear strong points, and the music and sound design is effective, but that's where all the really strong points end.The gameplay, while simple and fun at some times, wildly varies from fairly challenging to outright sadistic; the game will throw in fair enemies one minute to giving you lots of absurdly powerful foes the next. And these enemies will frequently stun lock you, quickly draining most of your health in a single combo. This effectively forces you to play on Easy Mode and/or grind for upgrades, and even in the latter case some instances of combat will still be absurdly frustrating. And the story just makes absolutely no sense whatsoever, and that dang narrator needs to hush. I won't spoil anything here, but in order to unlock the true ending of the game, you have to find all of the achievements and trigger all of the other alternative endings; while it attempts to encourage exploration and experimentation, I feel that the way it's executed is too cumbersome and offered little satisfaction if any. Didn't help that the controls were horrid, the keyboard control layout was absolutely terrible; I found myself frequently mashing buttons and hitting wrong keys in the middle of the action.Overall, while I appreciate the unique presentation ICEY is trying to accomplish, the experience in my opinion falls flat and well short of reasonable expectations. At one point, I even seriously considered refunding the game, something that I rarely ever do. While it has some good points, the gameplay and story clearly miss the mark; my experience with the game was completely frustrating and at no point did I feel satisfied with the game. My advice, if you play games for fun, stay away from ICEY"
,Recommended,553640,29613113,Posted: 31 January,all,Blue,It´s ok i guess?
,Recommended,553640,32657728,Posted: 22 June,all,DongusBanger,11/10 I recommend. Best game ever.
,Recommended,553640,27504158,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,H00P5,10/10 would waste all my time on it any day soon
76561198042015184,Not Recommended,553640,31728927,Posted: 13 May,all,ｂｌａｎｃだ,"The engine and mechanical aspects of the game are fun, but the narration is a mess.It seems like the devs were going for a Bastion vibe, but there wasn't really a sense of timing, what to include, or any sort of character in the narrator himself."
,Recommended,553640,28654205,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,crab_f,"true anime combat AND it's 2d, god damn"
,Recommended,553640,28548436,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cylian's,lol i listened to the narrator.
,Recommended,553640,30427174,Posted: 10 March,all,Knight:3,Icey is too good intresting setting:D is fun
,Recommended,553640,28318802,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Fancore,"It's a pretty good game, tho shortthey could have done more with the combat really.all them abilities/combo's but not enough combat in the whole game.if they added like an endless mode or something for the combat itself that be great.outside of that the game was pretty solid.my only gripe with the game is the lenght of it."
,Recommended,553640,29484730,Posted: 25 January,all,Hi I'm Krah,would recommend playing with a controller.Really fun game.Interesting graphics.enjoyed it
76561198346543542,Recommended,553640,28200690,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,薄荷味土豆,a very good game
76561198100169881,Not Recommended,553640,26996873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,76561198100169881,"IMHO, Know what you are getting yourself into.I should have more extensively read reviews prior to purchase.Its quite short, just 2 hours for myself.That 2 hours includes me running through portions of the game again after beating the story.Just on the merit of length, i can't recomend it.@$5 an hour, i can't say i'm satisfied with the amount of content, the quality was good however.The art was well done, and some of the narration was hilarious.I enjoyed the very short time i played it, but i suggest you wait for the sale if you really want to play it."
76561198190234102,Recommended,553640,26697983,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Suzishi OvO,这游戏无敌了
76561198063665004,Recommended,553640,30186677,Posted: 25 February,all,BracktimusPrime,"great game, I had a lot of fun playing. reminds me to the stan lee parable but with good gameplay too."
76561198114732575,Recommended,553640,32825030,Posted: 26 June,all,Selene,Yet this game only took me 5 hour to finish it at 100% with all achievement i got to say that it is really an enjoyable experience.
,Not Recommended,553640,30109914,Posted: 22 February,all,Zareal,"Awful controls with awful enemy movesets with attacks that either have far too little time to respond or far too large a hit zone.I will say though, the art/music are both fantastic."
76561198081756867,Not Recommended,553640,30333071,Posted: 5 March,all,Weary,"TLDR:*Good visuals*Meh combat*Bad story*HORRIBLE VOICE ACTINGAt first I really liked this game, but the more I play the less I enjoy playing it. The biggest gripe I have is the dash/counter mechanic. It's the primary way to avoid and deal damage, but I have so much trouble getting it to work consistently. When I do manage to propt a counter-attack, the timing window is so short that it's difficult to capilize on it. Usually by the time the propt shows up, it's already to late to attack. It also doesn't help that when you miss one you can be chain hit into oblivion if there are enough enemies on screen.I also dislike the narrative. The story is paper thin, and the ""meta narrative"" stuff is only funny the first few times you see it. It usually ends up with you in a room staring at a screen while the narrator drones on. This would be fine if this was more of a puzzle game, but in an action game it feels very out of place. It also doesn't help that the narrators voice acting is TERRIBLE. I can't emphasize this enough. He sounds he's just reading off of a script with no actual investment into the final product. Being stuck in an empty room for the fouth time while the narrator drones at you for fifteen minutes is just booring."
,Not Recommended,553640,30229455,Posted: 27 February,all,GamerLEN,"Its trying to do what Stanley Pariable did, except it screwed it up.Take out the witty dialogue, clever writing, and good naration and replace it with an anime girl with a sword.Dull as dull can be, I got bored very quickly with this one."
,Not Recommended,553640,29551892,Posted: 28 January,all,Kitty Foreman,Metal Gear EECH
,Not Recommended,553640,30217899,Posted: 27 February,all,Slowzy ❤,"Not that bad of a game, the art and music are amazing and the atmosphere is really nice. It has problems though. The combat system is kinda fun, but it isn't deep and when fighting a boss you usually have to hit and run anyway. Sometimes during the fighting there are so many things firing at you or jumping around it kind of forces you to panic, and when you do defeat them its not rewarding.The bosses are pretty unfair aswell. They aren't hard, they just have a massive health bar and attack with large hitboxes. The game just gets boring after a while. The story isn't that interessting either, it's cliche and predictable."
76561198287109521,Recommended,553640,26762686,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maki Nishikino,很好啊
76561198125314480,Recommended,553640,28641489,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,aceofbass125,I'm reviewing this because the dev asked me to (very very good though you should play it)
,Recommended,553640,29534950,Posted: 27 January,all,Double_DD,"When you play this game, don't ignore the warehouse when it is mentioned. Also, go into the wooden coffin."
,Not Recommended,553640,33203323,Posted: 3 July,all,XDRosenheim,The narrator is annoying to listen to. His voice isn't suited for story telling.
,Recommended,553640,32823605,Posted: 26 June,all,JEeZaNY,Best 2D game I have played this decade
76561198056804638,Not Recommended,553640,30245383,Posted: 28 February,all,Eschaton,"Terrible and frustrating combat system, and the game has next to no polish at all. Its so close to being good, but falls short on every aspect"
76561198103734099,Recommended,553640,26711022,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,活着的艺术,so good9/10
76561198023105909,Not Recommended,553640,33030600,Posted: 30 June,all,Cerulean,"Starts off as a cool DMC-style action game, turns out to be a Stanley Parable ripoff (except bad).I feel cheated."
76561198322699622,Not Recommended,553640,29533174,Posted: 27 January,all,eshinoti,"I desperately want to like this game but I cannot recommend it in it's current state. It crashes every 2 minutes. Everything else is great so far, and I would really like to enjoy the game without turning it back on and playing thrugh the same section 4 times"
76561198052893684,Recommended,553640,26685646,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Brimner,Narrator told me to give the game 5 stars.
76561198064875263,Not Recommended,553640,29676547,Posted: 3 February,all,delita,"Overall 5/10I wanted to like this game, but it falls short of every one of its aspirations. It's billed as a ""meta"" game, and is demonstrably a 2D action side-scroller. I enjoyed the game very much from the beginning, but in the leaning third act I came to dislike both the action and the ""meta"" aspects.As far as gameplay is concerned: It's generally tight, satisfying, and has a healthy amount of challenge (3-4 deaths per boss on average, I think) but it doesn't evolve over the course of the game, really. Upgrades are largely inconsequential, and the kind of difficulty in later bossfights is just overly punishing. The last boss will kill you in one hit if you're unlucky, 10 or so if you are, and I found trying to win against him very similar to fighting against Seth in Street Fighter 3. Thankless and gruelling, and why does the game expect me to be so good at parrying when I could beat every other enemy just by rushing them down?This was my experience playing on hard mode, at least. Most battles felt annoyingly easy, some at the end were satisfyingly tough, and then the last boss felt almost impossible, and you have to walk through three screens and wait for the narrator's prompt every time you want to retry.Not a far cry from my experience with the narrative, really. Spoilers follow, insofar as there can be spoilers in a game that doesn't come together enough to ever actually have a plot.From the start you're charged with either following the directions of the narrator or attempting to find alternate paths. Most of these are incredibly obvious, and those that aren't are often un-rewarding, just handing out bonus gold. This is really important: the game is afraid you're going to miss out on everything. Every time there's an arrow on screen pointing you forward, the narrator tells you to make sure you follow it. Every single time.The game never gives you the feeling of solving a mystery or overcoming the game physics to achieve something the narrator thought you weren't capable of, except perhaps once early on. Every new path rewards you with a new glimpse on the story outside the story, through often vague texts about The Yellow King and The Chosen One and The Master etc. Having read The King in Yellow, the translation annoys me a bit, but what really annoys me is how completely inconsequential all these details are. The game is replete with references to christian mythology and has a few to The King in Yellow, name-dropping Carcosa here and there, but they don't come together into a bigger picture. It's the kind of story that would be described as ""a meditation on the almost-religious connection between game-developer, player, and characters in the game world"" and all that really means is that they had a lot of ideas on things to say on the subject, threw them all together half completed, and hoped their audience would fill in what was missing.This is coming from someone who (mostly) understood the plot to Killer 7, and has read the source material Icey is working with: every clue this game gives you is a clue for a different puzzle. The secret ending doesn't even pretend to bring these ideas towards some sort of resolution; there's a predictable twist which is immediately untwisted, and then it  delves into the philosophy of the nature of self and teases a sequel in the blandest way imaginable.This game could have been pared down to a 2 hour experience that actually made a point and had some semblance of a difficulty curve, but unfortunately the final product isn't just 2 hours too long, it's a bit of a mess."
,Recommended,553640,28215028,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,uraizen,This visuals are stunning! Buy it!The producer is famous! Buy it!There are so many reviews! Buy it!5/5 stars
,Not Recommended,553640,34320952,Posted: 17 August,all,Your Best Friend,"ICEY is a very short, action packed game that takes you through a roller coaster adventure of ICEY, an android built to destroy another anroid, Judas. Through the adventure, ICEY has to fight Judas' minions, consisting of minion robots and more advanced boss characters.As much as it pains me to say, I can't recommend this game.The Bad- The game leans way too heavily on the ""unreliable narrator"" trope. Multiple times throughout the game, the narrator will comment how youmustfollow the arrows, which basically eggs the player to go off on their own. As soon as they do, they are berated by an indignant and exasperated voice that hurls insults. It's not charming and the voice actor puts the same emotion on every line. Stanley Parable this is not.- The plot seems to be all over the place, with most characters and events being explained and justified through vague paragraphs that you have to seek out. Even then, the method of telling the story is only told through the Narrator (although very poorly), and only through text. It doesn't seem like this game takes advantage of its medium, even though it tries.- The story tries to justify the vagueness of it by including the Cthulhu mythos into an android story. Unfortunately, this seems to have given the authors the excuse to be lazy, because none of the mythos mentioned has a lasting impact on the game, its characters, or its story. It's a real shame to introduce such an amazing set of fiction only to do absolutely nothing with it.- When exploring and discovering secret rooms, too often are you stuck in a room with nothing to do while you wait for the narrator to speak to you. In my 3.8 hours plays, I'm sad to say that the .8 was standing there waiting for something to trigger.- ICEY can't decide if it wants to poke fun and break the fourth wall or take itself seriously. It fails on both accounts.- The graphics and music seem uninspired and generic save for a few ""glitchy"" moments.It's clear I have some issues with the game, but ICEY is far from the worst game on Steam. The things they get right, they get very right.The Good- ICEY is fun to play. You are agile, you have launchers, an instant dodge, and a full screen attack, plus other moves you unlock very early on. Enemies are tough but have their pattern and you are usually swarmed by half a dozen robots to mow down. I legitimately enjoyed my time playing and wish it didn't end so soon.- It's short. At 3.8 hours, I've gotten every achievement and I only want to play it more. I know that had it been longer, my issues would've outweighed the enjoyement I was getting out of it, so I'm glad ICEY didn't overstay it's welcome.Whatever the devs did to suck me in worked, and all in all, I'm glad I played ICEY, but it is very forgettable and does not fulfill the potential it had. I can't recommend it unless it's on a deep discount."
,Not Recommended,553640,30952103,Posted: 4 April,all,#DicksOutForHarambe,"I couldn't get past how annoying the Narrator is, who intrudes on everything you do. The Narrator voice acting is also cringey, so everytime he tries to make a scene, you're sitting there just wanting him to shut up so you can absorb it, rather than being told what you should feel."
,Recommended,553640,29428210,Posted: 22 January,all,PaveIt,This is the best game i have ever played!
,Not Recommended,553640,29696795,Posted: 4 February,all,Khlorghaal,"This game is trying too hard to be unique, and the result is frivolous story mechanics that come across as pretentious.The animation is distractingly amateurish, everything lacks any sense of impact, all limb movements are uncanny.The control responsiveness is very slow and lofty for a fighting game, maybe its supposed to be that way, but I strongly dislike it.I might be picky, but would rather spend my time on other games."
,Not Recommended,553640,29638508,Posted: 1 February,all,Kahlraxin,"Unfortunately, the controller support for this game is spotty at best.It looks like an extremely fun game, but after requesting help and receiving no response I can't recommend this game.  I use my Xbox 360 controller extensively for action-based games that were designed for controllers, and have never had an issue until this game.Anyhow, I don't recommend it because of poor controller support and lack of response from the developer when trying to troubleshoot the problem."
,Recommended,553640,28228883,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Turkvangogh,"My Let's Play of ICEY #1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q81pQm1Vy8cThis game is brilliant. The writing is extensive & super clever, with almost every action you can imagine doing in this game, for ex. Leaving the controller on the table or not touching the controls cuz of a break, or eating something, will invoke the AI or Narrator for the game to speak to you about your behaviour! I've never seen a game this detailed when it comes to the AI speaking. I felt at times as if the developer AI narrator knew what I was doing exactly & was actually speaking to me! The combat is super fun & is quite easy. I loved the graphics & it ran perfect on my 2013 Mackbook pro.Excellent game & highly recommend, great job!!!"
,Not Recommended,553640,32982274,Posted: 29 June,all,ashmind,"Nice graphics and story is funny sometimes, but controls and battles grow tedious very quickly."
76561198044782416,Not Recommended,553640,32555312,Posted: 18 June,all,KumaKid,"Beat this game. Almost didn't after this game froze twice during the story, was unresponsive going into a random room, and black screened after fighting the final boss. Lost all my progress multiple times. Save your money"
76561198293996291,Not Recommended,553640,34758675,Posted: 5 September,all,jrrrwilliam,Boring. All you do is kill and kill
,Not Recommended,553640,30232036,Posted: 27 February,all,Alexus-chan,"ARGHHH SOOO ANNOYING, Tons of arrows which if igroned promt a SUPER annoying SLOW unskipable voice TALKING and TALKING and TALKING about how much he suffered to make this game and how he had just told you about something (but you were moving so wasnt actually said at all) also there not there parts needing a in game 'FIX'... it also has lots of hard to understand hidden background story."
76561198041756601,Not Recommended,553640,32532185,Posted: 18 June,all,JiiPee,"Shortly:Basically, the game is your average Hack & Slash game with nothing new in it, except this time you have this Narrator speaking and commenting on your every action you make. It kinda reminded me of the Stanley's Parable -game, which didn't appeal to me.As for the mechanics themselves, there's not much there. You get money for each enemy you defeat, and then use that money at save stations to upgrade your skills/combos. Each combo is easy to learn, so even the players who have no experience in Hack & Slash type of games can learn this game easily.As a whole, this game feels like the Stanley's Parable -game,  but only in Hack & Slash genre. There're multiple different routes to take, like in Stanley's Parable, each of them having an ending of their own. Each ending is scripted so that you cannot skip any of them, so to explore all the possible endings you have to watch all those scripted events over and over again. This gets tiring as you try to find all different endings.Pros:+ Simple Hack & Slash mechanics+ Beautiful to watchCons:- Hack & Slash mechanics not deep enough- The Narrator- Short  (or so I hear)- You cannot skip any of the scripted eventsDo I recommend:It's a good Hack & Slash game, but for some reason the Narrator got on to my nerves. If you ever played and liked the Stanley's Parable game, this game might be for you. For me, I had to ask for refund as I couldn't stand hearing that Narrator talking in Hack & Slash game.Verdict: 5 / 10 - Average game"
,Not Recommended,553640,34063033,Posted: 6 August,all,fenestratedSightseer,"The meta narrative, in which the narrator punishes you and locks you into minute long complaints while being unable to do anything if you go against the grain, while begging you to five star the game and telling you his laziness is excuseable thanks to the length of time the game took (while showing you games that he scrapped that LOOKED MORE FUN) is barely as bad as the cheap combat where input combos actively do less damage than the base combo of X X X X, or dodging and hitting B.I would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,553640,29559639,Posted: 29 January,all,Moose King,"Many people have claimed that the story is really good, and it makes you think, but all I could think about was how it was just a confusing sequence of concepts that have no storytelling or gameplay cohesion.Your first impression is the most important, and for the first however-long-I-played this game, I witnessed nothing expect boring and emtpy rooms, bland, repetive, facelss enemies, and a sequence of events that ultimately took you back to the main menu, only to have you start the game again.Am I somehow expected to believe that the story, which is at the moment nothing more than the narrator telling me to go left or right and having random screens popup at gameplay, will spontaniously go into something extravagant and extreme and fun to play? It will just drop those nasty tricks and turn into a real immersive experience?Will it become something that will take my eyes away from the less-than-resposive combat, boring and lifeless tone, and uncohesive game I'm trying to play and turn it into a masterpiece?Maybe it's a niche game, but I can call out a fair handful of games, sidescrollers even, that can capture your attention right off the bat and still retain that awesome flair throughout the experience.But this? This does not have an awesome flair.Note* I do wan't to commend the artists for making great sprites and effects, even if they werent used in the right hands."
,Not Recommended,553640,29531413,Posted: 27 January,all,switchblade dick,"Really wanted to like this game but the stunlocking and random attacks were annoying. Narrator was alright but annoying and it made exploration boring. Soundtrack is really good, and the visuals were very good and unique. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,553640,31479211,Posted: 30 April,all,DramaCard,"I found ICEY to be just a cash grab over the new ""meta"" genre of games. The best way to explain it is "" Hey, what if we took The Stanely Parable but cut out all of choices and consequences!"". The combat is pretty alright, tho you will have to listen to the annoying narrator."
,Not Recommended,553640,30255491,Posted: 28 February,all,┌( ಠ_ಠ)┘,Its basically a flash game with really bad PC controls. Its also impossible to finish as there appears to be a loop level that can never be beaten (so bugged as well). Plus the narator voice suuuuuuuucks!
76561197979457686,Not Recommended,553640,29531575,Posted: 27 January,all,Goodlucknate,"If you were hoping to play this with a controller, you should know that it probably won't work."
,Not Recommended,553640,27901039,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KnightHardt,"Too monotonous battle mode.Too simple combo.Too confused story.Too many bugs.I played 9hours, and the game crashed over twenty times."
76561197975377703,Not Recommended,553640,32202374,Posted: 5 June,all,Valentine (Lunaticus),"Do you like enemies with near instantanious grabs and attacks that lead to combos with multiple enemies ganging up on you taking half of your health (or more). You have to closely look at 3 separate enemies at the same time and try to somehow react to their near instantanious attacks while also somehow trying to hit your own (which will be like 2 light attacks at the most).Now these complaints really are only about very specific kind of enemies which are these metallic balls with either legs or arms, but you see them way too much for how much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they are. Other enemies I encountered where just fine, but when those things show up in the fight be prepared to try again... and  again... and again till you somehow finally get through it. They are WAY harder than any boss I encountered though I didn't make it to last boss because I finally had enough of them in this elevator section leading to him.They give you all kinda fancy combos and♥♥♥♥♥♥to unlock but all of them are useless since you never have time to use them. Very few worth unlocking. Of course I unlocked all of them thinking that there's no way they would have all these combos available if most of them are useless, how silly of me."
76561198038892067,Not Recommended,553640,30862526,Posted: 31 March,all,kaay,"ICEY, a lazy game that tries to hide its nudity behind humor.If i were to describe this game with one word it would be lazy.Several words would be lazy, underdeveloped, simplistic, failed attempt and a childish but ok sense of humor.This game while not being horrible, is definitely not good either.Overly simplistic go from left to right (or right to left) with almost no exploration and no depth, its as flat as they get.The graphics are neat, there is a hint of a story there, there is some fun to be had with the silly humor, there are some sad attempts at hidden stuff in a linear game where you just go flatly from left to right in a stright line.The combat is just....sad, as is the sorry attempt to a skill level system.Its not a horrible game, but sadly its far from good and for the same price you can get far better similar games, like Ghost 1.0 and Seraph.Dont be fooled by the visuals, this product is not worth it at full price(unless you are a weabo), and make sure you check Ghost 1.0 and Seraph before spending/wasting your money on this.Buy it in a bundle or dont buy at all."
76561197975711171,Not Recommended,553640,30164555,Posted: 25 February,all,Triangle Man,"Passable, but mostly dull. There is some kind of commentary going on, but it's either rather banal or rather too clever for me."
76561197984791454,Not Recommended,553640,28021234,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jim,"The good:-Very challenging-Beautiful art style and graphics-Good environnement feeling-Funny narratorThe bad:-Very bad checkpoint location-Easy boss fight-Frustrating small enemies combination that force you to constently move nowhere and mash all buttons to survive.-The combats are extremely fast paced, filled with long gap where nothing happens between fights. Sometimes you got to move through 3-4 rooms with nothing to do.5/10It's a good game but would not recommend to friends"
,Recommended,553640,28259655,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,insanokano,***** The visuals are stunning! Buy it! The producer is famous! Buy it! There are so many reviews! Buy it!
,Not Recommended,553640,30230778,Posted: 27 February,all,Arkan01d,"Not sure what's up, but the game only lets me play the tutorial stage, then restarts.  I got no idea what to do"
76561198067216985,Not Recommended,553640,31185718,Posted: 16 April,all,jjteentko,"Let me save you time by telling you this game is bad and is a waste of money.To clarify, if you want a barebones game with newgrounds level art and narrative, then this is the game for you. Otherwise, you're better of saving your money. The gameplay is boring, at least when it isn't outright unfair, and the narrator couldn't have made the game any less enjoyable even if he had tried to put some effort into the delivery. The game tries to borrow some plot from the yellow king mythos, but fails to create a game that i was ever engaged in, ultimately failing in its sole purpose. There wasn't any fun to be had here. Do yourself a favor and just skip this piece of shovelware junk. It isn't even worth it for dat sweet waifu bait, becuase the narrator won't shut up long enough for there to be time to learn anything.2/10 - Functions as a thing that accepts controller inputs, but isn't fun, engaging, or rewarding"
76561198058380254,Not Recommended,553640,28150562,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,James,"its like the stanley parable but with a combat system. a really boring combat system. mash buttons and you will beat the enemies it tries to be complex but its not needed you can just button mash so fighting enemies is a chore. the story makes out that you can either follow the narrator or not like in the stanley parable. but you cant ignore the narrator. if you dont follow the arrows after a while he stops you and forces you to back track through more boring enemies only to beat a boss and backtrack AGAIN through the same area with the same enemies. its like if after you went through the right door in the stanley parable he just said nope and forced you to go the way he wanted and the game had one ending. whats the point? i could half recommend this game if the combat was fun, but its not.the real slap in the face is during an easter egg where the developer shows ""prototypes"" of the game your playing that include MORE features that make the combat better and then says that players dont care about that. he then goes on to say that bugs and errors in design in games dont matter and asks you to rate his game 5 stars and buy a second copy. now i get that this is a joke, its supposed to be all witty and self referencial but when your game is actually bad and your pointless combat system is boring and a chore to get through this humor just comes off as the dev mocking you for wasting your money.praise gaben for steam refunds"
,Not Recommended,553640,31644318,Posted: 9 May,all,Sho,Unless you like abusive difficultly & repeating the same fights multiple times I may suggest avoiding this game.
,Not Recommended,553640,34331321,Posted: 18 August,all,Lehman Brothers Goin' Down,"Icey as a game...does not work. It tries to mimic innovations and ideas of recent games, but without any real understanding of what makes those games work. The combat itself is pretty standard 2d action gameplay You get a list of comboes to use, but you really only need a few basic ones to coast through every battle. There is a dodge mechanic which works well enough, and functions as an exploration tool. All of this works well enough, though the dodge at times felt unresponsive even when testing outside of combat. The combat really fails in the ""fun"" factor. Getting hit applies a long window of flying through the air, where you can get hit again, and then lying on the ground. At times this means your character will be out of your control for seconds at a time, which I promise is much more aggrevating than it sounds. Not as much a threat as a constant nuisance, especially with enemies who can juggle you in the air with a little laser as you sit there waiting to play again.Where the game really fails though is in exploration, story, and its ""meta"" commentary. This is another game jumping on the meta bandwagon, giving a story wrapped in a story. There are plenty of games that do this better and with more thought. You can hunt for secrets and at times find little tidbits of more info, usually in the most cryptic fashion. Mostly though it will be the game holding your hand saying ""yes follow the arrows, DON'T go down that clearly marked path we want you to go down"". The meta story itself (which I have read up on rather than spend another few hours completing everything) is partially just ruined by narration from what is quite obviously an amateur voice actor who can't sell the lines. But beyond that just surface level observations about your actions and who really makes decisions, and blah blah blah. It has been covered.I guess I will speak to the visuals, which are likewise uninspiring. You'll go through the standard city, sewer, cyberpunk office, forest, etc. The game will repeat all of these exact visuals so have fun with that. When the game gets ""creepy"" through screens with eyes staring at you and ""glitches"" (once again, a technique used a thousand times over already), the game does little to make you actually connected to the area you are in. So instead the eyes just become another layer on the wall. And ultimately this is because the game never even attempts to give you a connection to the world, characters or events. Things happen, you move on. From what I read they will give you the secret of Icey and all that, but if they haven't done any legwork 2 hours in, then it will not work.Overall, just don't buy this game. There are so so many games that attempt similar things in an interesting way. The 2d action genre is alive and well, find it elsewhere."
76561198076834998,Not Recommended,553640,28521650,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,fatkontrolla,"Doesn't work with an Xbox Elite Controller, additionally the game usually crashes while loading the main menu"
76561198173805782,Not Recommended,553640,30770572,Posted: 27 March,all,1306594711,this game is too difficult
,Recommended,553640,28593562,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NullBy7e,"The narrator is japanese, ICEY is japanese.Deal breaker for me, I'll be following this game and wait for the update..."
,Not Recommended,553640,30204675,Posted: 26 February,all,thanbo,Repetitive
,Recommended,553640,32013495,Posted: 28 May,all,f**k to yesterday,"艾希这游戏我其实并不喜欢玩，但我买了也不退款就是要来支持一下国产.游民星空评论区里的屌丝说我们是正版狗，还说什么玩盗版下错了就是下错了，玩正版买错了谁买单？一群狗比东西，不知道DEMO和退款机制吗？丢尽国人脸面！ICEY is not the game I really want to play,but I still bought it because it`s a chance to support our Chinese game career.Somebody in Gamesky comment area called us genuinedogs.They said that downloading a false pirate is just downloading,but purchasing a false pirate have no way to get pack back.Sons of ♥♥♥♥♥s,they never know there exist DEMO and refund mechanism, just lose our Chinese face!"
,Not Recommended,553640,31267302,Posted: 20 April,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Nothing overly positive found here.Favorite Thing: I like the concept of being directed but allowed to go against it. It wasn't fleshed out well though and usually just amounted to very little.Least Favorite Thing: I didn't like a whole lot about this game, though I still stuck around to see the extra content/dialog related to achievements.Completion Date: 2017-04-12Playtime: ~ 3h (100% Completion)Enjoyment: 5/10Recommendation: No."
,Not Recommended,553640,32509836,Posted: 17 June,all,Bob Dole,"Evidentally some update to the game rendered XBOX Controller (for windows) support non existant. After some time tinkering and not finding any fixes from the devs posted I am deinstalling. But they won, got my money and too late to refund."
,Not Recommended,553640,30211504,Posted: 26 February,all,The Alchemyst,The game is bugged and cant get past the tutorial. after it comes up with continue with narrator the game ceases to do anything.
,Not Recommended,553640,26742195,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jman,"Fun hack and slash with good music, animation, and visuals. However, I have the recommended system requirements but the game lagged to the point of being unplayable at the final boss. Everything ran smoothly until then."
,Recommended,553640,33003155,Posted: 29 June,all,yaK,haha yes very good
,Not Recommended,553640,34332842,Posted: 18 August,all,jtt1978,Too much challenge and no interest to push through. Just not fun enough. Deleting this one onto the next
,Not Recommended,553640,30713934,Posted: 24 March,all,Praestigium,Hated it.
76561197987986882,Not Recommended,553640,29656180,Posted: 2 February,all,Dreal4Real,Am I missing somthig here? Never been so disapointed in a game! ITs crap just a box standard platformer with rubbish music. how has this got a score of 88. so dull and made me angry want my money back
76561198295611723,Not Recommended,553640,28160751,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BOOGIE,垃圾游戏
76561198108604944,Recommended,553640,26725494,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,阿奇霉素,我买还不行吗，国产游戏的春天由我来守护，希望各位也支持国产游戏别去破解了，要破解就去破解那些外国的
,Not Recommended,553640,26735619,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,"Don't believe the specs in this page.The devloper said in the steam forum that this game is""CPU Intensive"".I encountered serious framerate stutter , effectively made this game super hard to play with.DO NOT TRY IT NOW.other than this  issue, Icey is pretty decentEDIT: For anyone wondering, my PC can run rise of the tomb raider at 30fps. and the developer support did't even respond a single letter after I tried to contact them THREE ♥♥♥♥ING TIMES"
,Recommended,553640,28429312,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,UCEY
,Not Recommended,553640,32010057,Posted: 27 May,all,Ranix,this game is trash
76561198180190231,Not Recommended,553640,29532589,Posted: 27 January,all,caiohideo,"I found the control unresponsive with bad input lag and bad framerate,not unplayable, just bad... As this is not a open world 3d colosal yadda yaddagame I find it unacceptable."
76561198010941743,Not Recommended,553640,28218918,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Frozenstar,"bought it to support chinese devs, but the game itself is really repetitive and lack of creativity."
76561198125250110,Not Recommended,553640,29497999,Posted: 26 January,all,ZieN,"This game called me a ""cheater"" after I opened an easter egg designed by developers themselves.This is how it happened: I opened a box inside the game and I triggered a hidden plot that enables my character to kill an enemy in just one hit. I used the new move and suddenly I was called a cheater, my money was erased and my game process was deleted.Are you kidding me?In GTA4, I use all kinds of ""cheat code"" designed by developers . This makes the game more fun to play. I do the similar things in other games for the same reason.I don't understand why developers designed this funny move and plot and call the game players a cheater who found all these.The developers probably dont know what they are doing when designing this easter egg and dont understand what ""cheater"" stands for either.I played many kinds of competitive games for over 15 years (since I was 10)  and I never cheat in any of them.And this game called me a cheater. Its such a humiliation from developers. And I payed ￥38 for it.In Chinese (I will say it in brief):这个游戏说我“作弊”，因为我触发了一个制作者自己设计的彩蛋事情经过：在某关卡我触发了隐藏剧情，使我的角色可以只用一击杀敌。我使用新技能后立刻被叫做“作弊者”，游戏内的钱被清除，游戏进程被删掉。你在逗我？在侠盗4里，我用各种开发者设计的“作弊码”，这使游戏玩起来更有趣，我在一些其他游戏里也会这样玩。我不理解为什么开发者设计了有趣的技能和情节，然后管发现这些的人叫作弊者。开发者在设计这个情节时大概不知道自己在干什么 （不懂彩蛋对游戏来说究竟是干什么的）也不知道什么才叫“作弊者”。我玩各种竞技游戏超过15年了（从10岁起）并且从没有作弊过。然后这个游戏管我叫作弊者，这可真是来自开发者的侮辱啊，我为了这个还花了38块钱。"
,Recommended,553640,30398782,Posted: 8 March,all,curser,PROS:Art styleNarrator that struggle with expressing emotions through voiceThe narrator told me to give it 5 starsExplorationCONS:Small variety of enemiesNarrator that struggle with expressing emotions through voice
76561198026921454,Recommended,553640,30408292,Posted: 9 March,all,Koinzell,"quite fun so far, however the boss carlos is just really bad design, he is the only enemy that I have encountered so far that can hit you while you are in after hit iframes, hell, he even killed me while I was using my own iframes, that guy needs to get looked at, it's just unfair in what situations he can hit, otherwise the fights are very fun and the narration also has its strong points"
,Recommended,553640,30526906,Posted: 15 March,all,esyvin,"Just finished all the achievement. I love the concept of the game, especially the narration. I have played both the english and chinese version of the game. The only part I disappointed with is the voice-over of the narrator for the english version."
,Recommended,553640,30515379,Posted: 14 March,all,cdytoby,"The highlight of this game: Jokes.Many fun and incredible jokes makes this game fun, although they're not related to story.As a action game, combat is also very cool."
76561198074935017,Recommended,553640,30644357,Posted: 20 March,all,ZeNinjaWarrior,"This game is absolutely stunning. I thought it would be a silly little game that i could just play time to time, but once i got into it and saw how much it breaks the fourth wall, and how humerous it is, and how smooth the actual fighting is, and the little secrets... What im trying to say is that it's an absolutely amazing game that's honestly worth the $11... EXCEPT FOR IDEON.--WARNING--SPOILERS AHEAD--WARNING-------------------Ideon is a boss in the game that stands completely still and has quite a bit of health. This isn's a problem... except for the fact that he can spam a move that is almost undogdeable,  (took me like 3 attempts to figure it out, but it's still difficult to pull off) and gives no warning to him using it. It just comes out of the blue and, if you have terrible luck like me, get hit with it like 10 times and get down to half health from 1 attack. So yeah. Ideon can go die a pit."
,Not Recommended,553640,28933109,Posted: 2 January,all,aspirin,"chinese memes 8/10 male narrator sounds like a good dadedit: new patch added a dash counter and an english voiceover, made the game worse and no longer has iframes when dashing through enemieswhy make the tedious fights even harder?"
,Recommended,553640,29576337,Posted: 29 January,all,Kalogrym,The Visuals are Stunning! Buy it! The Producer is Famous! Buy It!
76561198076507212,Recommended,553640,29571134,Posted: 29 January,all,fickleninja,Buy.
,Recommended,553640,29572071,Posted: 29 January,all,PC_Byrd,ICEY is a very unique 2D-action game. I encourage you to just pick it up and play. The action is solid and very fun but that won't keep you coming back for more.
76561198073088368,Recommended,553640,29574115,Posted: 29 January,all,The Silent One,"I finished this game today and I have to say that this game is awesome. Of course it looks like your traditional 2D-side scrolling beatem-up but when it includes a narrator that you can ignore at certain times like with The Stanley Parable, all you can say that this game is a fun and interesting experience."
,Recommended,553640,29548325,Posted: 28 January,all,Ace Attorney Morty,Rebelled against the system and got a lecture on game design.video game lecture/10would play agian
,Recommended,553640,29548515,Posted: 28 January,all,Red Star,"This is very well made, it being a meta game you do have to go off track of what you're being told to do, thats how you find all the good stuff hiding in the game its self, such as money and extra power ups. Final score 10/10 for it being hard on and challenging on harder diffculty and later levels"
76561198041208730,Recommended,553640,29548763,Posted: 28 January,all,morten,5 out of 5 stars
,Recommended,553640,29546714,Posted: 28 January,all,リープ,I really love this game.Gameplay - Short but fun. REALLY fun. 9/10Achievements - I got all of it. 8/10Sound - The BGM is LIT & the narrator's voice was awesome even though he speaks in Chinese 10/10Character - ICEY is cute 10/10 short hair is bestOverall - Yeah me too thanks go read other reviews
,Recommended,553640,29547029,Posted: 28 January,all,Sun Tzu,"its a great and fun game, although it is more about story the game play is still amazing"
76561198018163108,Recommended,553640,29546008,Posted: 28 January,all,"Deynarth ""21""","A Hidden gem , truly.I am used to playing games that like to ""paint the medium"" , but this might be the best one yet.This game manages to be , from one moment to another,  humorous , though provoking , infuriating , puzzling... and if one knows his Lovecraft , it is even more so.The OST is top notch and the art style enjoyable.The gameplay is fluid , flashy , fast and all around awesome...and the game can offer you a challenge if you play it on Hard .Nothing more to say really , it was a really lucky find that I don't regret buying at all."
,Recommended,553640,29532541,Posted: 27 January,all,josy4001,alright i just got this game and i gotta say VERY IMPRESSED not only is the gameplay solid and fluent the narration and the split paths the extra side things its all too great tho THO (spoilers) i just got to carlos and that was a pile of Icey bodys just before right........
76561198036440099,Recommended,553640,29570421,Posted: 29 January,all,Mr.E Nigma,Pretty fun game. Seems kind of like a button mashing RPG. It's a bit short but there are lots of neat littel easter eggs that make this game interesting beoynd the main story.
76561198044793780,Recommended,553640,29529617,Posted: 27 January,all,Kaitan,"Absolutely amazing! Great unreliable narrator, and you have the same sense as ICEY that you are trying to figure out what's going on behind the scenes.Also the cutscenes are amazing! Gameplay too, though that's not really my forte here."
76561198051503006,Recommended,553640,29531363,Posted: 27 January,all,Prins499 (TOOPK),"Well, all I can really say is wow I did not excpect this game to go this deep definitely worth buying.Great game funny as hell although maybe a bit easy and short it's still worth it.Hope to see a sequel or some continuation of this game."
76561198203685107,Recommended,553640,30453324,Posted: 11 March,all,ElectroEsper,"Basically The Stanley Parable, but 2D and with a robot♥♥♥♥♥kicking anime girl called ICEY instead of everyone's favourite office worker, Stanley.Really fun so far. If you enjoyed the meta-game aspects of The Stanley Parable where the narrator would tell you what to do while you did the opposite, but would like something more action-packed, ICEY is definitely going to be something that you'll enjoy, unless you dislike this sort of thing, of course."
,Recommended,553640,30627931,Posted: 19 March,all,SamsonSuperchrist,He spent ten years of his life on this! The least I can do is vote 5 stars.
,Recommended,553640,30625006,Posted: 19 March,all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ☭Proletarino༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"free DLC? Good guy devs! :)For a horizontal slash game, the controls feel buttery smooth. Charming graphics and visuals too, sort of reminds me of Transistor."
,Recommended,553640,27381638,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XINNNN,才到死城，不跟着箭头走发现彩蛋，历史之间笑尿，我鄙视你不把那些原型给我们玩，就冲这个彩蛋我给你好评！！
76561198019853644,Recommended,553640,27355635,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jossotriv,I found myself enjoying the sarcasm and wit just as much as the seemless combat.
76561198044226950,Recommended,553640,27079409,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MyNameIsViet,I'm giving it five stars cause the game told me to.
,Recommended,553640,27078876,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,O_____O?,"Just like this game, hum..pretty interesting one. GJ"
76561198033945657,Recommended,553640,27048043,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nyaaa~,"Even though it was rather short, ICEY brings a lot of entertainment. The combat system is rather interesting and the story is full of plenty of humor. To fully understand the story and to fully ""complete"" the game, following the narrator might not always be in your best interest *hint hint*. My only regret is wishing the game was a bit longer and I was hoping your decisions might be more impactful on how the story turns out."
76561198299360826,Recommended,553640,30928289,Posted: 3 April,all,Amerei,"I love the music, story and visuals in this game. The basic controls are typical of a hack and slash yet the combination move sets are hard to remember and can be easily muddled up making some of the combat a bit hectic. Overall though, pretty good game!"
76561198035557044,Recommended,553640,27087133,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shirocchi,Awsome game kept me entertainted for the whole time.I wanted challenge i got one some parts were hard on hard difficulty but still enjoyable!laughted a lot with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of narrator and going somewhere i shouldnt ~Achievements vere kind of hard because you barely find some guide for them and finish them alone? well i tried :DAlso Narrator asked me to give this game ★★★★★ ! but not gonna buy another copy sorry :D
,Recommended,553640,27168376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rainbow.Yumo,"An interesting game, but the blink is too bug because while blink you are invincibleA good game , but I hope to see more."
76561198197999946,Recommended,553640,27222467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shiratori,"It's seems a META game like The Stanley Parable?I don't understand what that sounds mean but i can feel the dejavu.Good picture and smooth action~Overall,it's cool game!Just a little expensive - -"
76561198025473390,Recommended,553640,27225160,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Avalon4,"Worth the price?  Nah, try to get it on sale.Worth playing?  YES.  Just, yes.ICEY is a game about...  well, a lot of things.  But one big question comes to mind:  How often do games play you, instead of the other way around?  This game rewards you for not doing what you're asked.  But, the game has its' own answers for your disobediance.  Does it simply entertain the possibilities of rebellion, or does it encourage it to the point of re-conformity?  Is there really a choice?...Also, there's this cute robot-lady with a sword killing robots with some cool DBZ-like special attacks.  So that's cool."
76561198120138322,Recommended,553640,27287096,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rockmanphuc,"So a really short game took me about 3.6 hours on this game and discovering most of the secrets. The combat is interesting, though i haven't played enough action fighting game like bayonetta or metal gear rising to give an accurate rating for this. The combat itself have a few problems however, somehow i cant activate shadow skill whatsoever, despite the button keep flashing on the screen, this maybe just a bug and the developers may fix on a later patch. Jumping is utterly useless once you mastered the dash ability, since u can dash in any direction, more so once you received upgrades for the dash. Heavy attack is completely pointless outside a combo due to its slow speed, and trust me the speed of the enemy in this game, even the bigger ones will make a lot of player scream. The dodge/counter is quite inconsistent, so far i have only get consistent counter against bosses that uses a sweeping laser attack (spoilers, dodge right between them). Certain bosses could be better, like Jack should be able to get stunned by ICEY, therefore making combos against him is acutally effective, like the Abyss Watcher fight in Dark Souls 3. Sadly currently no boss in the game felt exactly excellent, the final boss to be honest is crap, since in the end his attack does the same damage as any other boss, he have lackeys that replenish your health when you kill them, no varying move set, the only thing going for him is 4x health bar. The best boss in this game is honestly Dahal whom you could defeat in 2 different way (or 3 i don't know haven't retried the boss yet). The story is, if you manage to 'disobey' the narrator, you can be able to go to 'forbidden' areas, after the funny (I'll return to this later) rant of the narrator, you get to see snipets of conversation between characters within the game and the main villian, so far i haven't been able to pierce the story together, because i figured out about it a bit late and completely ignored some earlier pieces. It would be great if the game give us an archive for rereading the pieces we have uncovered, here is hoping the dev would give us that on a latter date. But man, dowe really have to restart a level once we discovered a secret? Returning to a check point would be nice, especially since some of the later fight is really tough. The narrator, although i couldn't understand a thing he says, make me laugh more than i should (there's caption). The voice actor for the narrator is excellent, reminds me a lot of uncle Jack from 'We happy few'. Now if only he gets paid to do English voice acting, that would be awesome, don't change the voice actor, just teach the guy English already,it wont be the same without him. The art style is actually nice, some of the back drops is wallpaper material, some levels have details that rivals AAA games. ICEY movement and detail is simply excellent, you can tell the love being put in here. However some of the enemies are just bland, and why does Thor and his cousin bash have little to no particle effect, but you guys can afford it for some campy minions explosions? And where are there sounds, Thor bash sounds like a pillow fight. The sound in this game is just no that great. The music is good, but the fighting sound man, sometime i dont even know if my hit connects or not because the combat sometimes get a bit frantic and all you get on screen is your after image of dash, sounds gonna play apart here. All in all, this game is worth it for the price tag, even the full one. There's some problem with the game, but none are game breaking, and no particularly bad bugs, buy it if you want to entertain yourself for a few hours. P.S: dear Dev, if you are reading this please at in game unlockables like concept art or ICEY art or any thing you guys can think of, would be nice, so to make those secrets and achievments not 'pointless' he he he"
,Recommended,553640,27383181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lXlTEClXl,well built...nice graphic...simple to play...good narator...
,Recommended,553640,26666891,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Banquoe,"I bought this on a whim, and I'm really happy I did!I've only played around an hour so far, but it's been a blast listening to the narrator, and then promptly ignoring him. The combat system is very easy to pickup, espcially if your an action game fan. There could be more interesting combos in the game, but they still satisfy."
,Recommended,553640,26810314,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wordsmith_Pony,This game is totally hilarious the narrator absolutely makes this game so much more fun than it already is!
76561198011019539,Recommended,553640,27028647,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fedex780,"This game is an experience, and the only time I felt the same way about a game was when I played Stanley Parable. There is you/'ICEY', the Narrarator, and an objective. The Narrarator tells you to follow an arrow,but whether you do or not is up to you. Like Stanley Parable, ICEY is as stubborn as you are, and to me, that adds a bit of charm to this story-bound hack and slash."
76561197998347349,Recommended,553640,26957225,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Agent 17805,It's Stanley Parable on steroids. What's not to love?
,Recommended,553640,26958984,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eLyZa,"So many secrets and easter eggs, this game is amazing and you get to decide what happens. The combat system is also incredible, its a lot like the bayonetta games in where you have to press certain buttons in a certain ordder and that you can also purchase or upgrade more combos. This game is one of the best sidescrolling beat em up games I have ever played.      5 STAR RATING!!!"
76561198109960973,Recommended,553640,26735733,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,YZhao228,"UPDATE: With dodge movement goes unlimited, the action parts has no difficulty at all, still fun to play though.AMAZING game! The idea of interaction between player and the commenting audio somehow looks like Stanley's parable to me, but this sh*t is so good that it never gets old! There are some pretty interesting scenes that tell much more than a purely action game, I'll stop here so no spoil alert, LOL. And beside all that above, it is actually a pretty good 2D action game, great image presentation, nice movements and combos, and pretty good boss fights (sometimes repetitive so it's easy to beat them if you identify the pattern)I am a Chinese player, as you can tell from my poorly organized English. Basically the Chinese local game market is like a sh*t hole full of sh*tty f**king retardative games, which makes indie game developers like this one here rarely valuable.Take my money, and nice work, dudes."
,Recommended,553640,26951984,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bejo,"It's a fun side scrolling and a cuhrayzee game like dmc, the combo system is fun and the narrator stuff is kinda neat but can get repetitive at some point, since there's only a set of response in an area. Finding the secret is fun too, there's even some games included in it.But the game is kinda short even in hard in my opinion, and just like some reviews said, late game monster seems to revolved around the dodge-parry mechanic, which is a shame since the combo system is CUHRAYZEE although without the damage upgrade for each skill, it's gonna take a long time to kill one enemies, and there's usually a lot of enemies in one screen, and you can accidentally dodge-parry an enemy and instantly killed it or you got overwhelmed and got killed instead. Lastly, I noticed some input delay with a controller, it might be just my old controller though.All in all, it's a great game but I don't think I want to keep it with its current price, might rebuy it again when it goes on sale, but if you like to replay the game just for the combos but with the same set of maps over and over, you should buy it right now"
,Recommended,553640,27014931,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,a really bad time,"I love this game.Gameplay - 10/10ICEY has such a good combat system, it is definitely a must pick if you are a fan of the DMC series, or other Hack and Slash like it. The Combos, once mastered, are exactly what you want from a 2D Action Fighter game, and if you take all the elements that the game has, like the Shio level, among many others, there is a lot that this game can offer to people.Story - 9/10Don't get me wrong, I would give it 10/10 if I actually understood how to 100% the game. It doesn't seem like the ending that I have gotten so far is the true ending so I can't say I fully understand the story, especially since I am lacking in a couple of areas so far, so I will leave it as such for now.Graphics - 10/10Stellar. The graphics for everything, from the backgrounds, the animations and the character designs are all wonderfully done. Truly a masterpiece for what it is worth.Music - 10/10I will say one thing here, and that is the music is stunning. That is all.Overall Experience 10/10This game makes me laugh, so much. The Narrator is amazing, and it has been wonderfully executed. Going against the Narrators instructions gives off a great experience when he gets annoyed at you, and most of the time you are encouraged to do so through extra gold, enemies or just the laughs.Just remember, play by the rules, give the game 5* even if you didn't like it and buy another copy.11/9 best Voice over"
76561198144192818,Recommended,553640,26677964,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,EvoEcho,Game is Good. I recommend playing it without a guide as the sercets you get for exploring at your own pace makes it all the more worth it
,Recommended,553640,26702059,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,VolumeUP98,"I'm not much of a reviewer but i'll make this as helpful as possible since i would highly reccomend the title.This game to me is really cool overall. The combat is the biggest point to me as to me it feels like the games bread and butter. The use of special attackes using LB on top of the usual Light and Heavy attacks adds in pretty well, also working well with the dash ability.In terms of story, it makes sense so far. I havent got too far into it but it gives me a reason to keep going and find out what happens next. But i wont say anything more on it because its best to experienceIt's all i can really say at the moment but its an amazing game. Hope this helped you! :D"
,Recommended,553640,26697714,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Oof,OMG after buying the game and playing it for about an hour I have to sayThis is a must buy gameI started playing and i tend to see if there are any easter eggs around as per usual to my nature spending countless hours finding stuff or giving up.This game however is riddled with easter eggs that your normal person wouldnt really find unless they were a bitdeviantcreative...I'm in love with this game and I would totally love to see more once I finish this gameI don't know how many hours im going to pile into this game but all in all i highly reccommend this game
,Recommended,553640,26697894,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Astral Ocean,"this game is challenging and funny. definintly worth your 10$, this is possibly the best sidescroller i played in the past 6 months"
76561198136266995,Recommended,553640,26686475,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Patruus Luus,"Definitely recommend it. As a action game, its animation and level design are great, music and graphics are absolutey beautiful. But what really makes me feel obsessed and immsesive i is the helarious narrotor, with all the funny jokes, well written adn translted lines, he basically turned this game into a comedy.Just explore all the hidden locations and try to kill yourself as many times as possible and you shall have witnessed the funniest narrator  ever sinec the creation of universe. i wish i could give this game a five star rating."
,Recommended,553640,26700110,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,That Cat,"ICEY is an incredibly unique game, taking the best parts of combo-centric action games such as Devil May Cry and Metal Gear Rising, putting it in a 2d metroidvania-esque setting and then applying a whole heap of The Stanley Parable. It's an odd combination of genres that works beautifully, creating an engaging story emphasising the element of choice whilst at the same time having some of the best combat in a game I've ever seen.I highly recommend this one, however if you're not a fan of The Stanley Parable there may be a few too many moments where you have to stop and listen. If you are willing to listen and explore the various choices to be made, there is an engaging story behind an amusing narrator.TLDR; Brilliant for the price, pick it up!"
,Recommended,553640,30913667,Posted: 2 April,all,quench my hearse,kill em
,Recommended,553640,26744491,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Deadpool,"Good story, great artwork and music, and I love the combat. Almost didn't want the game to end, but the closure was good nonetheless."
76561198029929716,Recommended,553640,26745445,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Arti,"it's a shame my current machine wouldn't allow this game to run for 5 minutes at a time, because the multiple attempts I've tried was already a really unique experience. If your rig isn't as crap as mine I really do thing this is worth a shot."
76561198338337063,Recommended,553640,26742940,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ChengTyler,I think Icey is a wonderful milestone of Chinese games.
76561198151315446,Recommended,553640,26756841,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,HT,Wonderful Chinese Game.
76561197979208116,Recommended,553640,26757181,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Darkrune,"I never write these things, but I voted to greenlight this project.  I am so happy I did.  This game is everything you could want it to be.  Also, I am glad the narration is in the native tongue of the creator.  Great style and responsive gameplay.  There is a lot to be explored here."
76561198096444803,Recommended,553640,26757432,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Exalted Saber,"The narrator pretty much makes the game. Other then that, really nice combat mechanics though there is a lot of button mashing. Really awesome game overall."
,Recommended,553640,26741956,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TheRaggedQueen,"Definitely interesting. The gameplay is somewhat repetitive and the enemy variety is lacking, but the game looks absolutely gorgeous and contains both a humorous and dramatic tone to the narrator that few games outside of some very notable ones have attained. I can definitely say it's worth ten dollars, but if you're really unsure, it's best to look up a video of the gameplay, first."
76561198017426297,Recommended,553640,26895228,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cosmic,"The gameplay is decent, the narration is lovely (although I have to stop and read since it's in chinese but that's not a porblem) and so far I'm loving all the easter eggs."
,Recommended,553640,26881584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lolikong,"This is a very interesting game.Something will happen if you don't follow it.I had played it on ps4, now on PC again."
,Recommended,553640,26726608,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,RhythmPixel,"Very fun and fluid gameplay with an entertaining narrator. Quite a bit of secrets, and a satisfying ending for discovering them all."
,Recommended,553640,26759300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beefyrulz,"I jumped in a pool of deadly waste, so it made me play a different game.Not even an hour in and I love this game."
,Recommended,553640,27367725,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Meepykins,"Really great game with fluid combat and neat mechanics, really encourages multiple play throughs since it seems like a straight forward side scroller hack n' slash dealy until something happens. Not going to spoil what happens but let's just say that the player learns a bit on what went into the development of the game since the narrator speaks on the game and other aspects of the game in a meta fashion. Game seems a little short unless you want to go through and complete all the achievements, as well as explore every nook and cranny. But with the $10-11 price tag, it's hard to argue with a game that actually feels like effort was put into developing it."
,Recommended,553640,27363475,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lolsy,"There isn't too much to be said about this game other than the fact that it's a 2D Side-scrolling beat em' up game with a very interesting substory. You honestly can't say much about this game without spoiling some of the side-stories. It's something you should seriously consider checking out, it's a fun game, and even more if you just follow the arrows.Nah, don't do that, that's silly.There, I rated five stars, Mr. Narrator."
76561198044187681,Recommended,553640,27358181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SlaveBlade,"bought this game on a whim and it blew my mind. It's not the greatest action game ever made, but the combat is smooth once you get used to it, the narrator becomes endearing after a point (I hope you enjoy subtitles!) and the game wants you to think, which I very much appreciate. It's straightforward and worth your time (I 100%ed it within 6 hours, might take longer if you wish to upgrade absolutely everything as there's a lot of nifty tricks to buy at the store and up their damage with).Through and through, it's a very fun action game with a lovely techno/electronic soundtrack and HP Lovecraftian themes in place."
,Recommended,553640,27277621,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GoneMetalGuru,5 stars i came
76561198135355000,Recommended,553640,27277684,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NeroX752,"Really great game! love the mechanics the gameplay is so much fun! and the humor and meta jokes are great. However do not i repeat DO NOT keep constanly deleting your save files! the game will lock you out from playing the game, pretty much ♥♥♥♥ing with you lol. Just Delete the games files and restart the game and it should work good as new. All and all a great game."
76561198122514064,Recommended,553640,27557489,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JAKE PAUL,VERY GOOD!!!
76561198080141537,Recommended,553640,27785155,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Amsonntag,好久没玩过这么有意思的游戏了 算是游戏的一个milestone 剧情有意思 画面不错 打击感可以 主要对于手残党很友好 。。。
,Recommended,553640,26695539,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,This team will lose,"Even through I was about to finish the ""free"" version, this game just made me buy itself. Not because the fighting mechanics are nice and simple (on easy) and animation is spectacular, not because of coolness of the main heroine, but mostly because of complete demolition of the 4th wall by the narrator. Chinese isn't best language to show emotions, but he made amazing job anyway. Only few games had ever made me laugh sincerely and this one tops the list.Too bad there is no replay value and archievement descriptions spoil most of the secrets right away."
76561198283020472,Recommended,553640,27756636,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kotori,this game is awesome I love the concept and the characters and the combos and they should add some more if you ask me and put the gun back in the game cuz looked amazing (basically she send everyone it to the air and jumps with them and sprays them with a assault rifle point blank for like 5 second with the combo numbers go off the charts plus these no mid/long range attacks so you are at a disadvatage especially at later levels and bosses(cough cough jack)  where if you get to close the combo you like crazy and kill you at least put like a flash bang or something to give you opening and have it rechargeable and make your health and damage. when you do that slowmo thing and slash through someone make the borders of the  screen red or blue so people can tell when to do that move because some times there off screen and you can't tell if its the game or your computer and the exclamtion mark on top of their heads is almost impossible to see fix it or change it. and maybe add a voice to icey and make narator english because the sub tiitles are hard to read while fighting and you are going to have to farm in the game to fight those bosses and fix the check point right after you fight those two boss out side of that huge wall cuz it took almost forever to kill them and right after that is a buch of fights and a i died a bunch of times then i have to fight those two bosses all over again and its not like you fight them seprately you fight them at the same time and the both do ground pounds where you can't ouch the ground for a few seconds so soon as ypu thouch the ground you are dead but i know theres a way where if you find a nd fight one of those bosses (thor) it opens the gate so you don't have to fight them both but some people don't know that so put a check point right after you fight them.but over all I really enjoy the game  and i would like to see more. I give this game 9/10 it will be 10/10 if you fix the things that I metioined.
76561198131400668,Recommended,553640,27758199,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ユア,Guddies+ fast fast action respond :D+ hack and slash *Cling clang*+ flashy combos+ smooth fights during gameplay~ <3Baddies- can't adjust settings Q.QIssues faced (つд⊂)~ it's laggy when opening upgrade menu(prolly due to particle graphics of the static screen? :o)Processor : Intel(R) Core(TM) i53337u CPU @ 1.8Ghz 1.8GhzRAM : 4.00 GBSystem : 64-bit Operating SystemWindows edition : Window 10 Home Single Language
,Recommended,553640,27665002,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EririnKnight,"I'm not really a huge stickler for games of this genre but it caught my eye in my games queue with a no-tease trailer.  Straight to point:  Amazing music, smooth gameplay, terrific combat & control system and inticing storyline.  I've not finished the game yet but its sure is going to be something I'll be replaying quite alot of and I hope to see more of the series in the future."
,Recommended,553640,27620431,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sleepy Snarf,"Its 2D side Scroller meets The Stanley Parable.Man did i enjoy playing this, the writing is so well done. The Narrator is enjoyable even when you make him go crazy when you refuse to obey him.Alot of the achievements are well thought out. Had to go out of my way to get some of them.Game never felt cheap, sure there are some difficult bosses, but nothing that cant be handled with proper knowledge of the games functions. ICEY's just dodge make a lot of tough enounters a joke. and speaking of Combat, Combat is fluid, never felt clunky. Every enemy has a flaw that can be used to strike that critical blow. Even when they started throwing previous bosses at me as regular enemies, there wasnt a single time i felt like i wasnt in control.Lots of hidden goodies and even hidden dialogue if you decide to go off the beaten path. Hell the narrator will scold you for doing so. but theres not much he can do aside from get mad. Some hidden goodies lead to different endings, all of which you have to do to see the ""true ending"".Game is very colorful, ICEY herself is a site to behold as her body modifications dimly glow, even in combat when you're dashing around  turning enemies into scrap the art direction looks stunning. Had very few if any frame drops.Challange factor is there as well, i did a full playthrough on normal difficulty. (Which took around 5.2 hours to 100%) And there were times that i actually felt challanged but never felt as if i couldnt win. Aside from a completely optional boss in the opra house.My only real gripe is that it felt to short. But man was it Worth playing, right now its like 10 bucks on steam, its worth getting."
76561198190843694,Recommended,553640,27622212,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ano...Chan,Awesome! This game really good
76561198006638116,Recommended,553640,27898679,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lukels,"The game is pretty short, but it has a really fun and inique theme to it.  I would almost describe it as a mix between Bayonetta and The Stanley Parable.  If that sounds like your cup of tea, give this game a shot."
,Recommended,553640,27895785,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Felicity Flynxify van Sugarpink,"ICEY is many things and it is refreshingly dishonest about most of them. It is a game within a game and a story that seemingly starts being told the other way around. It is ""meta"" and true to what it wants to be at the same time. It is weird. And that is rather okay.I did enjoy the lack of english dubbing quite a bit. It adds to the divide between the story that you are told and the narrative that unfolds in spite of it.Play it - it's cheap, it fills 4-5 hours of your day and it leaves you with that fluttery, tingly tummy-feeling that only really interesting and unique games create."
,Recommended,553640,27912725,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RahbBebopin,Icey is a gorgeous game and it's fun to play. Keep it on your wishlist until it goes down further in price because in terms of game time it's a quickie.
76561198128945189,Recommended,553640,28554423,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Don't Mind Me,-Nice gameplay-Fast paced combo-Funny narratorDefinitely worth to try
76561198010170463,Recommended,553640,28025960,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Quetzalcoatl,"So, Where to start,  This game came out of the blue for some people, namely myself.But, let me tell you dear customer, you are in for a WONDERFUL meta-game breaking ride.This game is a 2D♥♥♥♥♥kicking beautiful artwork metroidvania style based game (you'll understand when you play it)Fluid Combat, gratifying rewards, lean meat'd chicken just the way you want it.Lets start with the Pro's-Effectively 10 dollars.-Beautiful artwork-Fluid Combat-Adjustible difficulty (For those who just want to enjoy the story)-Meta-game breaking side-scrolling slice em up action! Where could you go wrong for that?-The story,  - Underneath what is given to you by the narrator, ICEY has a deep level of narration not found within many games this year,  the encouragement by the game to not exactly follow the rules and stray into the wild will allow players to truly explore and understand the world of ""ICEY"" This no-hand holding approach treats us as intelligent human beings and caters to that RPG element that really makes you think when a game with as much depth as this present itself.The Cons--Boss Scaling -  The difficulty of the bosses isn't anything intense and once you learn their patterns (fairly quickly) they don't stand a chance against your sweet blue glowing booty-The length,  if you're like me and you're a sniffer and want to explore everything about the game, it won't take you longer than say.... 15 hours, maybe 20 hours and that's being fairly generous.   Each play-through (if you choose to do so) will take you roughly 2-3 hours.-The enemy variation.  There isn't a terrible amount of enemy variation.-NeutralStunlocking - Like yourself, the enemies can actually combo you and it is entirely your fault if you allow this to happen. This is a good thing for people who want to make intelligence reads and outplay the AI, but its a bad thing for the people who fall victim to the stunlocking and don't understand patterns.All in all, I personally hope we see some more development of the ICEY world and for you dear customer, I thoroughly encourage you to pick up this game if you want a good meta-game side scrolling hack and slash adventure with a short but extremely meaty substance"
,Recommended,553640,26987735,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shook,"I'm not even five minutes into the game, and I already fell in love with it! After unlocking a certain ""achievement"" (no spoilers), I knew this was a game for me. It's smooth, fluid, entertaining, challenging, and, most of all, icy as a snowball left in a Russian freezer in Alaska (Woooo, that's cold!).All in all, I've yet to finish it, but I'm confident in giving this game a 10/10!"
,Recommended,553640,27017398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hice,You need to try this game !!!
,Recommended,553640,27020528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LukeDude759,"This game is a classic side-scrolling hack and slash with a touch of Stanley Parable.I'm not entirely enjoying the experience, but I somehow feel compelled to give it five stars."
,Recommended,553640,27037976,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Strife,"If you are a fan of fast paced side scrollers and a witty story line then this is a great choice. Althought there could be alot more content i found it fun, engaging and the combat challanging in some points. The commentator really makes the game and challanges you to think out side the box. Hoping there will be a few follow ups as i really enjoyed it.Another thing to note is the sound track - reminds me of the DMC industrial style theme track. lots of fun.Worth a play!"
,Recommended,553640,27045846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spooky Seraph,"Finally, a game that is actualy fun"
,Recommended,553640,26924879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Supermiku,"Good game. This is my first time playing this kind of game and im pretty enjoy it. There's many stuff that you can explore and ""play"" with the speaker. It is defiently worth to buy."
76561198088411530,Recommended,553640,30909262,Posted: 2 April,all,Kata,"Amazing out-of-the-box action sidescroller with RPG elements. Fast, frenetic fun. Vocals are not in english, but the voice acting itself is great, and the story is pretty unique as well! Amazing deal for the price, and would recommend to any fan of the genre. And a small piece of advice....not listening to the narrator is the most fun way to play the game. :)"
,Recommended,553640,26750821,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MAG7,One word! Badasssssssssssssssssssssss!!
76561198072555350,Recommended,553640,26749905,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,huge472010,8£ = 4 hours = 34 achievements = worth
,Recommended,553640,26747009,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,GreyJester,Great for the story/narrarator and great for the gameplay
,Recommended,553640,26789224,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TedioreJ,"I freaking loved this game, less than 10 bucks for an experience I will never forget. The immersion is freaking insane, they involve you and the way they did it is so amazing considering everything. This is probably the best I have ever done with 10 dollars. The mechanics are unique and fun, the story is deep and interesting, and it kept me wanting to discover just what the heck was going on. Great Game."
,Recommended,553640,30893514,Posted: 1 April,all,CHRYSANTHBUSTER,both the english and chinese voiceovers are excellent!!
76561198293143728,Recommended,553640,26741309,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,欧阳原响,"Not""one of"",just ""the"" best game from China these years,at least give it a try,not expensive  after all."
76561198128100347,Recommended,553640,26737931,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Sameway,"Surprised at the amount of 4th wall breaking! I love this game, especially the gameplay and art style! And you also asked me to rate 5 stars, so here..."
76561198146549369,Recommended,553640,26738498,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,1045278974,Very cool animation and fighting scene.
,Recommended,553640,26738740,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,xenoffense,"This is the game I've wanted for so long, Lightning fast dodge intesive combat like Ninja Gaiden or Bayonetta or Devil May Cry. but as a 2-D explorer like Castelvania. Life is so good right now!!! :DThe combat system is bult for speed. dashing and air dashing are easy to pull off with little to no cooldown but a well timed dodge will reward you a finisher attack (does't guarantee a kill but does high burst of damage) Very well thought out game.Level design could be better but there is variety and what's there looks good. Soundtrack is very forgettable so just pick your own toons in the background. Boss finishers are super entertaining too!TL:DR Get it!!"
,Recommended,553640,26736435,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ChillR,A really fun side-scrolling game that is very fast paced. Upgrade abilities and get stronger. The story is a little confusing but the narrator is very funny. Make sure to not follow him ;) Many easter eggs to those who defy him!
,Recommended,553640,27976695,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dubyajaysmith,"Great one. Very happy it was on sale if only for it getting on my radar - worth full price. Terrific action, art, both modern and throwback. One I'll probably keep going back to.10/10 would slice & dice again."
,Recommended,553640,27762399,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alinea,"aa great side-scroller hack-n-slash, if you're into games like DMC, Bayonetta, or Metal Gear Rising, definitely buy this one too!that aside there is lots of secrets and you can even sometimes by-pass some walls if you know how to do it, the narrator would be telling you to do somethings his way but you can literally skip some things if you know how to, though he can get angry too, but it's funny!"
,Recommended,553640,26752691,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sims0n,"pretty short but worth every cent.Although I'm normally not into Brawlers, the mechanics a pretty good.What really drives the game is the narrator and the story.I rarely complete games to 100%, but this one just kept me hooked, i HAD to get all achievments and get the ""real"" ending!If you're looking for a short but intense game, look no further!"
76561198346625528,Recommended,553640,27401410,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,727790891,ookokkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
,Recommended,553640,27395796,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BΞN,nominated for game within a game categorythe stanley parable and maplestory had a nice baby
76561198340648681,Recommended,553640,27451468,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bilibiliMGC,本来以为这游戏很简单，结果好难打qwq，不过游戏非常不错，很喜欢这个画风我还是在bilibili上看到的国产游戏！！！！！太棒了！！！心动游戏公司加油！！！加油！！！
76561198065757028,Recommended,553640,27614233,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scojbo,"2D platformer with super tight controls, nice graphics, and a stanley parable styled story line with a true end!  Top it off with a gintama-esque humor and you have the best game of 2016."
,Recommended,553640,27593637,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KhaoticPupper,Very Short game but thrilling and fun. With the great combat and funny narration it made the game worth my time.
76561198072279329,Recommended,553640,27625659,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,<Google>AlphaGo,"From a chinese gamer's perspective.We have been longing for this kind of game.In China, the good games are NOT designed by chinese game producers. They were merely creating those ****** that would only encourage you to PAY TO WIN.ICEY is not a PAY TO WIN game. It's a PAY TO PLAY game. It's like a unicorn in chinese game business.Twenty years ago, we had those dreamers. They wish to creat their own  fantasy world through a game. And their creation is delegant and sophiscated, Might be some flaws in graphic, but the core is flawless. Those games are still fun to play today. But  nobody would support them. People buy  or download the game without the copyright. There are 3DM Gamersky and some local network you name it, you can get free copy of the game from those websites.And so it came to pass that the producers stopped composing great games. They left the business, because the players refuse to support them. Those who were still doing this, well they found some ways to make some profit. But not turough designing great games, but through tons of in-game purchases.One of the best in THAT business is the CEO of TENCENT Corp. HuaTeng Ma. And in china, we gamers all know his famous saying, U cannot get stronger if U donnot pay. Why the hell would I play your crappy game, if I had a better choice?We realized what we have done is wrong. If only we could travel back time, and pay for those copyright games.We cannot travel back time.We could only start from now on.What I say may be hard to comprehend by western people, but ANY chinses gamer would deeply agree with me.Unless this one is a big fan of Mr.Ma. hehAnyway, A Chinese game with some marvelous ideas inside. Make sure you understand Chinese. Localization is a long road..."
76561198261583273,Recommended,553640,27858476,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,3313169427,very good game!!
,Recommended,553640,27878663,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Neon Sound,"If you're a big fan of exploration, an amazing art style, and a great narrator/companion, this is definitely the game for you. Fluid Combat, interesting world and a wonderful care for level design make this game fun and worth every cent!"
,Recommended,553640,33113342,Posted: 1 July,all,Ashard,"ICEY is a hilarious and emotionally enthralling because you can choose how to end it in several different ways, but if you don't want to spend a year or so trying your hardest to get every achievement, look up a guide, trust me, some of this stuff is hard to get. Overall it allows for some really fun gameplay with some hilarious input. In the game you are able to interact with the Narrator through your actions (cause you can't talk, your are mute). With this little ability and a whole lot of places to discover, you can influence the outcome of what is happening on his side or what is happening on your side. I found this to be a really unique game and a hard to come by gem."
76561198042893988,Recommended,553640,29026437,Posted: 4 January,all,GrimWorm,"ICEY is an interesting game. It is a 2D brawler in which the narrator is constantly telling you to follow the arrows, you are free to ignore the narrator as much as you want, to his frustration. In fact, following the narrator’s instructions will only get you one of the endings.The combat feels quite good and most of the boss fights are good too. There are some times where I felt the bosses attack animations and the actual hitboxes didn't match, and some of their attacks can stun lock you for a good fifteen seconds or so.But at the end of the day, I liked the game. the combat was good, the story was neat, and the sound track was also great.I would say it is worth the money."
76561198046161212,Recommended,553640,28980087,Posted: 3 January,all,Azralan,"Now, I haven't played much of this game yet, but what I've played was an incredible experience. The story told piece by piece by a charming narrator who, although he only speaks Chinese, delivers his lines in such a way that you really feel like he's htere next to you. There is some humour in this game as well!Some of the narrators lines are downright hilarious, and one can easily see the amount of detail that went into this game.I highly suggest giving this game a try. And when you're finished with it: ""Why not buy another?"""
76561198028122923,Recommended,553640,28996368,Posted: 3 January,all,Carael,"This is a gem of a game. After fully completing the game, it has moved into my top 10 games list ever. If this developer releases any more games, I'll definitly be picking them up."
76561198064147960,Recommended,553640,28996526,Posted: 3 January,all,Fullmetal Batman,<333
76561198009071862,Recommended,553640,28992423,Posted: 3 January,all,DesuCat ♥,It's grade A meme.
,Recommended,553640,28987380,Posted: 3 January,all,Baldiful,Fantastic game and currently an overlooked gem.  If you are even considering this game you likely already have one or two things spoiled for you.   Do yourself a favor and just pick this up now and start playing.
,Recommended,553640,28987887,Posted: 3 January,all,Spoodz,"This game is fun, definitely worth buying."
76561197995277967,Recommended,553640,28777723,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Beerhats,One of the best gaming experiences I have ever had! Worth every penny!
,Recommended,553640,28787989,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pfaeff,"Nettes, kurzes Game für Zwischendurch mit vielen abgefahrenen Dingen, die es zu entdecken gibt. Sehr gutes, flüssiges Gameplay.Negativpunkt: Soweit ich sehe, gibt es nur ein Save und man kann den Schwierigkeitsgrad nicht nachträglich anpassen."
76561198346360425,Recommended,553640,28783287,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,nekosuki,"Good game. Smooth gameplay, awesome BGM and graphics,"
,Recommended,553640,28770709,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,the_grassninja,I think you'll love this game. I found it on an island full of coconuts... and only coconuts!
,Recommended,553640,31963436,Posted: 25 May,all,alpsprice,"this game is really amazing, for most of times, we play game by finishing the tasks with following the directions. But this game is different. And ICEY also chose a nice background setting, that is ""the king in yellow"".But there is also some problems for the game. One is translation, for example, if you are trying to cite the sentences from the book, please do not just translate from Chinese edition into English.by the way, the origin text of the poem is:strange is the night where the black stars riseand strange moons circle through the skiesbut stranger still islost Carcosa"
,Recommended,553640,31875946,Posted: 20 May,all,SeaEarthandSky,memes
76561197995508246,Recommended,553640,31908530,Posted: 22 May,all,Ratastok,The gameplay of Icey is really well done as well as very addictive. The game is also Gorgeous and the music is great. but it is especially with its weird story and its commentator that the game shine so much.I strongly suggest to get it and do yourself a favor... mess up with the commentator. You won't regret going to the bottom of all this ^^
,Recommended,553640,31861588,Posted: 20 May,all,ExtinctSaurus,"THERE ARE INFINITE GOD DAMN STUN LOCKS IN ALL AREAS!OH AND BY THE WAY YOU ARE UNABLE TO CHANGE THE DIFFICULTY SO IF YOU PICK HARD LIKE I DID YOURE STUCK WITH IT. WHAT KIND OF PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME DEV DOESNT ALLOW A DIFFICULTY SWAP!oh and spoiler alert after you beat some giant ♥♥♥♥ing robot with ice powers which is hard as hell to beat considering his lazers can hit you anywhere in the small af arena, you're thrown onto an elevator with enemies that... guess  what... STUNLOCK THE LIVING♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF ICEY, oh and if you dont put enough points into vitality and shield good luck making the hell out of that elevator.Anyway enough complaining other than that the combat is pretty fun and addictive, the narrator is quirky and will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't follow the path he set out for you which is funny, and the bosses are unique and challenging.It's like if you take Salt and Sanctuary put a futuristic theme on it and made the combat faster. Plus the character is semi attractive.JUST DONT PICK HARD MODE YOU WILL REGRET IT AND YOUR NEIGHBORS WILL HATE YOU!"
76561198059631734,Recommended,553640,31884292,Posted: 21 May,all,Necro (Ebola-Chan),"""very good game, buy it!"" ""narrator is famous, buy it!"" ""this game has lots of reviews, buy it!""I did it boss"
76561198143227063,Recommended,553640,31949850,Posted: 25 May,all,Jaedien,I LIKE IT!
76561198391439107,Recommended,553640,32036695,Posted: 29 May,all,&^$@@1,这游戏非常有意思
76561198236822006,Recommended,553640,32041341,Posted: 29 May,all,【PRAXTING】NARAGORO,very nice gameadvantage:2d animation rocksmany combos to keep you busynice sci-fi theme battle screendisadvantagebattles repeat themselves
76561198389371687,Recommended,553640,32050043,Posted: 29 May,all,Clintbeastwood,The narrator sent me.
,Recommended,553640,28368270,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Malice,"This game is funny and has a decent story. The gameplay is decent. For the price, I recommend it."
,Recommended,553640,28381269,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,devoidcheeks,"Picked this up based on Jason's mention on the bombcast.  Totally worth $11...only played a bit, but based on what I played my money was well spent...looking forward to what else it has to offer."
76561198347869967,Recommended,553640,28176638,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Bronya's rabbit,......GOOD~
76561198061379415,Recommended,553640,28537831,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Xaveze,"Pros+Tight Gameplay+Plenty of fun to be had with the narrator+Good soundtrack+Mind blowing secrets to be foundCons-Short (At least if you follow all the narrators commands)-Can be hard to find all secretsFinal Note:After playing through to the end of the story with whatever side things you wanted to do, I cannot reccommend enough that you look at the achievment guide for this game from the steam interface. Because you will soon find that in this brilliant mix of The Stanley Parable and Dust:AET, there is a secret ingredient beneath it all: Lovecraftian Mythos."
76561198100595628,Recommended,553640,26756674,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,夜刀神 十香,打击感不错，音乐欠佳，总体来说游戏不错，特别是逗比旁白
76561198020009476,Recommended,553640,27499550,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Egi,"Now, let's make something clear. At the surface, and on gameplay level, ICEY is exactly what it looks like, a simple action game.But don't look away yet. While it is a simple action game, it hits every aspect that makes an action game great and entertaining.The gameplay is solid, fairly challenging, quick restart (except on the last boss, hopefully developer will amend that eventually), and a great soundtrack for the design of the game.Now, action games, due to their nature, suffer in certain aspects. That being story and character development.And this is why I must commend the developer with the ***** he required of me. See, they took those details that do not excel on an action game, and put them inside of a meta game inside the game! Think that's confusing? Try playing it and figuring it out! The little clues here and there sure do a good job in goading the player on trying to find everything and understand what's going on backstage.Furthermore, another detail that comes to my mind and I must bring up, the game does have a somewhat.... Small number of assets (enemies, levels), however, due to the solid and challenging gameplay I've brought up before, it does not suffer for it, just beware you'll see somethings repeating a bit."
,Recommended,553640,27487673,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Laxenade,It's a pretty good game
76561197994428744,Recommended,553640,27105104,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marvoss,"Great spin on a very well designed hack ""N"" slash"
,Recommended,553640,26743341,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Silver,"*possible spoilers, just to be safeSilver proceeds to write a review for IceyThe art, animation, sound and music is good.If this review isn't useful...then Judas must have sabotaged itRemember Icey MUST ALWAYS follow the arrows so she doesn't get lost**In all seriousness though I REEEEEELLLY recommend this game to anyone. However I must give a seizure warning since a lot of screen flasing occursThe art is Beautiful, The Animations are smooth, The sound is very well done and the music is AWESOME (though it does repeat often) The Bosses are also a lot of fun to fight, the other enemies too.The narrator only narrates in Chinese but there are subtitles. Its also HILARIOUS when you disobey the Narrater's instructions ^^ 8/10*update: I got the secret ending and it is TOTALLY worth the effort"
76561198035477701,Recommended,553640,27428976,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nero,"Let's break this game down, shall we?Icey is a 2D hack and slash title where you go about playing as Icey to go off and kill the big bad villan of the game. Or do you?You play as ICEY, and yes, that capitalization is intentional. The combat flows much like Dust:AET. Dash at the right time and you can land a ""counter"" move which deals a nice amount of damage or instanatly kills it. Combos can be freely chain and usually melt anything and everything when you start hitting the higher digits of chains. The upgrade system is pretty standard for a game ike this. Upgrade combo A and it becomes stronger, upgrade health and shields for more... you get where this is going.Let's adress the meta part of this game. To be honest, it adresses a lot of problems/things that happen in game development. One thing the narattor adresses is metanarative and narative in game design in an interesting way. If you are interested in the duality of narative design, I'd reccomend paying attention to not only the narrator's words, but your own actions.Onto the graphics. Honestly, the artstyle suits the title quite well. There is some area rehashing, and it doesn't quite feel as good as it should. The background are quite beautiful to look at, as are the enemies and the heroine of the game. Admitantly, I was not as suprised as I should be when I noticed the immediate config loader was for the Unity Engine.To round it up, Icey is a fantastic title if you want a story that brings high paced combat with a side serving of meta-game development. Pick up this game if you want something small, fun and fast."
76561198340243219,Recommended,553640,28356068,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,jov417,"Great game thus far, even though I can't seem to resume the game from the initial ""wake up"" phase, stuck on [Continue with Narrator] start up. Watched enough game play videos and doesn't seem like I'm missing any steps, sadly I spoiled some of the story for myself, so I won't be playing this game, but over all the first impression I got from it was over all splendid. :D"
76561198081877794,Recommended,553640,28489716,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,BlakJakXXI,"Considered waiting for another sale to get this game, but I was getting impatient and decided to get it at regular price of $10.99 anyway. Overall, I think I got my money's worth for the most part.Referring to Xbox 360 controller layout, the basic attacks include light and heavy attacks of various combos (EX: XY, XXY, XXYY, XXXY, UpX, YYY), both for ground and air, and many of said combos can be chained together rather smoothly. When enemies are weakened enough, the B button hovers over them for you to perform finishers on them. They then release crystals for Icey to absorb into her scabbard via holding the X button, and she then releases an AOE attack inflicting damage to all enemies on screen, and the amount of damage depends on how many crystals you absorb at one time. Pressing LB when it appears over an enemy sends out a copy of Icey to slash them, which can even be initiated while you're in the middle of combos. Pressing LB with either X or Y performs stronger attacks that also make you invulnerable during their use in exchange for some of your health. All in all, you're given quite a lot to work with in terms of how you can confront enemies and bosses, and you can buy/upgrade attacks, abilities, and health to strengthen them with cash you get from defeated enemies and breaking crates hidden in levels.The story aspect of the game is pretty enjoyable for the most part, with how you can obey the narrator's instructions and defeat Judas, or disobey him to get some rather interesting and entertaining reactions out of him, and find some additional secret areas, endings, some Easter eggs, etc. Finding all the endings will also lead you to finding the true/secret ending.Regarding a few criticisms, one of them is how there are only two difficulties (easy and hard mode). While hard mode is a notable challenge, especially if you start the game on it, the feeling of danger decreases when you get most of the upgrades, even on said difficulty. Perhaps it's just me, but I was only really able to get killed when I went back to the last two bosses and Jack when I had everything upgraded at at least 2 levels. While the game is still fun to play, if you want the game to go back to being really hard for those who want to keep experiencing said sense of danger, you do have the option to reset the game. That, and/or you might want to avoid upgrading attacks and abilities too high of levels (the max level being 3), or specifically avoiding upgrading the stuff that would allow you to survive a lot of damage. Still, I think I would have liked an option of an extra hard mode of sorts so having to go to such lengths wouldn't have to be necessary, and you could still keep the upgrades you bought in the process.It's also kind of a bummer that it lacks a hoard/survival mode to focus on fighting a certain or indefinite amount of enemy waves, and maybe throw the bosses into the mix as well. Given how good the gameplay is, it seems as though that could be a neat addition for the game.Another thing is that the game is kind of short. When I started the game, it was on hard mode, and I got killed quite a lot. Taking that into account while I was completing the game 100%, it took me around 10 hours. On the other hand, if you ever to want to reset the game for reasons mentioned above, it probably won't fell tedious to go back and 100% the game again, which I myself might do, with how much I've enjoyed it.Overall, despite a few gripes, it's a very enjoyable hack and slash game with a combat system well put together, a style of storytelling that makes you want to explore and search more more, and a nice artstyle and soundtrack (which is even available as a free download) to accompany it."
,Recommended,553640,28469990,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Freecandies,"So, its Stanleys Parable with really good gameplay instead of beeing walking simulator. And since its one of the very few good 2D brawlers, you should play it even if it had metanarrative parts cut off"
76561198166268642,Recommended,553640,28463815,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,kuttsy14,Loved the art work and the effects.
,Recommended,553640,28281424,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ragna,"I am really liking this game.The way the story is told , the combat , visuals, everything was done with such care.The game is really beautiful and the price is so low.I really want to support these Devs.The only things I did not like are the fact that it is spoken in Chinese , but with subtitles.No offense(really!!) , but it is not a beautiful language like english , japanese , french ,italian,korean ,etc...sometimes it is hard to keep hearing the narrator.And the other thing is that the story is veeeery silly.Game is a must buy for fans of 2d fighting games"
76561197980388492,Recommended,553640,28299870,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,KeZkin,Reminds me of MegaMen X. Great fun and I will buy ICEY 2 if it comes out.
76561198138458786,Recommended,553640,28300250,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ixion984,"Wow! This game is incredible. First off, the art is fantastic. Highly detailed backgrounds, characters, and animations; beautiful colors and a pleasing art syle. The narritive and underlying story is great, although hard to follow at times due to the disjointed nature of how it can be told. Just how disjointed depends entirely on you and your actions during the game. The underlying gameplay is satisfying and moderately challenging. If you have played any sidescrolling beat-'em-ups you should have no problem finding your rhythm after learning the controls and combos. There are upgrades to your combos and health and they aren't too hard to max out. Secrets abound on every level and the narrator is highly entertaining. I am loath to give any but the most basic details in my review to avoid spoiling the game.Final score: 5/7 Perfect. I highly recommend picking up a copy, its well worth paying full price."
,Recommended,553640,28302883,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,☮Get Mekd Bro☮,"Fun indie-anime-ish gamePros: 1. The narrartor is funny and cool (kind of like the Stanley Parable narrator)2. Combat is challenging, fun, and fast paced.3. Lots of easter eggs4. You get to play as a cute anime girl5. decent replayablility because of RPG type leveling6. No glitches/crashes at least in my first playthrough7. Soundtrack is really good if you like EDMCons: 1. The story is uh, hard to follow. You are ICEY and you need to kill the evil man is all I really got out of it.2. Bosses get recycled as regular enemies later on.3. Game was kind of short (2-3 hours to beat with exploring for Easter Eggs.) but for this cheap of an indie game I guess that's to be expected.I haven't played very many 2d action games before so idk how this compares to others but this one sure was fun for a while! 5 stars!oh and make sure you play this game with a controller, it's so much better that way!"
76561198243093376,Recommended,553640,28350782,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Paradomix,This is a really good game with pretty good effects and combat but not really feeling the story though and you do something with the resolution and make it able to change so that the game would run more smoother for other players with bad computers
76561198031386640,Recommended,553640,28350224,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sonicslayer,"A great little Hack n' Slash with a reasonable bit of difficulty. I enjoyed each boss battle (Jack was my favorite) and I really liked that you could go back and fight them again if you wanted to. The ost is outstanding and really kept me interested. A rather short game though. If you follow the narrators instructions to the letter I reckon the average gamer could finish in 2-3 hours. The most interesting factor about this game is it's Stanley Parable-esque storytelling (lacking an English narrator, but I'm okay with subtitles). Unexpected in a Hack n' Slash but it works out pretty well, giving you little asides from the main story.8/10"
,Recommended,553640,28338412,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,LouieSalmon,"More than anything else, this is a very well-made 2D character action game. Even partway through the game, you have a verstile and upgradable moveset that feels good to learn. Lots of flashy visuals and extremely detailed backgrounds that seem either drawn or painted. The narrator is a big part of this experience, and though I don't speak chinese the voice acting seemed quite good throughout. The story goes to a lot of different little places, and the way the gameplay and story flows is actually somewhat comparable to The Stanley Parable, as silly as that may sound. I think a few moments of the narrative don't quite nail what they were going for, to the point that I would think the writer didn't quite understand what they were doing, but at other moments it hits the nail on the head. There is clearly a serious throughline in the story, and on the side are a bunch of goofy offshoots and other departures from the actual story.TL;DR:Overall this is a great action game with lots of good enemy and character designs, with a story that is mostly tame but has many funny, sad, and insightful offshoots."
,Recommended,553640,28321696,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tyrzi,"It could be that I haven't been playing much of beat em up/hack 'n' slash games, but I really enjoy this a lot. It's so fast and rather hard, but when you get used to controls and enemy patterns, you feel so good, and secrets in this game are interesting. Love the visual design and music. Even if this game feels sometimes empty and unfinished, when you find secrets, you kinda feel like it's part of this world. When I think that this part and that part are made lazy, I think that ""lazy"" part is part of the story itself. This game is not as lazy and empty as I make it sound to be. The amount of content this game has is enough for interesting and fun time."
,Recommended,553640,28319640,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Themis,"I really enjoyed this game, even though it has flaws. My first issue was I found the game rather... Easy. Even on hard there was no point where I felt a sufficient difficulty challenge and I think the only boss I got stuck on was Jack, why I felt had a few attacks that simply weren't choreographed well enough. That said the gameplay is very fun if repetititive at times, but when the player gets used to all the combos the game becomes so natural and fluid feeling. The mileage of combat really will vary but I enjoyed it greatly on a personal level, and almost all the bosses are fun up to the last two. The last two, however, felt rather similar and underwhelming as far as ""climaxes"" go. The meta elements felt really strong to me and they didn't feel like too much breaks in the combat due to the stunted nature of this type of fighting game anyways. Some worked better then others, but I'd say the same out of any meta game. Overall it's a strong game, with a fun combat system that's not for everyone and meta elements which will hold strong if you're okay with the possibility for stunting gameplay depending on how methodically you play the game."
76561198133608412,Recommended,553640,28312761,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,brandenaustin37,"fun game, i recommend this game to anyone a fan to this type of genre"
,Recommended,553640,28317792,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Sprawl,"Icey is a mix between a 2D Brawler and the meta element of games such as Stanly Parable and The Magic Circle. The brawling part is actually very fun. It is quite satisfying and can be very challenging. The enemy variety isn't that high, but they seem to get extra moves as the game progresses.The part that keeps it from being a great game is the meta elements around it. While it starts well, most events simply revolves around not following the arrows and having the narrator talking about it, receiving an achivement and the game restarting to the last checkpoint. While the narration is great, the events just don't stay interesting very long.In the end, it is an interesting game but it's lacking a little to make it truly great. I still recommend this to those who like brawler and haven't played ""The Stanley Parable""."
,Recommended,553640,30300996,Posted: 3 March,all,Panthros,"I don't write many reviews.  Sometimes a purchase just amazes me.  This has to be best console game in Steam.  This could be on PS4 or Xbox One.  This is one of the action anime games and draws you in looking for more.  The music is outstanding.  The developer also keeps investing in this game.  Now there is an english voice for the heroine.  For those that are having trouble with controls, use a joystick.  I highly encourage everyone to give this game a try.  I would love nothing better than for this game to be the on the top 10 on Steam."
,Recommended,553640,30303178,Posted: 3 March,all,Noxdragoon,"This game is awesome!Not only the gameplay, but the story and the form in wich the story is told.Just one tip: play it with an controller.You can 1000% it in easy in 10h.its cheap at 12€ but i would even buy it for 20 or 30 €.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,553640,30255273,Posted: 28 February,all,McKenzie,Great graphics and soundtrack. But the combos often don't register when you press the button. They could work on that.
,Recommended,553640,30254042,Posted: 28 February,all,[EGN] Shado_,"The most fun I have ever had in a campaign game in a VERY long time.The only ""bad"" thing I could say about it would be that I wish it were longer c:"
76561198122268989,Recommended,553640,30273680,Posted: 1 March,all,Twilit_Alchemist_Icaros,"Fun, addicting, tight controls, challenging"
76561198049829165,Recommended,553640,30274882,Posted: 2 March,all,Mihusu,"It's the best game ever, and I definitely recommend ICEY.I love the soundtrack.Character: 10/10Gameplay 9/10Overall: 10/10"
76561198054159783,Recommended,553640,30285203,Posted: 2 March,all,Grey_Goo,GOOD !
76561198359890081,Recommended,553640,30291847,Posted: 3 March,all,PurpleOwl,I haven't even finished the game yet but I already had to write a review. This is an awesome game with lots of hidden gems in it! I've been playing it with the original Mandarin voice over because there's just something about the original voice that captures certain emotions that the English version does not. Get this game! It's worth it! And don't forget to follow the arrows ;)
,Recommended,553640,30293283,Posted: 3 March,all,Lionarith,Yeah! English voices finally :)Totally stylish game.
,Recommended,553640,30292365,Posted: 3 March,all,Hubert C. (✿◠‿◠)󠀡,"The developer spent 10 years testing out prototypes and variations of this game, thus earning my 5 star rating. Buy it."
76561198061701390,Not Recommended,553640,30284474,Posted: 2 March,all,lucimon,"Tl;dr frustrating, but nice to look at, short so 5€ at mostThere is good and bad in here. Let's start with the goodthe combat feels pretty good, you move fast, there are enough combos to keep you entertained for the playtime and finishing moves are satisfyingthe art and animations are gorgeous to look atit controls pretty well albeit a few combos refused to trigger for me every now and then but maybe I'm just bad at brawlersthere are a few nice fourth wall breaking momentsthe soundtrack is pretty goodNow I come to the bad and a bunch of this could have been avoided pretty easilyit's pretty short, I was looking for secrets and checking out alternative ways when I could and played on hard (if there is a hardmode, I don't really know, maybe the game was just trolling me there but it certainly felt hard)even being so short the second half of the game was almost completely recycled backgrounds from the first but in a different order or grey factory hallwaysin fights with a lot of enemies it's possible to get stunlocked to death, which is always a shamesome of the checkpoints are pretty far aparteither some of the hitboxes are pretty dodgy or the animations for your attacks are much more generous than the actual attack area, either way a lot of my hits didn't connect when I was sure they should havea few hard difficulty spikes that felt frustratingthe main of those difficulty spikes being the second to last boss, Dahal, when attacking him directly he would always just turn into a spinning shuriken with no time to react that immediately stunlocked about 1/5 of my health away (note: I only upgraded my health and shield once because up to that point I never had any major problems with it) the obvious solution is to bait him into a combo and then attack him from behind. The annoying problem with that is that with half of his moves he can turn around midcombo and start hitting you and he can also interrupt most of his attacks halfway through and turn into a shuriken and as I said stunlock you, with most of these things he gives next to no time to react or animations to anticipate what he is going to do.Adding to that they were nice enough to place a checkpoint almost directly in front of his arena so when you die you can try again fast. What I mean with almost is that every time you have to walk through another room on the way to him, listen to some uninterruptable dialoge and kill an enemy that dies after one hit, costing you 20 pointless seconds every time.Said enemy is seemingly part of the story that, at least to me, most of the time didn't make much sense, I can't remember having ever heard of the person before or after in the game and it's never elaborated on why she is stealing my time. As to the story, some guy called Judas apparently caused the apocalypse,♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan and now he is trying to upload himself into the interwebs or something. I am told by the narrator that that is a bad thing and he needs stopping, so after the really frustrating second to last boss I complained about earlier I walk straight into the final boss arena and kill Judas on the first try by just spamming the spin attack in his face until he's dead to which the sun rises over the city, a black hole opens in the sky, I disappear and the credits roll. Did you understand that? Me neither.If you can put up with at times very frustrating combat it's alright but still not worth 12€ in my opinion, if you can pick it up for 5€ you're probably alright but all in all it feels a bit like a missed opportunity."
,Recommended,553640,30279165,Posted: 2 March,all,DasVinni,Awesome 2D battle-game with nice combat system meets The Stanley Parable.It's really fun to replay the levels just to see all other paths you can take.
76561197998135402,Recommended,553640,30275720,Posted: 2 March,all,Shiroka,"I give a 5-Star Rating for this Game, so that the 10 Years for the Developer of making this Game was not wasted"
76561198030530142,Recommended,553640,30269396,Posted: 1 March,all,*fingers*,"**FIRST IMPRESSION**Had my *fingers* in this for about an hour and a half. Combat is fun, but the game world feels too limited and the creator tries too hard to be 'Meta', at times wrenching the controls from you to give you a monologue about how much higher and mightier than you he is and how hard making games are, despite one of the main point of the game being letting you ignore the narrator and experience what you want to. Overall the limited game world doesn't make good use of the combat mechanics, the enemies feel limited and repetative especially when having to redo the same short sections to get to different game paths, and the narrator spends too much time lecturing you for playing the game. 'Meta' doesn't just mean the game or characters acknowledging they're in a game, it's about taking paradigms that are taken as read and subverting them in ways standard narrative are unable to. This is what makes Stanley's Parable an enjoyable experience. Lectures are not an enjoyable experience (see any non-art college courseload). Combat is 9/10 for feel, upgrades are 6/10 for lack of fun choices, narrative is 4/10, credit for presentation and trying. I understand there are a number of bosses in the game, I only fought one, this is more of a first impression than anything else, I gave it up the second time the Narrator took my controls away to monologue at me and later drop me in a different game to ridicule me...Will recommend, but the game is only for people into the combat and bosses, not so much for the 'Meta' experience. Other games have done it better."
,Recommended,553640,30274133,Posted: 2 March,all,Vatra,"This is a side-scrolling beat 'em up game with a narrator/player relationship similar to Stanly Parable. That is to say that the narrator seems to have his own agenda which you may or may not choose to go along with. The story on the surface appears to be a very shallow and standard game premise, but hidden lore which you might find implies that there's something more mysterious behind the scenes. I've played about 8 hours, and at time of writing, I have not played with the new english voice or free DLC. I found the narration very funny, even just through subtitles and I recommend this title to anyone who likes to dig deep into game lore.Edit: I just played with the English Narrator, and I have to say I don't think I would have enjoyed the game nearly as much if I started with English. To be clear, I'm not a ""Subs snob"" or anything like that, I usually prefer dubs in anime and games. It's just that the english voice has so much less emotion than the Japanese one."
76561198052610205,Recommended,553640,30267271,Posted: 1 March,all,Raizyr,"At the time of writing this review, I´m 30 minutes into this game. This is what I´ve experienced so far:-An infinite loop of ICEY sleeping,-arrows to ignore-a silent hill reference-an named unnamed city-cyberspace with money inside it for some reasons-arrows to ignore-some city that wont let me in for some reasons-is that an arro- nah lets ignore that for now-trolled the narrator  by ignoring the arrows-got trolled by the narrator for ignoring arrows-got into the archive by ignoring arrows-saw a dmc (?) and binding of isaac reference in the archive-narrator literally makes fun of everything-i love this game already10/10 would ignore arrrows again"
,Recommended,553640,30347550,Posted: 5 March,all,T-Reks,"Honestly, I don't go out of my way to write reviews for games very often, however this game is incredible, think ""The Stanley Parable"" crossed with ""Castlevania"" you are an android that has a 2.5D environment to explore while a narrator and on screen arrows keep trying to tell you where you *should* go. There is freedom during the playthrough in this game, and there are tons of endings and ""Dead Ends"" where you will get kicked back to the level select to pick another path. One advantage to this mechanic is that you only have to jump back a few screens from wherever you reached your last ending before going back to try the other path or in some cases, one of the other paths. The narrator usually has some awareness of what you're doing and tries to seem genuinely helpfulparticularly in the ""Toxic pool"" endingbut it kinda sticks it to games where it feels like you're just playing the hero because someone told you you're the hero, and instead makes you question the person telling you that those guys over there are bad because I said so.tl;dr: If you liked The Stanley Parable and you can play decent at sidescrolling action games, you'll probably get a good bit of enjoyment out of this title, worth checking out."
76561198200475694,Recommended,553640,31241227,Posted: 19 April,all,Kayzk,Action is smooth and plot is interesting. Inspiring ending to hear the voice of Icey.Thanks for your company sincerely.
,Recommended,553640,31204697,Posted: 17 April,all,HDD Lambda //-11-\\,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of narrator in this game became my hobby and a space race to obtain my sides from the orbit.Going blender on foes and survival was good way to have fun. Cookie for you completed the ""Cheat room"" without using the cheat.Only issue is the Parry? (counter attack?=. It needs to be very precise.Whelp, cya in the future ICEY or whatever your True name is."
76561198079795608,Recommended,553640,29212831,Posted: 12 January,all,vilvec,"Let's keep this short and tight.>Great 2D combat.Very fluid and responsive. Attack, heavy attack, dodge. Dodge can chain into counter, comboes do more damage. Killed enemies give health and can proc an area attack if so desired. Good depth.i-frame on dodge is at the start of the animation.In good tradition, the final boss is not the hardest one. You got to earn the better fights.>Story is good and ends up being heart-warming.In a way. You have to revisit areas, find out the secrets, earn some more snippets.It has great moments, but it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ with your mind like Lain would do. It doesn't ask the insane philisophical questions. It won't make you uncomfortable like Stanley's Parable would do.What it actually does imo, is the stuff that a friend would say, who already beat the game. He would tell you about random stuff, give random hints, still trying not to spoil anything.Um, well. It's much more heart-warming once you get to the true ending.Expect to average on about 5-7 hours playtime.Good, fun playtime that will be revisited at some point, I guess.That's it. It's a tight, witty game.And of course, I did the tutorial on giving a 5 star-rating.So here goes nothing:⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐Not too shabby for the Chosen One."
,Recommended,553640,31244399,Posted: 19 April,all,WZ,"2D action game with basic, combo based, button mashy (but enjoyable) combat.""Meta"" narrative without many surprises, but it is fun♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the narrator.Do not use a guide, try and guess all the various ways to mess with him.Pros :Simple but effective combat - no ""invicibility frames"", you are always liable to die fast.Writing is interesting & somehow makes the most basic plot ever sound intriguing.Pretty good OST, not greedily sold as $5 bucks DLC - but given free.Cons :Suffers from poor english dub - the guy is trying, he just lacks talent/experience.Suffers from most ""meta"" jokes/secrets being too obvious/too easily found.Overall an enjoyable experience, paid the full asking price & no regrets.I do hope we get a sequel - with more polish & budget, the potential is huge."
,Recommended,553640,31341027,Posted: 24 April,all,Nubilus,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥off the narrator again
76561198163027893,Recommended,553640,31517923,Posted: 2 May,all,npsmel,"Fun game, and the commentary is interesting and funny."
,Recommended,553640,31570781,Posted: 5 May,all,김정은,great game
76561198285379415,Recommended,553640,31589420,Posted: 6 May,all,sleyy007,"ICEY is very enjoyable game. Art is fantastic, great humor and the boss fights are fun and challenging."
,Recommended,553640,31503336,Posted: 2 May,all,Siyansur,This game is realy intresting. Didn't expect it to suck me in as mutch as it did.
76561198060924157,Recommended,553640,31731240,Posted: 13 May,all,Some Douche with a Guitar,"Personally, I'm quite a big fan of this game, and really enjoyed quite a few of the challenges presented. Mechanically, the game is excellent, smooth, responsive, and the combos are all fun to pull off, and there is a lot of strategy in the fights, if you want to use it.That said, your mileage will vary depending on your sense of humour, because the bulk of this game is the narration and story. Personally, I found this game to be vaugely amusing and had a lot to say about the topic of free will, but others might disagree.Tl;DR the only reason to avoid picking up this game is if you don't like fourth wall breaks, more or less."
76561198109225945,Recommended,553640,31714370,Posted: 12 May,all,qirui.fan,"The combat is fun to play. I am not really good it but I chose high difficulty anyway, so I die a lot. But when I finally acquired the skill to kill the bosses, it feels very nice.Some reviewers say there are a lot of similarities between this and stanley parable, and I have to admit that I never played stanley parable or any metagame before, so this one is very interesting at least to me."
76561198164581334,Recommended,553640,31741206,Posted: 13 May,all,brian.p901022,"awesome, the longer u play the better u get"
,Recommended,553640,29546410,Posted: 28 January,all,- \/G - TurtlePug's Spellcheck,The narrator asked me to give it a good review
76561198006416682,Recommended,553640,29256068,Posted: 14 January,all,DoomyDoom,"Short version:A 2D side-scrolling action(?) brawler, heavily carried by its story and presentation, albeit not in the ""mechanics are bad"" way. There are a couple poorly communicated quirks resulting in pain points, but eventually they can be figured (or toughed) out and turn into a fluid and pleasant experience. A really short game (<15 hours) with no option other than fully clearing it (100% achievements equals seeing just about everything the game has to offer), but definitely something I'd play more of.Long version:In the interest of not ruining the story, I'll say that this game has continually, throughout all my time with it, made me feel a lot like dealing with a trick question. You know, that situation when you are sure you're being deliberately screwed with, you know the other party expects you to screw up, and knows exactly HOW you're going to screw up since they've set you up in the first place? And you know that they know, so you resign yourself to the ""that is how it is supposed to be, let's see how it goes""? Well, that was the bulk of my non-combat experience with ICEY. But, spoilers be damned, I must add that turningdoing nothinginto a compelling option to experience is not a thing you often see in videogames.Mechanics-wise, the system is quite satisfying... once you make sense of it. ICEY immediately threw me off during the first couple of hours, as I've found out that typical recovery options (aerial/ground rolls) are nonexistant. Then I noticed that all the combos are directionless (you can change the direction of your next part of the combo to hit left or right) and are not damage frame locked (you can just input the whole thing and watch it execute, no need to time each next part). Later on I've realised that the primary function of ""barrier"" gauge is ""being the only way prevent stunlocks"", rather than absorbing damage, so not prioritizing upgrades of that was a mistake (upgrade description talks about ""amount of absorbed damage"" which caused the confusion for me). Completing the ""need to know"" was the fact that attacks can be cancelled by the dash/evade move during most of their frames, which gives a lot more leeway in trying to land heavy combos or just plain getting out of harm's way in time.The one seriously annoying part is that some bosses also have attacks with directionless initiation frames, so if you slip past them via dash a wee bit early, you'll witness the boss doing a 180 and hitting you with what should, by all rights, go in the opposite direction and give you an opening.The best part? ICEY lets you skip just about every bit of content (although you'll have to go back there eventually) and go straight for more difficult levels without ever telling you that you've missed out on a whole lot of upgrade currency and easier fights to practice with (you can understand you've skipped stuff, but not to what extent). The result? Here I am, burning almost 1.5 hours on a boss, who is essentially a harder version of one of the first serious encounters you were expected to fight. Serves me right for not following the damn arrow, I guess. Or maybe don't pick the Hard difficulty (it's one thing game doesn't care about in terms of completion, the second being ""getting all upgrades"").Ok, that was not the best part. The actual one - even after having cleared the game, I'm not entirely sure just how many of those mechanical struggles were deliberately designed, and how many are my own fault. Which definitely scores some point in my book, as well as makes wonder whether or not I've just spoiled the game by explaining how it works. Good job, developers, good job (no /s).Lastly, the technical issues section:ICEY has no graphical options to speak of: basically just resolution, windowed/fullscreen, display and ""graphics quality"", which only has a single ""high"" setting for me. Sadly, the tearing is fairly heavy, so do your eyes a favor and force Vsync on.Keyboard control scheme is a bit weird (Weak and strong attacks on different rows? Really now?). If you decide to remap it - in-game button prompls for U (bonus damage move) and L (enemy execution) keys seem to be static (they don't change to reflect my keys), but combo listing does actually recognize settings. Didn't try the gamepad, because keyboard controls were already very responsive and did exactly what I told them to.Menus control with WASD because... exactly why? Also, hiding mouse cursor in a game that has 0 mouse support isn't hard. Yes, this is super minor stuff. Still annoying for no good reason."
,Recommended,553640,31055328,Posted: 9 April,all,7th_Kuro7mi,"I wish the game was longer, one of the greatest game I've ever played.There's a narrator that will lead your path, but you can ignore him and go somewhere else, it's much more fun that way. You'll see the narrator will be kind of irritated with your action but, that's what make it different with any other common beat-em up game.That aside, great game and you won't be disappointed on what you just buy"
76561198047185654,Recommended,553640,32233104,Posted: 6 June,all,Dank Ra,I must say that this game is good and can at times be funny. I liked the theme but it felt like the story was too short. The gameplay is what I expect from a hack n slack.
76561198351549174,Recommended,553640,32260486,Posted: 7 June,all,嘿小嘿,"Wow, it's difficult, but it's prbably my poor technique. I can't get through the simple last hurdle!It's really a good gameDon't miss it"
76561198126468970,Recommended,553640,32258330,Posted: 7 June,all,Crystal-Hero,"This game had me laughing hard for hours!The way it is rewritten, you'd think DeadPool wrote the script.Yes, It's that funny!"
,Recommended,553640,32241469,Posted: 7 June,all,Distu,Great game with action and fun (fun because of the raging and crying of the narrator) Ｏ(≧▽≦)Ｏ
76561198281319507,Recommended,553640,32150235,Posted: 3 June,all,amsavage,"Jeez, I've played it like two hours and I'm already hooked. I love the way the story plays, and I love the mechanics, especially once you start upgrading you abilities. 9/10 easy, it's totally worth the money, plus they made some free dlc for it which is a super considerate bonus."
,Recommended,553640,32290722,Posted: 9 June,all,1000Chains,"It's a wise choise that developers put their effort into main gameplay, and they made it good enough."
76561198058517456,Recommended,553640,32338028,Posted: 11 June,all,BeamishRex,Great game - one of the best I've played in ages. Looks gorgeous and heaps of fun. Best with the original voiceover though.
76561198153989686,Recommended,553640,32345442,Posted: 11 June,all,LovingYoung,"Anyway, It's a good game. Although there are some flaws, but it's endurable.Pros:Great musics and battle feeling.A sensible story.Naughty narratags.A free DLC.Cons:Limited categories of enemies."
,Recommended,553640,32693659,Posted: 23 June,all,GuyInDogSuit,"English Narrator's voice is extremely terrible and annoying. Switch to Mandarin Chinese, you'll thank me.Other than that, this game is fun."
,Recommended,553640,32757797,Posted: 24 June,all,He Who Wanders,"An interesting game, but it is VERY short. While doing quite a few side rooms and having the game paused for a little bit while not playing, I beat it in 2.5 hours. If you just follow the arrows, I wouldn't be surprised if you can beat this in 1.5 hours. The art style is pretty, and for the most part the combat is not too bad even if it can be quite annoying at times. Narrator is amusing for the most part, but the ""follow the arrows"" lines get old very quickly, and there are moments where they are more annoying than amusing. The story seems interesting at first, but honestly you get almost nothing of substance out of it, which is not surprising with how short of a game this is.I will go ahead and put it as a recommend because it is an interesting little game, but I honestly think it is worth maybe half of what it currently costs, so about a $4 or $5 game."
,Recommended,553640,33622532,Posted: 17 July,all,Euwrecker,Surprisingly solid gameplay and a decent narrative that got a few chuckles out of me. It gives me faith in the potential of the Chinese indie games scene.
76561198011853121,Recommended,553640,33579634,Posted: 16 July,all,MaxPower,"Fun game overall with a nice gameplay (minus the input bugs), but way too short.I feel like a lot of precious developpement time was wasted on ""meta jokes"". The story tries to be smart but fails. The game tries to be funny and clever, but fails as well. The voice acting also falls short for what it's trying to do.Buy only at 5 euros maximum."
,Recommended,553640,32739359,Posted: 24 June,all,This is Gary Huang,"10/10I am glad that this game is made by a chinese company,and this is the first chinese game that I like"
,Recommended,553640,33389094,Posted: 8 July,all,Lon'cool,"You can♥♥♥♥♥♥off the narrator and get awarded for it, as well as experience stylish combat. Those are two good enough reasons to buy it, right?"
,Recommended,553640,33398022,Posted: 9 July,all,Trixxx,from what ive played its really good but here are some pros and cons-pros-has a great soundtrack-cool narration-very pretty game-combat is fun-many upgrades-great character design-has easy to learn controls-cons-some of the bigger enemies only use like 1 attack and there is no cooldown on their attack so they can spam it and make you imobile which makes you get killed easy which is annoying since the saves are scarce in this game-saves are too out put-the controls are uncomforatable-bosses can spam attacks-no enemy attack cooldown
,Recommended,553640,33463450,Posted: 11 July,all,Trusty Destro,"Even though it was pretty short (I beat it in 2 hours) It had an amazing narative, great and robust gameplay, and this game is defenitely unique compared to anything else I've played. I am going back now and achievement hunting."
76561198082806125,Recommended,553640,33319120,Posted: 6 July,all,Cheeki Breeki,"A brilliant effort from fantablade!The story is intriguing, the gameplay is exciting and the meta aspects add a unique feel to the game. All thiscomplemented by the expertly crafted art and soundtrack make for an experience i recommend wholeheartedly ,the only downside being the short length of the game."
76561198009906250,Recommended,553640,33415887,Posted: 9 July,all,Dev77770,Fun but rather short.
,Recommended,553640,33334484,Posted: 6 July,all,yumi,"at first only got it for the 2d side scrolling combat and art, but now im a tilt machine"
76561198020361477,Recommended,553640,33364404,Posted: 7 July,all,Joyous Rebel,This is a fantastic game.
,Recommended,553640,33362277,Posted: 7 July,all,Faewolf,"This game is like if Megaman Zero and The Stanley Parable had a baby. I don't know why but for some reason it works. My only complaints are, that the dlc waves of enemies are as tough as dark souls on crack, and that the voice acting isn't the best. But the first is easily ignorable and the second can be forgiven. You really should buy this game."
,Recommended,553640,33224334,Posted: 4 July,all,Dio Brando,This was a really good game. lokking for every secret and finding everything this game has to offer was really motivating.
,Recommended,553640,33277118,Posted: 5 July,all,Blazingscout,"Fun, entertaining, and great narration. Akin to portal, about six hours to complete the main story and all the achievements, plus an arena to just kill increasingly difficult enemies."
76561198280031435,Recommended,553640,33268782,Posted: 5 July,all,541308501,良心的游戏，打击感很好，还有旁白的特殊，都挺好的
,Recommended,553640,33303658,Posted: 6 July,all,Me!,This game...  is lifeshortbut if you r emotional you  have  to ply ittry it and you will seedon't act easy tho...i'm not going to spoil itgood luck!
,Recommended,553640,33416513,Posted: 9 July,all,Kef-Meister,"ICEY is a short, sweet, satisfying beat 'em up that plays loose with its narrative angle and other themes it touches on. I've paid more for less; consider it worth it for the soundtrack alone."
,Recommended,553640,33769571,Posted: 24 July,all,janni00799,"It´s really fun, challenging has nice animations, cool gameplay and a very awesome ending. I also like all the possibilities to follow or to ignore the narrator and the conseqences your decisions cause. The game is really worth it´s price"
,Recommended,553640,33845522,Posted: 27 July,all,Definitely not Oro,"So I bought this game without really any expectations except of slying some enemys but holy cow, this game was amazing! It made so much fun to make the narrator go crazy! :D Even the answers of the narrator were funny! So thoughtful answers... I have never seen something like this in game! I needed according to steam 9.8h for this game, and man this was pretty good invested time. And I played the game to 100%! With the normal ending, the true ending and even all 34 achievements! The amazing choices you can take to play the game like you want and not like the narrator with his stupid arrows want. I want to say: THANK YOU! Even I bought it when it was in sale, the standard price is worth for this game. You can find hidden places, upgrade your skills also learn new skills to fight your enemies. It's really fun for a game that is already beaten in 10h. I wished it would last longer :D And I even played it in hard (I think xD It was my choice at the beginning after all xD).The final score:Music 3/5Animation 3/5Story 4/5Characters: 5/5Overall rating 4/5The developers made a great job!"
76561198065052460,Recommended,553640,33878948,Posted: 29 July,all,arkanoob,"If you ever enjoyed brawlers in your life, even if only years ago as a kid for about half an hour, you outta get this game.The gameplay is great, well-balanced, pacing, everything. The atmosphere is fantastic and really pushes you forward.Some say the narration is too indie, too self-aware. I enjoyed it, and it is woven into the atmosphere without feeling forced.The developer really knew what he was doing in nearly every aspect. This game is a home-made apricot cake."
76561198052580944,Recommended,553640,33936840,Posted: 31 July,all,snvsk,"Very fresh with dynamic challenge. Gameplay was rewarding and exciting. Game is just short enough to fill up an afternoon, and just long enough to be satisfying. Played the game in Chinese and the voice acting and dialogue were both amazing."
,Recommended,553640,34429642,Posted: 22 August,all,cattywompus and diagonal,"this is literally stanley parable but a beat em upi cannot overstate the similarities between this game's narrative gimmick and the stanley parableit's not that they're similar, they're almost exactly the samethat's not a bad thing by any means, but you're not really getting anything new here in regards to meta-gameplay. beyond that, the combat is really satisfying, visually impressive and can be extremely rewarding at times. a little short length-wise, but worth the buy if you're a fan of stanley and definitely worth one on sale."
76561198041995956,Recommended,553640,33952979,Posted: 1 August,all,bahamut66,"Smart, fun to play, funny to the point of laugh out loud absurdity, and really charming, provided you have the patience to put up with the meta-ness.  Icey revels in the fact that it is a game and that you are screwing with it as much as it is screwing with you.  This does, unfortunately, lead to several moments where you have to just wait for things to happen or try to mess with the game's AI, but if your patient and that's okay, then...well...the game will win you over.  It's not very long, but it's got cool lore, a charming bit of story and character, and can be pretty emotional.If you are new to games, play a few dozen, then play Icey.  If you are old to video games, play Icey now.  Whatever you do, though, play Icey."
76561197984335798,Recommended,553640,33954687,Posted: 1 August,all,Larry,"Great Visuals and Sountrack.Fast paced and fun combat.Engaging story based on exploration.Focus of the game is rather set on telling a unique story the combat is fun but not as fleshed out as in some other 2-D brawlers.The game is certainly a good by for people who are new to the genre the game is not to diffucult and features an upgrade system, which makes your character stronger the more you play. Therefore you should not get stuck on a boss for too long."
76561198107311515,Recommended,553640,34156710,Posted: 10 August,all,omed_86,"Pretty good!The narration could have been better, but overall very enjoyable, especially as you unlock and upgrade more skills you become really bada**!Level design is nice and there are a lot of alternate ways and secrets that lead you to differnet endings, which are more on the vague side, but I didn't mind.Really nice art and music too.I've played for around 5 hours, but there is more to be done, such as following the ""default"" route, one boss I haven't encountered, maxing out skills and who knows what more? Oh and speaking of more, there is also an arena kind of mode, where you can access through certain parts of some levels, which I guess are more suited for higher level players, was too hard for me at that time I tried."
76561198040902684,Recommended,553640,34239456,Posted: 14 August,all,Flayon13,"An extremely fun Side-scrolling Action Game that will definitly keep you occupied for a solid 5 hours or more, especially if you want to experience everything the game has to offer. It's worth the $11 for sure. I loved it, and if you have never played a 2d side scrolling action game, but you like games such as DMC or Bayonetta, you will probably like this as well."
,Recommended,553640,27164448,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bando,Great Game@
,Recommended,553640,34316618,Posted: 17 August,all,pyongyang times,this is a very good game and i think you should buy this very good game
76561198019328070,Recommended,553640,34916304,Posted: 13 September,all,SalivationArmy,A pretty good brawler with some fun meta-narrative tricks. Worth the full price.
,Recommended,553640,34876518,Posted: 10 September,all,CorruptedPhazon,A fun and cheap hack n slash that is both visually stunning and pleasing to the ears to listen to.Simple game mechanics with some fun combos. Totally worth the buy.
,Recommended,553640,33865400,Posted: 28 July,all,Linkblade,"Very nice Cyberpunk Anime Slide Brawler, but not only that, it has a surprising twist! Don't read further as there might be SPOILERS.I wouldn't have thought that the game concept of The Stanley Parable fits into this kind of game genre, but it does! A little too much of narrating the words ""follow the arrows"", but it's still funny. The battles can be hard when playing on harder difficulty, but it's real fun when having the reaction and combos to beat them all up. Very satisfying and rewarding!P.S.: The developer tells in a secret place that he had other versions before this final version and that a version really good looking to me with different powers depending on the actual beaten enemy was rejected because it would have taken too long to balance this feature. ""Games must get in money after all"". The next sentence is, that 10 years flew by and that he spent 10 years of his youth to give us this fun experience. Sounds a bit off for me. I doubt that he developed the game for 10 years. Do you believe him? Did he?"
76561198008879576,Recommended,553640,34909992,Posted: 12 September,all,Chaika Trabant,Yes
,Recommended,553640,34950140,Posted: 14 September,all,[Jö] Cinders-Two,"I'm just going to start out by saying that I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME!!!! It's funny, satisfying, and well worth the asking price. If I were to sum up the entire game in one word it would be this: Meta. This game is constantly making jokes at it's own expense, and never gets boring, even after playing for almost 9 hours straight. If you love stylish, brightly colored side-scrollers with humorous narration and excellent combat, buy this game. Give this man the full $11, I promise it's well worth it.That being said, can we get the ""cut content"" from the Archive Room as DLC? I know it could get expensive, but I think I speak for everyone when I say we would really enjoy it. I personally would buy it in a quarter-heartbeat, anyone else agree?"
76561198142011295,Recommended,553640,30252045,Posted: 28 February,all,Zinico,"This game is very much a mixed bag. There's much to like about it and, equally, much to dislike about it. It's tough to explain.The core of the game, it's gameplay, is very good. It's a 2D combo beat em up type game with a great amount of emphisis placed on movement and knowing your enemy. ICEY has a fair amount of combos to work with, each one giving you a kind of edge depending on how you use em. She also has a small selection of special attacks, such as a full combo with damage immunity in exchange for a chunk of health, or a shadow attack you can use to further damage foes you've stuck sometimes. And to top it off you have finishers, where when an enemy has taken enough damage you can chunck them for some health and get some healing, or straight up finish them if they're at that point. All of these are avalable in an upgrade menu you can access at checkpoints, with the only restriction being how much ""Money"" you collect from foes and explorations.ICEY controls fluidly, never leaving you locked into something with her one and only defensive ability, dashing. You will be relient on this move, being her quickest movement option. It works in 8 directions, and is always avalibe in all of them for as long as you have a charge in her dash meter. If you manage to evade an attack at, as far as I can tell, frame perfect timing, you'll also negate that hit of the attack and be given a prompt to counter, dealing massive damage to the target.Your only other defensive... anything is your sheild, an overbarrier of health that prevents knock back and recharges when it empties or when you kill something.ICEY is a joy to control, with her nimbleness allowing for out menuvering foes and, with some skill, leading into chain kills that are aboslutly amazing to pull off. In terms of fighting a good fight, it all boils down to you skill. However...The enemy roster is another matter. With the power they've invested into ICEY at hand, there is just as much if not even more power invested into your foes. Many mid to large tier enemies have super armor that only sometimes breaks, meaning it's up to you to outmenuver them. However, alot of them are relentless and attack very quickly. It's not hard to get overwhelmed in a pack and even comboed. Of the common rabble, the worst of them have to be the leg robots and the lazer bats. The leg robots attack very quickly and have pretty large attack boxes, and have a flip kick move that is near impossible to avoid when in striking distance. The lazer bats will shoot a straight lazer across the screen at you from their position. It's instantanious and have a very long if thin attack box. These are the turds that'll get you comboed. They even have a 3 shot rapid fire move and a sweeping lazer attack. They're not hard to deal with, but they will get you at the worst of times, what's worse being that some bosses infinitly spawn them along with other mooks.There's enough veriety to keep from becoming stale, but ultimately I feel as though there is much to be desired from avarage enemies.Bosses are an entirly different matter. Most of the time they serve as a larger threat to your progress that genuinly test your skill at handling ICEY. However, there are a few hangups about a selection of them.  Ideon can very easily be stuck into infinently using his lazer attacks. Carlos has one attack that has a huge hit box, hits multiple times, and has him move across the screen very quickly. It's super had to avoid if you happen to be in striking distance. And Dahal,while being optional if you know what to dohas one attack where he dashes to you from wherever it is to you super quickly and does an instantanious spinning uppercut that breaks your sheild, multihits, and can leave you exposed to aditional hard hitting moves that come after the attack. It makes attacking after any one of its attacks a gamble, and makes the fight overall not fun. I was once insantly true comboed from full health to death when it decided to spam it over an over.I will stress this again. You will have to be on your game to win fights. Unless you pick easy mode.The art is... quite simply, amazing. While there is a slight disconnect between ICEY and her surroundings, both she and the background are simply stunning to look at. Just like her control, ICEY moves very eggerly at the press of a button, the animations being inate and clean for her and everyone else. The background is a full scale art book on it's own, with such precise detail that, while stadic, are alive. This game is simply beautiful.I wish I could say the same for it's storytelling. This game isa game that pokes fun at games, where disobedience is rewarded with alternate endings, secrets, and a lot of scoldings from the narrator.The whole game is narrated by a voice that prompts you to do things to progress the story and explains what's going on. However,they way he narrates the main game leave a tonne to be desired, as almost half of his main game lines boil down to ""Follow the arrow"" instead of trying to tell the story of your progresion, while the other half are variations of ""Kill the evil judas"". I don't feel confedent in following this voice because it's very clear that to get the full experience of the game, you're suppose to ignore what he says. It's almost blaitent.It doesn't help that the english voice was acted poorly. Every single line feels like a first read without much modivation, and the writing is bland. There are many instances that probably make more sense in the games native Chinese, but when translated over to english are simply tactless and dull. And the english actor needed much better direction. He comes off more as an older guy trying to seriously be a nagging teen who tells you how to play the game the whole time, and he lacked emotion at what should have been emotional moments.The underlying story collected from text is very take it or leave it. It can add charactier or just be some edgy teen writting pulled fromLovecraft's book seriesThe game is chocked full of little secrets that can be fun to find.Ultimatly, I think this game is a great 12 dollar title that has a lot to offer that, despite best efforts, could have benifited from better writting and voice acting. It's all very worth it to complete the game  [spoilers] and finally see ICEY grow into her own right at the end.[/spoiler] It was a very emotional moment for me. I recomend this game, but only if you're willing to invest the time into it.TLDR: Super fun, needed better writing and acting.Update: The fact they added beta to the title after the matter is both a hopeful sentiment but also a bit discouraging in terms of transpairity."
76561198069844628,Recommended,553640,35257119,Posted: 28 September,all,ZXRN9000,"Other than the funny quips of the narrator when you disobey every word he says, ICEY is a great game to play. It's like Metal Gear Rising action on a 2D - sidescroller.Art is great, fluid slashing movements, engaging story, exciting boss battles and it's really, really cheap with free DLC's.If you're looking for a good action game that's cheap, ICEY's guarantee's that you'll really get your money's worth.(creator even begs you to give him positive reviews on a warehouse)"
76561198338045867,Recommended,553640,33574534,Posted: 15 July,all,Nerdwiz,"89/100Multiple endings for replayibility, and a funny witty double story about the game's own developement?It essentially breaks what we thought we knew about a game with a narrative. from getting achievements by waiting in an empty room because the Narrator finds out you're an achievement hunter, to getting the narrator killed, to actually breaking the background music player.It beautifully makes what seems like a regular action game into the tragic story of it's developement by breaking the fourth wall with the narrator talking to you. It's use of Narrative is both funny and immensly entertaining.I recommend starting on Hard difficulty, the game's enemies are a bit lackluster otherwise. It has a good fighting system and nicely dynamic bosses with no single spam button to succeedController strongly recommended."
76561198269251157,Recommended,553640,33043728,Posted: 30 June,all,GALIGAY@6960,很好的国产游戏！！！推荐推荐
,Recommended,553640,35483682,Posted: 4 October,all,Sharkmare Moon,The Yellow king is always watching.
76561198072155841,Recommended,553640,35489687,Posted: 5 October,all,zeranixaimar,"Pros:Decent graphicsGood control and response (at least for an indie game)Excellent voice acting for both languagesand most importantly, interesting references and ""metagame"" contentNeutral:Average sound effects and musicCons:Short and plain in-game storyIn summary, ICEY is an indie action game full of surprises and excitement. It combines the design style of The Stanley Parable with a satisfactory beat-them-up action game, which is really creative.Highly recommended."
76561198312591758,Recommended,553640,35440622,Posted: 3 October,all,Masahiro.samuru,"nice atmosphere and great style. drawbacks would be how poorly fleshed out the actual story of the game is. Nothing is really explained, but for the kind of game it is, the story isn't the most important thing in the world. The combat is pretty good, however it takes some practice and getting used to. Still, for ten bucks this is well worth the price and overall a great game."
