user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,554220,31854773,Posted: 20 May,all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Oafmatch is a bejeweled-RPG hybrid, heavy on the RPG elements. Match 3 jewels of the same color to deal damage to enemies based off your character's stats, and use spells and abilities to deal extra damage, buff/debuff, heal, alter the board, etc. If you've played Puzzle Quest or any of its innumerable clones you know what to expect here.The graphics and sounds are amateur but not offensive. The music sounds like it might be from some sort of license-free music library and doesn't fit the game at all. None of these things are that important in a game like this, but it gives the game an unpolished feel. For $5, though, it's about what you'd expect.The main problem I have with Oafmatch is in the gameplay. Stats, levels and equipment (of both your party and the enemy) have a disproportionately large influence on the outcome of a match. No amount of smart or lucky play will allow you to beat an enemy team that has spells that deal 150% of your party's HP in one hit. You simply need to grind up or lower the difficulty until your numbers are large enough that you can steamroll the encounter.I read that this game has a 30-hour long campaign, but it's hard to imagine sticking with something this simple and grindy for longer than a few hours. The writing is not going to keep you clicking, either. Every character has one trope to their name (dumb strong guy, cowardly guy, thief who likes to loot, etc, etc, etc) and they all have the same dry/sarcastic sense of humor. It reminds me a lot of early 2000's webcomics.Anyway. I'd like this a lot more if the numbers were all flattened a great deal, and increasing the difficulty required smarter play, or put a time limit on your moves, or asked anything of you but more of your IRL time grinding. As of now (May 19th 2017) this game is largely forgettable. Good luck to the dev in future games or perhaps in modifying this one to be a bit more interesting."
,Recommended,554220,31898924,Posted: 22 May,all,Athravan,"Don't judge me for liking Match 3. Add RPG and I'm in love.Oafwatch follows the likes of Puzzle Quest by merging the concept of Match 3 with RPG statistics. At the core, it is essentially match your coloured gems, make big combos and get a shiny gold star for completing the objective. Each gem stacks against weapons - special attacks - that you have to use strategically to win. The enemy is constantly placing their own special moves on the board, which pressures you into making intelligent choices rather than just going for damage.It's a very slow-paced Match 3, with emphasis on strategy and thought with every move.This makes it a very different style of gameplay to the last Match 3 / RPG hybrids I reviewed, such as '1000000' and 'You Must Build a Boat' which were very much speedrunners. In Oafmatch, you can take as long as you want to find the perfect move.There are a lot of unlockable party members, and party management involves levelling, equipment and potions. These can be switched around for each fight if necessary, and you will definitely need to put somne thought into that at the higher difficulty levels. One of the downsides is the game can be quite grindy with the usual dollop of RNG luck in there; if you can't complete a level and aren't getting lucky with your gem combos, you will need to grind earlier stages to upgrade your stats to continue.There are two (and a half) modes; campaign and roguelike. Campaign follows a simple quest where you roam around the map defeating things with violence and unlocking new stages, members and items. Each stage can be completed on three difficulty levels; with a blue star for completion and the shiny covetted gold star for perfect (no party member dies). Getting three gold stars on some of the maps is pretty challenging, and I had to grind, switch up and go back at a few stages. There is also a campaign + where you have your progression unlocked from the beginning, but the fights are harder again.Roguelike is exactly as it sounds; extremely hard and sometimes unfair, but a real challenge with unlockables that carry over and this adds some real replayability to the game. Replaying the campaign after getting your gold shinies would be boring - but roguelike adds an extra layer of RNG and challenge that means this game contains a lot of playable hours for the price.Overall Oafwatch has an absolute ton of content, although with the limited scope of Match 3 games it can get repetitive and grindy. This has been alleviated somewhat with an extensive array of choices, characters and items - but ultimately with this sort of game, you're not seeing a massive amount of variation so can feel grindy. It is still a casual game - you can add all the depth in the world to a Match 3 game and ultimately it's still a simple game at the core, and will only appeal to those who find this genre enjoyable.An absolute thumbs up from me for anyone who likes the Match 3 genre, especially those who previously enjoyed Puzzle Quest or similar strategy based Match 3 games.P.S. The name is pretty dumb though!"
,Recommended,554220,31848534,Posted: 19 May,all,Elvoc,"Finally a match 3 that does it right, I am really enjoying the adventure style game play that has a little story to it to move you along in the regions, also there is an arena mode that can be found in each region that drops great loot for your characters, Lots of characters to unlock and many different pieces of equipment that makes strategy a big part of the game. The RPG elements are sort of fun even though the skills each character you use are based on the equipment you put in their color slot, the different color slots are the only real difference in the characters. So far the game is lots of fun and I must say it’s the best $5 I spent all week. I can see myself playing this for many hours..If you love Match 3 with a touch of story and strategy elements than I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,554220,32456220,Posted: 15 June,all,VandeGarde,"Match 3 (4 or 5 if you're lucky) game with a twist. While doing this you can upgrade your 4 characters with special talents to beat the many challences you'll face. It's casual and highly entertaining. When challences become to difficult you can go back to beat previous challences and earn cash to upgrade your characters and make them stronger.You'll earn different equipment and other characters to even the odds or play a different style. While playing you'll gain understanding how the game works and how to beat it. It's pretty smart.  There's a part luck and a part strategy, a combination wich I realy like.I'm doing 5 challences a day during lunch and this keeps it fresh and fun.Reccomended for casual puzzlers."
76561198000942568,Recommended,554220,31860951,Posted: 20 May,all,Noetherian,"Great implementation of a puzzle-based RPG. As someone who likes puzzle-based RPGs, this is the game that I didn't realize I was waiting for.Personally, I find the plot and characters amusing, but the real selling point is the strong mechanics and the sheer amount of content in a $5 game. (I would happily have bought the game at twice the price!) I have played a lot of Puzzlequest and Gems of War in the past -- and they are both excellent games -- but I like the gameplay of oafmatch significantly better than either of those games.Oafmatch offers a wide variety of strategic decisions in selecting and equipping your party, as well a strong match-3 gameplay that rewards you for thinking ahead, but also throws in some interesting surprises. (Like when a ressurrect gem for a dead party-member appears in exactly the wrong spot on your board! <grin>) Also, I like the wide variety of effects available on equipable weapons ... many of which reward you for managing the board effectively. (E.g., the putrid ham that deals damage to an enemy each turn equal to the number of green gems on the board)Ultimately, I think that a key selling point is the rogue-lite gameplay mode. I haven't made it far in that mode (still using the campaign to explore the gameplay mechanics) but the rogue-lite repeated runs at a randomized dungeon to unlock more content in a puzzle-based RPG is an awesome idea!"
76561198003469036,Recommended,554220,31870906,Posted: 20 May,all,Dread Guacamole,"A match-3 puzzler with RPG elements, much in the vein of Puzzle Quest.In short, it's a great iteration of the formula - fun and with well-thought-out mechanics. You've got a campaign mode with a goofy story and a sprawling set of characters and locations, and you can also go into a rogue-like mode where you go through consecutive encounters that whittle you down until you die... and then you start again.It's great if you like this sort of thing. If you don't know if you like this sort of thing, well, think Bejewelled with an extra layer of RPG mechanics on top.That out of the way, let's get into more detail:You have an ever-growing cast of characters, each one with their own special ability, and a primary and a secondary stat (out of four). These primary and secondary stats determine the equipment they can, uh, equip. There's no experience, but you can spend gold to level up all of your characters at the same time.You can take four people into battle, and while in the map you can swap them in or out or change their equipment as you wish. All battles give you gold, and sometimes treasures; in the campaign you automatically heal, and there are no consequences to losing a battle; not so in the roguelike mode.The tiles on the battles represent each one of the stats (Wisdom is purple, Dexterity is Yellow, and so on) - damage done by matches is affected by the highest stat of that color from among all of your characters. So if your thief dies and no one else has a good Dexterity stat, matching yellow gems from then on is going cause very little damage. There are also ""terrain"" tiles, and when you gather ten of those a terrain effect that varies per battle comes into effect. This can be something like hitting all enemies for a sizeable amount of damage, or giving you some sort of boost.After you make a move, then it's your opponent's turn. Enemies come in two main types - the basic mobs, which don't ""act"" but gather mana each turn. Once they have enough mana, they change a tile to an ""attack"" tile of the same color; this has a counter that goes down by one every turn, and when it reaches 0 it activates and (usually) takes a chunk of health from one or more characters.Then there's more powerful enemies, marked by a red outline. They make matches of their own on their turn (never more than one move, at least to the point I played). So they gather Mana and have abilities much the same as your characters.There are a lot more wrinkles and details - for example, when one of your characters is killed, they turn into a tile on the board; include that tile in a match, and they resurrect, although at a fraction of their health.The campaign mode is pretty much what you'd expect out of a Puzzle Quest clone: a map of nodes, each one a battle or a town where you can get quests and buy stuff. Many of the nodes have little vignettes attached, and that's where the plot happens. At least it doesn't take itself seriously; it never quite made me laugh out loud, but it's charming, well-written and funny enough. As far as I got, all the battles are the same - there's no equivalent to the crafting or creature taming puzzles of Puzzle Quest.The Rogue-like mode is... not for the faint of heart. I don't expect to spend too much time with it, but it's very rich. You're presented with a choice of two battles, with the reward an enemies for each clearly visible. Characters that end the battle dead stay dead, and any health loss is not healed in between battles. Building a good party, and changing it effectively as characters die, seems to be vital.A word on randomness - it's pretty dialled down here; I never got the feeling that it cheated, the way Puzzle Quest seemed to cheat. The only exception is extra turns, I've haven't worked out how they happen yet and it can be annoying in that you can't plan around them except for very specific circumstances.Anyhow, I think I've gone on long enough. I hope this helps you get a better idea of what the game plays like. There's precious few Puzzle Quest clones around that are worthwhile, and there's a reason I keep bringing that one up, and not any of its follow-ups. Oafmach, though, is definitely a keeper."
,Recommended,554220,31885517,Posted: 21 May,all,InanZen,"Great match 3 game,if you liked PuzzleQuest, you're probably going to like this one as well.Price is great, from the looks of it there's at least 20 hours gameplay in campaign."
76561197976102752,Recommended,554220,31886608,Posted: 21 May,all,Existential Despair,"Loving the game so far. Lots of interesting abilities, characters with different passives that make for different gameplay choices, great stuff."
,Recommended,554220,31888123,Posted: 21 May,all,pango,"I bought it and immediately played it for 5 hours. It's rare for a game to capture my attention like that.It's basically a match 3 rpg like Puzzle Quest except you have multiple people in your party and the same for enemies (so, like Gems of War) and there can be more than one wave of enemies. There's a campaign mode and a ""roguelike"" endless dungeon. (More of a roguelite mode to be honest since you keep the same equipment and can select your starting heroes from a wider pool after you have unlocked more heroes).There's an optional account you can make on their website but I recommend it as it gives you chat in game and you get to see people's achievements and combos which is cool. (A bit like Tales of Maj'eyal)."
76561198084833446,Not Recommended,554220,34698024,Posted: 2 September,all,Wesoły Kupiec,"Oafmatch is a match 3 rpg, very similar to Puzzle Quest series. You fight by making matches which deal damage and grant mana, which is spent on various special abilities. In Oafmatch you have party of 4 characters, each of them has one special passive ability, one strong and one medium skill out of 6, which correspond to 6 gem colors, they also have two slots for equipment, which make for skills in this game.What is good about Oafmatch is the number of available heroes and skills, there is plenty of variety, so you can experiment with various builds.And that's mostly the end of strong points of the game.The game offers two modes:campaign and so called roguelike mode. Campaign is pretty barebone, you just move from one dot (battle) to another on the map, sometimes you have choice to select battles or to skip some of them. There is also an arena on each map, in which you fight infinite waves of enemies, which get harder over time. Compared to Puzzle Quest or Galactrix this is very basic, because in campaigns of those games not only there was much more freedom in map movement, but also there was something to do between battles, like mining resources, gathering blueprints and crafting things in Galactrix, or capturing monsters and cities in PQ. Story is very poor even for a game which doesn't takes it's story very seriously, especially the ending is very shallow.Second mode, which also has it's variation which you can play after the campaign is so called roguelike mode, which again is very basic - you are present with tow different battles with different rewards, and you just have to select one of them - and so until the end of game. It really could be at least a little more complicated.The game also has massive amount of bugs and balance/design problems, and it's obvious that it neither was tested at all, or only ""tested"" by some streamers or tubers, to which devs gave some keys hoping they will get more sales that way, tubers recorded some videos getting their attention and money from views or when they thought the game is not interesting just probably put the testing key on everybody's favourite key site to earn few bucks anyway, and so everyone is happy and no one cares for bugs, except the people who actually paid money for this. I have played this game mostly on 1.03 version (and each of three patches have large bug lists), and I still have encountered about dozen of bugs, varying from graphic and text bugs to gamebreaking stuff like for example blank tiles on board, some equipment not dropping properly, or heroes joining fully upgraded when they are not supposed to do so. This game should still be in beta or more probably in so popular those days early access.There are also heavy problems with balance near the end game. There is hard cap for level of your characters, which leaves you somewhere in late 2/3 of the game in situation in which you have tons of now useless gold and where enemies, especially in the arenas have higher level than you. It maybe wouldn't be so bad, but there are also another issues. Enemies come in two types, heroes which are identical to the ones you get and who can use same equipment as you and also can make matches, and a lesser type of enemies, let's call them minions, which can't make matches and have in most cases only one fixed ability, but to compensate that, they have passive mana gain every turn. They also gain additional benefits - even when you have about 20 levels more than them, they the same or higher HP as your characters, and actually higher stats than you, so when they sometimes manage to make matches thanks to their special gems, they are quite strong. In around the middle of game, a problem arises with the power of you matches - they seem to be getting weaker as the game progress, instead of being the same or stronger, and you need a lot of even 5-matches to kill single minion. So later you will be doing majority of damage with the skills, and like other reviewers say, equipment comes in ranks, and the jump from one rank to another in damage done is in many cases quite insane. Damage done by cheap 6 mana skill rank 5 skill compared to damage done by two matches needed to gather that mana is laughable. Other issue is that later enemies get very powerful skill gems, which not only sometimes can oneshot your heroes or have additional effects like long stun, they also have low mana requirements and low activation times. What is even worse is that in many cases there will two or three of the same monsters, so they will gain more mana of their colour, and they will sometimes placing their gems every turn, so the board will very quickly run out of gems of that colour, which will leave you defenseless unless you have some skill to destroy them. And some of those gems have additional lives, forcing you to match them twice or more to make things worse. Placing gems by AI takes much time, it is especially infuriating when they will gain enough mana to place something like half of dozen of them, it is faster to alt-tab the game, kill it process and to restart it and the fight that to wait for animation to end! There is also lack of balance in regards what characters game gives to you in campaign, it gives you many heroes with purple and white as their primary colour, but doesn't gives you second character with primary yellow until few fights near the end of the game. Some of heroes have also much better passive skills that others, which pretty much makes some of them mandatory. It is quite similar with items/active skills, so there is not that much actual variety.After initial waves of patches, devs went quiet and the game seems to be abandoned, and before that they wrote that they are unable to reproduce and patch some of mentioned bugs. Game is not recommend unless you played every Puzzle Quest clone in existence and you still want more. If you didn't already, it is better to play original Puzzle Quest or some other, better of it clones."
,Recommended,554220,32528341,Posted: 17 June,all,Jaynay 🐥,"Decent match 3 with (very) lite RPG elements.Possibly not quite as good as Puzzle Quest 2, but still a fun and relaxing game.One thing I have noticed is that the games moves fairly slowly...if you are after a quick match 3 where you can just punch out a series of moves in rapid succession then this may be frustrating. If you are just after a slower paced, relaxing time you may not be bothered by this.(Also recommended by me via theHeadache & Migraine Gaming Group)"
76561197973245321,Recommended,554220,31891273,Posted: 21 May,all,Crescendolor,Great game! The price is right and it scratches the Puzzle Quest itch I've had for many years now.
76561198033395447,Recommended,554220,31892566,Posted: 21 May,all,Clever28nj,"It's a really fun game, and a very good value.Pros: Lots of content, reasonable, and can be fun.Cons: Tends to be a little on the harder side.I'm glad I bought it, and I look forward to playing it when I'm not playing Gems of War."
,Recommended,554220,34447074,Posted: 23 August,all,Lošo,"No idea where i got this game from, but it is damn lot of fun :D i recommend for wasting time :)"
76561197961444812,Recommended,554220,34314538,Posted: 17 August,all,stan,"Do recommend this game fully, simple puzzle fun on the face of it, with interesting RPG mechanics.... have really enjoyed playing thru it, and it is definitely a game to relieve the stresses of the world. Also find it has that one more go aspect too."
,Recommended,554220,34518801,Posted: 26 August,all,BludStanes,"On the surface this may seem like just another Match3pg, and it is. What sets this apart and above the others, though, are a few things worth mentioning.The campaign is long and pretty fun. There is a great deal of humour here, and while I appreciate humour is subjective, to me, some of the dialogue was pretty hilarious.It may  seem like a simple RPG-Lite, but, if you dig a bit under the surface and unlock more options you realize there is a tonne of tactical depth here. Anywhere from your team party to their equipment and potions. You can set up a lot of builds, good for those who like to tinker around to maximize their damage output or for those who just like a lot of variety.The music is quirky and engaging enough, sometimes it sounds like something straight from a Saturday morning cartoon. Unfortunately some tunes get stuck in your head, but in an obnoxious way, like an advert jingle. The graphics are cute. Nothing amazing here but well done and fit the game. The character design is pretty good, albeit a bit generic at times. One thing I would have really liked to see is more and better special effects when you use different attacks. At most it's just a vague damage splash with -HP indicator. That hurts a bit.Where the meat of game lies is in the Rogue-Like mode. While the campaign is fun and pretty engaging, the rogue-like mode is what gives you that replayability and that ""One more game"" itch.Overall if you like Match 3 games, you'll love this as the core mechanics are simple enough to enjoy and if you like Match 3 games but love RPG games with strategic builds and/or Roguelike games, you'll love this.Overall: I went into this thinking it'd be an okay time waster but found there was much more lurking under the surface. I'd definitely recommend this. Oh, as a bonus, or maybe I should say testimonial, darkgod of Tales of Maj E'yal fame (or infamy ;) ) is one of the creators of this game along with another guy who was a player/content creator of TOME. And some other guy I don't know.PS: Don't judge my time played as I've been playing the DRM free mode and just recently rebought the Steam version.Edit: What honestly baffles me is why there is no multiplayer mode. Maybe out of budget? Either way, for the massive amount of party set ups you can have, it seems it would be tailor made for PvP. It would most likely need balancing and other things, but even a decent MP mode I think would have brought in a larger consumer base."
76561197978739657,Recommended,554220,32051647,Posted: 29 May,all,Kestryn,"Well-executed and lighthearted Fantasy RPG match-3 game, priced appropriately and without annoying monetization.  A labor of passion, clearly, and fortunately enjoyable.  Good job, indie game coder peeps."
,Recommended,554220,34559049,Posted: 28 August,all,GothOtaku,"Me at purchase time: Match-three games are so dumb. I'm only getting this because so-and-so recommended this for some dumb reason and its on sale. *grumblegrumblegrumble*...aaaand two days later it's the most played non-multiplayer game in my Steam library.This game is stupidly addictive. Yes, match-three games are still really lame, but this one is worth it for the dumb-yet-funny plot and the RPG stats that require actual strategy.Only downsides for me were that it is Windows-only (which limits me to my main gaming desktop at home instead of my portable MacBook which I use everywhere), and it was actually so addictive I literally had to force myself to stop playing for a few days so I would actually do work."
,Recommended,554220,31971433,Posted: 26 May,all,Gamesjunkie,"Slow-paced match 3 in which you need to think about your moves. Form a team of 4 heroes, each with a special passive ability plus two equipment slots and battle it out against various enemies. With both  a campaign mode and a rougelike mode there's plenty of content. Easily worth the asking price."
,Recommended,554220,32022572,Posted: 28 May,all,Flea,"The Match-3 genre is one of the most basic and straightforward ones. You have colored icons and it's your job to match three or more of them together to clear them out and gain points. Many games have taken to adding a little spice to the genre, however, bringing in other genre elements that are supported by the core gameplay of Match-3. Oafmatch follows the common trend of blending Match-3 with RPG elements, much in the way the Puzzle Quest series did. There are things that Oafmatch does better than its peers, and things it falls short on. So the question is, is the overall product worth your time and money?Read the full reviewhere!StoryOafmatch aspires to be a humorous take on the RPG genre and it's tropes. While the jokes are clear, they didn't get more than the occasional grin out of me. Humor is often subjective, so your mileage will vary with the humor of Oafmatch. You follow an oaf named Knuckles, who is on a punching quest of punching. Along the way other heroes cross paths with the oaf, and for one reason or another, find cause to follow Knuckles and help take down bandits and dragons, and help themselves to the loot.GameplayAt its core, Oafmatch plays like a standard Match-3 game. It has an 8x8 grid (64 total gems) and you swap adjacent gems to create matches of 3 or more. Matching gems gives you mana of the same color. You spend mana on the spells and abilities you equip through the various weapons and accessories you pick up along the way. Making matches, too, deals direct damage to the enemy team. Which character attacks after a specific color is matched is based on their individual stats. If this sounds familiar, it should - it's almost a beat for beat replica of the Puzzle Quest system. However, Oafmatch does a lot of things that help to expand the strategies you'll be using in each fight.For one, you do not use just one hero. Instead, you battle with 4 heroes, from a selection of up to 30 different choices! That's a lot of adventurers. Each character has two slots for gear, and each slot has a color denotation, restricting what gear they can equip. With 30 characters, 60 items, and each character having a different primary and secondary color combination, there's a ton of variety in how you can build your team.This variety is amazing, though seems to come in sacrifice of variety in other areas. For one, enemy diversity. Most enemies you fight are jobber monsters and bandits. The stronger types, the ones that can actually make a match of gems like you can, use the same exact character models as the heroes. You don't notice it at first, but as soon as you accumulate more heroes, you realize that you've just been fighting dopplegangers. With such diverse and interesting character designs, to see them re-used so blatantly is incredibly disappointing.One aspect I didn't like was the social media component. Perhaps I'm just too paranoid, but it rubbed me the wrong way. It's nothing major, at least. The game tells you that there's a community spell that can be used every so often in your game. This spell is determined by other players playing the game. You can only access this spell (as well as the feature of being able to talk to other players while you play) if you sign up on their website. Many players, I'm sure, will find this feature cute and fun, and they likely aren't wrong. However, when a game locks a solo-play feature behind signing up for something, downloading something, etc., I'm suspicious and won't partake.Graphics/AudioAs mentioned before, the art style of the game is incredibly charming. It blends a style of cute and cool that fits with its (attempts at) humor and sometimes dark situations (like cannibalism). Every character is unique in their appearance, even if those same designs are re-used for the enemies. The simple graphics mean the game can perform well on most set-ups, and plays without issue when minimized as you watch a stream or work on something else between turns.The sounds are servicable, but nothing enticing. No points can really be taken off for it, but no points can really be given, either. No one should have any issues with the audio of this game.ConclusionOafmatch, like its hero Knuckles the Oaf, is simple in its appearance, but there is more depth there than people would give it credit for. Though lacking in subtlety and grace, there is an experience that is expected when playing a Match-3 game, and Oafmatch succeeds in providing the player with that experience. It's diversity of equipment and heroes is surprising, and refreshing, showing that a game from a casual genre doesn't need to do just the basics to get by. However, it still finds obvious ways to cut corners, and the social element is at best misguided, and at worst exploitative. At the very least, it's suspicious. Any time a game asks you to unlock content by doing something outside of the game it should be met with scrutiny.For $6, there's a lot of hours of playtime to be had with Oafmatch. While there are other titles that mix the genres of RPG and Match-3 better, all of them have so far been more expensive and lacking in depth for some of the shared features. Oafmatch is a worthwhile experience, for the price of admission."
76561198039399209,Recommended,554220,31853495,Posted: 19 May,all,Raserei,I recommend this game if you like Match-3 games. It adds RPG elements to make things interesting. 9/10
,Not Recommended,554220,31869082,Posted: 20 May,all,wintermute6669,"like a crappier puzzle quest. played it for 15 minutes before the menus stopped working, cannot open the party management screen like the tutorial suggests, instead it just makes a rapidfire mouse clicking noise over and over and does nothing, if i cant level up my guys there is really no point in playing this. will check back in a couple months and change this review if problem is fixed."
76561198069573773,Recommended,554220,31851020,Posted: 19 May,all,birobidjan,Solid 3 match game. Good for it's price.
76561198029330084,Not Recommended,554220,31857996,Posted: 20 May,all,Evo,"Boring and unbalanced.Quote Vino [Olive Garden]The main problem I have with Oafmatch is in the gameplay. Stats, levels and equipment (of both your party and the enemy) have a disproportionately large influence on the outcome of a match. No amount of smart or lucky play will allow you to beat an enemy team that has spells that deal 150% of your party's HP in one hit. You simply need to grind up or lower the difficulty until your numbers are large enough that you can steamroll the encounter."
