user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,554510,32861986,Posted: 27 June,all,Dusty_Roads,If you play TGC 1 then this is a must buy.It's a big step up from the original and the new features are well worth the purchase.The designer has nice new features that make designing your own course a lot easier.
,Recommended,554510,32872865,Posted: 27 June,all,Doyley,"Gameplay is a huge step up from TGC1 - must buy for that alone.* Driving the ball requires concentration, not automatic on fairway anymore* balls don't stick on red/yellow slopes on greens, they now roll back (yay!)* flopping has been nerfed from TGC1 - much more realistic and has potential for a duff/skull now* chipping much improved* wind doesn't affect chips or pitches like it did in TGC1* putting is still excellent (they didn't mess with best feature of TGC1)* reverse cams available on call now* dial a distance is a thing of the past - lofting limited per club* many more improvements to listThere are a few limitations on the Career and Societies that I hope are addressed down the road but are easy to live with initially.The amount of issues they fixed in the gameplay is worth the buy alone - it's just so fun to get out and play a round on with Tour clubs and have to actually concentrate off the tee!Thx HB!  See you at the 19th hole!PS...for those of you looking for an Online Career Mode - come visit us at{LINK REMOVED}www.tgctours.com!"
,Recommended,554510,33003551,Posted: 29 June,all,TheAzureWitch,"Ok i normally dont make game reviews but this game requires onei have put in almost 15 Hours into this game and as many players of the preorder hate the difficulty settings i must make a review.Since i Play golf in real life too this will be more geared towards the developers Idea of true to life golf game.This game as well as the developers focused on more real life golf physics and game play.  I have been with them since the release of TGC1.  this game does have a a lot of improvements from TGC1 but the focus is the same real life golf takes practice and dedication so if your not wanting to do that in a game then TGC1 and TGC2 is not for you.  Golf is a game of accuracy or power cant have one with out sacraficing the other.There is a few bugs in the game still but over all it is well done for the way they planned the game to be ""as close to real Life golf as Possible"".the difficulty lvls are very different:Standard: SO EASY i barely sliced or hooked and always hit a good chip and putting was easy - Best for a beginnerPlayer:  It is like a middle ground but more power focused so accuracy is still lower but it is a challange - For a Intermediate Player or those that want a nice challangeTour: the most power out of all and accuracy is really bad here you can not play this difficulty without using a mouse and keybaord a gamepad joystick it way to sensitive to left and right for this mode. : for advanced palyers or plain just advoid all together as i could not hit streight with a X1 controller, steam controller, or PS4 controllerNow that is a breif opinion of the difficulties.Now on to the game play review and a few tips while i am at it.the game play is nice. courses react the way they do in real life.  firm fairways mean more bounce and speed and firm greens ave more bounce and are a bit faster in the putt so ease up a bit, soft reacts nice too  grabs the ball and slows it a bit so sometimes the distance is cut shorter.the Putting takes time as green speed and angles plus practice are required to putt most are having issues putting and that is true a golfer in the PGA practices putting more then any other aspect of the game due to it being the game maker or breaker.so in my opinion this game is as close as you can get to real life golf in a game unless you count VR as that is totally a different aspect on the game of golf then using keyboards anf controllers.I hope this helps.  I recommend this game to those that want a real life golf experiance over fantasy golf games"
,Recommended,554510,33231854,Posted: 4 July,all,Jakkalas,"This game is incredible. I've been looking for a good golf game on PC for ages, and finally I've found one that delivers in spades.Presentation 10/10The game is very polished throughout with an easy accessible menu system and all made to look very slick. There are fully voiced tutorials to take you through all the shot types. They even have a very comprehensive in-game help.Graphics 7/10The game is pretty, using the latest unity engine version. Dynamic volumetric clouds move in the sky, water flows and has that nice reflection you'd expect. Lighting and shadows looks really good. There are some issues with texture pop-in at certain distances, but there are settings you can tweak to increase those distances at the cost of performance (depending on how strong your GPU is).Sound 8/10The ambiant noise is great, with bird sounds and atmosphere of the different courses captured beautifully. The crowd noise isn't amazing, but it's not horrible either and doesn't bother me. The commentating is quite good, although I've seen people complain about it, I quite enjoy it. I don't often hear repeated phrases, and I found his commentating to be quite accurate regarding what's happening in the game.Gameplay 9/10First off, the new swing system is incredible. It takes time and effort to master, but is not too difficult on easier clubs. They have really hit the sweetspot when it comes to difficulty in this game. There are 3 different club sets, ranked from Easy (Standard), Medium (Player), Hard (Tour). The harder the clubset that you choose, the more distance you'll get, but the more unforgiving the game will be on bad swings, and vice versa, the easier clubs doesn't give big distance, but is very forgiving when you make mistakes. I play on tour clubs and I find that every shot I have to concentrate in order to hit a good shot. I've had it where I'm trying to hit a green near a water hazard, and I mess up because I feel the pressure, but then I've had the elation when I've handled the pressure and hit a good shot anyway. This game is so much like real golf where you have to focus and think about every shot, and I love the challenge. I started out with a 7 handicap, but have now got it down to around a 1 handicap, and it's been awesome seeing how I've improved.Features 8/10Offline Single Player: There is a career mode where you play against AI scores where you can win money and upgrade your clubhouse and/or your player clothing etc. There are lots of difficulty settings and it's fun. You can create your own events and seasons playing on any courses you want. There is no AI players playing with you, but it's not really something I care too much about.Online: There is this society feature where you basically join other people's clubs and play in their events for prize pools, and to get your name on top of leaderboards. This is good fun, and really nice to compare yourself to real people. Something I like doing is adding ghost players to my rounds with other people's previous rounds and then turning Turn Order on, which lets you watch each player taking their shots. It's like playing with real players, but without the wait, which I love. There is realtime online play with friends if that's what you prefer.Overall 8/10The game is fun and challenging, which is what a golf game should be. I'm addicted and play at least one round a day. It has got me swearing and cursing a lot, but I think that's the effect all good sports games have on me. Ignore the panzies who call this game too difficult and give it a try. I believe it's worth every penny!"
76561198047635378,Recommended,554510,32907053,Posted: 27 June,all,Ethaerium,"In an era where there arent a lot of good sports games, The Golf Club 2 puts up a solid performance.  Here are just a few pros and cons i have found so far:Pro -Great graphicsWonderful seneryModerate amount customizationVery good voice acting and voice acting varietySolid tutorialMassive amount of courses to go onAbility to create events for you and your friends(pay buy in fee and compete for the purse)Upgrade societiesJoin up to 5 societies at a timeHandicap modifier to help competeCon -Mouse swinging is a little clunky #sadface #HCP17 #youfingmousewtfAlthough there is some decent customization the quality is some what mediocoreEven on very easy i found my A.I. compitition wooping my buttlimited Character upgrade ablitySome lengthy delay when going to between game windows at timesWind going to the left 7 mph, shot it....straight and clean,  ball some how goes WIDEright....what?Decides to chip instead of putt> good chip.... ball rolling >  ball still rolling >  missies hole > ball still rolling .....  ""damn it ball STOP!!!"" > ...still rolling... ""why wont you stop ball?"" >  ""Damn it ball!....  IN THE NAME OF JESUS I COMMAND YOU TO STOP BALL!!!""  >  ball keeps rolling #facepalmtoheadAll and all i think the game is worth a buy.  lots to do, with good graphics and an annoucer that  dosent make you want to shoot yourself in the head cause you suck that bad.  in fact the announcer sounds pretty realistic, one of the best points of the game.  This game is good for both singler player play or with friends and will be well worth the money."
76561198054542359,Not Recommended,554510,33110960,Posted: 1 July,all,paulieGTR,"I cannot recommend this game.Dev's said in a live stream that there is ~30-35 courses available to play offline.You only get eighteen to play offline.Dev's outright lied here.I posted on their steam pages about this.Dev's are blatantly ignoring the post and the silence is deafening.You DO NOT get to see any stats in offline mode - there is none.You need to be connected to see your stats.Did i mention there is NO career in offine mode, again, you need to be connected to play career.Game controller axis sticks... they lag 50% of the time, leading to innacurate swings/gameplay.If you play with a Kb and mouse, dev's recommend windows mouse settings that basicly,make it easier for kb and mouse players, to play the game.What happened to a slight deadzone for game controllers.??Thus, you end up with,  ""the have's and the have nots"" making an uneven field of play.Green speed and pin placements are unrealistic in just about every course i've played.This is including the offiially made courses, which there are very few of.Most of the courses themselves seem to be made by people who've never played golf irl.It's not the modders fault here, it just the way the course editor has very few paramaters,or real world rules, for a better term.There's plenty more wrong with this game that been posted on their steam pages.Dev's response... ""erm, we're listening to your feedback and working on it"".Where have i heard that before.Some of the graphics are nice and... er, i can't really think of anything else to say there.In it's current state i Do Not recommend this game.No matter how many fixes...the green speed and friction is fundamentaly broken.I feel it would take a lot more than just plugging in some numbers, maybe a bigger code rewrite than the dev's would care to do."
,Recommended,554510,33093042,Posted: 1 July,all,Redeyedd,"I'm really enjoying version two. You get a choice of three playing difficulties and can change at anytime between rounds. Tutorials are available in game for new players and a practise range is available as well. Ball physics are outstanding.There are a lot more graphics options this time around, everything looks crisper and well designed courses really shine.The course designer has alot more options available to make your own creations unique and designers can import their legacy courses from version one if they wish.Your golfers face and kit can be customized with lots of options available as you accumulate more in game cash.All in all its a great buy for golf enthusiasts and those who love to be creative."
76561198112287764,Recommended,554510,33367391,Posted: 8 July,all,Ragleif,"As a former golfer and amateur tournament competitor (24hcp) I can honestly say that my experience of real world golf matters not a jot with regards to how much fun The Golf Club 2 is. It does genuinely scratch the itch I have had for a few years now, and I am so happy to be able to replace 'hybrid' clubs with my 1 and 2 Irons. If you have played golf 'IRL' then you will enjoy this game a lot. Here is a bit of a breakdown;+ It looks nice. It's not 'real life' nice but yeah it's nice.+ The swing mechanic is sensible and feels 'right'.+ The lay of the land matters; firm fairways lead to strange bounces, fast greens lead to frustration.+ The ability to add fade and draw to shots is really welcome, as is the real use of top and bottom spin.- The greens are very hard to read. They could augment the moving lines with subtle shadows.- The wind. A 3mph wind will act like a 30mph gust and a 17mph wind will do nothing. Extremely inconsistent.- Sand. It acts more like tar. Your character is also doomed to use partial shots when in bunkers; clearly lacking a spine.- Range estimates. You have to 'club up' several measures sometimes. Other times this will see you yelling 'fore' at the clubhouse carpark.I can only hope the developers are working to iron out any minor issues. Nailing the wind and sand physics will be a big help, as would perhaps introducing 'types' of clubs. Any decent golfer will tell you that all clubs are not created equally, and some are more demanding than others; same goes for golf balls. They are not all the same, different brands have different properties best suited to different scenarios. Make some brands up or something.Overall I fully recommend this game for anyone needing a golf fix, and for those curious about golf, who may go on to try it 'IRL'.(1 Iron is love by the way, get a 1 Iron.)"
,Recommended,554510,32896205,Posted: 27 June,all,Night Man Cometh,"For Fans of the 1st TGC, you will enjoy the 2nd TGC.If you've never played TGC and if you're wondering this vs. Rory it's almost uncomperable. Yes they're both golf games, and yes i enjoy them both, but it's like comparing arma to call of duty. They're two very different beasts indeed. While TGC is not so sim that you need to be a pro golfer in real life to understand the game, it is just sim enough to be extremly rewarding in a way that shooting -22 on tiger never will be. I've played rounds where i've been well over par that were exilarting, and that is not an exaggeration. Watch youtube gameplay or buy the original on sale. It won't be for everyone, but for a certain few like myself it's exactly the golf series i spent half a life time waiting for.Pros- The swing has that distinct TGC feel but with more polish than the first go round.-fairway roll seems improved in a way i can't put my finger on, but has seemed 100% organic in my first 5 or 6 rounds.-There's already heaps of courses-Seems alot easier to get in the ""swing of things"" -pun- ui, controls, many many things seem cleaned up.-not perfect, but heaps of graphics sliders(see cons)-sorry, that most of these are kind of the same, but alot of fat has been cut everywhere.Most everything from a user standpoint seems slighty tweaked in ways we all asked for. Feels more like the game HB set out to make than ever before.cons-graphic sliders are things that WILL be course dependant and could use a little recommended help window. the tree quality and distance sliders cranked all the way up will have night and day effects depending on the direction your facing alone. on one green it was the difference of 70 fps from my 1st putt to my second. 98fps to 26fps.seriously. then on a links style course with few to no tree i was averaging about 118fps.-water textures for me appear to be fairly low res from most angles and have had an awful shimmering motion blur effect behind some greens. don't know what's causing this. or if it's course specific.-The loading is pretty awful  off the course and needs to be addressed.navigating the socities menus are a dial-up modem crawl. even opening the leadboards is a brutal trial of patience.the option to download favorite courses to my hard drive to speed that section up atleast would be a great feature, but that's only one part of the problem.-The launch has been pretty crap from a consumer prospective. noon release time, during the summer sale, with/without preload (never did find out if it had it),with regional release dates and pre-order bonuses not being given away to people who bought on the first day. This is just not how game releases work anymore. It just felt so 2012. Even gamestop and ubisoft still give you pre-order bonuses if you buy a title within 24 hours of launch. and midnight.for the love of god always midnight.- FFW button for shots. My 100% most desired feature. please ad this. it makes rounds go by so much faster.watching a ball roll down the middle of the fairway 9-12 times a round just eats into more time i could be playing and practicing.Love HB. They seem like great guys, and i know they read these, and i know they care. This game is proof they care about finding solutions. So far i'm really enjoying this game, and i hope they keep squashing bugs and making it better and better, So my cons weren't meant to bash the game. just wanted to draw attention to the few things i hope they'll tweak and learn from. Great game guys. i'm going to go put another 50 hours into it real quick."
76561198000185672,Recommended,554510,32886253,Posted: 27 June,all,mikeeTheGerman,"Awesome improvement over TGC1.  I think the days of the same guy playing every course at 30 under par are over with.  At least I hope, but if they do you can be sure they cheated!  Worth the price just to get rid of the exact same distance problem that plagued the last version.Play is much more varied, graphics are smooth (unless playing on a toaster, I guess).Well done, this one will stay on my machine for a long time!Edit:  This is about to real golf as I have gotten on a computer.  I throw my controller, huff and puff, and then come right back.  Just like real golf!"
,Recommended,554510,33028474,Posted: 30 June,all,🖕,"I am not really good at reviewing games, but I feel like this game is so awesome that I need to give it few words. And also I have no experience with new golf games like TGC 1 and Rory McIlroy PGA Tour. But I am a golfer! Let's start.Gameplay and game interface is simple and modern. Game includes fantastic multiplayer gameplay like tours and societies. Offline career is fun way to play if you have no interest competiting with other people. If you dont know anything about golf there is good tutorials. Players and clubs are customizable and it's big bonus. Graphics are great. Game looks more realistic than any other golf game. Physics and swing are great. Ball moves very realistic in rough, fairway and green. Course designer is cool feature. You can play other peoples courses. It's fun.But game includes only small problems:No real players, courses or tours.BUT problems are fixable:Renaming players and great multiplayer, other players courses and various other options. Tours are fully customizable.Overall 10/10 game! Great use for money!"
76561198147322784,Not Recommended,554510,33357594,Posted: 7 July,all,rocket40fps,"Do yourself a favor and dont buy this game. The game looks great, but the actual gameplay is so inconsistent that by the end of an 18 hole harder course, you will have no voice, from yelling at your golf ball while it is still picking up speed while rolling uphill. the same breaks react different at times even with a perfect swing. The driving in the game is atrocious......you can hit the ball the same way everytime but sometimes it will go left, other times it goes right. Leaving you with no idea how to fix what you are doing wrong??? Which are you doing it wrong or is it just the game?  Whats worse is none of this has been fixed. I play golf ALOT and the ball does not behave this way on a golf course. Ive never hit a bunker and rolled out of it....Just stay away unless you love frustration."
76561198399244468,Recommended,554510,33304268,Posted: 6 July,all,Cole Trickle,Improvement on the original. The difficulty levels with the new clubs add a lot to the experience but the game still suffers from some obvious major flaws.Poor lighting on courses with cloud coverStill the ability to dial in your distance much too easily using the loftCrazy green roll on course with medium/fast and fast greensSpin back off green on 10 yard lob wedge shots!Lack of multiplayer options - yes I know there are workarounds for some of this but seriously in this day and age the multiplayer experience is completely lackingThere are a lot of good things though such asCharacter creationLots of clothing options with in game curencyNew animations are much better if still not greatLots of things to play in with career and societies although these seem a bit shallowPretty solid gameplayBottom line is it's a good game. It's still no sim but if you like golf games I would recommend this for sure.
,Recommended,554510,33368419,Posted: 8 July,all,paul parker,23 hours played heres another TGC review this time TGC 2I went into this game with my eyes wide open after spending well over 1000 hours in TGC and was not dissapointed. Here are some pros and consthere are putting greensprosThe swing once you get used to it is very satifiying.The graphic at 1080p are stunning.The course creator has been improved.The putting although not perfect seems more cosistant.You can create your own tornaments with ease.This time round theres a driving range.There are putting greens.consThe one thing everyone was asking for in TGC was an online lobby system for reasons HB only knows this has not been implimented.The green grid needs a lot of work its just not accurate.The wind can be very hard to judge it very consistant.The bunkers are way to firm.Thats it folks in it's preasent state im giving it 8/10 a few fixes here and there it will get a 10.Oh just to let you no that i am a keyboard and mouse player i have heard that playing with a controller can be difficult .
76561197994596695,Recommended,554510,33436098,Posted: 10 July,all,Khral_Dementia,"I really looked forward to this game. While I believe that this game is currently one of the best golf games out there, there are definitely some things I don't like and wish would be changed or even removed.Pros- Beautiful Scenery & some of the best graphics I have seen in a Golf game- Societies are very interesting- Easy and depth way to hit the ball- Customization of Character. I felt like I was in an MMO making my guy.- Fluid creation of courses- Ease of creating courses- Smooth gameplay (aside from issues in the Cons section)Cons- REALLY not a fan of the Tempo on the swings. This is by far the MOST frustrating thing with this game. I wish it was removed entirely. There are times that I swear I use my mouse exactly the same, and I get a VERY SLOW and it is frustrating as hell. Not a fan, period. I'd much rather have an option to hit the ball for less distance, if it meant I could turn this off.- No 3 click option for swinging. I am a disabled vet & missing some pieces in my arm I use with my mouse. A 3 click swing option would be fantastic. Heck, even take off 20% of my distance and I would be totally stoked!- Chipping seems really weird. I try to do a 50 to 75% chip and it goes no more than a foot. EXTREMELY frustrating. I don't want to go 12 yards, I only need 7 or so. Nope, stuck with either 12 yards or less than a foot.- Flop shots are never the right distance and always too far.- Needs more customization in the look of clubs & balls.- Standard Society matches. I am in the Amature Society and there are guys there who totally whoop on us. Last match, there was some guy who had a -18. There is no way any of us sub-par (nice pun) players could ever be #1 in one of those.- Putting needs a little more forgiveness or grace. The vast majority of the time I have to putt short on purpose.Suggestions- Progression. One thing I miss about the Tiger Woods PGA and some other Golf games was the ability to add points to things such as Drive Distance, Drive accuracy, Putting etc... as I gained more experience or played longer these skills were a fantastic and welcome addition. The ideas for this are limitless. You stink at putting distances? Add some points in that skill to ease that and add some forgiveness. Heck you could make it take a long time to gather these points.- Sponsors. Another huge thing I miss are the sponsors from other golf games. I understand the whole Trademark thing. However, use virtual names like ""Sparrow Clubs"" or ""Foster's Slimeballs"". Sponsors give you extra cash when you use their products in a match, and thier products slowly help your gameplay. For example, a set of used golf clubs from someone on Craigslist is going to be far inferior to a TaylorMade set. You bet I could play a much much better game with those TaylorMade's! The same thing with Golf Balls. This would be a huge welcome to the game.- Building on Sponsors & Societies. If your custom Society was given Sponsors, it would make Custom Societies much more attractive. Your ""Juan Fordaroad"" Society has a Slimeball Sponsor? Everyone in that Society gets to use those balls for free.That's all I have for now. However, even through my Cons section, this game is a great game & currently, IMO, the best Golf Game on the market. 3.5 out of 5 stars. If it also had the suggestions in it, I would easily give it 4.5 to 4.75."
,Recommended,554510,32897297,Posted: 27 June,all,Reemul,"Great new version. THe gameplay is so smooth and a big improvement on the first. Spent 20 minutes on teh driving range and putting green then played a round at LittleBrook.Everything is an improvement. The presentation looks great, no character lag and teh swing mechanism is a lot better, all about tempo smooth and fluid and you hit it well. Ball physics are much improved as well.Plenty of options from a career mode to your own society and plenty of customisation options.So far highly recommended"
76561197993273895,Recommended,554510,33053571,Posted: 30 June,all,Chieftain,"As an enthusiastic golf player. I must say it this game have Incredible graphics, graphically the game is astounding. terrific environment sound... The Golf Club 2 is worthy of any golf lover's attention!"
,Recommended,554510,32891210,Posted: 27 June,all,TheDamagedOne,It looks amazing and the features and customization are robust but this game was clearly designed for controllers and not mouse. It's incredibly tough to know how hard you're hitting the ball without some sort of meter. At least with a controller you have a start and end reference point.
76561197995955877,Recommended,554510,32955308,Posted: 28 June,all,jsendicott,"I'm surprised by the reviews that say TGC2 is worse than the first one.  I've been playing TGC1 since it first came out, and am happy to say that this new version is an improvement on just about everything.  I use a Microsoft gamepad, and the swing mechanic is much smoother and more accurate (meaning it's a bit harder to master).  Putting seems about the same to me.I'm playing at 4K resolution (55"" Samsung TV) with a GTX1080 and it's buttery smooth.  TGC1 would stutter at 4K.If you're a fan of the first one, I think you owe it to yourself to get this new version!"
76561198011868995,Recommended,554510,32884750,Posted: 27 June,all,The Man With No Name,"Hooked, but kinda hard to play a game that requires internet connection an u can't connect or stay connected."
76561198004680763,Recommended,554510,33170460,Posted: 2 July,all,SAM,"You won't be disappointed if your new to The Golf Club & this 2nd release in the franchise knocks spots off the first with the all new tempo based swing method, ball physics, improved graphics & enhanced course designer. There's 2 or 3 much requested additions still missing from this version (Multiplayer lobby & alternate shot to name a couple) but the devs will I'm sure add those eventually down the line. Lastly if your looking for an online membership site to really boost the games capabilities & play simulated tours on you won't regret taking a look at either or better still both of these community sites...http://www.tgctours.com/&http://www.teetogreens.com/"
,Recommended,554510,32933510,Posted: 28 June,all,Fuzzy_Spider,"Not going to go into a big elaborate review. I've not really bothered with the level editor or many of the options. I just wanted a nice golf game to play with my girlfriend. This is enjoyable, feels fluid, and is just good fun."
,Recommended,554510,32915771,Posted: 27 June,all,Doctor House,"The Golf Club was the best golf video game on the market with its course designer and the gamplay itself. This upgrade with the Golf CLub 2 however, puts the first iteration to shame. The revamped course designer has water features that are much easier to work with, 10x as many customization options, and the ability for crowds and tournaments. The gameplay itself is much more optimized and runs beautifully on most PC's. The new societies feature is fantastic and allows for a fun multiplayer experience and connects the entire Golf Club community for the first time ever. This is a must buy."
76561198085083306,Recommended,554510,33527123,Posted: 13 July,all,pobiakar,"If you get frustrated easily do not buy this game. It is quite addicting because I want to get better but it seems to me the swing and physics are pretty random because you will get a perfect swing across the board and voila you're ball is hooked. I recommend this game because it is very nice looking and even though I am frustrated I am still playing this a lot hopefully I will find the secret to these scores I am seeing of -16 for a tourney. If you buy it, have a stress ball on hand, you will need it."
76561197998306004,Not Recommended,554510,32943206,Posted: 28 June,all,Tourist McGee,"I loved the first one, bugs and all.  However, TGC2 was supposed to be a step forward, alas, i feel they failed.  There are certainly some things they got right, but they just aren't enough to pull an upvote from me.------Wind.Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  A double digit crosswind should blow the ball in the direction the wind is blowing.  I've had numerous occasions in BOTH game where the ball just ignores the wind, totally screwing up a shot.------Putting.I've seeng putting in TGC2 compared to putting on a hardwood floor, and that's a pretty good analogy.  Even a slight tap can send the ball carreening accross the green.------Tempo.There aren't words for how much i HATE this system.  Fast, Perfect, Slow... whatever.  Full backswing at the tee = Perfect.  Full downswing = Perfect.  Hear a ""tink"" ball goes 100 yards.  I don't understand why they changed the previous system that in my opinion worked just fine.------Elevation.Pin is double digit uphill against a double digit wind.  I club up to compensate and the ball goes exactly the range the clubs says it will go plus rolls a bit further. So my shot is now several yards behind the pin, usually somewhere in the rough on the far side of the green.I want to love this game.  Really i do.  However, there are just too many broken mechanics that should've been worked on more before release."
76561198054046884,Recommended,554510,32961420,Posted: 28 June,all,CMDR Geotwin,"This is the first golf game i have played since the early Tiger Woods games and was hoping this game was going to be as good as those, If anything it smashes that series out of the water.I have not played the original TGC so didnt know what to expect when playing this game for the first time, For myself it was a big learning curve as there are no real guides to set your power percentage or putting power and the first 4 or 5 rounds of golf i tried i was struggling to finish 10 over par. 15 hours later im managing to finish a round 5 or 6 under par and improving every game i play.I actually feel like im getting better at the game rather than buying new clubs and clothes to increase my stats, although new club heads/shafts and clothing are available to purchase with money earned from career or online they dont do anything to make you play any better.Would I recommend this game to other people?    Definately!!!!!"
,Recommended,554510,32955608,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr. Blue Sky,Great game that gives me a chance at finally playing par!
76561198329553453,Recommended,554510,33168958,Posted: 2 July,all,sid140982,The golf club 2 is a very good game and so much better than the first. The putting is the part i struggle on but it is a learning curve and it makes it more realistic instead of getting birdies on every hole. Comparing it to Rory Mcilroy where you know where the ball will land and the putting basically tells you where to hit to sink it this game is so much better in that aspect and is a challenge. I wouldnt say they career mode is great i think they could of made it better instead of just choosing what courses you want to play it should of been set seasons. Graphics are nice but be sure to see frame drops when the camera pans over the course. Overall its a good game and i would recommend it to anyone who likes golf and wants a challenge. Just dont get to stressed if it takes you a while to get used to it
76561198070622153,Recommended,554510,34720714,Posted: 3 September,all,Take The Shot,"The most realistic golf sim game on the market right now. Having said that, if you already own the first one, is it worth paying $40 for this one? Probably not. There is some improvements but not really enough to merit buying it if you already own the first. But if you dont have the first golf club, and you want a realistic golf sim I would definitely reccomend it.The only real problem with this game is arguably the swing system, as many have already pointed out. It is much more difficult to swing perfectly in this game than it was in the first game. Not only because of the addition of backswing/downswing timing, but it is also more difficult to hit the ball straight. I use an xbox 360 controller and, in my opinon, I dont have an issue with the timing, but it is a bit too difficult to hit the ball straight with the joystick. I have tried using the mouse controls and find it much easier but I prefer to sit back and relax when I play games like this. I dont want to be hunched over my computer when I'm playing a golf game like I do when I play a competitive FPS.There is different club sets in this game, which effectively function as 3 different difficulty levels. The standard club set is extremely easy to swing (similar to the first game) but with reduced carry distance on all of the clubs. You can only drive the ball 250 yards with this set, which will put you at a severe disadvantage on alot of the holes. Then there is the ""player"" set which is much more difficult to swing consistently, but with the normal carry distances that you had in the first game and in real life. And lastly, there is the ""tour"" set which is even more difficult to swing, but with increased carry distances.IMO this is a good solution to different difficulties because everyone can still play against each other on the same courses, but just with different club distances and swing difficulties. However, I personally think that the player and tour club sets are just little too difficult to use with a controller, and I think that people who do use the mouse and keyboard will have a large advantage over those who don't, which I dont think should be the case. I would like to see them make it a little bit easier to swing straight with an analog stick, but the current timing settings are fine.I did think that the first game was a bit too easy though. You will definitely have to practice a lot in the driving range before you can move to the player or tour club sets, which I think is fine, but it is just something to be aware of if you owned the first game and are expecting this one to be as easy.The society system is alright. You can only join 5 of them and it is very difficult to find one to join with the in game search options. I could see them being really fun if you already had friends who have the game to play with, but it is kind of difficult to make friends in game since you cant really talk to one another at all.The graphics are pretty much the same as the last game, which is fine since they were already pretty good. The game isn't gonna break any records graphically, but can still be quite beautiful at times.The career mode is pretty bland. You dont get to level up your character at all, you just earn money which you use to buy clothes and unlock the ability to add more events to each season. Which is really pointless.  I would prefer if they just made seasons for you instead of just letting us build our own.  The presenation is really good though, the addition of spectators and cheering really adds a realistic feel to the game. And surprisingly they added a lot of new dialogue to the already good commentary.  They also added a lot of new animations for your golfer, but the celebrations can be a bit cheesy at times when you fall to your knees after sinking a 5 ft putt for double bogie.  You do have the ability to switch out all your clubs, they added new hybrid clubs and some woods and wedges that you can use if you want. You can also change the color of your clubs and buy different types of putter heads.There are some new maps, but also a lot from the first game with some minor changes. They added some new options for scenery to make your courses look a bit better.  I wish that there were better search options for choosing a course to play. There are a lot of user created maps but 90% of them are terrible. So you just end up playing the official maps most of the time. There are good user created maps out there but they are so hard to find because of the lack of search options for courses.But you cant really blame them too much because the first golf club was an absolute mastorpeice and was already almost perfectly realistc and only sold for $20. So there wasn't really many improvements that they could make to the actual gameplay. I'm glad that they didn't make senseless changes to the gameplay just for the sake of saying they changed things. But I really did expect a lot more out of the career mode. It would be really fun to actually progress your golfer somehow.All and all, it's still a really good game, just like the first one, but don't expect too many massive improvements over the original golf club."
76561197981255414,Recommended,554510,33206513,Posted: 3 July,all,ChillBilly,"Well. I thought I cursed playing real golf. This game makes me curse so much. I had to turn the DPI way down on my mouse and even then I was still shanking the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥cunt♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my ♥♥♥♥ing shots.Now, I will say this, if you are looking for a simulation game of how bad you suck at golf, look no further. If you are looking to win some tournaments, better go back to TW.♥♥♥♥♥♥piss ♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Recommended,554510,32911055,Posted: 27 June,all,=VAC=Killers,"Overall I give it a 9/10.   (this is just my opinion)The Golf Club 2 is an incredible Golf game and improves on the original game in every single aspect imaginabl. The customization options just simply go beyond anything you would expect from a Golf game. The graphics are sharper, cleaner, higher quality and higher resolution textures in just about everything. The rocks look good, the grass you can EASILY tell are just on another level of detail compared to TGC1 and the detail on the golfers that you can customize to your hears content is just amazing! The PostFX lighting is MASSIVELY different then TGC1, and makes everything pop out and look amazing! I was shocked how badly the PostFX worked in the original game and it was nice to see just how much they've improved it this time around.It almost feels like MMO level of customizations here when it comes to customizing your golfer, from male or female, to facial and hair designs, skin colour, hats, clothes, oh, you can litterately colour EVERYTHING except the balls (but those are apparently coming in an update after launch) so I may update this review if that ever happens?  You unlock clothes by earning the in-game currency and this can be achieved by participating in rounds, playing against friends, winning tournaments, going online etc. and fortunately the game is REALLY forgiving when it comes to how much you earn per round of golf (depending on finish) and it's nice, it's not like you are going to unlock everything really fast because there is just so! much to unlock, but it's nice to know its not really grind fest like most MMO's can be. I think 700 credits for finishing a round by yourself and not in a tournament is very forgiving in my opinion and feels just about right.You constantly feel you are progressing towards something! which is something in most golf games you just never really feel you are doing! now the game has added a full career mode! not only can you enjoy a very good singleplayer experience but it also has progression to make TGC2 feel a LOT more of a complete golfing experience. There is the course creator which is just CRAZY amazing, being able to full design your own course in a completely free sandbox editor which is the very tools the devs use to create the courses iis just incredible! this adds an INFINATE replayability value that NO OTHER golf game can provide... It's the level of detail and what you can do inside the course editor will blow your mind. They've done a lot of improvements to it like adding multi-level water so creating amazing waterfalls, and a lot of other things and quality of life changes to make it easier and better to create courses. If you don't like spending all that time creating, you can create a proceedually generated course instead in seconds! and just edit that if you wish.Societies I'm still learning but the ability to upgrade your clubhouse, to actually OWN a clubhouse in the first place, level it up, buy new ones, bigger ones, and set clubhouse events is just amazing and something the multiplayer community desbrately needed to be fair. This adds a WHOLE new specticle on multiplayer in TGC2 over it's predecessor. You can customize a lot, but the one gribe I would have about it is you can't walk around inside the clubhouses, I think that would have been absolutely stunning! instead of a panable picture! so you could really REVEL in your greatness of your clubhouse and could have acted as a social lobby perhaps.The Swing Mechanic is vastly different and it DOES take time to get used to. There are 3 types of clubs (Standard / Player and Tour) which the varing difficulties which really impacts the new swing mechanic in a couple ways. I would definitely suggest just sticking with Standard until you  get used to the tempo mechanic. The main difference here is that Standard club set plays more like the original Golf Club game and is a lot more forgiving in the swing direction, the other two levels are not and you have to be VERY good to use those but its a really nice feature for those that thought TGC1 just simply wasn't challenging enough. I cannot explain properly how the new swing mechanic works, its just hard to describe but timing is everything, you just have to be patient with it.The bad.The menu system in clunky AF! and wish they had reduced the sheer amount of menus especially when trying to add friends into a round. Which leads me to the next bad point, how the heck after all the complaints you did not add a full lobby system for friends or players to join into? It was my biggest gripe from the original game that you had to go through menu after menu just to send an invite and this was only once you had started a round, and then having to wait for everyone to join the same course at the same time and be at the starting tee before we can even turn on ""Turn Order."" This should have been a lobby setting that you should enable/disable before you even start the round.Having invites that are sent to your in-game email is EXTREMELY ANNOYING and cumbersome. The third issue was the sheer lack of ball customization, considering in the E3 trailer we saw HB Games own logo on the balls, it would have been absolutely awesome to have been able to customimze our balls a bit, with logo's or just being able to colour them! I wouldn't have minded to having unlockable balls you pay with in-game currency! just to add something different to the games.There is so much to say but I just wanted to give a general run down on some of the features as this review could turn into a book more then it is already. I highly reccomend it, the sheer amount of game you get for the price is just WELL worth it in my opinion, there is just so much here if you love Golf games. This is by far the much Superior Golf Game out there right now by a looooooooooooong shot. There isn't a single golf game out there that comes close to matching what this game has to offer. Any potential golfers just would not regret your purchase!"
76561198134236476,Recommended,554510,33481025,Posted: 12 July,all,Steve2golf,"If you are looking to be instantly good, look elsewhere. This game has a learning curve, however golf was supposed to be hard, and hard this game is. Looks great, plays great, great fun."
,Recommended,554510,33706802,Posted: 21 July,all,Sim UK,"Video Review Here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eOrjs1M6nYPositives========As golfing games go, The Golf Club 2 from HB Studios + Maximum Games has to be one of the biggest and definitely one of the most customisable.Great effort has been placed on improving areas that were criticised in the original game.  Specific emphasise has been placed on a Career mode and the Societies feature (which comprises an interesting take on the traditional MP mode, more later..) Ultimately this dramatically adds some much needed meat to the game mechanics as a whole.The swing mechanics have been updated and are now super authentic and even include a practise swing.  To master the new swing really does require some finesse but also provides an incredible amount of control for the player.  By adjusting your swing action even slightly, you can make significant changes to your shot and when combined with the in-game tools you really can make the most rewarding of shots happen and feel like you actually made it happen!  Of course there is the other end of that yard stick too where you know that you alone are at fault.Negative feedback about putting from the original did not fall on deaf ears either and the putting mechanics have also received a significant layer of adjustment.  The greens break speeds might need a little tweaking or perhaps it just takes time to learn but overall the greens and putting feels smooth and natural and sinking a tricky putt is super rewarding.The game now includes and indeed begins with an in-depth interactive tutorial, something which was lacking in the original.  It is completely optional and can be quit out and then revisited at any time.  The tutorial moves along at a reasonable pace and explains the new swing mechanics system in detail; it also does a great job of introducing new players to all of the shot types and techniques.Button configurations are fully customisable with the Keyboard and mouse set as the default but controllers are also allowed and one of the first decisions is to select either the left or right thumb stick to swing with.  Customisation is definitely the key word when it comes to The Golf Club 2, with a new and complete character generator and a decent variety of clubs, clothing and accessories to buy and modify the possibilities are endless.Thankfully The Golf Club 2 is a Golf Simulator and has not taken the approach where clothing and clubs give your character extra power-up perks, instead The Golf Club 2 is a Pure and Realistic Simulator and focusses on players skill, planning and recovery as the catalyst for a good round, and it doesn’t stop there;Career mode allows you to pick or plan your seasons with great precision and once you progress enough you can start your own Society.  Societies offer very exciting possibilities; Each Society will have their own bank balance so they can choose their own clubhouse; the richer the club the grander the clubhouse can be.You can invite friends and players to join and you can create and invite your society members to your own Major Tournaments that you have designed, set the prize money for and basically managed every little aspect of the event to your own personal liking.  Crowds will turn up for the clubs majors and the bigger the club, the bigger the crowds plus the HUD will become more TV like and the commentary will also adapt to the occasion.  As your society grows, even more options are unlocked and more can be done, this is definitely going to be the meat of this club sandwich.With all of that in mind plus the plethora of courses available within the game and the ability to create and share your own courses using the new and improved course creator, your choice of courses to play will never run dry with The Golf Club 2.  There are literally hundreds of thousands of courses created for The Original Golf Club game and are not only compatible but cross-platform compatible, a tremendous feature!During a round you will be accompanied, encouraged and occasionally mocked by your caddie (John McCarthy) who is really nothing more than a commentator or perhaps your inner voice.  Although upbeat and at times entertaining, the script depth is shallow and becomes repetitive pretty quickly.  There might be an option to turn this feature off but either way you will pretty quickly begin to skip and ignore this aspect of the game.Negatives========The game has no PGA content or real-world known golfers to compete against.  It focus is purely on individual players progress and their associated societies.  With a price tag of £30 or more you will have to decide if this is a mitigating factor or not.MP in the Golf Club is also a little different from the norm, rather than the traditional lobby approach TGC2 comes with three MP varients;•	Local (which is the most like traditional MP but not online),•	Ghost…whereby you play against previous players recorded round and choose to have ghosting on or not…•	Finally rival mode where you play against another player online, you can see their scorecard but not their shots…options here include turn based and ball ghosting.Despite The Golf Club 2 updating their engine to Unity 5, and some areas of the game looking significantly better there are a number of areas where the games presentation should be improved;•	There appear to be some screen resizing issues, might be fixed in time.•	The player created characters is great but they do look a little dated.•	Certain aspects and area of the courses look spectacular where as other parts do not.  For example the sand mechanics are left a little wanting unfortunately;o	It appears that sand textures, physics and animations have simply been copied over from The Original Golf Clubo	There is some significant texture popping all over the place.o	The completely silent aircraft animations present on some courses are repetitive, flying way too close to the ground in what appears to be a holding formation and way too close to each other!  This just ends up being little more than a distraction rather than being an added realistic feature.o	Audio across the board could do with beefing up a whole hog to really add to the ambience and boost immersion.There are quite a few little bugs in the system, HB Studios appear to be aware of the majority of them and have a list so these should be getting fixed sooner rather than later.Overview========If you’re a real golfer, and you want to play a real game of golf then this is definitely the best option on the market today.The Handicaps, Society’s, Major tournaments, plus the unlimited options and course creations available to everyone makes The Golf Club 2 just about the best of the lot.Graphically much could be done, but enough is done to ensure that you and your friends can join and enjoy a few rounds of golf together then enjoy reminiscing about them in your societies clubhouse, so long as you can stomach the approach employed for Mulitplayer games.Overall, what’s not to like?  More content than any golf game in history, the best swing mechanics in history and above all the ability for you and your society to go down in history."
76561198024122795,Not Recommended,554510,33460775,Posted: 11 July,all,HOOKER,"TGC2, a game that could have been good if the putting were not impossibly unrealistic.Once again no lobby in the game. HB must really have a problem with that.In short, if you own TGC1, dont expect an improvement in TGC2.If you do not own TGC1 then buy it.The added Career mode in 2 is not worth the extra game or money.As it stands i will persevere with TGC2 but cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,554510,33065245,Posted: 30 June,all,ShiftyDevil,"It appears every mode requires you being online, even for modes like career.  Personally I absolutely hate this, but it becomes a complete deal breaker when staying connected to the server is a complete crap shoot.I requested a refund."
76561197993108723,Recommended,554510,32960534,Posted: 28 June,all,Sundance37,"Best parts of the older Tiger Woods games, without all the ""leveling up"" Not too arcady, but not too difficult either. worth the money. first days have a couple of bugs, with audio, and controller, but the game itself is exactly what I am looking for."
76561198070129474,Not Recommended,554510,33702454,Posted: 21 July,all,Drgnslyr221,"Golf Club 1.5This should have been a $20 DLC for the Golf Club because it's the same damn game with a few improvements.The bunkers look absolutely horrendous. From the side you can see the textures floating over each other and the dirt lip texture was pulled directly from Minecraft.The textures are way too perfect and resemble carpet. They also have a weird gleam to them.The career mode was done half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Only official courses work well as user courses the players score ludicrous numbers due to hndcp issues where they count rounds using red tees. You also can't see the whole leaderboard for a round until your next round.The greens seem to have too little resistance. A ball will start rolling on very little downslope and seem to defy the very laws of physics. Also in my thirty+ years playing golf I have never seen putts break off the clubface on putts over 10'. The putt will always go straight off the clubface for the first part of the putt. In this game you have to account for break right off the clubface.The ball flight. My god the ball flight is horrendous. The ball flight is way too low for the amount of spin that is apparently pout on the ball.You can also adjust the loft of a PW to hit it 200 yards. That's a joke.The course designer and the new tempo system are the lone bright spots in this game. With that being said the designer only has a few new tricks and otherwise it is the same as it was.Overall it plays a decent game of golf, but it doesn't offer enough over the golf club 1 to justify $40, especially considering the first one was only $30.HB Studios is becoming EA."
76561198003834689,Recommended,554510,33006438,Posted: 29 June,all,Bruce  Birrell,"Once again i am disappointed to see that we still cannot name, or even save a guest profile in The Golf Club. brothers and sisters in the same family cannot play each other, except as an unamed guest player, so much for reality. Surely it's not too much to ask of HB Studio's. C'mon guys, we fathers want to play our son's not guests.How about a quick update to fix this. Nice looking game though."
,Recommended,554510,33186482,Posted: 3 July,all,Komodo,This is as good as it gets.  People are having trouble with the greens but its honestly more their skill than the games fault.  Some greens are very fast and seem broken but some greens are normal and feel perfect.  Not all golfers 1 put every time most take 2-3
76561198400982423,Recommended,554510,33727801,Posted: 22 July,all,Huntnyou,"Great golf game, has everything i was looking for except for online play I was expecting more of a dialogue with other players as you played. Except all you do is play sepratley and see a score for the tournaments or match. You can add ""Ghosts"" and ""Rivals"" to play with you but no real people as far as I have noticed ( those are just bots playing as the players skill levels ). Over all I think the graphics are great and plays well. This is my review after about 5 hours of playing.. Ill give it a 4/5 due to the online interaction that is lacking from my point of view. Still a great game to relax to an play a few rounds of golf."
,Recommended,554510,33099079,Posted: 1 July,all,SmilingGoats,An excellent second edition to an already great game.  The improved graphics and ball physics make this version truly shine.  I thought the putting in the first game was perfect yet they've made it feel even better in this version.  The new additions in the course creator are already being put to good use by the community and even in these early days of the game we're seeing some spectacular new courses.  I'm very much looking forward to competing with the community at TGC Tours and enjoying this game for years as I did the first.
,Recommended,554510,33166632,Posted: 2 July,all,AppleOrchardBananaCatDance8663,"This is an overall good game with some quirks....1) This game does not offer a causual mode. Its a hardcore golf simulator with  training, but it lacks the option to play with any digital help found on other golf games, except for a putting grid. It would be great if they gave you markers for where the ball is expected to go, and a power bar of some kind. I get that this game isn't really supposed to have this type of easy mode, but it would be nice for casual players.2) Collision system is AWeFUL, go anywhere near a tree and the ball is coming straight down. They really need to improve the hitbox system.3) Graphics go from very good in some areas, to absolute garbage at others. I have a 1070 and I play on ultra at 60FPS. I expect a game to look very good. This game looks great if you squint your eyes, but the textures are absolute trash, and the sand physics are dreadful.4) The sounds are pretty boring. I find myself streaming music because the audio for this game is very low quality.Now minus all of those issues.... This game is overall very good at being a golf SIMULATOR, not a golf GAME. It's challenging, offers a lot of ability to shape different shots, and has a lot of interesting courses to playI find myself playing this game and then getting frustrated because the game plays out a lot like how I play golf in real life. To me, thats the strong point of this game, but as I said before, it would be great if there was a casual ""Rory Mciilroy Game"" type mode to make it more like a game when I want to escape on my computer.My final opinion is that if this game becomes moddable, or if the developers release some much needed patches, then this game could seriously be an outstanding simulator. If you are a golf fan this game is still worth picking up at its current version, but I would say its value is more around $15 given all of the flaws."
76561198137551500,Recommended,554510,32999778,Posted: 29 June,all,Madwife,"Best golf game ever!! A real simulation, very fun to play with friend!"
,Recommended,554510,33365777,Posted: 8 July,all,Bleveaux,I love the concept but this game is hard! The putting is very hard and most greens roll like marble floors. i enjoy the challenge but i do get very frustrated at times and just leave rounds half way through
76561197972398393,Recommended,554510,33750755,Posted: 23 July,all,Crispy_T,"The interface is GREATLY improved--much more intuitive. Controls a bit differently than the first one--had to add some fade to keep the ball going straight, but that is not a bad thing. Better swing feedback. Overall much more polished than the first."
,Recommended,554510,33330065,Posted: 6 July,all,MonsieurVoltaire,"Excellent game that requires practice and precision. I doubt I'll ever be as good as the chaps who top the tournament leaderboards but enjoy incremental improvements each round.I would appreciate a graphics boost as the shading and textures could use some work but that's a purely cosmetic request. I've read from the devs that realism has been given priority over speed, however it would be appreciated if this were suspended on the driving range as some degree of rapid fire teeing would help improve mechanic memorization. Also, allowing balls to accrue on the range (as is the case at a real range) would be nice.I think the inclusion of some sort of 'Sponsorship' feature could add greatly to the game. Earning sponsorship deals for improved performance and the like.Lastly, open multiplayer lobbies similar to Age of Empires would make the game less lonely and reduce the barrier of finding chaps to play with, whether sequentially or ghost-style.In short, great game with room for achievable improvements from the dev team.P.S. There is little more frustrating than watching your ball roll down a slope on the green at a snail's pace for 30 seconds."
,Recommended,554510,33191183,Posted: 3 July,all,Bigrigfrosty,"This game is GREAT!!!! it is geared toward real golf enthusiasts, if your looking for cheezy Tiger Woods style of play then don't buy this game, this is like a real Golf simulator, you need to master the touch and tempo of your swings and approaches, putting can be a nightmare if you don't take the time to scale and read the greens to the best of your ability.  Get this if you want the real deal, pass if your an arcade junkie."
,Recommended,554510,33599020,Posted: 16 July,all,Monkey,"If you're expecting an EA game like Tiger Woods/Rory McIlroy, you'll be disappointed. The game more like a golf simulator than a button masher. You'll be frustrated a first, but after you learn how to control your shots you won't find a better golf game out there. There are alot of complaints about using a mouse and keyboard, but it's definitely possible to play with them; I do it. If you're having trouble with your swing tempo, try lowering your DPI; supposedly the default settings were built for a user playing on 1920x1080 on 800 DPI."
76561197997856845,Recommended,554510,34387020,Posted: 20 August,all,madmacke,"All told, I love this game. It has enough variables (swing , tempo, lie, wind, etc.) to make it feel like you're really playing golf, and that's a wonderful thing. I play with a wireless mouse, and after a lot of practice I can control it with a pretty high degree of accuracy. Two problems stick out for me at the moment:1) This game crashes, repeatedly, and locks up my entire computer when it does. There's no way that a released title should be this unstable. (Fortunately, you never lose any gameplay data when it goes down.)2) Sometimes, seemingly out of nowhere, iron shots just don't carry like they should. This is not just a duffer's complaint. Literally, for a few holes I'll lose a good 10+ yards on clubs I hit all the time. Of course, golf is always a guessing game as far as distance is concerned, but over 100 hours of gameplay makes me believe that something is actually wrong with the distance mechanic.Still, I really get a kick out this game. Never played TGC 1, so I can't make any comparisons there."
76561198117662901,Not Recommended,554510,34296211,Posted: 16 August,all,stonek555,"The first Golf Club is probably the game I play the most on my PC. Not kidding, look at my gameplay times if you want. I LOVE the first Golf Club. Having said that, this sequal is extremely disappointing. While everything looks more polished and pretty, the swing mechanics are just messed up. I thought I was going crazy or that my steam link was messing things up so I switched back to the original Golf Club. I had perfect swings every time (or close to :) haha). Switched back to Golf Club 2 and my swings were everywhere. It just didnt make sense. On the rare occassion I got a proper swing I'd try to replicate it exactly and could never do it. Something is wrong with the swing mechanics. Game is unplayable until then. I'll stick to the original Golf Club until this is fixed. What a waste of $40."
,Not Recommended,554510,34148470,Posted: 10 August,all,Tytanium,"This game is virtually impossible to play with a mouse and keyboard.  Absolutely zero consistency with the backswing/temp ""gauge"", chipping and putting distance is an absolute nightmare.  Terrible controls."
76561198147068640,Not Recommended,554510,33250951,Posted: 4 July,all,DustinTheWind,"I feel like I just bought the same game I already had in the original The Golf Club.It feels no different. I am disappointed, they improved nothing from the original. I do not recommend this game. Just buy the original one for cheaper, ITS THE SAME GAME! Whats in this should have just been a patch to the original.Garbage!"
,Recommended,554510,33012411,Posted: 29 June,all,CapWow12,Atleast I don't have a consistant slice in this game compared to irl.
76561198005777386,Recommended,554510,33362471,Posted: 7 July,all,Radox,"Highlights:-   Plenty of picturesque courses ranging in difficulty-   Very well presented in general-   Match commentary is superb (has humour and is relevant to on screen events)-   Dynamic handicap system-   Can play left handed on screen and right handed on a controller-   Intuitive GUILowlights:-   Price......... get it on sale.-   No 3-click swing system..........and while I recognise this is a polarising topic, regardless of which side of the fence you sit on, from a commercial perspective this decision will reduce their potential player base - which in a game geared primarily for coop and multiplayer,  is somewhat illogical. Including a 3-click swing system even as an _option_ would have made more business sense.-   No single player tour-career mode (everything is geared to coop and multiplayer, again narrowing their target market)-   Day 1 DLC.......particularly if the title is already very pricey, i take exception to outright money grabs for something they were obviously developing prior to release, pushing it out as DLC same day/next day is just taking the p.i.s.s .Overall:-   It is probably the best golf game out there at the moment.-   If you are into golf, get it.-   At minimum, add it to your wishlist for when its on sale."
76561197970342009,Not Recommended,554510,35279109,Posted: 28 September,all,ADX321,"TGC 1 was an incredible step forward to having a good golf game back on the PC.  Unfortunately, TGC2 is not.The key to TGC1 was incredible community participation from the producer and his vision to bring a solid game packed with features.  The bad news is he left, and someone who couldn't produce a urine sample let alone a video game got put in charge and an abortion that lived is the result.I've played it a lot because of some idiotic sense of hope that it would somehow get better but it's not going to.  They focused on fluff and not gameplay and were told things were going the wrong direction and didn't care.If EA made a golf game and told the community to go F itself, it would be TGC2.Too bad to see a promising franchise destroyed like this."
76561198035463509,Recommended,554510,33135865,Posted: 2 July,all,MySweetBrick,Awesome game guys - good to see a game where I'm not shooting -20 every round.  This is what a sim should be.
76561198017392844,Recommended,554510,33250985,Posted: 4 July,all,coruler2,"Great golf Sim...with huge improvement in swing mechanics and physics.  Game will be a challenge.  Using tour clubs is the closest to real golf you get.  Plus the community will publish thousands of great courses, including all the top real life recreations."
76561198021621083,Recommended,554510,32997934,Posted: 29 June,all,Elzzzon,"If you are looking for a real golf game this is it, brilliant gameplay but lacking a few things."
76561198419620660,Recommended,554510,35032748,Posted: 17 September,all,TimberPete,Love the game.  Very addictive will the great gameplay and so many fantastic courses to play !
,Recommended,554510,32901107,Posted: 27 June,all,flyingpropeller,"Well, I've really enjoyed this game so far. I can feel major improvement they made to this title. the clubhouses, customization, dynamic crowds of spectators, the swing mechanics..But, \SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Canadian BaconSeriously? Canadian Bacon?Is it an easter egg from the dev or something.. I know some of the golf club in real life serve the canadian bacon. but maybe we need more explanation for this. am i playing canadian bacon or the golf club 2."
76561198001104283,Recommended,554510,33403834,Posted: 9 July,all,[DERP]ChevyMan,"This game is absolutely incredible. I used to love the original Title (The Golf Club) back when it came out and merely had any issues with it. Maybe the fact that you couldn't customize your Character or create waterfalls in the Course Editor. Now that you can customize your Character in a ""The Sims""-like fashion and have the ability to create waterfalls and make Courses even more realistic and detailed, this game deserves 11/10 points. I have not encountered any bugs so far, the menu and user interface is simple to use, the graphics and sounds are very impressive and the fun-factor is also up there with it! I have played it for maybe an hour and already know that this was well worth the $40 I spent on it.Very well done and a huge thumbs up to the Devs. Great work!I would recommend this game to simply everyone interested in Golf-videogames!"
76561197981391132,Recommended,554510,34881274,Posted: 11 September,all,Jimmersion,"Best golfing simulator out there at the moment.A lot of people complaing that the game is too hard, it is golf....Pros:- Putting incredibly feel based- Endless courses- Full club training- Variable difficulty- Difficult gameplay / High skill cap- Full club and shot selections- Tournaments- Course creator- Good Graphics/ PhysicsCons:- Poor Menus (hard to navigate )- Multiplayer could show actual player avatar hittingThis game will more than satisfy any people craving a golf fix."
,Not Recommended,554510,34652271,Posted: 31 August,all,specopbookie,"This game is to inconsistent. I believe they're working on both the mechanics, and some of the inconsistent ball play, but this game is touted as a realistic simulation experience. I'm a casual gamer, and I find it extremely frustrating that this game, at its current state, is based heavily on luck. Forget playing it with a mouse, which is fine. I use a controller, and any difficulty besides easy makes my swing so unreliable. My stick skills are above average, but even the slightest deviation sets your ball on its own path. Some gamers may feel this is realistic. I do not. Lastly, forget depth. There is no depth to this game. You have online societies, in which you can play tournaments and improve your clubhouse. That's it. If you're a golf enthusiast, who is also a gamer, and don't want a realistic experience, and don't require depth, or the ability to upgrade clubs, your golfer, or accessories, this game is for you. The course designer, I hear, is amazing. I truly don't hate this game. It's definitely not for me and I think the devs need another year or two to develop this game further. I was hoping for a cross between realistic golf, with good online play, and EA’s golf. I can’t knock them for creating a game that wasn’t what I wanted, but I can knock them for the mechanics, inconsistencies, and lack of creativity, depth, and realism. Believe it or not, I would have much rather supported them on kickstarter or whatever to develop a complete game, without any play whatsoever. Then there isn’t any let down."
76561197970482192,Recommended,554510,33492467,Posted: 12 July,all,dberger.online,Best golf game ever. PUTTING IS PERFECT. its all feel and skill......Love it. Like everything about the new swing system. love the skulled flop shots on bad swings. They fixed most of what was wrong like every shot hit hard and ran. Graphics are awesome. I guess the society part of the game could be explianed better. also adding ghosts manully kind of a step back. it should automatically find as many ghosts as you want from the same tee and pin. weird but not a deal breaker. Tempo system is great. i still need to figure out some things but ive already got my hcp to 4 after 3 rounds. didnt play a whole lot of the 1st one because of a new job. im hooked on this game.
,Not Recommended,554510,34559099,Posted: 28 August,all,chill,"Game mechanics don't give a feel of consistency that allows you to learn the game and improve the way you would expect with Golf game -- too much RNG I suspect.Not a fan of the controls with mouse & keyboard, I understand the need to have some kind of ""skill involved"", but other golf games have better ideas & implementation here IMHO. Would be fine with it if there was another option and/or some way of making the tempo of your swing not the primary difficulty & core mechanic of having a good shot.Worst of all, there doesn't seem to be any obvious & straightforward way to simply start a multiplayer ""lobby"" and play with a friend; I'm sure there is a way around this but it seems convoluted and silly for what is to most people the primary way they are going to want to enjoy a Golf game on steam.Edit: I'd like to add that the first impressions of the game were great, the graphics incredible, and most PC Golf type players that don't mind more of an investment in learning the game may find it to be the best out there at the moment. [But having the game developer come in and rate my review unhelpful for pointing out issues that many other people also have in their reviews is also not a good sign.]"
76561197964684395,Recommended,554510,34061908,Posted: 6 August,all,Vamp,"GREAT GOLF GAME IF YOU ARE STEADY HANDED WITH THE MOUSE AND LIKE THE NORMAL CONTROL SYSTEM OR YOU HEAVILY CUSTOMISE WITH STEAM CONTROLLERMany mixed reviews - the game does a lot right, graphics are good, course designer with 100s of courses already but many do not like the swing system and I agree, its too unpredicatable in my hands. However, I customised the game using the steam controller with the right stick up and down mapped to the analog triggers and a relaxed sensititvity - it now play much more like a classic arcade golf system - by no means auto win but much more enjoyable for me, a non-expert player - I now feel I hit or miss shots due to MY timing rather than some random bumb on my desk surface."
76561198027326357,Recommended,554510,32882635,Posted: 27 June,all,Tony Tyrant,A great way to stroll around for a lazy round of golf in the comfort of your own armchair with a beer in hand !Slight edit:  Server problems on Day 1... but alas that's to be expected in this day and age..
76561198025811692,Not Recommended,554510,34622718,Posted: 30 August,all,Rattso,"I been playing video games for 30 years and have finally found the gold medalist for most frustrating game ever. Using a mouse is a joke , using a game pad better but being off a micro fart will hurt you every time. I play games for fun. I don't expect to spent a thousand hours practicing to get that."
76561198052490199,Not Recommended,554510,35251954,Posted: 27 September,all,Buck,"I rarely write reviews, but I felt I needed to chime in here. I love PC golf games and to show my age, started with the wonderful “ Links’, thru all the Tiger Woods series, and was so excited when I discovered The Golf Club 2. Well after over 30 hours of play I am still puzzled by this game. First off, it is EXTREMELY difficult. There is no difficulty setting, so expect horrifying scores for quite some time.  The steep learning curve for chipping and especially putting will have you wanting to put your foot thru your monitor, its that frustrating. I am no better now than when I started; I just can’t get the feel of chipping and especially, the putting. Reading long puts is a joke, you often cannot see the hole, and speed and slope are all over the board. I’ve taken 6 or 7 putts as I flail to gauge a green.  This is with a mouse and keyboard, maybe a controller would be more effective. To add to the misery,  the swing meter can also be unpredictable. You can make 5 perfect swings in a row and the sixth will hook you into the water. Bad shots can come out of nowhere and you just scratch your head.  Much has been written about possible server overload and swing lag. I don’t know, but the you must be connected to the internet to open up all options; It would be nice to disable that just to see if it makes a difference. So this is a long way of saying I’m not going to give up on this sim yet, but after 30 hours of game play I would have hoped for some improvement. At times its like you are battling the game rather than the courses. And, a career mode progression like the Tiger Woods series would be welcome. On a plus side, if you can break par for a round or two (which I'm not even close to doing), there are online tourneys going on reguarly which would be fun to compete in. This game is not for sissies...."
76561197979985299,Recommended,554510,33025660,Posted: 29 June,all,Captive,An excellent game of golf with good controls and graphics the only downside for me is starting a multiplayer game against my friends as the options for this are as clear as mud but when you get it working its brilliant.
76561198045398611,Recommended,554510,32918668,Posted: 28 June,all,Peter,Great golf game. 10/10
76561198159826351,Recommended,554510,33029328,Posted: 30 June,all,Johnny Mnumonic,If you're looking for a golf game with an arcade feel (EA style) then you're gonna be disappointed because this most certainly isn't it. This is a golfing simulator that can be made as difficult or simple as you wish. As a fan of the first installment of this game as well as a beta tester of this current version I can say with positive feedback that this is truly a great golf game that stands apart from all the rest. It's even more fun with friends. This is a must have for anyone who loves golf games.
76561198085295794,Recommended,554510,33215976,Posted: 3 July,all,doc8665,game is great alot better then the first one but i enjoy both games
,Recommended,554510,34646283,Posted: 31 August,all,SnappyFerguson,"If you're looking for a golf game on Steam, then this one should definitely be the one you purchase. I never played TGC1, but this is miles better Jack Nicklaus Perfect Golf.: This isn't your Tiger Woods PGA or Roy Mcllroy; this is more of a simulation type golf game, in which it's more realistic than an arcade type golf game. There's 1000's and still counting user created golf courses, and you'll never run out of them to play.: Societies (online) is fun, and career mode necessarily feel like a career mode, but it exists and is there for you to play.: Customization is nice and there are 100s of different combinations for you to choose for your player and clubs, I just hope with future updates they add more to it.: There's no shot meter, just mouse and keyboard or control stick on your controller to judge your club shot. It takes time to perfect your swing with the right gauge and tempo, but it becomes fun.: a couple camera angles. I wish there were more because sometimes when you're back into a corner, the camera is positioned in a way where you can't see your player or the ball. I'm hoping they add a free camera later on.: great visuals (not the best) that really add to the dynamic of the game.I'd give it an 8/10 in its current state, future updates I could give it a 9/10."
76561198089978058,Recommended,554510,34256933,Posted: 15 August,all,Channinen,"-NO play to win or play to get better, everyone is and always is, equal. It's a game based on practice and skill.-TONS (100's maybe 1000s soon) of beautiful user created courses to go along with the well done official ones as well. The course design community is very active and does an amazing job on some of the tracks out there.-Super realistic, focus is everthing, just like IRL.-tgctours.comis a website seperate from the game that runs an actual tour just like real life that will take this game to a whole new level just like it did in the original Golf Club for me.-You can tune the game to be more or less sensitive, which makes it more or less difficult, but you're reawrded for it with longer drives and shorter approaches with longer irons on the higher settings.-Can play with friends easily and watch them play or simply watch their balls to make things move along faster (can be a couple hours watching turns on 4 people)-If you want an extra challenge and love a true sim game theres a true sim mode where you can zoom in, you shoot from the tee. No grid on the green, you read it by look. Nothing telling you how fast the wind is going its just a general guess. Not know your EXACT yardage on an approach. This is for you.-Last if you like course design then the Greg Norman Course designer is just for you and I can tell you it's really fun to see other people play the course you put hours of work in to, to try and make as realistic and enjoyable as you could! (Ke'ohi Island Links when you buy it ;P)"
76561197963508725,Recommended,554510,32914748,Posted: 27 June,all,Young Fledge,"Outstanding. This is what a golf videogame should be! The new swing mechanics are excellent and make the game feel about as realistic as possible using a controller. I wish I was more creative and artistically gifted so I could make my home course in the course designer... but it is truly outstanding to see what other people come up with. Excellent work guys, keep it rolling! Perhaps you could obtain NHL licensing so we could actually have a decent hockey game!"
76561198007144793,Recommended,554510,33022402,Posted: 29 June,all,Bullet Bro,The best golf game out there right now if you are looking for a realistic and fun golfing experience. The graphics are pretty good as far as golf games go and there is a large number of community made courses to be played. The multiplayer works well and is a lot of fun to play with friends. If your really into golf or just really love golfing video games then this game is definitely worth full price.
,Recommended,554510,33107506,Posted: 1 July,all,Sadisticmgt,Best realistic golf game I have ever played.
76561198054444970,Recommended,554510,33553476,Posted: 15 July,all,Anfield,Outstanding update on the original game. Looks much better. Plays tough but fair. Plenty of single player and online options. Kudos to HB Studios for a great game.
76561198069810390,Not Recommended,554510,33734613,Posted: 22 July,all,TED,"The controlls for this game are absolutely inconsistent. i thought maybe it was my mousepad, mouse, or even me... changed all of them out and still the same issues. the ball will not do the same thing with the same thing 2x in a row. not even close to doing the same thing 2x in a row. on will be completely left of center and the other will be WAY left of center. then a shot later itll be WAY right....."
76561198030884871,Not Recommended,554510,33820629,Posted: 26 July,all,Advark,"5 Words: Very, very, very, very frustrating!!! If you want to relax after a sh±$%&* day and play a round of golf... forget it (as in real life, really)! You'll end up throwing your computer out the window! Literally. I'm not kidding!Being able to swing your golf club at full swing is not that hard to master, but half swings or 3/4 swings is pretty damn hard. It seems that the length of the swing is not linear but logarithmic. Let say you usually reach 100yd at full swing and now you need to reach 50 yd. One will think a half swing will do. Wrong! Half swing will get you about 10% of the distance. This is valid for any kind of swing (normal, chip, punch, etc). It takes hours and hours and hours of practice just to get a feel of it. BTW, there is no Mulligan! I can understand that during a tournament or in career mode it would be a very welcome addition in a upcoming patch for casual games. That would definetly helps ease some frustration.There is a lot of courses to play, thanks to the Course Editor. Unfortunately, most of them having a difficulty of either Hard or Hardest with some Medium and I did not find anything below Medium. Greens can be usually reached within regulation but a lot them are freaking roller coaster, adding to the frustration. So even if you reach a Par 5 in 2 strokes, consider yourself lucky if end up with Par.There is also a carreer mode, where you create your society, select/buy your club house and create the events for the current season. Note that you cannot restart/reset a carrer. At least, I didn't find how to do it. Be careful when adding a course to your season; once it is added, you CANNOT remove it nor change it, even when the season is not started yet. ""You choose that course and that name and now you don't like it? Well, too bad!"". There is also Online Societies you can join/create, but I didn't try that feature I can't tell if it's good or not.Graphically speaking, it is descent. Nice 3D but nothing to write home about. Personally I don't care much as I prefer this kind of game to have great physics, which it does. The commentator is boring, very boring, if not anoying sometimes! Monotone, no emotion; sounds like he doesn't care if you did a great shot or a total blunder. He just wants his paycheck at the end of the day. The ball physic is really good, though. One downside during the course play is that you cannot speed up to your next stroke once you hit the ball. You got to watch to the ball all the way 'till it stops. This can be very annoying on roller coaster greens.The Course Editor is a great idea but it need some optimisation and polish. For instance, placing a tree (or any object, for that matter) takes about 1-2 seconds. If you want to build a course in a forest environment, get some coffee brewing... It's gonna be a long night. The editor's UI is a total mess in my opinion. As a former software engineer, I just can't believe this pass through the QA departement. It's usable, but not quite friendly. You select an option, the menu disappear, another sub-menu appear, and so on. Press the TAB key and main menu appear; press TAB again and you get back where you were. So it's not always easy to know where you are in the menus, i.e. from which upper-menu this sub-menu is attached to. Sometimes, you cannot pan the camera. Why? I can zoom in/out, rotate, but panning just stop working. As a side note: you cannot play your courses until you have published them. You can ""play test"" them, but not ""play"" them nor add them to your carrer's season. That's a bummer.All in all, I have mix fellings about that game. Can I recommend that game? Hard to say. If you are an hardcore golf lover and/or a gamer who loves challenges AND you can overcome a great deal of frustration, then yes. One thing is for sure: this is probable one of the best golf game (overall) released in years. But, for me, the frustration level to overcome just makes this not quite enjoyable. Maybe with a lot, lot, lot, lot more practice I will enjoy this game as it should... Time will tell."
76561198016763575,Recommended,554510,32895002,Posted: 27 June,all,CDLC,"So far, so good.  Could no longer play by Tiger Woods 2008 game with Windows 10 and got this.  Love the tutorial, control and driving range.  I also like how you can control trajectory and ball shaping.  As a Golf Pro for almost 16 years, this game is fun to play and has some realistic characteristcs.  It also runs really smooth on my laptop."
76561197982860846,Recommended,554510,33854152,Posted: 28 July,all,PTimmers,"In this 2nd version of the game you'll find a few nice improvements to gameplay slightly marred by an awkward interface. If you've played the original game, it's going to take some time to adjust. At this point, I'm 100 hours in and I'm finally feeling like I have a comfortable handle on the game.The Pro's -- Tempo is now a factor in most of your shots. You can no longer just pull the backswing to the precise point of power you're looking for. If you pull back too slowly, your shot could veer right or left, come up short or completely miss. The nice thing about this is it adds a further element of skill to the game, which in turn reduces the rediculous 18 round scores in the 50's. It really helps to balance out the competition.- ""Scocieties"" are added to the game. Think of these as guilds or clans, meaning a group of players able to get together and enjoy the game amongst themselves.- Club selection is added. You can now choose from many different types of clubs to fill your golf bag. 7 wood anyone?- Career mode is nice too. In TGC 2, you have further control in easily creating a custom season of different golf courses with customizable tee boxes, pin placement, and general difficulty.- You can choose your tee box and pin placemen! This was missing from the first version of the game and is a welcome addition in the 2nd.- More customizations of your avatar. This is a watered down version of a Sims type customization. It's there, it's nice, but to be honest, it's not that extensive. Don't expect to be able to make a player that looks like your favorite celebrity.Cons -- The surface physics just aren't realistic. The best example is a shot that rolls into a bunker and then out again. Sadly, I have never seen this in real life. This also occurs in heavy rough! Imagine hitting a bad slice into heavy rough ( 12"" of thick grass ) and seeing your ball bounce out of it into the safety of the fairway. Seriously. It's nice that I get some extra distance from a bad shot, but not very realistic.- The tempo system in your swing can be overly sensitive. If your mouse is a little dirty or your mouse pad slips, your bunker shot can go nowhere or your drives can slice hard into the next fairway. It's not a huge problem, but it's annoying when you really have the tempo down pat to see your shots do this and thus ruin a round.- Controlling power remains very difficult. A 12' chip shot should not be so hard to get the distance right but it is. You can counter this by adjusting the sensitivity of your mouse as far down as is comfortable ( I use 15 down from 40 ), Any lower and you'll need the whole desk for drives. Even with this adjusted, try pulling your mouse back to a point with 1/8th inch accuracy and still maintain the ""swing"" tempo. The skill required just doesn't match the skill for other shots.- The menu has become very awkward and far less user friendly, as well as being far less attractive than in the original game. It may take several clicks to get into a society season game. I also found myself stuck at one point trying to figure out which button to press to get back to the main menu. I wish they start from scratch and re-do it.- Jon the announcer is just plain creepy when announcing during tournaments. It really is amazing how the same voice actor can lose everything that was appealing from the first game when adding to the second. In the original game the comments were usually uplifting, positive, smooth, and sincerely friendly. For regular play, these voice bits are carried over. When announcing for a tournament, Jon takes on the soft, slightly whispering voice typical from TV, but I found it creepy if not sinister at times. His reminders that you just shot a bogey will make you cringe.- The society system is nice, but trying to find a society that fits you is impossible. You can't pick from criteria such as difficulty, or average handicap, or size, or anything really. The list of societies is always just newest first. This has to be fixed.- The official societies are limited. It would be nice if while I was a 9 handicap player I didn't have to compete with players with a 0 handicap or better. It's discouraging to be playing your best in an official event only to be told you wound up in 52nd place and win nothing. They really should add more official societies with narrower ranges of handicaps.- The winnings are paltry. Yay I won 57 dollars in a tourney! The money you can use to spend on clothing options for the most part which really isn't all that exciting either for that mattter.All and all though this is a great golf game and I applaud the designers for attempting to give your standard golf game a level of realism and skill. This tends to be lacking in many of the more commercial efforts. In spite of it's flaws, this is probably one of the best golf simulators out there."
76561198072877549,Not Recommended,554510,34615468,Posted: 30 August,all,AceMorphios,COMPLETE CRAP dont even bother 1st Golf Club was good and the only thing that has improved is the online play. everything else is complete crap
76561198356599444,Recommended,554510,33489857,Posted: 12 July,all,couturemk57,It's a step up good job!!!
76561198007325831,Recommended,554510,33194169,Posted: 3 July,all,chris,i like it
76561198068346039,Recommended,554510,33620200,Posted: 17 July,all,Fort1E,It's tight.
76561198154340999,Not Recommended,554510,34003546,Posted: 3 August,all,TheWindStalker,"What i honestly think is this game looks awesome and they did a good job for the looks that's it the game just doesn't play right too many issues, it's like having a beautiful girlfriend with no soul, and that's the honest to Gods truth."
76561198178920506,Not Recommended,554510,34044411,Posted: 5 August,all,maxie,"Too many straight edgers [mouse players] and too many zero axis controller players.Play a few ghosts and look at the shot data always straight as an arrow in the cone.And they are playing tour clubs so online competition is a waste of time.The putting is ok but on some courses you are left with a downhill putt of maybe 20ft but its 7 inches downhill hit the ball so slightly and the ball rolls 80 off the green,Club distances e.g a delofted sand wedge goes 200 yards????So the game is all about learning dialed in distances for clubs straight edge or zero axis controller and away you go."
76561198018000686,Not Recommended,554510,34955765,Posted: 14 September,all,Cromley Bloatington,"Certain things that are not appealing other than the game play.  One to be specific is the limited online play, while some of the scores there are way beyond competetive.  Amature golf leagues that have 18+ under par handicaps.  The swing mechanics are really cool though and the graphics are super.  But the reason I gave a thumbs down is the annoying announcers voice.  It also has unrealistic geometric plotting.  If the game is a traditional golf game it would have many options to choose from.  Club selection, skill level increases and putting green graphs that were more accurate.  All in all a good game for a person that likes to only play golf but for those of you that want more of a reward mechanism, I would look elsewhere.  No branding in game either.  Customizable looking clubs and shirt paints based on how much money you can make.  Overall the game is boring and not a winner for me.  But as always this is only an opinion.  There are others out there that are more than happy with this game.Pros: Graphics, sounds, some customizationCons: No actively realistic online play, Other players are posting ""Hack Like"" numbers on the golf courses.No meter option and only the slide of the mouse is available.  The devs are not considering putting it in later at all, just a mute point."
76561197981650082,Recommended,554510,32902026,Posted: 27 June,all,=TKZ=SpawnTarget,Quite good so far.
76561198154557436,Recommended,554510,32930995,Posted: 28 June,all,Drake #bitchyouguessedit,the best there is
76561198071386333,Recommended,554510,33143113,Posted: 2 July,all,KenTremendous,"Excellent game, best Golf game in decades, possibly ever.Big step up from the solid but flawed TGC1.I would suspect most of the downvoters and moaners simply do have the patience to learn the nuances of the game and how to get good, if they arent cranking out birdie fests and aces within hours of purchase they arent interested.For the golf connoisseur who understands patience is a virtue, its worth every penny.Enjoy.p.s. visitTGCTours.comfor the ultimate career experience"
76561198271359564,Recommended,554510,34005147,Posted: 3 August,all,hopskotchpizza,"After tusslin with some game controller issues and getting them worked out, I was able to have a good go ar The Golf Club2.I must tell you it is a fun and challenging game. The game mechanics are very realistic and easy to adapt to,  there are a lot of game options and course challenges to easily enhance a round.  The graphics are exceptional,at least on my PC. The courses,for the most part, have a very real word look toi them.  I think maybe some gallery anbd applause might add some more excitement. I seriously recommend The Golf Club2 to anyonne who is looking for a bit more than a glitsy arcade\golf game and can appreciate realism.  Although,it would be nice if you could have sioe ""One-on-One"" rounds fpor some heasds-up play,and possibly some deeper character customization would really make it special"
76561198032115884,Not Recommended,554510,34156773,Posted: 10 August,all,nojman47,"As much as I would like to, I can't recommend TGC2 in its current form. I was hoping for TGC1 with improvements.  Insteadit is not as good as TGC1.  All the courses look washed out and look better in TGC1. I don't like the big wide ball trail.   The sound is not as good and the shot shaper should have a fine grid like TGC1 for ball control.  Until improvements are made, I will stick to TGC1."
76561198064965996,Not Recommended,554510,35392929,Posted: 1 October,all,Bulldawg1980,"First let me say that I have spent countless hours playing this game ! The swing mechanic's are inconsistent in that not only do u have to be perfect with your controller being str8gt but ur timing has to be spot on if using the tour clubs and that timing will change as the game goes on . When using my controller , the timing on the backswing has to be held at the top for a period of time  before swinging or the swing is  very fast / fast  per the game function . The timing should be as the top of the backswing reaches the top and not held to get a perfect/perfect swing but that is not the case . With my controller I could not get a perfect/perfect swing without holding it longer . Distances on the clubs when in the rough or sand  penalize u with less power with that club but if u swing the club such as a chip , expect it to go farther than the club says if hitting with full power , because it rolls more than it should . When playing in tournements in the societies expect harsher penalties and clubs not reaching the specified distances if ur swing is lets  say slow / perfect by about 10 to 12 yards . this has just started happening . I CAN NOT recommend for someone to spend $40.00 on a game that its goal is to frustrate u more than the ENJOYMENT that u get out of it . Buy TGC1 , its much more playable than this version , especially since the same issues that were in it weren't fixed and they are still in TGC2 , such as when playing online with friends , 1 person seeing the ball go in and the other seeing it roll down the hill when he's the one that hit the shot ! Do not waste ur hard earned money on this game . The developers don't care about fixing any of these issues or what u think or say about the problems with this game . They have never responded to any compaints on any of the message boards."
76561198327190402,Not Recommended,554510,33069439,Posted: 30 June,all,CHiiEFiiN,"ProsGood game with beautiful graphics. You can start your own society online and upgrade it to hold more events, as well as join up to 5 other societies. Or just focus on your career society to hone your skills. The course editor can keep you entertained for countless hours and is fairly easy to use with only your imagination to stop youConsTour clubs are impossible with a controller.. Mouse and Keyboard is your only option.. sorry console players. Very sloppy swing mechanics/controls with hardly any feedback (which is usually questionable) makes it very difficult to be consistant and is crucial for a golf sim. It leaves you guessing most of the time with no feel for the swing. The tempo and swing path just doesnt seem to match up a lot of the time and is very unforgiving. You can change your club set to player, or beginner to hit more accurate but you wont be hitting the ball pro distances, and  defeats the purpose of a sim. Online servers need some work. You will encounter some lag.The U.I. for finding PLAYER MADE COURSES is VERY POORLY made. It only shows 8 per page with you having to flip page by page and there are supposedly 150,000+. The filtering system is awful for it.. doesnt help a bit."
,Recommended,554510,33404941,Posted: 9 July,all,PRYM8,Great game! New swing mechanics make it more of a challenge and the practice mode is a great addition. This should have been the original release of the golf club series.
76561197962434195,Recommended,554510,34802510,Posted: 7 September,all,Punkazoid,"OK, I have given TGC 2 a positive rating because the concept, graphics, sound and general gameplay are a solid foundation for a fantastic game. That said it has some flaws (as you may have read) and also some MAJOR issues with difficulty scaling.At first, I struggled with the game and I accepted it. No game should be immediately easy.  It took a good 5/6 rounds on standard clubs and very easy difficulty before I was breaking par for a single round, 2 under par being a big achievement. After setting up a career mode, 4 tournaments, 4 rounds with standard strokeplay. I found that I won 2 of these 4 events so decided to up the difficulty. Firstly from ""very easy"" to ""easy"" and secondly upping the distance and quality of my clubs from standard to player.To give you an idea, on very easy I won 2 out of 4 tournaments with only 7 hours practice beforehand. My winning scores were Even par and +4. The other two events I struggled on and used as practice.Now compare that to when I upped the difficulty to ""easy"". The winning score on the same course (with similar conditions) was 45 under par. 45 UNDER PAR FFS! Now even on extreme hard difficulty that would be ridiculous. If you turned on your TV and saw a player shooting 45 under par for a 4 round tournament you would think you had entered the twilight zone!!!!! This needs fixing, desperately as it knocks the confidence of the player. Some players will not have the extra time available that is needed to just even hit 50% Greens in regulation or even +5 over for a round.My other whinges are as follows; More information needs to be readily available as regards the lie of the golf ball. You are given a % gauge of how clean your contact will be but it's a complete guessing game half the time. Some shots require you to club up 3 clubs from the heavy rough and other times you will go sailing 50 yards over the green with the exact same conditions under ball.My minor whinges are that some greens appear to play like glass, even when they are listed as ""medium speed"" you can be sat waiting for your ball to stop moving for upwards of 15 seconds a time, which brings me onto my final gripe that your shot should be skippable by pressing enter. It would allow the player to enjoy more of the game other than feeling exrtemely frustrated at having to watch your golf ball skid around on a glass like green 80 yards from the cup.Overall, as I said I will score the game positively. Despite its flaws it does have potential, it hasn't been out too long and if some scaling of dfficulty could be better implemented then this is the best golf game on the market.I recommend a purchase ONLY if you are patient and ONLY if you really really like golf. Otherwise you'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, real fast.6/10"
,Not Recommended,554510,33397582,Posted: 9 July,all,jerryhat,"The fundamentals are broken compared to TGC1 - there's no deadzone at all so sensitive controllers are unuseable, greens are like ice and the physics appear to be comprehensively broken.The additions to the game are mainly worthless nonsense like clothing and facial/body editing. Useful additions like a multiplayer lobby are absent.I'm deeply disappointed with this release - maybe they can fix it with a patch, maybe not. As it stands I suggest you avoid it."
,Recommended,554510,33296379,Posted: 5 July,all,Royalty™,Best golf game I've ever played. Will def be putting a lot of hours into this with friends.
,Not Recommended,554510,35095717,Posted: 20 September,all,Dr. Phil Good,"This game could use some work.  If you use a controller and let it go idle, you're done, unless you restart the game.  It's such a simple bug.   Other than that it is a decent game as far as I can tell.  It's hard but that's to be expected.  How would the controller issue be missed though."
76561198407248467,Not Recommended,554510,34703645,Posted: 2 September,all,colin-128_,great game until you get to the greens which are totally unrealistic in speed settings and you spend far too much time waiting for the ball to stop
76561198085879725,Recommended,554510,33350122,Posted: 7 July,all,StuG_PGA,"The people giving this a bad review are just salty bad players. The game is fine just a very steep learning curve. Once you get muscle memory on the tempo then its fine, and as for putting its also fine people just need to stop putting the ball so hard and theyll see an improvement. The grids do need some work though, but the game is a fantastic golf sim"
76561198075979209,Not Recommended,554510,33935014,Posted: 31 July,all,skdill,"I really wanted to like this game.  I have loved playing the EA version for years and really was looking forward to a PC version I could get into... Unfortunately this isn't it.ProsGraphics are nicely done. I could play at Ultra settings with no tearing and 60fpsSound is very good and immersiveCourse designer is everything I have wantedLove being able to create courses and have others in the community play and rate themDriving/Putting/Chipping Ranges are a nice touchCons1. Putting is ridiculous- There is no consistency in a putting stroke. On the practice green, I hit the ball three separate times at exactly the same stroke 3 feet, 5 feet, and 11 feet. HUH?! Super frustrating- Whats the point of moving the putting cursor farther when power is dictated by stroke speed?- A power meter on your putting stroke would be very helpful2. Allow users to change clubs or move shot left/right while in the fairway or overhead view like EVERY OTHER golf game- Super annoying to have to view where my shot is going to go, change back to 1st person, move shot or adjust club, then go back to fairway/overhead view.  Allow the user to do it all in that view.3. UI is strange4. Society tournaments - cheaters- Was excited to play in my first society tournament.  Open it up.  Look at the leaderboard.  Leader is through 18 holes and already -19.  Either people are already finding ways to cheat or the game lacks serious realism.5. Overhead view gave weird yardages.  Im not sure i care how far the middle of the fairway is but sure do care how far that stream and bunker are.  Please give me those distances instead.6. 3 click swing would have made this game tolerable.Having never played a ""Golf Club"" version I wasn't sure what to expect but unfortunately I feel there are lots of improvements to be made.  Particularly in the swing mechanics.  And since you use these mechanics 65-70 times a round (in my case 80-90) I can not recommend this game in its current state or price. Refund was requested and granted.  Might revisit during a steam sale."
76561198133934889,Recommended,554510,33977061,Posted: 2 August,all,villaandy77,any idea when the guests can't change their clubs fix will be if there will be one ?
76561198194880562,Recommended,554510,34145857,Posted: 10 August,all,gcookscotland,"Probably the best golf game out there. Using the Xbox one controller is a challenge, if you don't move the stick straight or at the right speed then the ball would travel in a perfect way, I enjoy that challenge. Easy games give no challenge and get boring fast, very pleased with GC2, GC1 was good but too easy.  Graphics are nice, player creation and clothing has lots of choices.  Single player mode you can rename the golfers to present or past seasons although it would take a while.  There are plenty of online society's to join for human based tournaments.  I recommend this game if you are looking for a golf game for you PC."
,Recommended,554510,34314404,Posted: 17 August,all,Scottini12 [YT],THE BEST golf game on PC. A must have if you enjoyed playing tiger woods back in the day on whatever console. Only issue is judging power... but you soon get used to it.Hit me up if you want a round sometime... pardon the pun :)
,Recommended,554510,34062979,Posted: 6 August,all,Dr Spaceman,"Great golf sim with a slight learning curve. Very rewarding when you get it right though. It looks decent but nothing too flash, more for the golf fan than the gamer."
76561197965404108,Recommended,554510,34058482,Posted: 6 August,all,AzzurA,"Excellent, much improved and as annoying as playing the real thing lol."
,Not Recommended,554510,33174760,Posted: 3 July,all,RvB Caboose,"After the first being so excellent I was surprised I didn't like this one. You can adjust the swing tempo sensetivity but it's only one number for both back and downswing. WTAF??? This is the problem. The backswing is ""perfect"" when I drag the analog stick straight back, but forward is too fast. Since it has only one adjustment it throws both off. This just feels terrible to me. I can't recommend it until they change this."
,Not Recommended,554510,34721270,Posted: 3 September,all,kvoiles,IF you are going to name a course after a REAL course at least do your homework and lay the course out like the REAL COURSE!! too many courses are made with the random setup and are nothing like the real courses. also you have to hit every ball perfect jsut to get it off the tee. most golf games let you hit the ball whether you hit it perfectly or not. im going back too Tiger Woods 2008. at least those courses look like the real ones and the game lets you hit the ball.
,Not Recommended,554510,33714411,Posted: 22 July,all,|G4P| Mr.President,"I couldn't figure out how to play this game with my friend. I don't want to play against a ""ghost"" of other players online. I want to play with them while they're playing. That's the point of online gaming.The game looks nice.. but the multiplayer thing was a dealbreaker since that was the main reason I bought it.and to be clear, the store page does say it has online multiplayer.I refunded.**Edit (7.25.2017)** - Developer responded with a way to do multiplayer. Apparently you can invite friends while in a game, but there are no lobbies. My friend and I spent most of the time we had the game trying to figure this out, so it's certainly not intuitive. I'm adding this to my review to be fair to the game. It did look nice, I just never got to experience the multiplayer. They need to make it easier to understand how to do multiplayer or create a lobby system or something. If something like that gets added, or if I ever get the game again and experience the multiplayer, I'll change my review."
76561197988037057,Recommended,554510,34168326,Posted: 11 August,all,GuitarDude,This is an outstanding sim. The gameplay mechanics are spot on. There are the VERY few odd ball mechanics that happen on some greens but the swing tempo feature is deadly. It has great course design suite and a fairly robust on line component. The value here though is in the gameplay. It is touchy and difficult just like the real thing. The on line societies is a great feature addition. It looks fantastic on my modest rig. I like it so much I also bought it for PS4 which was a huge disappointment. This game depends almost entirely on swing tempo and the console version is stuttery and looks bad. This is definitely a PC title and it is a great one. Frustrating at first but very rewarding once you get the hang of it. Just like the real thing.
76561198074797943,Recommended,554510,34379124,Posted: 20 August,all,royburstiner,"Much better than Tiger Woods in that there are not shot meters. So you actually have to judge your swings and putting carefully and actually have to practice like in real golf. In TG many players were shooting in the 40s and 50s, which is not realistic golf!My only complaint is that the bunkers are unrealistic in that balls roll on them instead of just plopping in and getting stuck like real sand bunkers. Also there is no backspin control (altho maybe I'm not doing it right). Also it would be nice to to be able to take one of the courses made by people and be able to re-edit them to your liking, minor complaint.Over all this is the best golf game I've played and I did love Tiger Woods when it was around.Note to the Game designers- Please add real courses, would love to play Pebble Beach, St. Andrews, Augusta etc.Also make the ball in flight an overhead view, can't tell where the ball's landing til it starts to hit the ground."
,Recommended,554510,33986384,Posted: 2 August,all,TradeSkinsFast.com,"Too many people try to compare the game to EA titles. When really you cant, they built the game around the idea of having a community golf game. They succeded in what they were trying to accomplish. There is 0 micro transactions, and the distance you can hit the ball completely depends on what difficulty you are playing on. So the only advantage players have is experience and skill. The game looks incredible and the physics are perfect. I would 10/10 recommend this to people that are looking for a golfing simulator, its amazing!"
76561198035721952,Recommended,554510,34622573,Posted: 30 August,all,Razamanaz,"Best golf game to date. Easily beats the 3 swing format and makes you feel as if you are actually golfing. Greens seem a little fast but swing mechanic is solid as a rock. I play with mouse and keyboard and can confidently state that anyone having trouble is on the users end, not the fault of the game.Graphics: Good (but not state of the art)Controls: ExcellentGame Options: Good (still being worked on I believe)Replayability: ExcellentCourse Selection: UnrivaledFun Factor: Excellent (if you like golf)Final: 8/10  (Maybe 9/10 with some tweaks)Well worth the money for a golfing game that will give you many hours of enjoyment. (or frustration)"
,Recommended,554510,32875849,Posted: 27 June,all,SHOOTABIRDIE,10/10 would mute commentary once again.
76561197970600568,Not Recommended,554510,33127351,Posted: 2 July,all,davidbmr2,"Way too hard. Sort out the mouse controls please, it is making the game unplayable."
76561198003381569,Not Recommended,554510,33636930,Posted: 18 July,all,valefor_sdad,"Buy The Golf Club 1 (ORIGINAL) it is better in almost every way.Put this game on ""Follow"" and see if they fix (RNG swing mechanics).Again, The Golf Club (Original) is a FANTASTIC GAME. not this sequel."
,Recommended,554510,33326350,Posted: 6 July,all,✪ TheeAY,Learned how to spell practise....
76561197977137687,Not Recommended,554510,33075243,Posted: 1 July,all,Baz,"Swing method has NO finess at all, cannot read greens AT all. All I do is watch shots disappear every hole because of the aformentioned issues. Very frustrating. What a shame..."
76561198006750838,Recommended,554510,34361639,Posted: 19 August,all,LoneStar7T9,"See how people give the game a bad review, simply because they can't shoot a 58 each round, like in that godawful PGA golf?Get good, or get lost."
,Recommended,554510,32892276,Posted: 27 June,all,JoBruce,"Love it, best golf game ever.....just wish I could putt!"
,Not Recommended,554510,33421181,Posted: 9 July,all,worblegarkey,the physics of this game are so randomly generated its ridiculous....
76561198024298624,Not Recommended,554510,33057249,Posted: 30 June,all,nwitcher,The game is way too hard to get used to. If you like playing for fun stay with the old game. If you like a very hard unforgiving hard e thiis for you.   Menues are not  as easy as the last game (TGC). Stats and player comparisions are not as as good as ythe last. Graphics are not up to the hype. Player graphics are not  as good as the last game.  I was expecting much better but not a radical change like this.  If you are very good with a PC controller and love to play a very hard golf sim thin this is for you. I am going back to TGC1.
,Recommended,554510,33532083,Posted: 14 July,all,wrm,"I have 4 HCP irl. And agains this♥♥♥♥♥♥. is golf in real life pretty little funny game for kids. Buy 10 gamepads b4 starting on hardest difficulty.Well after playing a while i have to admit that this game is good in some ways. Putting is good if you ask me. But there is some real problems with seriously broken system about ""wind"" and ""%"" of distance loss. Not sure why as a playing (ingame) iam not enable to hit a hybrid from bunker more far then 90 yards ? Which is absolutely  mainstream shot for scratchgolfer. Hopefully there will be some fix for physics.Anyway ! Its good and difficult Sim golf. If you want some challange dont be afraid to buy it. If you are real life golfer you might have some problems with physics nonsense ... but still you have to own this, you know for those long winter nights / times without real golf club in your hands.Have fun"
76561198368711777,Not Recommended,554510,33198268,Posted: 3 July,all,michel.lambinet434,It is possible to master long shots. Putting is impossible. Either the speed of the ball according to slope is crazy. or course designer are creating greens  with totally unrealistic slopes and pins placement. This problem is totally ruining the game that could be really  enjoyable if this receives a correction.
76561198007309378,Not Recommended,554510,33420288,Posted: 9 July,all,Crismac,Love the visuals in this game. But the controls are the worst I have ever experienced in a sports game IMHO.I played for about 3 hrs and seemed to never get beter(if not worse). Tried with an X-box controler then a mouse hated both.When it is not fun not worth playing. It is unstalled.The commucation with the devs on maters about there forum was top notch. Just there decisions on the controls with the game is just not for me.
76561198141960442,Not Recommended,554510,32897489,Posted: 27 June,all,trout1201,Nothing like the original game.  The swing mechanics seem clunky and the result is inconsistent.  The career mode is underwhelming as you have to join a society and create your own tournaments.  The old menu screen and options were much smoother.  I will wait about 6 months before playing again in hopes they make the necessary upgrades to even compete with the first version.
76561198088570054,Not Recommended,554510,33397089,Posted: 9 July,all,Neuromancer,"Menu system is awful and far too many graphical glitches, refund pending."
76561198288917539,Not Recommended,554510,33791610,Posted: 25 July,all,hias420,hell no no 3 click swing  this sucks i dont even try anymore i want my money back
76561198030554983,Not Recommended,554510,33197602,Posted: 3 July,all,frankr409,"Pathetic, broken game."
76561198088988469,Not Recommended,554510,35068779,Posted: 19 September,all,tcooper12,Don't like this game at all....waste of time and money
,Not Recommended,554510,32918108,Posted: 28 June,all,Nikan,Clutzy mouse controls.  Ick
,Not Recommended,554510,33095743,Posted: 1 July,all,Nyteryder17,"The Golf Club 1 is better, just get that one."
76561198090932503,Not Recommended,554510,33198540,Posted: 3 July,all,Donmurpway,theres no multiplayer i got refunded. great game but no online no thx.
76561198043055999,Not Recommended,554510,33327227,Posted: 6 July,all,pcoughlan1985,Avoid. Waaay too difficult.
,Not Recommended,554510,33019417,Posted: 29 June,all,cdbob,"Garbage, $50, Can't Swing the Club. Can't join friends. What a waste of money."
76561198000249115,Recommended,554510,33203270,Posted: 3 July,all,DarkFOOT,sorry a tad of a rant that is no reflecion on the game but my skill/temper level
76561198206182841,Recommended,554510,33352599,Posted: 7 July,all,bradtownsend13,"I decided to update the review after resolving most of the issues. The game is very beautiful and I find it consuming my time. This is by far the best golf game I have ever played. The course designer is addicting and that is my favorite part of the game.Wish List:Levels to work for much like the golf game from EA (I refuse to say the name of it).Better physics, especially on approach shots and putting"
76561197970612085,Not Recommended,554510,32939105,Posted: 28 June,all,Panic,"TLDR buy The Golf Club 1. Not much of an improvement , more of a reskin, slightly tweeked for the worse.My opinion of Hb studios is a company that only the bare minimal will do, Lazy in there treatment and implimentation of basic features in TGC1 from beta. Standard features that  even the most basic of golfing fans expect, only hb have there own version of golf, and there version isnt the norm. I mention the lack of varying things from TGC1 because there important, where totally needed by the playing base of fans/customers, hb seemed to be blinkered in there rush to cash in on a game that wasnt rdy for release. Fastforward a year after beta, massive optimizations still not done, the nvidia debarkle took an age to solve, missing features like proper multiplayer, placement of the ball after a bad shot, no crowds, poor commentary froma dude in the office, The handling of customers on the forums, banning for complaining to much,   "" aggresive posting"" they called it. The editting of reviews and forums posts, the off site 3rd party organizing of features that they should be handing themselves, of tourneys and general multiplayer aspects palmed off because they didnt add such basic features that there to lazy to do.Now TGC2  a cut and paste copy of the same game, the same glaring features of poor standards, yes theres crowds now, but u wont see crowds 90% of the time because there only in certain modes, the same dam annoying commentary, lack luster and of poor quality. The same courses brought over from TGC1 might sound like a good feature, but when u consider a lot of the courses are user generated, some are very good, but awash in the sea of sheer trash of a unregulated, unchecked, unmoderated courses that any child can auto generate a course of 18 holes, but to ask it worthy of releasing to the public is another matter. Am talking stupid courses that wouldnt be allowed in any professional standard. Tilted tees, heavy rough on tees, heavy rough on a green. the placement of a hole on a green auto placed by a course generator that are unplayable. Items being placed on a fairway that block your shot, and you have to take a dropp shot and a penalty because hb studios consider the course to be playable.The water feature is a meme and badly applied, it looks like a broken mirror, it glitches, flickers, the way water has be added is a drag and drop affair, leading to the water look like a tile set and u can see the joins not matter how u place them, its a eyesore. Trees are un rotateable so all trees look in the same direction, not  really an issue until u see a generated course, now all u can see is 10000 trees of the same types all facing the same way, flickering  and glitching.The swing is now spoiled, i liked what they had in TGC1, but they decided to make it harder,, fair enough, While implementing this feature might work wonders for x box controllers , its a nightmare for mouse users, The partial swing feature simply does not apply to mouse users and is deeply irratating. The sheer guess work on the back swing while putting is something the whole forum is awash with, complaints about it, 90% wanting the old system, but hb have remained silent, untill it affects there sales---- and it has. Peeing off the old fan base is a risk and its back firing. The rolloff of greens is a problem for me, whilst putting u'll over swing no matter how well u  gauge the distance, coupled with the settings on a course( normally there like playing on glass) even the slow greens , the ball rolls and rolls and rolls. Imagine hitting a 7 rd putt, with little or no incline ,u pull the trigger and hit close to the distance needed, but watch in horror as the ball rolls, twice the distance u hit it at, your now 14 yrds away froma shot that was 7rds, this happens time and time again. Un rewarding to say the least. Am not looking for -18 like tiger woods used to do, but its deeply fustrating.Same goes with bunker shots, no matter the lie, angle or power, loft  , its deeply vague. The most vague feature is the wind. 3mph is the same as 7mph, 7mph is the same as 10 mph it switches all the time, its unreadable.The scoreboards are awash with highly dubious postings and hackers and training programs are in affect, alas hb are only beginning to get a grip with the matter, removing scores apprently.The social feature is a attempt to try to create a social community thats would be a hell of a lot better if they only added proper multplayer and a lobby, but this is HB studios ,,, so they havent. U have to added a friend outside the game in order to multiplay. To many ppl have been caught out thinking this is a full on multiplayer game thats in house when it is not.Changeable clubs have eventually come to TGC2- small yay! but considering its 2017 am not patting them on the back because i have had this feature in most golf games since the first playstaion games, way back in 97.There only saving grace is the course editor. Make your own course with a lot of love and care, and it can be truely a rewarding experience and seeing ppl playing it and rating it. But when u see it lost in a sea of trash courses you will come to realise as i have done, really your making the courses just for yourself to play.Cash grab- polished graphics that are washy looking and a strain on the eyes coupled with glitched, flickers.I stopped playing untill they resolve most of there glaring problems, but this is hb studios-- there prob working out how to cram a uneeded dlc into this formula, they have my cash now, bigger fool me i guess."
,Not Recommended,554510,33064822,Posted: 30 June,all,Indraroop,"tl;dr: Buy only if (a) you own a controller, and (b) don't plan on playing with friends (synchronous multiplayer)9/17/17: Devs largely silent with just one bug patch. They don't respond to player feedback or appear to fix issues (eg favorited courses disappear after playing them, flat lie displayed when a slope exists, most games eventually have 15+ mph winds).While it's unfortunate to have an online-only game for even single player, the game itself is very challenging and attractive.++ Fairly realistic sim++ Attractive graphics++ Very high quality courses--- ***Terrible*** implementation of synchronous multiplayer (to the point where I recommend against it): rather than watching a mirror of Player 2's screen, you see a static avatar while Player 2 looks arounds, switches clubs etc to get out of a tough lie.-- Server issues will prevent single player gameplay.-- Don't buy if you don't own a controller. Mouse controls are atrocious.-  No ability to play practice rounds (ie with undo) to experiment.-  No explanation of why tempo is off. The same swing can occasionally be slow, fast or perfect across swings. Leaves people guessing."
