user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198072025648,Recommended,554570,29478938,Posted: 25 January,all,mdek68,"Ok so I know there is problems going around with low FPS and bugs and such, but from my side im giving this a HUGE thumbs up. And im sure they will get the bugs sorted. My game is running smooth with very little freezing moments when im guessing textures are loading or catching up.Im running an I7 2700k, 16g ram with plenty HDD space, GTX 760 video card 4g memory and on 1920x1080.It looks like big map, maybe tonight ill run from side to side and see. Look its early access and there is still plenty to be sorted out but this game has potential.As for the game, the colours when the sun sets is just beautiful, the sun blinding your eyes as it hits the running water is so cool, the huge and thick trees gives the feeling of you belong and yet so small in comparison.If you dont mind bugs and some problems in the beginning, but something new in the RPG line, support the devs."
,Recommended,554570,32259742,Posted: 7 June,all,deusexcaffeina,"The game can get a bit hairy, and the devs still have some knots to brush out. But bear with it: there has been a steady improvement with each update.  There's plenty to chew on even in EA, plenty lore and worldbuilding with more on the way. For folks - like me - who want a world they can devour, this game has lots you can really sink your teeth into.I've genuinely enjoyed seeing features added and bugs fixed with each release; I recognise I'm in the minority, but it's really amazing for me - as a non game dev - to literally see a world come to life month by month. It brings a whole new meaning to worldbuilding.Plus: you get to play as a BEAR."
,Recommended,554570,29516554,Posted: 26 January,all,{PV}Lexthatguy,"Have you ever wanted to play an adventure rpg where you're a bear? An rpg containign rich environments, fun well written characters and an interesting main story? If so, come back in a year.Do you in the meantime want to support a team of hardworking devs? Help this Beta release become a great game? If so, Go ahead and give this title a chance.In my opinion this Beta is exactly that, a Beta. It's poorly optimized, glitchy, clunky, runs like turtle with a limp, needs a major UI rework and needs to be expanded. But at it's core, its a beautifull game with many original aspects and many familliar ones. I'd even go as far as to say that it's even... when it works properly... a lot of fun to play!+ Fun sidequest(s)+ great looking character creation (lots of potential)+ Nice environments+ Awesome bartering in tutorial quest.- Clunky combat- controls vary in quality- for some ungodly reason walking is the default speed, caps-lock enables jogging and pressing shift while caps-lock is on enables running.Msi 4G GTX 970Intel I5-4960K 3.50GHz8Gb RamGame runs at more than tolerable framerate, fps drops for short intervals which usually can be fixed by just standing still a couple of seconds. Otherwise it runs fine."
,Not Recommended,554570,29510703,Posted: 26 January,all,LittlePhantomG,"You know, I wish there was an option to give a ""mixed"" review, since I don't outright ""not recommend"" but I also don't straight out ""recommend"" either, more of a mix between the two.I've been following this game's progress for months, each time a sneak peek was given of what in-game would be like it was amazing, and considering the Dev Team have a lot of prior experience with modding different games we all knew this would be something wonderful and well-constructed, planned and tested.Unfortunately I haven't been able to play the game...Constant CTD's right after the intro movie, which the Dev Team posted a temp workaround to skip the movie, which made no difference whatsoever. Now when someone submits a report about this ""bug"" they're asked what their specs are... I could understand why they'd constantly ask for specs if this problem was only happening to a small pool of people, but it's happening to the majority of people. It's not a spec-system problem. It's either a hosting server issue, or something else deep in the game.I'm not going to say to stay away from this game, all I'm saying is there are problems that need to be addressed and fixed before this is playable."
76561198052658922,Recommended,554570,29508020,Posted: 26 January,all,Invisible_person,"one thing most people will sight is low fps & bugs/crashes. in my case the bugs weren't game breaking, and the fps hit wasn't too bad (you might try upping your texture pool limit it's helped me a lot, it's in the advanced settings).what you have to realize is, this is early access, think of it like a sneak peek of everything that's functional and stable, and as the title comes closer to completion you'll have access to more content, you'll likely see better performance, and bugfixing too.my, criteria for game judgment is fairly simple. did i enjoy playing it? and do the issues i have with it outweigh the fun?to answer the first... i had a blast, and the second... i had no major issues. so it seems an excellent game is forming here, i highly recommend it.as for my system specs...Op. Sys. win 8CPU: 3.7ghz i7 (non-overclocked)GPU: GTX Titan XRAM: 32gb DDR3 (high end)"
,Recommended,554570,29516275,Posted: 26 January,all,GigaRat,"I don't normally write reviews, but I thought I'd share this time, because I would love to see this polished up and ready for a full release. I've been following this game's progress for a while, and they've poured a lot of time and effort into this project, leading me to believe they're not going to readily abandon ship. For early access, there certainly are some issues that I'm sure are being addressed as quickly as humanly possible. I'd like to list some of the pros and cons I've observed during my first bit of play.Cons, or bugs I'm sure will be fixed:For me, even with a pretty decent rig, I experienced the choppy areas and strange looking rock and water textures that have been reported. I've read that they're working on the FPS performance already, so I'm very much looking forward to the patch.Combat for me is frustrating and a bit clunky, not sure if it's because of the engine or the performance issues that are being addressed. Some of the controls aren't explained or easy to find, like switching between first and third person (I know it exists, I just can't remember where it was in the demo) and sprinting is caps lock rather than shift. I'm sure these will also be addressed as they receive reviews and bug reports.I've noticed a bit of dead space between areas with not much to explore between them, but I'm also just tinkering around on novice mode for the view. I'm hoping to eventually run across some more distractions between the back and forth quests. :DThere IS a bit of back and forth so far, if gopher (go-fer/fetch) quests aren't your thing. I gripe about them when I'm playing, but ultimately enjoy the exploration.Pros:It's a unique story, one very well thought out with quite a bit of lore behind it. While I'm not typically a fan of playing as a beast race type character, the lore fascinates me, so I don't mind it much. And I'm REALLY looking forward to being able to play as an Icecore. :D The artwork is great, music is great just from what I've heard so far, the voices are pleasant to listen to through all of the dialogue, which can be quite lengthy at times. I list that as a pro because I like story time, some of you might be a little less patient with lengthy dialogues. Though if you're looking to play an RPG, I can't imagine why you'd dislike that, except I suppose to get on with the killing and looting.Class selection is pretty extensive, giving us old favorites like warrior, rogue, mage, along with different ones I'm eager to try out, like warden. We'll also be able to make our own from scratch--I sense the potential for quite a bit of re-playability there, and I hope there's some different dialogues to go with the different class/RP styles.The interface, while confusing at the moment, has the potential to be nice and simple once polished and explained a bit more thoroughly, and I know what exactly I've just equipped. Looking forward to relaxing with a nice pipe, once I actually manage to acquire one.The landscape does have some lovely bits of scenery, and I'm a sucker for firefiles and a pretty night sky. I also enjoy long walks along the beach...I'm probably leaving out quite a few things, but I don't want to throw out TOO long of a wall of text, and some of what I've encountered so far will be more appropriately reported on their bug tracker forum for fixing. If the story interests you at all and you can spare a few bucks, I do actually recommend purchasing it, even at this point, knowing you're still playing a work in progress. No matter how extensive beta testing was and will be, there will always be issues that come up that a wider audience with wildly different gaming rigs will discover. The best way we can show support and to help the devs out is to report bugs and issues, and provide constructive feedback. I have a good feeling they'll listen. :)"
76561198063037304,Recommended,554570,29488401,Posted: 25 January,all,Blurrzilla,"This game is amazing so far, it does need some optimisation, feels a lot like Skyrim so if your a fan of Skyrim this game is for you, there seem to be a few negative reviews but most of them are due to the optimisation however the game is really fun it just needs some more work.Definitely worth the price, its really cheap for a great game, yeah it needs some optimisation but for the content it has so far and the gameplay it well worth it and I cant wait for more updates to this game!"
76561198131794965,Recommended,554570,30164985,Posted: 25 February,all,GnuBradZoid,"Just got through my first 2 hours and I had a blast exploring the bit of area I got to and getting to know the other tribe members. I was suprised by the amount of dialougue choices which brings a particular depth to feel I have not seen in many games. For a game in Beta I'm impressed with what I've experiecned and look forward to the progression and release! I had no issue with frame rate, CTD's or errors during gameplay while playing in 1440p.My specs are:Strix GTX 970 OCi 7 - 4770 3.4 GHz12 G of RAMWindows 8  64bit"
,Recommended,554570,29691560,Posted: 4 February,all,Neuba_V2,"The performance (ATM) is the biggest issue on my end.  But that does not move me to give it a negative review becauseThe Content in this game is already very smart. For example, the  dialogue lines are pretty well written. The voice acting is  as well awesome.For witanlore, there is (are?) working the most well-known skyrim modder Arthmoor and I naturally expect him to do an awesome job. I really trust in this game to become awesome!The setting in this game is very promising. It is a completely new genre of fantasy game, not limited to Orcs & Dragons.  I expect a huge amount of creative content.That's why I support this game.My Wishes for the final game are:Naturally a good performance. Eliminate bottlenecks that strong hardware can offer high frame rates.As this is developed on another unreal engine. I really hope of the implementation of some nice SMAA. I'd prefer MSAA and the like for a very sharp and clear image, but since I've never seen hardware AA on new indie games I'd be glad to have a nice SMAA that eliminates most of the jaggies. The graphics otherwise look quite fuzzy.Consistent and further development of the story & quests with the same quality level. :)Regards.Neuba"
76561198142934479,Recommended,554570,29516004,Posted: 26 January,all,Spectre,they need to buff framerate for potato computers i only get 2 fps sadly and on skyrim i get 40 to 60 or a feature that buffs framerate | i got my new pc fast download and very fun it needs torches in the game cuz i got traped in a cave but its very fun and pretty i give it a 9/10 not many races (spoiler! theres only one. Bears and Bears) update:still lost in cave its been an hour
76561198035624342,Recommended,554570,35004289,Posted: 16 September,all,volunteeralex,"Really enjoyed the short playthrough I just did.  The high points are the writing, the music, and the environments.The writers really should give themselves a pat on the back.  Great characters and dialouge choices, and some of the books really had me chuckling.The music is beautiful and really works with the forest environment.  Together they're quite transportative.  The only downside was the contrast was a little high and there was no way to reduce it.  After a while it made it a little uncomfortable to look at, but not game-breaking.The first quest is where I stopped playing as I was playing with a laptop trackpad and had trouble finding all the items in the training ground.  I felt it was a bit of a lame quest to kick the game off with.   I get that you want to build up to more epic things, but that doesn't mean you have to go all out cliche with the early quests; ""find X items and put them in crate Y"".  I was surprised after all the lore in the intro and the scattered books that it wasn't a more unique quest.All in all, beautiful environments and music, and well written.  Looking forward to playing more!"
,Recommended,554570,29714741,Posted: 5 February,all,Stormy,"Well I haven't had the chance to play the game due to the crashes, but the intro I saw is very interesting. :DOf course I watched gameplay videos, and I like them too but I really want to play the game and that can only come true if we help the devs and support them. That's why I bought the game. I was almost sure, that I can not play it but I have hope that they will fix the issues. The game's UI is a bit similiar with the Oblivion's but that's fine to me :3"
76561198113338163,Recommended,554570,29490693,Posted: 25 January,all,Floating Elephants,"After update .15 the game runs great =D and if I can run it on my low end laptop which is many years old 8gb DDR3 ram and 1.9GHz and a graphics card that was already old at the time then I can only imagine that most people can run this game much better than I!The game itself is quite solid already, looks great very atmospheric, the developers are working hard on the game, I recommend supporting this early access, it is low cost, but what you get is so much more for the price."
,Recommended,554570,32800103,Posted: 25 June,all,Times,"I liked this game a lot, what little there is of it. Make no mistake, the current release is little more than a proof of concept, but it's a really good one. If you're a fan of WRPGs, you'll see a lot of familiar elements in Witanlore. Plus you get to play as a bear. A BEEEAAARRR. If that's not a selling point I don't know what is.Moving around feels good, for the most part. Ladders are a little awkward but I've seen worse. You're currently restricted to the main storyline, save for some unfinished sidequests. The very small amount of voice acting is good so far, and I'm hoping they flesh out the entire cast with voices.My only current concerns are that the world outside the starting village is extremely empty aside from the occaisonal boar. This makes the long walk to the shaman's hut a real drag, since all you have to look at is the admittedly quite nice scenery as it pops in. I'm looking forward to there being stuff to do in the overworld. I'd like some more distractions.If you're not interested in seeing a game at it's early stages though, I'd check back on this one in a year or so. I think it'll have some really nice features by then."
76561198253604502,Recommended,554570,29472095,Posted: 24 January,all,MasterOogway,"If I had to use one word to describe this game, it would be potential. Obviously, this game is not in the best shape at the moment. There are a lot of problems that need to be fixed. Even so, Through the gameplay that I have done so far, I can already tell this has the potential to be an amazing game. The story is interesting. The dialogue is well-written. Most of all, the world the devs have created is amazing. If you want to buy a game and instantly have a triple a title that has zero bugs, this isn't for you. But I urge you to help some indie developers out and give this game a try.Edit: This patch did it all. Gameplay is not only playable now, but, in my opinon, beautiful. This gives more faith in the developers to do what they promised to do. I'm giving this a huge thumbs up now"
,Recommended,554570,29639968,Posted: 1 February,all,Vrethen,"OH YEE Father Gaben- WE BESEECH YOU FOR A 'MIXED FEELINGS/COME BACK LATER' BUTTON - now, unto the review.I've been tracking Witanlore since discovering its announcment from a Skyrim Mod page one of the Devs was running. Was just a twinkle in Steam-EA's eyes. But, im overjoyed its here. Has so much potential and a great team behind it, whose work i've seen before in the form of fantastic mods in Skyrim. -ONLY- Buy this in its current state -IF- you want to -SUPPORT- the devs in making something that many are starting to hope will be a great game.As it stands now, near unplayable. (For most... my PC actually runs it perfectly.) So, if you want a fully fledged Open World RPG right now, look else where. BUT PRAISE BE FOLLOW AND LIKE THIS PAGE.The characters already seem like they have depth to them, those introduced.Gameplay? A TON of potential, and I see where they may go with it. It'll be wonderful to see it expanded upon.Visuals? Not pretty, but not ugly. Just right, for now.Story? (Ha. Not spoiling a single thing.) But; seems to be an interesting start.Over all vote from thine self--_Keep an eye on this one, but come back later unless you want to support."
,Recommended,554570,29687205,Posted: 4 February,all,tockcool,"In an early access 4 Feb 2017, I think dev team should improve game performance."
76561198168764957,Recommended,554570,29592659,Posted: 30 January,all,British Curmudgeon,"I read the few reviews on steam about this game, most of which were negative. Nevertheless I decided to buy the game and hope for the best.......and I wasn't disappointed. Ok, so the fps sucks bad but that will be fixed in a patch and being early access you gotta expect teething troubles. The actual game shows a lot of promise. The graphics right now are pretty basic in terms of the texture quality but I know that being made with the unreal engine the graphics in the long term are gonna be fantastic.I've been recording the game for my youtube channel and expected to do maybe 2 or 3 but the dialogue within the game is extensive providing good lore and background of the available quests. I reckon' it'll be 8 or 9 by the time I'm done.So would I recommend this game in it's current state? Without hesitation. Overlook the odd glitch, you know the devs will fix them and for the price on steam right now....it's a steal. Buy it guys!! If you wanna check it out before deciding have a quick look at my videohttps://youtu.be/HPhE3ugJEBA"
76561198128067673,Not Recommended,554570,29501119,Posted: 26 January,all,stonethrower,"Hi, I am still really excited to play this game, but it does not get past the video.  I recalled that before buying it that it did have problems and that you would work with the purchasers.  Once the video ends, you see the bear dude standing to the left, as though the game will begin, and bamm, sends a error msg, and tells you to report.  If I look for cust serv for this situation, they offer refund, could you help me?2. Received new comment, I appreciated the quick response time to my comment.  But, still, should I get a refund, or will I be able to use this game in the near furture, would love another quick response.  Will give a thumbs up when I'm able to play the game.  Thank you :)"
76561198068920890,Recommended,554570,31552607,Posted: 4 May,all,Wirewing,I support anything the Dark0ne asks me to.
,Not Recommended,554570,29471768,Posted: 24 January,all,GymothyCharles,"I wish there was a 'not yet' option for the ratings, because I can see that this has potential, but as it is, its just too buggy and laggy.  The UI was huge at 1080p, with no option to change the size that I saw.  Like, it literally blocked half the screen, and the menus were all cut off.  Voice acting was alright, the uncle was done quite well, but the sword guy sounded really young, modern, and a little cheesy, kinda off.  Combat was pretty dumb from what I experienced, i just spammed left click until the guy submitted, and it didn't even really look like I was hitting him, but more like I was rubbing up against him.  I couldnt use the shield, as there is no actual tutorial for combat so i didnt know if it was right click or what, when i did right click, nothing seemed to happen.  Scenery is reallly nice, I just wish that I could have experienced it with decent graphics settings, and without the HUD reaching halfway across the screen.Overall, I'll rate the current build 3/10.  I won't be refunding the game, as I really do want to see where it goes, and look forward to playing a more complete version.Figured I should add a pros and cons section for those who want a quick summary.ProsVery nice world/sceneryNice graphicsSome good voice actingMusic is awesomeThere seems to be potentialThere's a lot of content like in-game books and stuff (didnt read any, but they seemed to resemble the books in The Witcher 3 in length)Decent animationsThat opening cutscene is really goodConsBad OptimizationBad UIThe first quest is a fetch questBugsLack of meaningful tutorialBad combatA little confusingCut-off menusLack of menu options in terms of UI scalingGame is unplayable at non-native resolution (I couldnt use the menus, because my clicks were only registered on the parts of the screen that the selected resolution actually physically took up)"
,Recommended,554570,31897617,Posted: 22 May,all,A Very Angry Bismarck,"Alright So Ive Noticed Most Of The Reviews Being From January And Complaining About Some Things But Still Recommending The Game Due To Its Potential. Now In Its Current State (May,22,2017) The Game Has Very Little To Do But What You Can Do Is Somewhat Enjoyable. I Find The Combat Quite To My Disliking Its Clunky And Gross. The Hud Could Also Do With A Reworking It Is Unpleasing To Look At Although Wonderful Job On The Quest Journal. The Graphics Are Splendid And Run Perfectly On My Beast Of A Rig I Recommend A Very Powerful Graphics Card I Run Everything On Epic With My GTX 1060. Dont Even Get Me Started On The Story It Is Absolutely Magnificent Although I Dont Know It All I Love What I Know So Far. Wonderful Voice Acting As well. To Make Sure This Doesnt Last Forever I Am Going To Do A Little List Of Pros And Cons And Then State What I Believe Should Be Fixed Or Added To The Game First And A Little Personal Request At The Very End.PROS-Story-Graphics-Characters-Character Creator (Has Potential But Needs To Be Updated)CONS-Not Much To Do-Poor CombatUPDATES THAT I BELIEVE SHOULD BE MADE IN ORDER FROM GREATEST TO LEAST-Fix Combat-Expand Amount Of Quests (Obviously)-Expand Map-More Combat Animations-Sound For FootstepsNow About That Personal Request I Was Speaking Of Previously. I Would Love A Little Romance Between Me And A Certian BlackClaw Woman In The Training Grounds You Know Who I Speak Of.7/10 Would Give It A 6/10 But I Love The Characters To Much.Lots Of Potential Please Pick Up The Speed If Possible I Need More Of This Game In My Life."
76561198162320465,Not Recommended,554570,29492289,Posted: 25 January,all,Mina,"Very good storyboard and gameplay overall but so many things to fix that just make the game frustrating to play.This game has so much potential, just needs a lot of improvement! It's worth the play if you're patient enough to deal with freezing every 5sec."
76561198008263462,Not Recommended,554570,31451293,Posted: 29 April,all,rabiddtreefrawg,"DIdn't get to play long however it does show great potential. The minimap is in kind of a wierd spot, the UI is rough and the movement is kind of jerky. This feels more like an Alpha than a Beta. Fell under the map while swimming and for the life of me was unable to equip any of my gear (perhaps too soon? was on the obstacle coarse) Also could not figure out how to finisg said obstacle coarse because neither the minimap nor the green orbs told me where to go and there was no ""path"" to guide me (flags or road or other markers) past a certain point. Lots of potential but does NOT feel like it's ready for Beta."
,Not Recommended,554570,29470099,Posted: 24 January,all,Daniil19,"So, i knew it is beta, but the developers have plenty of work to do, many bugs. Optimization is especially bad, the game freezes every 5 seconds. From what i have seen i have liked the soundtrack and atmosphere, but guys, really, i believe that you will fix this game and make it playable. I will change my opinion if you do so."
76561198073462382,Not Recommended,554570,29469610,Posted: 24 January,all,ImChrisJamesBitch,"ok so i came accross this game and thought it looked cool based on the trialer that had some actual gameplay in it.. but after trying to push through the boring tutorial i found myself wanting to go to sleep. the concept of a bear race peaked my interest. even though they look crossed eyed.  RPGs - love them. but right now where this one stands. all i can say is dont touch this. its poorly optimized. for 6 bucks i should have suspected something. average going rate is like 14. its no where near ready even for a early access release. ive never played a game this rough. they need to keep this in the basement till its further along. i know they have to make money and all to keep going, but wow. sorry guys to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over your game. i know you all are working really hard and its your dream concept. but without honesty you wont improve. good luck and maybe ill buy this game again when its actually a more playable game."
76561198049428827,Recommended,554570,35332393,Posted: 30 September,all,Dragonmaester,"So far, this game has been good. I have encountered a few issues with bugs but nothing too breaking."
