user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,554600,32535742,Posted: 18 June,all,sara-hime,"As a person who is self studying Japanese, it's really great to find a game like this to freshen up the studying scene and make it feel like it's not studying at all. Through out this game you'll learn a variety of new words (around 100, I think.) to add to your vocabulary by completely simple side quests. The characters are cute and create an adorable band of friends, but I feel like there were 2 too many characters and the voice acting was painful. For an extra cost, what I would like to see is the devs create an additional mode where you have to spell the words you've learnt using katakana. It would help to teach ""students"" how to combine words to make different sounds.All in all, fantastic game. I've spent the last 12 hours straight playing this to whip my♥♥♥♥♥♥back into studying, and they've helped me accomplish that. 10/10"
76561197974004598,Recommended,554600,29596708,Posted: 30 January,all,Iskarius,"Since you are on this page looking at this game out of sheer interest I don't think you need a ""review"" per se. Just buy the game. Its worth it.I played through the previous game Learn Japanese To Survive! Hiragana Battle (I recommend this game as well, but its not required to play katana war) and it taught me all of the hiragana letters in less than a week, and I'm someone with terrible memory.Speaking of memory, the way these games work is basically as follows: You are taught a bunch of -kana ""letters"" and then you come across enemies that you defeat with your newly taught -kana letters (you match -kana with the romaji equivalent). So its a memory game. Using pen and paper is highly recommended.Other than that the game IS still a JRPG with leveling, stats and gear (and a story) but at least to me these things are not the most important aspect of this game.The first game worked just fine, but this one comes with a couple of improvements, like (partial) voice acting and improved mouse control, but all of those new features are more of a quality of life things. You can play the game the same way you played hiragana battle and be just fine. I should also say that the combat is slightly improved and the interface looks cleaner (compared to the previous title).Good luck with your japanese studies!Edit: If you buy the Deluxe edition (or buy the manga DLC seperately) you get a small extra story, and in this story you are also taught how to make an order in a café (in japanese obviously). Worth it if you liked the characters in the game."
,Recommended,554600,31549707,Posted: 4 May,all,CheeseManGhoul,"You know, I realize I never made a review for this, 3 months later. Alright, let's go.If you have not played Hiragana Battle and are planning on playing Katakana War, please buy Hiragana War first and then Katakana war. The best way to learn Japanese is almost for sure Hiragana -> Katakana -> Kanji.Learn Japanese to Survive! Katakana War is the sequel, in more than one way, to Hiragana Battle, which are both games that introduce you to the Japanese language with an interesting take: mashing it into an RPG, putting some decent graphics in, and making it something you're willing to invest into. This game does not fully replace a Japanese class, but serves as a great introduction to Japanese and gives you a nice head start if you get into an actual Japanese learning program. After playing Hiragana Battle and seeing the Kickstarter for Katakana Battle, I knew I'd have to buy it first day. And then I got the email and I did. I'm not disappointed in one bit. I may or may not have made a meme out of it, just don't worry about it, let's talk about the game now.So, what is Katakana? Katakana is a writing system in the Japanese language similar to Hiragana, except these characters are used for words of foreign originality, such as specific locations (ex. Los Angeles = ロスアンゼルス [Rosu-Anzerusu]), foreign names (ex. John -> ジョン [Zyon]) and other loanwords. Hiragana is used for words original to Japanese and articles of the language, and Kanji is used mostly for readability and to clear up the several homophones within the Japanese language.Similar to Hiragana Battle, you will learn all 46 characters (plus some nuiances with Katakana, specifically) of the Katakana writing system along with a bunch more words and a couple more phrases in both Katakana and Hiragana (which I very much requested for and was happy to see!), along with them being written in Romanized English, or Romaji, for easier understanding for English speakers. Again, similar to Hiragana Battle, it's really quick and easy to learn all these characters, words and phrases to 100% the game (with an actual indicator that you have indeed 100%'d the game this time!), however this time after having experience with Hiragana, it was much quicker and much easier to understand how it all works. Plus I marathoned it over 9 hours straight on my stream, which was decently fun and helped all the lessons move on faster. And again, I highly recommend taking hand-written notes, with paper and pencil.TL;DR: Slightly higher than my score on Hiragana Battle, I give this a 9 out of 10. It's a great game to play after conquering Hiragana Battle, still is a great way to memorize the basics of Japanese, and it still does not quite replace a class yet, but I will leave a couple handy resources below for that. I have learned way more Japanese after this game, and can confirm this as a very handy tool before getting into Japanese seriously, and will still buy the Kanji equivalent just to see it continue as a great tool.スリーピングダーク、どうもありがとうございます！これは楽しいかった！Now, as for the nice resources to use:First of all, being able to type the Japanese you learn is probably going to be more important than anything else. For Windows users, refer tothis link to enable the Japanese IME input for your keyboard, which will allow you to type in the all-so-familiar Romaji. For Mac and Linux users, sorry but I don't have anything for you. You'll have to look it up yourselves.Next, this game isn't everything you need. I wish it was, but there are great resources to use after finishing up with Hiragana and Katakana instead of sitting there saying ""...So when's Kanji? Grammar?"" My first go-to source was when I finally learned about Duolingo a few months ago and found this website since Duolingo didn't have Japanese lessons, and the website ishttps://elon.io/. Elon.IO offers a Spanish mini-course, Turkish, and the one I wish to highlight, Japanese. The course goes through all the Kanji taught in grade school, Hiragana, and Katakana (which you should have down well already! Benefits, woo!), along with a lot of grammar and phrases, and best of all, it's completely free and repetitive enough toreallyfrustrate you with the same phrase fifty times just because you typoed onceingrain it into your mind."
,Recommended,554600,29619626,Posted: 31 January,all,Invictus227,"First off, this is a sequel to Learn Japanese to Survive!  Hiragana Battle.  You don't have to play that first to understand what's going on in this game, but if you are actually trying to learn Japanese, you should play that one first.So, now that you played HB, here's what's new in Katakana War:In game:Better GraphicsMore CharactersBetter fleshed out charactersRename-able MC that with twice as many available genders (attack helicopter still not an option)Affection SystemWAIFUSOut of game:AchievementsTRADING CARDSThe only real cons are that the voice acting often does not match up with the subtitles, and the lack of default controller support, although it took me about 5 minutes to make a decent setup for my steam controller."
76561197983082568,Recommended,554600,33643583,Posted: 18 July,all,Blue64,"‘Learn Japanese to Survive: Katakana Wars’ on PC / SteamScore 9.5 / 10 The pleasure is in the mind, and only for linguists.Easy not is Japanese Katakana; ノPatience and commitment require you; ユーKatakana spell can PC; カタカナHardwork is カタカナ.カチング　Cart to add.Your acquired knowledge of Katakana is the only way to win in this very light Japanese Dungeon RPG. The RPG elements are simple and fun and given that the only rate limiting step is your knowledge winning battles is deeply satisfying.You don’t like Japanese language? Forget this game.Oops did you study too much? The game is too easy (me)Ooosh*t did you think this was gonna be easy? Epic Fail ! (haahaaa)Katakana == Japanese alphabet for writing non-Japanese words. (This game)Hiragana == Japanese alphabet for writing Japanese words.(A different game by the same developer see below)Kanji == Japanese ideograms with characters similar to Chinese (very hard and not in this game. I sincerely hope that this will be made into a game by this developer)Arigato gozaimashita. 100% Achievo and solid Katakana knowledge in 30 hours (or less). I wish there was a second level to this. Only for those wishing to acquire language. July 2017.http://store.steampowered.com/app/438270/Learn_Japanese_To_Survive_Hiragana_Battle/"
,Recommended,554600,32153724,Posted: 3 June,all,Zanza,"Great game to learn all the Katakana!It's done better than the first one (Hiragana Battle!) with more varied enemy waves, instead of the same batch of letters in each new area. It's easier to retain all the letters in your memory this way.The voice acting is very distracting though... The actors aren't the best and although it makes sense that they're talking in english between them, since they're all foreigners learning japanese, japanese voices would help you with pronunciation for example.It should have an option to at least turn off the voices."
76561198137909842,Recommended,554600,29927980,Posted: 14 February,all,spiraklas,1 you learn japanese2 its an rpgdoes it need anythink else?
76561198047359721,Recommended,554600,29597090,Posted: 30 January,all,ij_downunder,"A great follow up to the previous game on Hiragana, and it follows the same principle.This one teaches you Katakana without needing to know any hiragana or kanji.I think Katakana War is great for beginners and those that already know some katakana and want to brush up on their skills.Highly recommened.And don't believe Owen in the game - Japanese corn soup in a can is awesome."
,Recommended,554600,30080853,Posted: 21 February,all,JC Verse,"I highly recommend both hiragana battle and katakana war, these 2 games are amazing and actually teach you in a way you can understand. I can't wait for Kanji Combat"
,Recommended,554600,33693777,Posted: 21 July,all,Skullface,Can't wait for Kanji :)
,Not Recommended,554600,33058429,Posted: 30 June,all,gabspace11,"I would have recommmended this game, but unfortunately you will hit a bug (or at least I did) when you get outside of Osaka. Please fix this, then I can recommend it. Some of the words in Japanese are spelled wrong; this is coming from an advanced speaker. For example, ""ooki"" should be ""ookii"", unless you expect me to conjugate it with ""ookisa"" to mean size."
,Recommended,554600,29646989,Posted: 2 February,all,Rudi,"4 hours in, no prior knowledge of Japanese, learned 25 characters, a few phrases and some grammar.  Katakana is really good fun, so far easy!  I haven't done the Hiragana War series yet and it hasn't impacted me at all, it feels like this on is a better one to start with before Hirigana as you get to learn some nouns before sentence structure.Good fun, would highly recommend!"
76561198283013868,Recommended,554600,31349454,Posted: 24 April,all,poteets,"great game if you are trying to learn japanese.  entertaining and educational plus some reply value. to the devs "" keep doing what your doing"""
76561198069159152,Recommended,554600,31213556,Posted: 18 April,all,wrb41977,"This game is obstensively the sequel to Hiragana Battle. In this game, you will learn the second writing form: Katakana. Premise is a bunch of people from overseas (US, Australia, France) are in Osaka due to varying circumstances (one guy was supposed to go to a surf competition in Okinawa but... bought a plane ticket to the wrong destination). Added to the mix is you. There is a short question session at the beginning of a new game to create your character (gender/play style/name). You and the three others are swept into a war when katakana characters suddenly appear in the streets smashing things. (Since their only weakness is to the katakana vocalizations, one would think more than just the teacher you happen to meet would be able to defeat them, but... whatever.)Anyway, you need to learn how to read/write Katakana to win this war. Perhaps with a little pronunciation thrown in.There apparently is a third volume in the works: Kanji Combat or something like that. That should be... interesting."
,Recommended,554600,31047565,Posted: 9 April,all,ZeferiniX™,"Damn worth it! The teaching method works for me, finished the game within 2 days (had 16.6 hours spent on this game upon posting this). I can fairly read Katakana characters now, will probably spend the next week practicing it before proceeding to Hiragana. That aside, if you're still thinking if you should buy this, I tell you this is really worth it.I suggest taking down notes during the lessons and the side quests.+ [Gameplay] Teaching method and tests thru turn based fights worked for me (subjective)+ Decent J-POP Music study material (subjective)+ Pretty good art+ The story can be better, liked it nonetheless+ The mechanic of you micromanaging between the RPG elements of the game to distract you while trying to recognize the Katakana characters is quite interesting.The other guy who disliked this game for that reason maybe didn't like this kind of distraction but it worked for me especially for someone who has a terrible memory (yes I just attacked a katakana character with a 'se' syllable and after worrying about my character's health status, I forgot that katakana character right away and have to think again lol). If anything, I think those ""distractions"" served as a way to keep the learning process entertaining and helps you recall things upon getting distracted. Probably subjective but that's my take on it.I don't think I have anything to dislike about this game. Just grab it if you're still thinking twice after reading this review!"
,Recommended,554600,29627328,Posted: 1 February,all,Primus,"This is a fantastic sequel to a game that really changed the way people can approach learning the Japanese language. While the first game felt like a very simple educational JRPG, this game takes everything a step further while maintaining the same standards of education. In fact it improves the quality of education.You probably know what you're getting into by now, but know this is a very indie and small-budget kickstarter series that still manages to deliver the best gamification of hiragana/katakana learning out there today.PROS:1. Fun gamification of learning katakana. In ~12 hours you can get an extremely strong grip on katakana with some vocabulary and grammar rules sprinkled in, all through the guise of a cute little JRPG.2. Additional polish that strengthens learning. For example when you fight a katakana character, the game now shows you the brush stroke order with every attack, as well as playing an audio track of the character's pronunciation.3. Improved combat systems. Now you can fling spells at your enemies and decide to build your character as either a physical or magic damage user, and stack either physical or magical defense. Or both.4. Extended content such as additional party members, affection levels, challenge castle (place to practice all you've learned), better art, narrative and chatter5. CHEAPCONS1. Narrative and characters are still pretty weak, but better than first game2. No controller support even though gameplay would work well with one3. Ocassional lagginess"
,Recommended,554600,33307225,Posted: 6 July,all,「Bad Mr Frostii」,"To answer the question most of you have, yes, this works. Much like the Hiragana focused prequel that is also wonderful.The game touches a small bit on grammar, as well as gives you a handful of vocabulary words. The two games are a great place to start learning the language.As for the game itself, it's fine. I wasn't particularly a fan of some thing about the game, like how long it takes to grind up affection.Asides from that, despite having more fleshed out characters, and a bigger cast, I found myself enjoying the first game more as far as the story, and characters go. Especially the final section of the game. I definitely think the first game was more enjoyable as far as that goes.Regardless, I had a lot of fun with this game, and given the ending, I look forward to the future of the series!"
,Recommended,554600,31907678,Posted: 22 May,all,末原 恭子,"As someone who has gone through learning the kanas I found that this game really does help people memorize and familiarize with the kanas. Learning the kanas is usually boring, difficult, and... well... boring, but this game makes what's supposedly a good medicine for insomnia into a fun activity.The plot of course, isn't all that great. I mean, what would expect from a game whose main objective is to teach people? But the gameplay is, not only functional, but also unique enough to be interesting."
,Recommended,554600,30154528,Posted: 24 February,all,♦Floirt,when's kanji?
,Not Recommended,554600,34446495,Posted: 23 August,all,794,"Straight off the bat I can see just how much worse this is than Hiragana Battle.- Cringey voice over that if you want to disable, you have to lose all your basic UI sound effects as well.- Battles are way, way slower paced and thus more time is wasted not learning. Characters yell the sound of the katakana they are attacking which sounds awful and makes the player less likely to sound out the katakana themselves. (Again, this can only be disabled if you also have disabled all of the game's basic sound effects.)- Battles no longer have you select the character in a window showing the character in computer text. I liked this in Hiragana battle as it further cemented my memorization and allowed me to regularly see characters in both written and typed font styles.- The writing animations in lessons are way too slow.- Story is worse and gameplay focuses too much on being an RPG instead of actually learning like the first game did.- BUGS. The game has been out for 8 months now and not a single patch. Really? Keyboard configuration is completely broken, and from reading what others have said there are even incorrect translations which will cause player confusion.Overall I would have rathered a carbon copy of Hiragana Battle with katakana subsituted in than this mess. Personally I'd advise people to find another way to learn their katakana, which is exactly what I'm going to do as I'm now getting a refund for this game."
76561198061905046,Recommended,554600,29828847,Posted: 10 February,all,DavisCrimson (デービスケリムソン),BEST EDUCATION RPG GAME EVER TO LEARN HIRAGANA AND KATAKANA :Dty so much for  give me master learn both of it :DBest game 10/10
,Recommended,554600,33534434,Posted: 14 July,all,Merli,"It actually doesn't much matter if you learn hiragana or katakana first, katakana might be even better for foreigners because katakana is all about foreign words.Will this game teach you katakana? Yes it will. I was always too lazy to learn katakana the traditional way. So i found this game series and decided to give it a fresh try. I didn't buy Hiragana Battle because of the reviews saying that Katakana war is far better developed and less repetitive. And also has Steam Cloud and achievements. Even the art looks better from the previews and still the games cost (now) the same..This game got the main point through. I am able to read words in katakana now, sometimes slowly, but i can do it!I really hope developers will read this, however (SPOILER ALERT!):1.Would have been nice if i was able to choose the order of attack on characters. It seemed sometimes too random and unexplained. I always had to attack with my character first. Would have been nicer if there had been more varierity to that.2.There could have been so much more to do! For example, friend rooms. At least the option to add them to party or maybe discover some items in their rooms would have been interesting.3.Also would have been nice to travel using the train station, much more logical than just leaving the town. At least have an option to travel after finishing mission there.4.The WASD keyboard setup didn't work.I suggest maybe developers make updated/improved versions of hiragana and katakana games.  Hiragana battle 2, Katakana war 2, etc... But of course kanji combat would be awesome too! I am so waiting for it!But overall: Thank you for making the game :)"
76561198084387544,Recommended,554600,31851072,Posted: 19 May,all,Midnightrose,"Brilliant game, really good for learning Katakana, I found it useful that I had learnt a fair bit of Japanese first, but my Katakana is really rusty so needed help.This game is cheesy AS HELL, but that is part of the reason why it is so good! Really nice way of helping you repeat and practice the letters without it seeming boring and repetitive! You can’t KO with magic, which means each time you fight you have to at least once, actually hit it with the correct sound, which is really good, makes you think and remember more!I think they did a great job and recommend it to anyone who needs a boost with their katakana!"
,Recommended,554600,31969647,Posted: 26 May,all,UKに製,"I loved this game, i had already leraned hiragana and didnt feel like learning katakana.So i got this game and it helped me learn katakana fast.Also i think the characters in this game would make for a great Anime"
76561198136732748,Recommended,554600,30742472,Posted: 25 March,all,Never3ndr,"First of all, you don't have to play the first game to play Katakana War, so don't let that hold you back!  Katakana War has some great improvements over Hiragana Battle, with a more enjoyable storyline, more intriguing characters, and a bit more content.  Even with these improvements, however, the storyline and characters remain passable, but nothing you will remember after you finish the game.  However, like the first game, this is probably going to be the most fun way to learn these -kana so, get ready for War!"
,Recommended,554600,29811632,Posted: 9 February,all,だてんし - Ultra,"Now I can survive 2 differents apocalypses. Zombies and Obake (as hiragana or katakana symbols). Not only I can break bones with rocks and sticks, but also with words.Alright, jokes asides, I will start this review and try to stay low on spoilers the most as possible. The story is situated 10 years after the previous game (Hiragana Battle), but this time the enemies are Katakana warriors. Originally, their name is Obake, which is a shape shifting spirit. So, of course, you must stop them invading Japan.This game is pretty good and is more complete than the previous one.- More quests. 20 quests, which reward you like in Hiragana Battle by giving you an item, cash or a weapon, but also by teaching you a few japanese words in katakana or hiragana.- More characters to control. 8 in total, but you can only bring up to 4 with you (your main character obligatory and 3 others)- There are more musics and they are better than in the last game  (especially the boss one)- The main character is you. You can choose to be either a boy or a girl and also your ""class"", that I will call a title, which depends of what you answer when you make a new game- The enemies appear on the map, unlike the previous game where you could meet some every 5 feet. Touching them engage the fight.- There a new feature which is Affection. Each characters (except you) has an affection bar that goes up when you fight and after some certain amounts, you can talk to the characters to trigger an affection event, which give them some bonus stats. When they reach their maximum affection level with you.... well I won't spoil that part- Differently from Hiragana Battle, you can only obtain spells during certain key moments in the game instead of leveling up.Now I will quickly go with some stuff I didn't like much, but those are really minor.- The spell animations are all the same. By example, a minor thunder spell will have the same animation than a major thunder spell or a thunder spell hitting all enemies.- Its not really easy to be pretty immersive in the game when everyone keep the same emotion. What I mean is that they only have one facial expression during cutscenes. By example, some of the characters have a smiling or laughing facial expression, even when there a big enemy or when they are angry. I will add a screenshot so you can more easily understand.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=857115516They don't really look worried that there lots of monsters invading the town. Everyone keep the same expression in ALL cutscenes of the game.- During the final affection event of a character, is it me or after they end talking, the cutscene freezes but still continue in the background? After that, it goes back to normal. Not much of a big deal, but just a bit weird.- Ok, ok. This one is more of an observation than a minor thing I didn't like. At the end of the game, when the story says what happened to the characters after all the events, I found a typo at Mischa's part. Yea, the word ""classes"" had an extra ""S"", which changed it to ""classses"".If I can conclude this, well I had a lot of fun playing this game and I even got some good laughs during some cutscenes. It also fulfilled its goal very well since I improved my katakana alphabet knowledge a lot (I barely needed my notebook to find which one is which).: A third game is coming and it will be about Kanji (oh no...)"
76561198303088956,Recommended,554600,30697790,Posted: 23 March,all,nicolas.strode,"This is another excellent installment in this series and has greatly helped my Japanese study.  For anyone that hasn't already mastered Katakana, I highly recommend this game.  Just like the previous game, it is very similar to the old 80's and 90's JRPG's like Final Fantasy.  This installment also has a far larger Japanese vocabulary written in both Hiragana and Katakana.It is simple, fun, and effective."
76561197982872600,Recommended,554600,29791380,Posted: 8 February,all,voodoo_charlie,good game to help learn katakana  and  i am looking forward to the next one :)
76561198039436965,Recommended,554600,32126306,Posted: 2 June,all,Autarchml,Vast improvement over Hiragana Battle. Good story and animations. UI design is also much better. Most importaint part is I came away from it knowing how to read Katakana :)
76561198123351840,Not Recommended,554600,31513709,Posted: 2 May,all,KuroUsagiOni,"If your coming from the first game then stop right there, download a decent japanese learning application.Until they fix these issues or throw them away in the next title it will not be worth your time, things i noticed in this game have been;(some) incorrect phonetics and pronunciation references, half-a**ed kana stroke order representations, terrible voice acting, terrible choice of music in the very end track(s), over imposing cliches in character design, drops every peice of plot they had for a sequel from the end of the first game, ""half-baked"" monolougues, i found myself not caring about the characters in any way whatsoever (the charaters bios were pitifully written and did not make any differences with anything in game not even other characters.) and above all else the keyboard configuration is currently broken, it feels like the release was Extremely rushed and ""half done from the get go"". [i love this series to death and have learned so much from it so far but these feeling were for the original concept of the game not at all what it is now.] What happened to the potential!??"
76561198018558017,Not Recommended,554600,30791485,Posted: 28 March,all,Poptheweasel100,"Learn Japanes To Survive! Hiragana Battle was a game I purchased on a whim, since I had about 8 bucks in my wallet and I decided, ""Why not?""The game itself, while simple, didn't distract from the learning, and the gameplay was challenging from the enemy stats, and it kept me engaged so I continued with the learning, which was done really well!So, after hearing about Katakana War, I anticipated the release, since I just finished the original. Once it was released and I had the money to spare, I bought the bundle and got to work.After 3 hours, I quit the game and will probably never go back.Why? Simple. Katakana War has too much content that distracts from the main focus. Learning with JRPG gameplay.The gameplay has recieved some improvements, like Boss battles and being able to see the turn order, and the boost of presentation is nicely improved, with great character portraits and some voice acting.The main problem? There's too many characters. Hiragana Battle had 4 characters, and, while I don't remember their names, I remember their personalities and looks, and they did almost nothing to distract from the learning.Katakana War, on the other hand, has atleast 10+ characters, all with distinct personalities, and they just keep coming!Plus, there's socalizing events, which, while welcome in games like Persona, are not needed and it distracts you from the most important part, the part of the title. LEARNING JAPANESE.So, overall, play Hiragana Battle, and after playing that, study Katakana in a normal way, without playing this, as the little additions distract too much from the main focus of the game.I give this game a 4/10. It has potential, but the fact the mechanics work AGAINST each other, just ruins it from becoming worthy of a purchase."
76561198102531202,Recommended,554600,30984195,Posted: 6 April,all,Dipper,"Okay, I'm not going to sugar coat it but I will try my best to be polite about it, the voice-over is absolutely... not good and most of the times(in my case) the voiceover doesn't match the text thats shown on screen. I'm enjoying the game overall, so I would recommend it, but would like to have the option to disable the voice-over but won't disable the tutorials on how to say the characters/words/sentences.Edit: Now that I played the game for a couple of hours I have to say I really enjoy this game(the game mechanics, the story and I enjoy the campiness of this game overall) but the voices please make them stop make them go away. Please give me the option in the settings to make them a bunch of mutes who speak through use of speech bubbles. I would rather give them funny voices in my head and entertain myself by being stupid but hey thats just me."
,Recommended,554600,31009642,Posted: 7 April,all,PLAYERUNKNOWN'S CUMRAG BARSTOOL,"This is a really useful tool to learn and memorise Katakana. It makes many improvents over the first Hiragana game, the combat system is easier to use, and the frequent reverse levels where you need to choose the symbol are a great opportunity for revision.It is a little overdesigned however, I would have been happier not to have the voiceovers and relationship quests A la GTAIV, but it doesn't detract from the game in a massive way.Easily reccomend to anyone who will benefit from context memorise katakana"
76561198008182182,Recommended,554600,32710532,Posted: 23 June,all,TimeZeroHour,OK love the new combat system and all the other minor and major imporvments. I hope to see hiragana use with it and taken to the level where the player has to start reading words and full setinces at the end of the game in the future.
,Recommended,554600,29857822,Posted: 11 February,all,skelledragon,"Voice acting is bad and it's a little weeby (but honestly I'm sure the majority of you trying to learn japanese, like myself, are insufferable little weebs anyway) but otherwise it's a great way to learn Katakana.Hiragana Battle is good too, and I'd personally suggest playing that one first, but it genuinely does not matter which you play first."
,Recommended,554600,35215146,Posted: 25 September,all,"2,4-DNPH",Friendlier than the previous game!And please change one of the achivement to max out affection to 3 people. All maxed is too hard and repetitive.
76561198035467477,Recommended,554600,30977571,Posted: 6 April,all,eatheringtonp,"Tl;dr basic RPG that helps you learn Katakana pretty quickly. If you're interested in learning Katakana, it's great. If you're not, it's not great.If you played Hiragana Battle, Katakana war is a really big step forward in terms of game polish. Gameplay still happens on a traditional 16-bit style RPG, but the transitions are very slick, the menus look much better, there's (questionable) voiceover work. It's still, at it's core, a very basic RPG, but the level of modernization between Hiragana Battle and Katakana War is really impressive."
,Recommended,554600,35022297,Posted: 17 September,all,Tacos2Day,"To put it bluntly, I was fairly impressed by the game despite a few minor bugs.Pros:-For $7, it is entertaining and it gets the job done.-You'll pick up some vocab words you may or may not have known already.-The production quality is better than pretty much every indie / rpg-maker-like game I've played on Steam. It's painful how serious that statement is, but at the same time my hat is off to the devs.-They cleaned up the answer table in the combat system from hiragana battle. It is much easier on the eyes-The voice acting is straight up better than like 75% of dubbed anime, which was a pleasant surprised-Inclusion of a 'practice' mode unlocked through normal gameplay (I think it was chapter 5 or 6). Didn't use it yet, but I might come back to it if I feel I need to review.-This game has a bit more personallity than it's predecessor which was a nice touchCons:-A few bugs, Couldn't get WASD controls to work. Final affection cutscenes lagged / froze to the point where I thought it would crash the game (it did not). The game did crash on me once after running it for  about 6 or 7 hours, I'm not sure why. I didn't bother checking the error log and it didn't happen again. And yeah, I played this from start to finish in one sitting. I know, I'm such an overachiever, stop, y'all gonna make me blush.-If you played Hiragana battle you probably remember when they switched the Hiragana enemies for Romaji ones and you had to answer with the corresponding Hiragana. It really helped etch those suckers into memory IMO. This happens in Katakana War as well, but it's too easy. That new cleaned up Answer table makes it a little too easy to common sense your way to the correct choice (Ie. If you remember which column is which vowel). This is essentially nit-picking as any practice is helpful, but I figured I'd mention it.-They cleaned up the combat gui a bit which, while asthetically pleasing, leaves me with one eensie-weensie bone to pick. In Hiragana Battle when selecting the Hiragana to answer there was another box in the menu you could look at to select the hiragana as well as the highlighted sprite. This was nice because the hiragana were displayed there in a more normal text-like font as opposed to the sprite's more artistic / calligraphic versions. I can't read the common text katakana nearly as well as I could the common text hiragana right after finishing the game. It's not a huge deal, there are only a few that look all that different, and if I stop and think for a minute I can usually figure it out without having to check an appendix or anything like that, it's just that the comprehension isn't quite as well as a result of not seeing both for the 8 or 9 hours I spent playing / learning. Ironically the best resource for reading the texty fonty katana is that Romaji Answer table I just whined about. After unlocking all the Katakana I took a moment to look it over and screenshotted it for reference.TLDR: Will teach you Katakana in an entertaining fashion. Eagerly awaiting Kanji Combat which I believe was confirmed by the devs on a forum post somewhere, although there is no Kickstarter page as of 9/2017."
,Recommended,554600,31489199,Posted: 1 May,all,Oppaidaisuke69 ツ,"If you want to learn Katakana syllabary in Japan, this is a perfect game for you. This is an educational game in which you will  be a protagonist who'll gather allies as you counquer japan by defeating this ""Katakana Monsters"" (Those are just Katakana symbols anyway..)This game will teach you Katakana symbols, all of them (Kanji and Hirigana not included) step-by-step, even the pronounciation and how to write them. The more you progress the game, the more Katakanas you'll learn. Not only that, there are mini-games in the game in which you will also learn different commonly used greetings and polite words. Plus, you can raise flags (Affection meter, Love-love thing or whatever) in your allies.Well, just try playing the game for educational purpose, leisure time or just play this if you are very desperate going to Japan and speak their language. Highly recommended and enjoy the game."
,Recommended,554600,31144585,Posted: 14 April,all,DaisukiFox,I'm learning Japanese from this. After this one it's Hiragana time! XD
76561197961918996,Not Recommended,554600,30727147,Posted: 25 March,all,Keksfuchs,"An issue just recently occured to me which drastically changed my oppinion of the game.The concept is fantastic. You play the game and learn Katakana along the way. Even though the game itself has its flaws, the feeling of actually doing something useful motivates you enough to play on. While 'grinding' is usually a pretty boring element of RPGs, it comes along with training Katakana characters in this one. So you train not just your char but in the meantime yourself as well!Despite the story being a bit far-fetched and the charakters being pretty shallow, I would still recommend this game. Not for its qualities as an RPG but for the omnipresent side-effect of learning something which might come in handy in the real world.There are, however, two things which could be improved to increase the games educational value:- There is no option to train specific sets of characters, which results in the player knowing the ones from the beginning of the game much better than the ones from the end (still mixing up Wa- and Ya- series).- Also the randomizer seems not to work correctly. You often get to fight the same combinations of characters, which leads to you memorizing patterns instead of characters.All in all a very good price-performance ratio makes this game very attractive to anyone wanting to learn Japanese.Why do I still not recommend the game? The big flaw is the bad programming. Appearantly the game's .exe triggers alarms of anti-virus softwares. This can lead to the .exe being deleted rendering the game non-functional."
,Recommended,554600,30128585,Posted: 23 February,all,i_have_scurvy,its good but i crashes a lot and there are a good few glitches
,Recommended,554600,29657325,Posted: 2 February,all,shitlord,I drank corn soup once. I almost died.
,Recommended,554600,29604712,Posted: 31 January,all,ゆずしずく,"Learn Japanese katakana by defeating monsters,At the same time will teach some vocabulary.Great game.------------------------------------------------------モンスターを倒すことにより、日本のカタカナを習う、同時に、いくつかの語彙を教えます。素晴らしいゲーム。"
76561198271872656,Recommended,554600,29861076,Posted: 11 February,all,I_Luv_Humanity,It really usefull just saying
,Not Recommended,554600,31355318,Posted: 25 April,all,DeathJohnson,"Was made with some obscure engine that, while apparently it causes a lot of antivirus programs to be suspicious of it, it also makes the game impossible to capture in OBS using Game Capture or Window Capture. I bought the game with the intention of streaming it, like I did with the first game, which worked fine, but with this one, it doesn't. Because I trusted the developer too much (I guess I didn't have a reason not to, their other game was fine), it was more than two weeks after I bought it that I got around to trying to play it, so I don't qualify for a Steam refund. I guess it's good that I learned this lesson with a fairly cheap game, because being stuck with a game I bought and can't even really use does suck, but I will make sure to try all games immediately after buying in the future."
76561198375463245,Not Recommended,554600,30890916,Posted: 1 April,all,Ash Wu,"Not useful, don't expect to learn Japanese by playing this game..."
76561198080268954,Recommended,554600,30972267,Posted: 5 April,all,Smoky,^_^ I love this game so much.Since they fixed the bug with Kaspersky it has been so much funThe characters are fun and cute and the gameplay itself is very optimized compared to Hiragana Wars. (Also a great game)I have waited so long for this game and I am not disappointed.
76561198027838269,Recommended,554600,31813054,Posted: 17 May,all,Haka,The voice acting isn't great and the soundtrack is absolute garbage but turn those down and it achieves what you'd hope.
,Recommended,554600,33259610,Posted: 4 July,all,bdemitries2,Good way to learn Japanese plus nice RPG elements as well.
76561197975293555,Recommended,554600,33299414,Posted: 5 July,all,Dr Urchin,"This is an excellent learning game, which gives a fun was to drill your letters.  Generally, this is the most boring part of learning a language but the game made it fun to keep practicing.  It also gives a fairly large vocabulary, and even a number of verbs and verb forms.   In this way, it was a great improvement over ""Learn Japanese To Survive! Hiragana Battle.""The vocabulary lessons are easier if you have already learned Hiragana, possibly through playing the prequel.   On the other hand, it was mildly annoying that the storyline in ""Katakana War"" did not connect with the loose ends of ""Hiragana Battle"".  In terms of the learning experience this didn't matter at all, but in terms of enjoying the denouement at the end, it was a mild let down.There are some extremely good jokes made by all the other characters.  Andrea is possibly the most annoying female I've ever played with, and Kyoko's experience of ""having a conversation"" made me laugh out loud.If you are trying to have a fun way to practice your first lessons in Japanese, this game and it's prequel are really great learning tools that are fun to use."
,Recommended,554600,33420301,Posted: 9 July,all,C4Spartan45,"I've always wanted to continue learning Japanese after i left Japan after living there for some time and i never got to learn as much as i wanted. This game, however caught my eye and peeked my interest. After playing both Hiragana Battle and Katakana War, i was very happy with the adventures i had went on and the knowledge i was provided with.This game and it's prequel are both very fun RPG's and are great for learning the building blocks of Japanese. They provide you with the basics needed to really make your lessons in Japanese soar. I highly recommend these two games and a possible sequel that we may get in the future. Fingers crossed."
76561198134845517,Recommended,554600,30180139,Posted: 25 February,all,立花さや,"Really love both games Hiragana and katakana, learned a lot from them. If  there is a  Kanji version  released in the future I would be buying it as well !"
76561198085359654,Recommended,554600,30158923,Posted: 24 February,all,torrelfisher,"I remember beginning to learn Katakana as I was growing up in Japan during my younger years and this game helped me incredibly to recall and continue from then. Katakana War has done a tremendous job in helping me cement and retain Katakana and all the bonus vocab within it as well, and if I sound like I enjoy this game too much, it's because I do, I honest to goodness do. I decided one day to look on steam for a game to help me continue my japanese language education, found this, and I consider myself beyond happy with the luck I had to find this game indeed. I love it, I really reeeaaallly do, and even though I havn't experienced Hiragana Battle yet, I'm definitely looking forward to playing that one next, and I CANNOT wait for Kanji Combat! Thanks for all the love and care put into this game! Thankyou so much! :)"
76561198053063077,Recommended,554600,30136410,Posted: 24 February,all,Mar,"Many imporvements made for the second game of this series:- Menus improved- Improved boss fight- Improved graphics- Interesting level design- Bigger cast of characters- RPG elementsand more!+ I really liked the enhanced RPG elements with the wide variety of characters. The problem with an educational game is getting people motivated enough to start the game up and play it, to want to learn after they bought the game and finish it. I think expanding upon the RPG relationship system that was put into play this game would be a great idea for the next game. Maybe relationships or something other. Nothing too complicated, I do enjoy the simplicity of the affinity system.- I only had a few problems with this game. The primary problem was the voiceacting. I like many people cant tolerate english dubs, usually this isnt an issue though because theres always an option to control the audio level of the voice acting for cutscenes in most games. However that option was missing from this game. Just to note I think voice acting is worth it so long as people like myself has the option to control the audio.- Slight performance issues in Osaka and very bad performance issues when I reached max affinity with each character.This game is a 9/10, near perfect, enjoyed playing it a lot. VERY excited for the next game."
,Recommended,554600,29777593,Posted: 8 February,all,Safe san,"better than last episode in everything.this ep add better graphic, gameplay ,dub over subtitle , more character and cute animation. Recommand !! what are u waiting for PLAY IT !!"
76561198344743091,Recommended,554600,29675639,Posted: 3 February,all,Yuukimaru,"Game is awesome, I learned katakana in 3 days by playing it.It was totally worth the money, and I am looking forward to next game from this series."
,Recommended,554600,29744745,Posted: 6 February,all,ca_jas,It's a pretty good alternative to learning katakana than using flash cards but it's essentially the same thing. Took me about 10 hours to finish and I'm able to read and write everything.Really wish they intergrated katakana words more into item names and places but they only did this at the end of the game. It was a totally missed opportunity.
76561198070408164,Recommended,554600,33670237,Posted: 20 July,all,DRAGANBOURNE,"This has a seal of weaboo's approval.Actually, this game series does teach you things. Also the games touch a bit of grammar, phrases and vocabulary. The game form makes it very simple to learn.But, there is one thing, i can't say this is something bad. As for me - when you start learning something, you should do it properly. So, when you do your best - the game becomes unfairly easy, like your team takes almost no damage in the battles, because either healing is too strong, or enemies just can't live long enough to attack, no need to say about K.O.I think this is a kind of a treat from developers, but i just wanted some real tough action, because of this i feel like i lose some knowledge that i just got.9/10"
76561198062405721,Recommended,554600,33512766,Posted: 13 July,all,elethion,This game is how I learned katakana.
76561198073703169,Recommended,554600,33742554,Posted: 23 July,all,Tecumseh,"Great game to learn Katakana. Learnt Katakana in 3 days, now I just need to repeat now and then with cards. Thanks guys!"
,Recommended,554600,34556486,Posted: 28 August,all,K,Great way to learn katakana through repetition.
,Recommended,554600,34438359,Posted: 23 August,all,PlasmaRPG,"While the package hasn't changed much the contents in it are vastly better than its predecessor Hiragana Battle. Katakana War takes the existing battle system from Hiragana battle and improve upon it immensely making the process of learning Japanese much more fun. The voice acting wasn't my cup of tea but I slowly adjusted, the story is slightly better this time around. Magic system is a new inculsion and is handeled very well, it doesn't 1 hit kill anything but it does a ton of damage (depending on the character). The learning guide which was inculded in the deluxe addition helps greatly and is very appreicated and well put together. Katakana battle takes the Learning to Japanese Franchise and moves it forward and hopefully will continue to with Kanji Combat. Buy it if you wish to learn Katakana in a fun and compelling way."
,Recommended,554600,34052122,Posted: 5 August,all,WispyMouse,"This was my first experience with learning Japanese, and the game worked well with my complete lack of knowledge. I was never particularly challenged, with there being very few difficult knowledge checks. I feel like this will serve as a good foundation for my Katakana learning, and now that I have the basics I can find slightly more advanced training. You're going to want to write things down as you play; while there is a study guide, there isn't a prepared alphabet chart for you, and making one good alphabet chart will help you beat the game (and learn Japanese) with less trouble.The total runtime of my game, where I completed *most* sidequests I ran in to and didn't experiment with my party very much, was 9 hours. Learn Japanese To Survive! Katakana War was a nice way to spend a weekend, and I would recommend it to any fan of anime as a first step in to learning Japanese. (I think, I haven't really ""learned"" it yet!)For the game itself, I have a long list of gripes and wishes. These are mostly going to be negative things, but I want to note that the experience overall was very enjoyable.- The music has a very short loop in some places, with obvious stumbles between loops.- It feels like the engine can't handle having so many attack options; later in the game, the game will lag slightly every time you open up the Answer menu- The final boss will also cause a slight bit of lag when particles are on him- Some areas, such as the mountain, have very avoidable combat. I felt like just walking around monsters instead of fighting them. This is a gamer-thing, but it may have robbed me of some practice?- There was very little reinforcement for vocabulary; only a few side quests quizzed your vocab retention- The fonts chosen can cause some confusion; I didn't realize ""shi"" had that slant to it until it was randomly put next to ""tsu"" for a word, or that the ""a"" letter didn't connect at the top- I enjoyed seeing my party interact, but I wish they would talk about Japanese a little more; there was a person who taught me about sports words like Tennis and Surfing, and I wish my friends would talk about learning the words for their hobby- The very end of the game had a cool puzzle, buy a Radio using the japanese word, and the last few weapons were in japanese; I really enjoyed that content and translating the words to Romaji, and I wish there was more things like that"
,Recommended,554600,34303988,Posted: 17 August,all,春ムうー,"For as much as I really enjoyed playing Hiragana Battle, this game took the whole concept and implemented it at whole new level. The level of polish on this game was above and beyond what I was expecting. Everything from the enunciation of the syllables (with both male and female audio as appropriate to the character) to the excellent side quests that allowed you to learn new words in an unintimidating manner were just excellent.The game built on the previous game without the player ""really"" needing to have played it which was nice. Characters in this game were actually really well developed and I had an authentically good time with the RPG elements of the game.The maps were a little visually busy and I still think both games would've been better if the characters had dynamic expressions that changed to fit the situation rather than one genetic portrait... but there were small things like shaking the portraits and the voice acting that added a lot more life to the characters which was really awesome.Also, on that note, blown away by the inclusion of voice acting, it really added an extra layer of depth to this game that I love. I also like that the game has return-ability, unlike Hiragana Battles, there is still an end game that you can continue going through to practice and catch up on things you missed, which I absolutely love. This is genuinely a really good game, whether you're trying to learn Japanese or not, I would definitely recommend this game!"
76561198273880942,Recommended,554600,35182413,Posted: 24 September,all,maaike.fleskens,"What a fun way to learn Katakana. This game surprised me, it is quite captivating even though there are a few bugs here and there (WASD controls don't seem to work even though it's a setting). It works the same as the Hiragana version, only it seems more polished than the previous one. The gamestyle and gameplay reminds me of the old Pokemon games.I will totally be backing a Kanji game if there'll ever be one!"
