user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,554620,34640783,Posted: 31 August,all,Kerbz,Episode start: Ah this is just normal and relaxedEpisode finished: I WASN'T READY FOR THESE EMOTIONS
,Recommended,554620,34642221,Posted: 31 August,all,Jigalo,"There are a few cringe moments, but I guess that comes with playing a teenage girl as a man. Nevertheless, if you enjoyed the original, the first episode is pretty solid."
,Recommended,554620,34676613,Posted: 1 September,all,Fuzzy,"Deck Nine had an impossible task in Before the Storm: Not just to create a prequel to a story-driven game with a cult fandom, but to do it with:- A different game engine- Different writers- Different voice actors- Different music- No rewind mechanic(Is now a good time to mention that Deck Nine's previous work includes ""Neopets: The Darkest Faerie,"" some remastered Playstation ports, and a forgettable snowboarding franchise?)In light of that, my expectations coming in were pretty low ... and they've been absolutely blown away. Episode 1 of Before the Storm isn't just true to the original game — as a one-to-one comparison, it's better than Episode 1 of the original Life is Strange. I feel exactly like I felt playing the first game, and I haven't felt that way since the first game ended more than 2 years ago.10/10 I'm not sure how this is even possible; go play it."
76561198001454789,Not Recommended,554620,34723559,Posted: 3 September,all,Charming Cthulhu,"This is probably the most thorough review I'll ever write on Steam, so I want to say some things before I start:I'm only reviewing the first episode in its release state. I don't know yet if I'm going to update.I'm going to refer to the original game as LiS, to this one as BfS.LiS was a great game. People are hyped and give BfS 10/10 ratings, disregarding its obvious flaws. I would give it neither a thumb up nor a thumb down, but a ""meh"" rating.BfS isn't developed by the same studio and you notice that extremely.My review will get lots of thumbs down because the review system is broken. Giving a thumb down means telling that the review isn't helpful. People abuse the thumbs to vote down everything that doesn't agree with their opinion while voting up single sentence reviews that don't help anyone.I'll try to keep spoilers out of my review as much as possible.Let's take a look at some negative aspects, starting with technical stuff and proceeding into more ""relevant"" things:- GraphicsWhile LiS was based on the Unreal Engine, BfS uses the Unity Engine.Believe it or not, but the simple graphics are a lot worse. I actually loved the art style of LiS, but in BfS I actually deleted every single screenshot I took (and I take a lot of screenshots) because they just weren't pleasant to look at. Textures often completely lack detail, anti-aliasing is non-existent (even on maxed out AA settings) which is actually a huge problem in this game, even though I usually don't care much about AA. All my screenshots were heavilypixelated.- ControlsRemember how you chose an action in LiS by holding the left mouse button and moving the mouse into the direction of the action? In BfS, you hold the left mouse button and use WASD to choose. In other words, in order to look at stuff or interact you need two hands now instead of only one. It's not a big deal, it just makes the game less comfortable at many scenes.- VoicesYou've probably heard already that Chloe has a new voice. You probably still have her accent from LiS inside your head. That's gone. Not a big deal, you could get used to that - the problem is that her new actress just isn't good. At  some points she sounds completely unmotivated and just talks her text down without any motivation at all. Near the end of the game you will also notice heavy breathing and hear clearly that she was standing to close at the microphone.Chloe isn't the only character with a new voice, for example the famous angry David Madsen sounds really soft now.- AnimationsLots of animations look really clunky and unnatural. I wanted to call an exorcist when Rachel was turning her head. In dialogues, characters often lack facial expressions. David gets angry and raises his voice, but his soft and calm expression stays. Until BfS I never noticed what a killer missing facial expressions can be.- Paradoxes and other minor flawsFor example, there's a photo of pirate Chloe and pirate Max hanging in Chloe's living room. However, the Max with the eyepatch on the photo isn't the young Max we know from flashbacks, but the old Max you play as in LiS.In Chloe's diary entry about a schoolmate she writes something such as ""He's exactly like my class schedule. We have history, but no chemistry."" You can read this while following the task ""Go to your chemistry class.""The game is full of those details.- Chloe's characterAlright, Chloe's a rebel. But sometimes it's just too much. In the beginning of the game you can look at a knife stuck inside a wooden wall and Chloe says something like ""This looks exactly like the knife my mom didn't want to buy me for my birthday."" She also likes tossing items just to the ground after using them, even if she borrowed them from a friend few seconds ago. I mean, come on...- DialoguesSome dialogues actually make me cringe. I won't go into details here due to possible spoilers. There's a new feature which enables you to argue with people. Everytime you have to persuade someone, just look out for the ""arguing"" sign and you know that's the way to go. It triggers a minigame like in Monkey Island, where your enemy delivers a statement and you have to counter with a fitting insult. Despite the fact that everyone beyond twelve years of age knows that you basically lose an argument as soon as you just start insulting your opponent, the arguing dialogues are just the worst in the game. They are just completely incoherent. You answer to a statement and suddenly your opponent starts about a completely different matter. After winning the minigame, it always seems to me like people stop arguing because they are annoyed by Chloes inability to argue, not because she ""won"". But of course Chloe had to be as rebel as possible and so it works in the game's context.Furthermore, the reactions and answers of characters sometimes don't seem logical at all.- Other charactersExcept for Chloe and Rachel, the characters in this game mostly completely lack depth. You meet them, they start talking about a topic, you choose one or two answers, you go on with the game. I don't even remember what we talked about.I didn't like Rachel at all until the ending of the episode, but that's just my personal opinion.- ExplorationRemember how you strolled around in LiS, trying to find out everything about the world and its inhabitants? Trying to find motives for a good photo? It's almost non-existent in BfS. Chloe's a rebel and there's a stage play coming up at school. Everything you'll find are some posters about drug abuse and the upcoming stage play, without giving you any more information. Instead of taking photos, you can draw graffitis at walls now. There's a graffiti in every scene, so you just walk along walls until you find the spot to get your achievement.Now, some more positive aspects:+ ClothesAfter the intro you have to change clothes. You can choose the outfit you want to wear during the episode. There are two different T-shirts in the base game, you unlock three more outfits if you buy the deluxe edition and you can play as classic Chloe (without blue hair) if you preordered the game.- I probably don't have to mention that this feature is just a huge cashgrab for Square Enix. It's a neat feature anyway.+ SoundtrackJust like LiS, BfS has a nice indie rock soundtrack which fits well into the game.- Remember the scenes in LiS, where you just enjoyed the scenery and a nice song to it? They are in BfS too, but somehow they don't seem to fit into the game or they were just executed half-heartedly. They are nice to have anyway.+ GameplayWell, the gameplay won't surprise you. If you liked the gameplay of LiS and can live without time travel puzzles, you'll be satisfied.+ New ideasAfter the cool intro and the unfortunately very tedious middle part, the developers suddenly had their own ideas in the end and this is where the game finally shine. This might be a little spoiler, but there's a difference between Max and Chloe. While Max was very calm, Chloe can become very angry. At some part in the game it suddenly gets emotional, and instead of only showing Chloe's emotions, you actually get to live out Chloe's emotions. And it feels great.The arguing minigame is actually quite exciting, despite it's obvious lack of logic.For each graffiti, you can choose between two different messages which will also show up in your graffiti diary. Neat little gimmick.+ The endingJust like every LiS episode, episode 1 of BfS has a great ending. It didn't only leave me sitting with my mouth open, it actually sent a chill down my spine.Conclusion:If it wasn't for the first 20 minutes and especially the last 20 minutes of the episode (3.5 hours in total), I would actually give the game a clear thumb down. I give it a ""meh"" rating. It has very obvious flaws, but it's quite enjoyable if you're a LiS fan."
,Recommended,554620,34641827,Posted: 31 August,all,Infected Horror,"★ A beautiful, emotional return to Arcadia Bay ★Words cannot describe how incredible Deck Nines take on the Life Is Strange universe is.It feels so good to be back at Arcadia Bay, the opening scene made me smile so much, badass Chloe Price better than ever! Again, the soundtrack, The settings, the storyline, the character development on ALL characters returning and new..  Perfect in every way.A new feature in Deck Nines version called Backtalk is my favorite in any story-driven game. I hope Don't Nod take this and use it for Life Is Strange 2. I would go so far to say I prefer this type of feature than the rewind ability. Whilst they are completely different and unrelatable I'd rather see more features going ahead with the backtalk than some crazy magical power.I find it difficult to think someone would play this and dislike it.I find it difficult to think people have never heard of this game before.I have never felt such emotions and have never felt so attatched to a world and the characters in it. I really hope Deck Nine choose to continue expanding on the Life Is Strange universe once this series is up.IT'S HELLA GOOD TO BE BACK.....But you made me cry againThank you Deck Nine ♥"
76561198046996471,Recommended,554620,34639341,Posted: 31 August,all,Hacksaw,"Graphics quality: low, medium, high,hella high10/10 goty"
76561198053164622,Recommended,554620,34783418,Posted: 6 September,all,Betrayer Of Hope,"If you loved Life Is Strange, you'll love this. It's that simple."
,Recommended,554620,34641138,Posted: 31 August,all,н σ я s ι ε,i cried.... again.
,Recommended,554620,34778734,Posted: 6 September,all,QuentHolmes,"Manly tears were shed, again."
,Recommended,554620,34677438,Posted: 1 September,all,♥ sarah is strange [HK],"It is not easy to make a good prequel on top of an already-established story, especially when it was made by another studio (Dontnod), but I think DeckNine nailed it. And one important note about this game - You should not play this if you have not played Season One.Before the launch, as big fans we complained about the change of VAs and details like Chloe switching from left-handed to right-handed etc...but after finishing episode one, this game indeed still feels awesome to me. The atmosphere is consistent and graphics are much better than Season One, however there are some desync and audio bugs for some of the dialogues.Rachel is a difficult and complicated character first introduced in season one. In season one in Max's perspective, we could only see Rachel with a troubled personal life, bad influence to Chloe and a famous Blackwell queen. I actually hated her in Season One.  In this game,  the developers so far has managed to portray such complicated character just right - being complicated but also likeable by us at the same time. And now I see why Chloe could possibly like Rachel in her persepctive.Everyone is good and bad in some ways. Even Max, she isn't perfect for ignoring Chloe when she needed her most. That's why Chloe sees Rachel as her angel, when Rachel would potentially be her bad inlluence.  I think we will see the darker side of Rachel in later episodes.Also:I have been reading paragraphs of message from friends who love Life is Strange and play this prequel. There are some disappointments about the story and immersion and Indeed I think care less about the choices that I made in this game than Season One, and less immersed. I don't feel very sad when I think I should have.Despite giving a positive rating, I won't give it a rating scale out of ten until the game is finished. Feel free to check back later :)"
,Recommended,554620,34772130,Posted: 6 September,all,MDL,Hella high graphics.Hella good music.Hella good story.Hella good characters.Can't wait EP 2 Next Month [maybe] feels like foreverVERY VERY RECOMMENDED
,Recommended,554620,35154878,Posted: 23 September,all,Sandman Fu,I want my homie Max back.
,Recommended,554620,34644855,Posted: 31 August,all,Novakyad,"So far from what I've played, this game is superb and is lit, like hella lit.The story of Chloe is what suprises me the most, never thought I love this character.Plus, seeing what is happening so far gives me hope for the other two episodes.I give LiS:Before the Storm my approval stamp.Would recommend to everyone to play or atleast try out."
,Recommended,554620,34646149,Posted: 31 August,all,RAGNOS #ADC,"DISCLAIMER #1:The review you are about to read is based on my own experience and my own and personal judgement! I did not take any of the facts from other reviews and/or from other people's opinions. This review is also 100% spoiler free, so you don't need to worry about that either.DISCLAIMER #2:This review is based on my own rating scale from 0-100. If the final score equals 50 or less points, I consider it as ""Not Recommended"". The review is divided into five basic theme based subjects, which you will find below. Every subject will have a score based from 0-20. So that's five subjects with maximum of 20 points, equaling 100 in total. I guess its a nice way to keep everything organized and clean looking. Also that way you can easily find what you are looking for.Gameplay and Movement Controls -- 17 out of 20Everyone pretty sure expected the classic gameplay style from the very first game. Life is Strange: Before the Storm is based on the Unity Engine, so the team had to re-do the whole gameplay thingie for this game. I must admit that I was very used to the new gameplay feeling from the start. Overal mouse control is pretty weird I must say. It feels like the mouse is working sometimes flawelesly and sometimes it just doesn't register the movement right away. This may confuse some people that would like to have a precise movement and feeling to it. I'm pretty sure it has to do with the engine itself, since almost all games that are based on the Unity engine have the same input delay issue. At least in my own experience while playing them.Graphics and Sound Quality -- 20 out of 20Graphics are pretty solid. They couldn't have done the whole graphics thingie better. Once you are in the game you are really invested in it. Almost all sequences are looking pretty rock solid and even better than most AAA titles today, which is surprising to say the least. They really captured everything as it should be. So far the sound quality is awesome, soundtrack and everything else is pure art as in the first Life is Strange.Performance and Optimization -- 20 out of 20As for the performance I didn't run into any major issues so far on my PC which is sporting Core i5-6600, GTX970 and 8GB of RAM. Loading times are lightning fast, altho the game is installed on my SSD. Reloading Checkpoints is instant, while moving from one sequence to another one takes like 1-2 seconds to load. However, there are a few dips in framerate at certain places, but that's nothing to worry about really. You won't even notice it if you don't have FPS measurement software running in the background. Which in my case is always on. It's not the stutter, it's the dip from let's say 120FPS to 70FPS and then again it's back at 120FPS. It might be the streaming of content. I didn't really notice this until I turned on the framerate measuremenet tool. But I think it's worth noting.Story and Replayability -- 20 out of 20Episode 1 is an awesome introduction to Rachel Amber's character. Chloe's young character is a masterpiece in every aspect, at least so far. It's really shaping up to be a great game as a whole if they continue it this way. I just hope they won't ruin the remaining two episodes of this game, that'd be the disaster. As for the replayability I consider myself as a big fan of the series, and since I replayed the first Life is Strange like five times already, I think that replayability for this game will be as good aswell. I can't really comment much on the story, since it's the very first episode, but as soon as the next episodes are released, I'm gonna update the review accordingly.Animations and Interaction -- 17 out of 20I'm really digging the new look of the interaction in Life is Strange: Before the Storm. They put the W, S, A and D icons for each interaction like they did on console versions of the very first Life is Strange. While the first game featured kind of ""mouse selection"" feature to interact with things, here you are using the mouse only to click on things and then use the keyboard to do the rest, which is a nice touch in my opinion. Animations are perfect, except in a few instances where they are kind of reset for a second and then everything continues as it should. For example, while you are watching a cutscene everythng is great. However, when you are actually controling the character sometimes when the dialogue is going on there are some weird glitches that appear on characters while switching from one scene to another. What I mean exactly is that sometimes characters are reset to their starting position for one second, then everything continues as usual. This was not present in the first Life is Strange at all.Final Score and Conclusion -- 94 out of 100Life is Strange: Before the Storm seems like an awesome package. At least for me it's probably gonna be close to the first one on the story side of things. But, if we take a deep look into the overal quality of the package, I must admit that Life is Strange: Before the Storm won't ever be able to beat the original Life is Strange. To be honest I didn't really expect this sequel to beat it at all. I mean it's being developed by the second developer. Mad props to Deck Nine for creating such an awesome game, I'm really looking forward towards the next two episodes. Is it worth the money? Hella YES! I would throw my wallet at the screen during the announcement again!"
,Recommended,554620,35210405,Posted: 25 September,all,Jason,"Loved the story so far, can't wait for the next episodes..."
,Recommended,554620,34645677,Posted: 31 August,all,Ben D.Knee,"10/10 :)OMFG! I Missed Chloe ! I Missed This Game ! Musics..Atmosphere..Art Style!I Missed Every Single Part About This Game!Life Is Strange Will Make You ""strangely emotional"" that you might even ♥♥♥♥ing cry :| !!!Thank god this turned out good..No Frame Rate Problem!Game Runs At 60fps in hella high!do yourself a favor. Play it. <3"
76561198065023947,Recommended,554620,34982248,Posted: 15 September,all,AwkwardGhost,This game is amazing! Can't wait for the rest of the story!
,Recommended,554620,34700397,Posted: 2 September,all,MasterLeoTheInvincible,Hella damn good
76561198296193882,Recommended,554620,34764936,Posted: 5 September,all,Moody,even without the time travel michanic. the game still amazingP.S. I miss max sooo much
,Recommended,554620,34692646,Posted: 2 September,all,Gatsu,A hella amazing game. Deck Nine made a perfect prequel to the best game ever made... It gave the feels. Outstanding soundtrack and voice acting. I can't wait for the next episode...
,Recommended,554620,35218371,Posted: 26 September,all,a gigglepuss!,"Let's be real, if you played Life is Strange you're probably starved for any way to revisit our favorite heroines and would buy this game even if it were rated ""Overwhelmingly Negative"". The good news is that you don't really have to worry about that. This is a good game, though it lacks the ambitious exposition of the original. While Life is Strange violently plunged you into a world of secrets and conflict armed with a rewind button, Before the Storm focuses on smaller, and maybe more mundane happenings of Aradia Bay like teen angst, familial strife, betrayal, and the fast formed bond between two very different girls. Without the superpowers of her best friend Max, Chloe's tale in Before the Storm shapes up to be a much more intimate, personal, and human tale than the original."
,Recommended,554620,34644784,Posted: 31 August,all,Chloe Price™,"First game ever from Deck Nine Games, and it is the best way to continue the successfull road from Dontnod! I can't describe with words how great this prequel is and its just one episode so far! I love you from the deepest part of my heart and soul Deck Nine for making this! 10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34726842,Posted: 3 September,all,FrontlinerDelta,"While there is only one episode to base this review off, I'm gonna go ahead and say that this game has lived up to expectations.If you wanted to play more LiS and also explore more about the Chloe/Rachel relationship, they nailed it. Even with a new voice actress for Chloe, you can barely tell and completely forget about 20 min or so, she does a great job. Almost all recurring characters have new voices with varying amounts of success at portraying the original but Chloe's is the best that can possibly be expected.There's some great little sequences and if you take your time with the game and really enjoy the scenes, it runs about 4 hours or so for episode 1."
,Recommended,554620,34777873,Posted: 6 September,all,先进反科学质量效应场,NEVER EVER TRUST IGN 's judgement on Life Is Strange series !!IGN is not able to understand such wonderful games and is always negative about this series !
,Recommended,554620,34760604,Posted: 5 September,all,Allen,"I loved the first Life is Strange game, it's one of my favorite games I've ever played. Mostly because of the relatable characters. the art style, amazing soundtrack and the fact that the people behind the games have taken a big risk by making games about high school girls, even tho those type of games are rarely popular.It's shame to see people hating the game because of they know what is going to happen to Rachel after all this, but guess what, people die, after every story (Unless it's a story about immortal people or something, I dunno.) I wanna know how that happens in Rachel's case and I wanna know more about her as a character and how she changed Chloe as a person so much. It's not important what's going to happen in the end, the journey how we get there is more important.Also people who are hating the game, because they hate Chloe as a character. (I don't understand you, but it's okay.) Personally Chloe is a really important character for me, she has tons of flaws for sure, but that's what makes her interesting, more interesting protagonist that Max ever was, even when Max had her time traveling powers. Max's only flaw was basically that she was a shy girl, she didn't have any childhood trauma, she had basically nothing about her to make her interesting in any way. Just like every other Tv-Serie/Movie/Anime protagonist, but that makes her relatable for many people, which makes it okay. But I think it's a good change to get a character with more depth than that for once.Also people who think Chloe doesn't have big ol' crush on Rachel, what are you even doing here. I think it's ridiculous how after all the billion times that Chloe talked about Rachel in the first game all ""You're putting it mildly"" when Max said that ""[Rachel] was obviously a good friend."" Some of you still manage to think they are just some good pair of gal pals....Whatever floats your boat, I guess.If you hate the cringey voice lines... well... I'm not going to say anything. Except for me it really makes the game and makes the game little bit less serious tbh.But yeah, I'm going to approve this game for now. The first episode was great, I love the new facial animations and lip synch is much better than in the first game. Graphics look the same, so that's cool. Soundtrack is amazing, fits into the game very well. Story is interesting so far and the new characters are great. I've really got nothing bad to say right now, but feel free to prove me wrong."
76561198154743978,Recommended,554620,34987986,Posted: 15 September,all,MrNoirShade52,Has some cringey moments but other than that it's a decent game.
76561198010195865,Recommended,554620,35105695,Posted: 21 September,all,Queegon,"As a continuity of a game for the first installment, thumbs up.As far as the story goes...eh, I guess.As far as the mechanics go... Max could reverse time, teleport in time, change the past and the future. Chloe can...flip people off and use swear words to get what she wants? Not quite the same, no.Wish I could leave a neutral recommendation overall. Still, recommended for those who played and enjoyed the first LiS."
,Recommended,554620,34771509,Posted: 6 September,all,Handsome Thane,10/10Would Roleplay with Mikey and Steph again
,Recommended,554620,34689277,Posted: 2 September,all,Dr.Unfähig,"Life is Strange: Before the Storm is a prequel for the 2015 released Life is Strange.It's a story driven game that's all about the characters and their developement. As it gets very emotional, it might bring you to tears (again).Also without the rewinding time mechanice it is a lot of fun. I didn't even miss it during playing also when I was sceptical when I heard it's not gonna be in the game before, because it was the core gameplay feature in Life is Strange.I didn't expect Before the Storm to be nearly as good as Life is Strange but the devs have shown that there's so much more potential for more stories around Arcadia Bay.At this point only the first of three in total episodes is released. It took me around three hours to complete.The end of the first episode is leaving us with a lot of questions and I can't wait for the second episode to be released!Life is Strange: Before the Storm is a worthy prequel for Life is Strange. Whether you played the previous game or not, be sure to get it if you like narrative games."
,Recommended,554620,34637897,Posted: 31 August,all,dartvader316,Even unity didnt ruined this masterpiece
,Not Recommended,554620,34657160,Posted: 1 September,all,Ante,"Truly a shame there are no ""meh"" options for a review, because that's how I would rate this prequel. Don't get me wrong, the game in and of itself isn't bad at all, that's why I'd still recommend it to those who played the original Life is Strange, but I can't recommend it to newcomers, and I really didn't get into it as much as the first Life is Strange which is a pretty big deal breaker for a narrative story-driven game. I'll explain myself.A prequel to Life is StrangeTo me, the real problem of the game is the fact it's a prequel. Normally that wouldn't be much of a problem, but this game takes way too many plot elements for granted. In Deck Nine's eyes, the players are supposed to know what has happen, but granted they played the first game. And that's not really good, because a lot of Chloe's reactions and behaviors are obvious to the players of the first Life is Strange, but are barely explained in Before the Storm, which will make it hard for new players to identify to Chloe or any other characters in the game.For example, Chloe's father's death, which is the most important plot element to understand how Chloe feels, why she behaves the way she does and pretty much everything Chloe-related, is barely explained or examplified! The first hints of his death are way past the first scene and even then, they are just hints, nothing truly hitting and powerful that would indicate from the beginning who is Chloe and where she is coming from. The dreams do help to get the point accross, but areto mea cheap way to explain it, especially when you know that William died 2 years prior to the story, making Chloe's grief a bit too great.The same goes for pretty much every settings elements that would be vital to the characters' credibility: they are barely explained in the game, if not barely explained at all (Like Max's departure is really only mentioned in Chloe's notebook that newcomers might not even pay attention to. The same goes for Chloe following Rachel: if I didn't know they were supposed to be best friends from the first game, I would have had no reason to ditch school with her). And I now that, yes, they are still explained in a way or another, but the reason those explainations felt sufficient to most of the players is because they already played the first game, and that's not good story-telling. I really feel like Deck Nine is taking the plot for granted and that's truly disappointing.Obnoxious Chloe is obnoxiousAnd that's the second point I take issue with. This might just be because the game is sloppily written, but the character of Chloe is pretty annoying at times. When Chloe behaves like a selfish brat she is unbearable, not only to every other characters of the game, but also to the player (or at least to me), which is pretty unpleasant. Playing a character for which you have no empathy is just not possible, as you can't identify to her, and takes you out of the experience.This is a problem I sort of had since the project was announced, as Chloe was to me a generally not-so-likeable character from the start, and though I thought seeing her story through her eyes and not Max' would be a good idea, I had fears Chloe would be obnoxious when playing... And she is. Now don't get me wrong, she actually has her moments, and the game managed to be touching at times. Chloe is a fleshed-out character and indeed deserves a game, but I fail to always direct my empathy towards her. A notable example of this lack of empathy towards her is when she talks down to her mother and David, who are right in about every word they say. And the games forces the player to play it sarcasticly or straight out mean to them, which just shows how much of a selfish brat Chloe is: an obnoxious teenage girl that doesn't deserve my empathy.Plot holes and the illusion of choiceIn addition to my first point, the fact the game barely or badly sets the story fills it with problems and plot holes, where the game forces the player to follow a path, which manages to ruin the illusion of choice.For the plot holes, most of them are mentionned above, but some of the biggest are Chloe's hatred for her stepdad David and the fact Chloe follows Rachel without even really knowing her. Worst of all, the game forces the player to think there is some kind of romantic relationship between the two. I'm not saying it's not plausible, but the game introduces it so badly that when you have the option to tell Rachel you love her, there really is nothing pushing you to do it other than the game telling you to. We end up with a very fast-paced game, relationship-wise, where the popular girl and the rebel-tomboy-depressed-girl #134 go together on an adventure and experience love in 2 hours of knowing each other for apparently no reason. And the fact they both decide out of the blue to gtfo from Arcadia Bay makes no sense. Not only because Chloe has things that would refrain her from leaving, but also because you realise they are 16 years old teenagers that thinks their daddy were mean to them and ""left"" them (in the case of Chloe that might be understandable, but Rachel's reason is really dumb imo). As for David, Chloe can indeed not like him because she sees him as a bad substitution of her dad that her mom has, but she has no rational reason to want him dead, which she underlines like 10 times in her head in the 5 minutes interraction there is between the two.These plot holes come and break the illusion of choice, making you feel that any decision you take is pointless. Like, saying to the pinciple you'll meet him after class right before the gameforces youto follow Rachel and ditch school, making this decision to meet the pinciple absolutely pointless, if not to make everything worse for the rest of the season. Plus, you really don't have any reason to do it if not for the fact the two of them are supposed to be best friends by the time of the original game. The fact it is a prequel also renders all the choices you make in relation with Rachel useless as you know how it will end. In the end I truly felt like many of my choices were pointless, which is a real shame for such a game.Backtalking, more like sh*ttalkingThe new mechanic of backtalk is really not that good in practice. In theory it sounded nice, but I don't see how she manages to convince anyone just by insulting them. Plus, it's apparently a minigame where you could theoretically fail, but I don't see how you can fail such easy task.Blurry backgroundsThe game has somewhat the same graphics as before, but lack the novelty and is sometimes quite... ugly. The game should'nt zoom on objects, because the simple and cartoony graphics are blurry when looking too close, and sometimes the image truly wasn't pleasant to look. In general, though, the graphics work well and looking at a landscape is quite charming.Indie musicThe music was really pleasant to listen to, and the sountrack is well-chosen by Deck Nine, really soothing and suiting for the game's atmosphere.A voice of reasonThe voice acting is pretty good, especially for character such as Chloe's mom or David. It's a shame that the original Chloe voice actor left, though the new one is sort of good.Last wordsMy rating might change according to the future two episodes, but right now I can't recommend it to people who haven't played the original game. It's not bad, it's just that it's not that good and it's a shame to see such potential wasted in sloppy writing that takes the settings for granted."
76561198128310304,Recommended,554620,35011735,Posted: 16 September,all,JetBlack7,AMAZING! I hope the rest of the episodes stay this good! I love this game series and I wish it never had to end..
,Not Recommended,554620,34725934,Posted: 3 September,all,Nolander,"After the first couple of hours I can tell that this isn't going to be as interesting as the original. The first L.I.S. game had a creepy element with an interesting background story and you had superpowers that could warp time. In this series there are no special superpowers... that is unless you count ""edgy"" insults and comebacks as a superpower. Not exactly my idea of exciting.I can't help but be extremely annoyed by the main characters and there's not much depth to the story because it's much more juvenile and written for a younger audience. The game drags you along forcing you to participate in a boring teenage drama series of conversations as you befriend one of the characters. I don't know if there's going to be a twist yet, but so far I feel like I've wasted my money on this sequel."
,Recommended,554620,34638311,Posted: 31 August,all,Cygi,Step 1: Try to make good decisions.Step 2: ♥♥♥♥ everything up.Step 3: Try to fix everything you've screwed up.Step 4: End up ♥♥♥♥ing everything up even worse.Step 5: Lie down.Step 6: Try not to cry.Step 7: Cry a lot.
,Recommended,554620,34735173,Posted: 4 September,all,Farixy,"Life is Strange: Before the Storm came as a nice surprise. When they first announced the game I was skeptical for a handful of reasons, the fact that it's made by Deck Nine and not Dontnod, the fact that Chloe has a new voice actor, and the fact that the game is a prequel to a story-driven game, which is not easy to pull off. But after playing the first episode all these worries I had went away.Deck Nine did a fantastic job on the game so far, the story is emotional, the graphics while not being the best in the world fits perfectly for the game and it's setting, and the music and sound effects are on point, making the game feel ""alive"" is one way to put it I guess.The game runs great and I haven't encountered any glitches or bugs (That I've noticed).If you liked the first game I can't recommend this enough. Truly a unique gaming experience!"
,Recommended,554620,34836211,Posted: 9 September,all,HЭLLЪФЯИ,"As a fan of the orginal game I was afraid that this game couldn`t live up to the potential, but it totally does."
,Recommended,554620,34720607,Posted: 3 September,all,☠ςнℓσє ρяιςє☠,"WoowI was not a big fan of LIS, but this game is hella awesome! You can do here more things than in other games. Sadly, the game story is only 3 episode, but on the bright side one episode took me a 3 hours and now with bonus DLC episode it can be almost same as the first LIS.Playing as a Chloe is pretty interesting, you can risk and fight with someone to force them to back off. You will meet Rachel Amber which is the most popular girl on school and now she wants to be a friend with Chloe, because Chloe is different than others and she's ""Badass"". Rachel Amber is quite interesting person, I would like have her as a friend too :)We know that Chloe has a new voice actor and yes I've noticed that, but she's younger than in first LIS, so I think it fits to her. This game have awesome graphic, atmosphere and emotions are here too. Reminder on her hand is pretty creative, instead of photos you can make graffiti, which is more fun than photos and they are easier to find. Also there's another thing, you have to use mouse and keyboard for conversations, I rather prefer the old controlling like in first LIS, but it's not a big deal.I can't wait for next episode :)I definitely recommend this gamehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1125041571http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1125041385http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1128902715"
,Recommended,554620,35276275,Posted: 28 September,all,Gelrant,"When I heard about 'Before the Storm', I was afraid that it wouldn't be like the first one. I'm glad that I was wrong.Even when you joined the game and heard the main menu theme, you'll know that is so 'Life is Strange'."
,Recommended,554620,34642584,Posted: 31 August,all,FortificatioN,"Life is Strange: Before the StormThe original ""Life is Strange"" is one of my all time favourites and so far this game does not disappoint. Just like its predecessor what this game has managed to do in the first episode alone is something that much larger and more costly games often lack and that is deliver an interesting and gripping story.Brief Overview- Beautiful visuals- Great voice acting- Wonderful soundtrackBelow are two screenshots from the game. (no spoilers)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1124874053http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1124873976"
,Recommended,554620,34970777,Posted: 15 September,all,Seaver,I liked everything...And there are so many feels...
76561197977685912,Not Recommended,554620,34728879,Posted: 3 September,all,Booleanbling,"THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE FIRST EPISODE SO FARI loved the first life is strange set of games. Max was an interesting, likeable protagonist navigating a truly strange set of circumstances while at the same time navigating adolescence. I thought the rewind mechanic was incredible and really set it apart from other adventure type games by adding layers of depth within a specific scene or set of dialogue.Before the storm completely abandons this unique mechanic. It is replaced (sort of) with a kind of minigame where you try to make playground level insults by picking a response related to what is said to you to bully people into doing what you want. Yes, you read that run-on sentence correctly. The results are not even slightly believable: you convince a muscular bouncer to risk his job letting an underage girl into a concert by... telling him you'll beat him up? Calling him names? It is really an atrocious system and destroys the immersion.This brings me to the biggest issue I have with this game. For me, Chloe was an unlikeable turd in the original. A stereotypical rebellious teen acting in ways that will keep her awake at night with embarrassment when she actually grows up. That is all amped up to 100 here. I finished the first episode but I almost didn't, because within the first five minutes of playing Chloe acted like such an insufferable brat that I felt second-hand embarrassment for a fictional character. She is a net negative influence on everyone she knows. The best parts of this game are when Chloe shuts her mouth and lets someone else talk. The only thing that kept me in the game was my curiosity about Rachel.Maybe it will be explained later, but the way Chloe and Rachel come together just sort of happens instantly and for no reason I can tell. Rachel just fawns all over Chloe out of nowhere. I'm assuming this will make more sense at some point, but with only one episode out it feels jarring.I'm not a huge fan of the music in the game but it definitely fits Chloe well, so it serves its purpose.In a technical sense the game is fine and there are one or two really powerful scenes. It continues the first game's overuse of ham-fisted symbolism, so if that kind of thing is what you loved about the first game it is still there.To sum up my feelings about the game, it is the original life is strange without the unique mechanic that truly set it apart,  even more juvenile dialogue and a protagonist I cannot stand. Your mileage may vary."
,Recommended,554620,34644679,Posted: 31 August,all,Chloe Price,"To all the ones who said ""I dont play it, cause it's not by Dontnod"", ""I dont play it cause it's not the same voice actors""""I dont play it cause we know whats gonna happen to Rachel anyway""♥♥♥♥ OFF!!!I had high expectation's at this Game & it completly blew me away!If you're a fan of the first one DONT WAIT A SECOUND ! BUY IT ! PLAY IT ! LOVE IT!I really get why Chloe loved Rachel so much now. They really had something special !I CANT WAIT FOR THE NEXT EPISODES TO COME OUT !!!! ITS SO GOOD !!!"
,Recommended,554620,34770528,Posted: 5 September,all,DavyChones,Here we go. All aboard the feels train...
,Recommended,554620,34646977,Posted: 31 August,all,silvematt,Just PERFECT.Deck Nine scored.
,Recommended,554620,34793776,Posted: 7 September,all,Yui Mizuno,O N L Y  3  E P I S O D E SR E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E E
,Recommended,554620,34985701,Posted: 15 September,all,Sinx,#NotMyDavid
76561198042435925,Recommended,554620,35115971,Posted: 21 September,all,Not again,"I have waited a while for Life is Strange: Before the Storm ... and I am not disappointed after the first episode.This is the prequel to the first part of the series and many people were asking before, if the story can be as good as the first part, because we know where this leeds to. But I have to say ... you know nothing.If you didn't play the first part, after this, there will be some spoilers.In this game you will play as Chloe Price, right after her best friend a.k.a. Max Caulfield, from the first part, left her in Arcadia Bay, a small town in Oregon. Chloe has a hard time, after her father died and now her best friend left, she don't see much sense in life at all, and starts to traunt school and doing drugs. But you will follow her in this game, to find a new friend, and maybe more. To get sense in her life again ... or not.This game is a must have for everyone who enjoyed the first part as much as I did. Don't skip it, because it is a different dev studio or anything. You will definitly miss it.Graphic:7/10The graphic is nice but not exactly a masterpice as it could be. But I think it is to lower the requirments for PC user. At all it is a nice graphic style, more realistic than comic style. And you can often just sit there for a while and enjoy it.Sound:11/10The sound is the hidden thing what makes this game (like the first part) to a real nice game. The sounds absolutly fits to the game and the scenes in it. And it is just to enjoy the whole game even more.Gameplay:9/10The gameplay is simple. It is like an old adventure game. Walk around and explore. And after you explored, decide how the story will go further. In my eyes, you should try your best to be honest to yourself with the decisions. Many decisions demand you to deliberate exactly. How would you choose ... not how your gaming char would choose. Maybe you will surprise yourself with the decisions you made. Criticize I would, that there are too little decisions to made ... because this game lives from this part.Atmosphere:10/10If you sometimes like to get totally lost in a scene ... you are welcome. As said before with the graphic and the sound, this game knows how to create a unique setting, in which you can lost yourself for a moment.Story:10/10As someone who lost his father in his own teenager years, I can completly agree with the story so far. The main char of Chloe Price is absolutly convincing and if you ever had a hard time in your life, you can switch in her role from the very first moment.Overall:10/10Don't miss this game ... go straight forward ... buy it ... and enjoy it!"
,Recommended,554620,34747993,Posted: 4 September,all,kvk1,"Don't let the fact that it's a prequel, that Max isn't here, etc. dissuade you from this game.If you liked Life Is Strange this will grab you just the same."
,Recommended,554620,34697472,Posted: 2 September,all,UnknownMercenary,hella gay 11/10
76561198039979390,Recommended,554620,34837117,Posted: 9 September,all,dantares83,the feels!
,Recommended,554620,34658376,Posted: 1 September,all,iAdm,Max is time masterChloe is backtalk edgelord
76561198051638000,Recommended,554620,34729938,Posted: 4 September,all,Revenger,"They really did put the spirit of Life is Strange into this prequel, the story is rich, the music is amazing, the character are great and it's just a enjoyable game to play, i loved it!"
,Recommended,554620,34645495,Posted: 31 August,all,Nozza,"Any doubts I had were blown out of the water. Episode 1 was a great start and I think this is just as good as the original game. The soundtrack is produced by Daughter (smashing choice) and fits the aesthetic very well.I have to say the graphical detail, facial animations and lip sync have all improved significantly, I know that was a concern for some people with the first game but I don't think thats an issue anymore!Enjoyed learning about Chloe's past and how she met Rachel, its a very fitting prequel idea that doesn't feel forced and appears to be well executed. Heres hoping the next two episodes (plus the bonus episode!) match or surpass the fantastic start. This franchise is hella good.10 bottles/10"
76561198198600659,Recommended,554620,34646268,Posted: 31 August,all,Aircraft 🐧,"What a great game again, full of details and metaphors. Soundtrack is insane again. Topic is even more intense.Hella good Job Deck9"
,Recommended,554620,34649756,Posted: 31 August,all,·Ｐｒｉｎｃｅｓｓ Ｗｅｓｋｅｒ·,This game makes you a lesbian. No questions asked.
,Recommended,554620,34642533,Posted: 31 August,all,Ailurophile.,"I'm not crying, you're crying... Shut up!420/10"
,Recommended,554620,34694506,Posted: 2 September,all,Nosferatu,"If you're a fan of the first Life is Strange, you'll like this. Even if you're not familiar with Life is Strange, this is still a great game. Though it seems a bit pricey at $17 for 3 episodes, I would wait until it goes on sale if you're interested."
76561198002541271,Recommended,554620,34760777,Posted: 5 September,all,Mymusicmanager,"Holy wow, this game... So far it has given me everything I was hoping for, and then some.Love the storyLove the VALove the teamLove the musicLove everythingAbsolute 10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34642992,Posted: 31 August,all,Alexander Pistoletov,AmberPrice > PriceField
,Recommended,554620,34640510,Posted: 31 August,all,Doctor 不幸 Future,"My thoughts on Life is Strange Before the StromAfter finishing the first episode i can say the new developer Deck Nine made a very good job and its their first game btw.The atmosphere and the soundtrack is just right and can be compared with the work from the orignal developer Dontnod Entertainment.Its a episode game so i can't make a full review yet, all i can tell you is that the gameplay are more interactive with the dialogue with the new ""Backtalk"" feature. And i want to mention you can costumize your outfit as Chloe :3I almost fortgot the feels train is back again."
,Recommended,554620,34656302,Posted: 1 September,all,♥ Vee ♥,"It's just as good as the original Life is Strange, new Backtalk mechanic makes up for absence of Time Rewinding ability of Max. If you like Chloe more than Max you might like this game even more than you liked the original game."
,Recommended,554620,34670197,Posted: 1 September,all,Lucky Shot,"The first episode was really good and very emotional. It lasts for around 2,5 hours (I was afk too many times during playing this game, hence why it shows that I've played it for 5,8 hours). I'm not sure if my choices actually have consequences, but I guess I'll find out in the next episodes. I have the deluxe edition, but I can't comment about it yet, at least not until I play the bonus episode - the mixtape mode and the outfits are pretty worthless though."
76561198014781962,Recommended,554620,34643162,Posted: 31 August,all,Woofling Howl,<333333333333333
,Not Recommended,554620,34755186,Posted: 5 September,all,boberro,"**This review is only for those who played original game.If you didn't, go and get it - it's infamous ending is already a symbol of wasted potential, but journey there was great.**First episode is supposed to get you hooked, but this was a bumpy ride. I had to force my self to finish it. Whole episode was one big cringe-fest,with pseudo youth speak , one of the weakest parts of original game, turned into a main game mechanic.After prequel was announced one could only ask themselves why it's even a thing. We know thatLaura PalmerRachel is going to die, we know that she's going to sleep around, we know that Chloe will never know what happened, because she'll bleed out on a floor in the school toilet. Why make a game about what happened before Max came back?It looks like developers don't know neither. If they knew, I think something, anything interesting would be hinted at the end of the episode. Instead we're getting a collage of dramatis personae, suggesting that maybe they'll promise some plot. Or maybe not.Other issue I had with this episode was visual side of it. New studio tried so hard to keep with dontnod's aesthetics, they forgot to make it look good. Photos found around are ugly, but real horror starts when you look at character animations. I'm not 100% if it wasn't an issue in original LiS, but it did stand out a lot in the new one.Will I play it as soon as episode 2 drops? Yes, I already paid for it.Should you buy it yourself? Hella no."
,Recommended,554620,34647927,Posted: 31 August,all,ITechinShield,Crying Simulator 2k17
,Recommended,554620,34653519,Posted: 1 September,all,✪ jon4th4n412,"still, a game that relies on story rather than next gen graphics. They improved mouth movement and some graphics. Overall really a worth it game, I really love seeing the ""Overwhelmingly Postive"" review at the store page. Really super Worth it 9/10."
76561198065043585,Recommended,554620,34770440,Posted: 5 September,all,Unlimited Sushi for $25.95,As if the first Life is Strange didn't make me cry enough.  Honeslty.  If you want amazing story telling with ACTUAL player choice that ACTUALLY impacts the story *cough* telltale *cough* please pick up this game.  You wont regret it
,Recommended,554620,34673299,Posted: 1 September,all,hawthorne007,Since this game came out my skin is clear. My crops are thriving. My grades are up. I have 20/20 vision. The sun is shining. My depression and anxiety are cured.
,Recommended,554620,34669615,Posted: 1 September,all,Grafffiti Poool,Buy this game c:
,Not Recommended,554620,34737763,Posted: 4 September,all,Resonant Drifter,"*There are mild spoilers in this review. This review may change with the upcoming 2 episodes, but I doubt it.*Taking place before the events in the original Life is Strange, this time you take the role of punk rock badass Chloe before she was all punk rock or badass as you guide her through her relationship with the every mysterious Rachel.PROS+ The game is still largely Life is Strange+ Graphics look good+ Voice overs are very well done (even the new Chloe)+ Soundtrack is greatCONS- Boring- Backtalk mini-game feels tacked on- Forced/rushed emotions- There is no game here?- Some animations were weird- Some very cringe-worthy momentsI love the original LiS. I cried three times during the original, unapologetically. Being that invested emotionally in the game, I felt apprehensive when I heard this game was coming out, but I thought if I could get even a small taste of the world of LiS again it would be great. I was wrong.A big problem with this game is it has the ""been there, done that"" feel to it. Yes, it's a prequel taking place in a town you've already been in with people you've already met, but that doesn't mean it can't be fresh. Instead, I felt like I was treading over ground I already coverd. I was having conversations with people I've already talked to. I knew what was going to happen with these people because it was covered in the first game so well, I ignored half the conversations so I could get to the meat of the game, and that part is extremely thin.The ""heart"" of the game is the relationship between Chloe and Rachel, but what relationship? You literally hang out with her for not even two full days and you are supposed to have feelings for this girl that you don't even know? For a game focusing on Chloe's relationship with Rachel, you honestly learn very, very little about Rachel in this episode and what is there is very forced and very rushed.They try to fill in the gaps with conversations with characters around school, but like I said they feel pointless because you've already had them in the first game. Except for a D&D-like mini-game with two new characters (which was the single best part of this game!), many of the conversations I ignored because I felt like I had to go out of the way and slog through exposition that wasn't important to the main focus of the game. Because Chloe doesn't have any powers like Max, she has a Backtalk feature where she can get sassy with certain people but it feels like you can never fail at this and is Square's way of gaming the game. They throw in certain ""choice"" aspects like taking money or not and who you give it to, but they are so on the nose you know what's coming.Overall, the biggest problem with this game is I was bored. I've played a much better game that includes these people and this town, and I had a much better time doing it. If there was an actual game in here, like Chloe going through her normal life while trying to find out who Rachel is and, in the process, earning some emotions for her ultimately connecting with her in the end then I probably would flip my vote. Instead, this game feels like a money grab.Stick with the original."
,Recommended,554620,34641306,Posted: 31 August,all,AliZaI3et,HELLA FUN!ART WORK IS HELLA COOL!SONG&DIALOUGE ARE GREAT10/10 HELLA GOTY
,Recommended,554620,34663161,Posted: 1 September,all,Muffy,Chloe &MaxRachel <3
76561198003184726,Not Recommended,554620,34765537,Posted: 5 September,all,Pebbles,"I'm divided but I'm probably going to side on no. It's not a bad game but it's fairly expensive for what it is and it's bogged down in cruddy denuvo DRM and just annoying little bugs that just diminish it's quality significantly im nearly certain several runtime bugs I encountered were related to the DRM they've decided to impliment. For me I've not once been able to connect to the severs, this is just sorta handwaved by the developers, not to mention odd character animations and slighty off in places, in the VA line delivery there is a noticable popping in the audio and small framerate stutters that just off putting enough to distract me.The story hasn't gripped me in the same way that the original LiS did the mystery dosen't seem all that deep because their isn't anything that unusual to be seen yet, and while it's nostalgic to encounter these characters again it's really pandering to fanservice.However I will give big props to the D&D segment I did enjoy that."
,Recommended,554620,34646566,Posted: 31 August,all,Paxnos,"It is really good. If you've played Life is Strange, treat yoself with this. I was (cautiously) optimistic, but it really does feel like Life is Strange. Deck Nine Games have done a great job with Episode 1!(Obviously, I can't say how Episodes 2 & 3 will be)Some notes:- The new voice for Chloe is good! The recasting due to the voice actors' strike doesn't bother me at all. It's a good and believable replacement for the younger Chloe.- The character writing is good as well, both for Chloe's lines and thoughts.- The chemistry between Rachel and Chloe feels the way the original Life is Strange makes you think.- There obviously is no time travel, but they introduced a fun ""special power"" Chloe has, and it fits her character and the game really well.- Revisiting known locations and characters was perfectly woven into the debute episode, as well as references to Max and some iconic character traits that will be referenced ""later"" in the original.- The first episode was longer than I expected!- The music is great!- Overall, the game really has a soul, which is probably what made us Life is Strange fans fall in love with it in the first place."
,Recommended,554620,34667437,Posted: 1 September,all,RayZ,"Go buy this game if you love LIS.Story: best part, no complains. well written, imo. lots of emotions, very powerful moments. the story helps you get the main character better. it makes LIS (2015) storyline even saddest. new characters are nice.PC Game: Good PC port, Unity is a good choice. tho, need work - stuttering like hell(a), and I'm gaming with GTX 1080 TI \ 980M.Animation is better. characters expressions are now finally in sync with the dialogs.Amazing. overall 8/10.Waiting for the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34660301,Posted: 1 September,all,¡ Midnight ¡,This game is amazing but it's such a bummer that we know rachel eventually dies :(but that doesn't make it any less of a hella of a game <3
,Recommended,554620,34645616,Posted: 31 August,all,SupercarFan,I didnt think it would be this good.. Buy the game now
,Recommended,554620,34656655,Posted: 1 September,all,|T-D| » HunterZ,"Played the first game.Depressions incoming.Had a nice year, winter was great, really cool summer.No more depressions.Life is Strange 2 gets announced.Instant preorder.Freaking happy.Good time continues.31.09.17, never clicked a ""Install""-button so fast.Start playing.""Wow graphics and stuff is great""""Haha Chloe is so cool and funny""""Man so colourful and stuff""Played ~ 3 hours.Episode ends.""Well. fml"""
76561198144842281,Recommended,554620,34765211,Posted: 5 September,all,The Real Fallen,"Completely blew all my expectations and its only the first episode....Wow, the nostalgia, I had forgotten. if you enjoyed LiS, buy this game, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,554620,35036321,Posted: 17 September,all,BloodPSTL,I have never been so emotionally affected by a game series in my life... Great game.
,Recommended,554620,35121980,Posted: 22 September,all,2sBs,"Deck Nine is living up to the original Life is Strange in every way with this prequel. The character writing, the story so far, the atmosphere and the environment lives up to the original work of DONTNOD. While we already know the fates of the characters, this new look from Chloe's perspective is a great experience, and already in the first episode it is clear to see that this series will be definitely worth playing through as a Life is Strange fan. I personally cannot wait until the release of the next 2 episodes."
,Recommended,554620,35368412,Posted: 1 October,all,UnsaFest Bro,"Life is Strange: Before the Stormis the prequel to the game Life is Strange. The story takes place 3 years before the first game and this time you play as Chloe Price. The game is different than the first one as you no longer have any rewind abilities but you do have a new backtalk thing which is nice.It's developed by a new developer, Deck Nine, and they did a pretty good job. The visuals are better than the previous game and the story is also intriguing. Episode 1 was good so far. Each episode takes about 2 to 3 hours depending on how you play.Some things I don't like is that you don't have enough interactions with the world as you did in the first game. And there are some minor stuttering here and there but not a big issue and I hope they'll optimize the game with episode 2 release.So far the game was solid and I'm hyped for the next episodes.Should you buy this game?Well I do recommend it but I would say to wait for some time as you only have 1 episode released at the moment. And who knows it might be on sale too ! Also if you've never played the first one, then I highly recommend you to play before playing this one !"
,Recommended,554620,34643827,Posted: 31 August,all,BigStoucheMcGee,"Old characters are still amazing.New characters are amazing.Story is Amazing.Humour is top notch.Voice acting is amazing.Graphics are amazing.Gameplay is amazing.Feels were felt.Hats off to Deck Nine and Ashly Burch.11/10Ready for the mosh pit, shaka brah."
,Recommended,554620,34690955,Posted: 2 September,all,xTBolt,Just buy it.It's life is strange
,Recommended,554620,34666456,Posted: 1 September,all,Ḱńíǵhtćŕáẃĺéŕ,"Life Is Strange: Before The Storm Episode 1 ReviewPros: Chloe Is A Lovable Renegade Of A ProtagonistBacktalk Mechanic Is A Perfect Match For Chloe & Makes Decisions Far More ImpactfulExcellent SoundtracksIt's Great To Be Back In Arcadia BayEvocative Setting & CharactersGreat Chemistry Between Chloe & RachelSets A Good Foundation For Things To ComeProgressive & Emotional ThemesExcellent Use Of Small & Large Scale Decision Making, That Ensures The Lack Of Traditional Gameplay Is Not A Problem. Well-Drawn Characters & Great PresentationSoundtrack Perfectly Fits The Changing EmotionsStunning Art StyleBetter Lip SyncingCons: I Miss Ashly BurchSo Far I Just Love This Game.What An Awesome Game.Can't Wait For The Next Episode,Oh! Man I'm Hyped.Rating:9.8/10"
76561198055837109,Recommended,554620,34642577,Posted: 31 August,all,ThroneX,Hellahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SADdoGtvpAc
,Not Recommended,554620,34808681,Posted: 7 September,all,Chokey the deepthroating gerbil,life is cringe
76561198165009367,Recommended,554620,34969390,Posted: 15 September,all,TheRealist,"Before the Storm, there was Fire.Kudos to the team behind this amazing game. Life is Strange proved games with 1000 GBs of size and Graphics which super computers can load, is not the real deal. Elements which made this game awesome is the simple and absolute graphics, character models, and of course the soundtracks. Keep doing this great work.Thanks to you."
,Recommended,554620,34787780,Posted: 6 September,all,手残玩家,"“Time to work some real magic” Let‘s see how Chloe use her ""Magic"" to adventure Arcadia bay without SF rewindHELLA GOOD"
76561198119934051,Recommended,554620,35114014,Posted: 21 September,all,copperlee1,"I do recommend a prequel to the original Life is Strange. It's a solid game. However in my opinion the game is not as flashy, as the first game was.Firstly, there is no time manipulation in LiS Before the Storm. At least not in Act1, which is all that was released as of September 21st. Maybe in the next chapters they will add some time twists, we will see. The ability to turn back time / the butterfly effect was a major element in the first game, a definition of it. That's what it was all about. Now without it, LiS Before the Storm seems flat, seems a little like a Soap Opera, just relationship, some adventures, a drama game...Another thing is... for true LiS fans, they could release thousands of acts like Act1 of LiS Before the Storm and I will gladly play them all. No matter if there is time manipulation or not.Chloe's voice actor is different. She tried her best (and I will hand it to her: in a way she did a good job), however the 'first' Chloe was a true rebel, this one is not that much. In other words, the voice of 'this' Chloe is inferior. It is and it is not a major issue. It just bugged me.The producers used almost all the same assets as they created in the original game without making any new ones. You may say that with little effort (or with no effort at all) they tried to ""pump out"" more money out of the game concept, which occured to be very successful. They milked that cow, using the same assets.Some people complained that the animations were not excellent and sometimes they seem too 'clunky'. True, if you look closly enough they were not perfect.The atmosphere of LiS Before the Storm, the ambience, was the same as in the first LiS. Slow, paying attention to details, excellent screenshots, some momements when Chloe sat down and reflected upon things... that's good. That's what we want. That is Life is Strange game idea at its best.The beginning of Act1 was alright, it was slow as it required an intoduction of the new setup. The end of Act1 was too melodramatic and too artificial as to my taste. I mean (*spoiler altert*) Rachel did make too much drama about her father cheating on her mother. It was such a big deal for her... She hurt Chloe and rejected her, who was disoriented and angry and confused. It was disgusting. And she made SUCH a big deal out of it. Drama drama drama... too much drama *yawn yawn*. We don't want drama. We don't care about drama.Something new and very cool was the RPG session, where (*spoiler*) Chloe joint a tabletop game and had a character and they fought monsters and roleplayed it. Very cool indeed and very interesting.The achievements, they changed photgraphs to graphitti. OK. Fine with me. *shrug*Overall despite all the drawbacks LiS Before the Storm is to be recommended. You can't go wrong playing this game and it's a guaranteed level of enjoyment, compared -partially and only partially- to the level of enjoyment from playing the original LiS.Again... last, but not least: bring back the butterfly effect. That's what LiS was all about."
,Recommended,554620,34643855,Posted: 31 August,all,lazyduderino,"What an incredible emotional rollercoaster! I love it. First I was a little sceptical because the first game set the bar really high but the prequel is just as good as the main game, just perfect.There are so many details to explore, characters are sympathetic and fun and the soundtrack is perfect. Very well done, Deck Nine. Can't wait for Episode 2!10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34641172,Posted: 31 August,all,Mavis,"So, after about two hours of playing I've come up with this: Definitely worth a buy if you liked the first game + episodes but this game feels incomplete with a few transition scenes having millisecond glitches, etc. Not that big of a problem but takes away a little in a way I can't explain.Loving the characters + story so far!"
,Recommended,554620,34644385,Posted: 31 August,all,[PPCH] Sundome #starco,"Genius is 1% Inspiration, 99% LSD :DBy ChloeI love it nowBack to Arcania Bay with a Story about Rachel and ChloeI buy the Deluxe Edition and this was NOT a mistake"
76561198062452644,Recommended,554620,34671633,Posted: 1 September,all,jyggalag,redy to cry again.
,Recommended,554620,34646713,Posted: 31 August,all,Captain,"Pros:+ Awesome soundtrack+ Story+ Graphics+ Voice Acting (They are so nice)I can say, firstly I was scared. Because this time Dontnod wasn't the developer. But I can say Deck Nine did a great job. And I see they really care about Life Is Strange. Good work guys, keep continue !"
,Recommended,554620,34670074,Posted: 1 September,all,twitch.tv/limeniegaming,I think it is interesting to see Chloe and her perspective on things after Max has left her and her father had died 2 years ago.It is though very unpleasant to wait long time til next episode is coming out but I guess it is worth it.
76561198121481508,Recommended,554620,34655155,Posted: 1 September,all,MiZ,Now i want 10 hours long episode all about  Chloe playing Dungeons & Dragons.
76561198036008981,Recommended,554620,34649282,Posted: 31 August,all,BloodySin,"I was quite worried about this game. Yes, I admit I pre-ordered it, based on the first game, but knowing that, while Dontnod would be involved as ""creative consultant,"" it would be a different team handling the game, I was worried about how it might turn out. Life is Strange was an unique game in many ways, not because of brand new mechanics or completely original story, but because of how it managed to really get so many people emotionally entwined with the characters and what happened to them. It wasn't a pair of shoes easy to fit by a different group.Yet, as far as the first episode goes, the worry was unfounded. While Before the Storm might have some moments that might make you groan, cringe or roll your eyes - like the way Chloe ""hints"" about her lesbian interest writting in her diary on how she found herself rubbing one thinking of Blade Runner's Pris, or the heavily SJW-laced option to call something &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥shaming"" - but aside from tiny, sparse details, the game is like a whole new Life is Strange game (indeed, Chloe might remind people a bit too much of Max...).You will get funny moments, you will get awesome moments, you will get different looks at known characters from a different point of view, you will get to see how certain things developed into what you find in the first game. And we still have more episodes to go and find out how this Max-like Chloe might have turned into the blue-haired snarky ♥♥♥♥♥ we meet later.If you liked the first game, I'm very confident you'll like this as well.If you cried with the first game, be ready to go through another emotional trainwreck just the same again, and be left wanting more."
,Recommended,554620,34655731,Posted: 1 September,all,CaptainR3sPawN,"Review is work-in-progress.Episode 1: do you remember that feeling you got when you first played Life Is Strange?This game managed to bring that back, I smiled all the way through the episode (besides reading about Max and the last few minutes of the episode) as the characters kept getting more and more developed, the connection between Chloe and Rachel is fascinating and adorable, and honestly I do hope they get to be more then just friends eventually.Since this game has no time travel, Deck Nine went out of their way to create something pretty cool instead, diaglogue challenges! I was like ""ehh.. what?"" at the begining, but then I realized how awesome this is, it's awesome they went out of your way to make something new and cool like that!This episode is incredible, i'm now waiting for Episode 2, (and unlike the original Life Is Strange, i'll have to replay the entire episode, and you know what, that's totally fine since I love the dialogue in this game, something that the original was lacking for me.Deck Nine you've proven to be an awesome developer, the love for this project shows, from the smallest of details like re-creating the menus in the Unity engine, etc. I now feel safe in trusting you in the future episodes and games!(Please don't use Unity as your next game's engine though, the flaws of the engine are very noticable in the game, but it's nothing that stopped me from loving the episode!)Episode 2: not released.Episode 3: not released.Bonus Episode: not released."
,Recommended,554620,34798521,Posted: 7 September,all,kittendust,HELLA SAD :(
,Recommended,554620,34657291,Posted: 1 September,all,Chlorons,"Hella awesome, not much else to say"
76561197973415812,Recommended,554620,34788316,Posted: 6 September,all,Ho-Lee Smokes,Life is Strange: Before Cutting A Storm of Onions
76561198263818196,Recommended,554620,34658858,Posted: 1 September,all,( ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º),"I'm seeing Chloe in an entirely new light. I actually feel for her, in contrast to the first game where I thought she could get annoying with her stupid decisions. This game might actually turn out better than the first one because the main character is far more interesting, the background and supporting characters are expanded upon as well. Side note: the origin of HELLA is a plus in my book. The game looks and feels better than the previous, making me excited for the chapters to come."
,Recommended,554620,34647245,Posted: 31 August,all,KayJay,"Thank God this prequel isn't actually bad. It feels nice to see Chloe again and to finally meet Rachel. Can't wait to see how the story progresses on. Good job Deck Nine, we love you <3"
,Recommended,554620,34644926,Posted: 31 August,all,тяιggєя,"Most expected, awaited game for me till now. The game shows the pain and anger of Chloe very nicely. The game also shows how has had chloe missed max so beautifully. I loved the game so far . The critics can say whatever but Iam enjoying this game alot. Ashly Burch and DONTNOD are surely missed tho. Iam taking my sweet time and playing this game hella slowly exploring everything as I don't want the episode to end fast for me because waiting for the next episode is hella painful. Great job Square Enix. Awesome graphics, great musics by Daughters. Surely worth every penny. Thanks alot for the game Squareenix.10/10 even though I miss Ashly, and rachel and chloe sounds so alike.Great game."
,Recommended,554620,34647460,Posted: 31 August,all,mav,"it's funny how this game is like the chloe to life is strange's ""max"".original had it's faults but it added to the charm of it, and it was very innocent in nature with everything. the music was calm and relaxing most of the time, the menus and journals all looked very genuine and innocent, which perfectly describes max.this game is rough around the edges. everything has a dont care attitude to it. it goes all out with the cringy lines and stereotypes and even acknowledges it's there (frank pointing out chloe's spike armband and saying she is trying too hard, for example) and doesn't care, unlike the first game where it subtly had lines such as ""ready for the mosh pit, shaka brah"" that were cringy but added to the game's charm and innocence. the music is amazing just as the first, but rather than calming and nice acoustic guitar, it is dark clean electric guitar sounding music that fits the life is strange series yet at the same time differentiates itself from the original. perfectly fits the mood for chloe. this game just screams ""the world and everyone in it sucks"", which perfectly fits chloe's style.the game has issues. the originals only glaring issue was that the lip syncing was off earlier in the game, although in later episodes it was not as bad. this game though has had issues with crashing, a very ""off"" sensitivity feel (feels bad to control the camera, sometimes i will even move my mouse but the actual camera wont move until i drag the mouse completely across my desk, it's almost like it has some sort of broken smoothing or delay or something), and the new voice actors just dont seem to fit their characters as well as the previous ones did (the only one that i felt was recasted well was joyce). another problem is thatbecause rachel amber, her relationship with chloe, and her ultimate fate were already shown in the original, the devs of this just kind of threw the two together. i mean, one day rachel just meets chloe and the next day they are already fighting and then talking about running away together? it wouldve been much better if they had at least sat down at the start of the game when first meeting and developed some kind of personal connection before they started doing things like skipping school together, andit depends on you playing the first game too much, to the point that it even breaks authenticity just to cut straight to the point. something more minor as well that i was personally not happy about was that there doesnt seem to be controller support in this game.also i want to point out that the new mechanics to replace rewinding time are actually a really cool addition to set this apart. no longer can you make a choice and rewind to try something else (again, fits max much better than chloe who is just a ""do it or die"" kind of person), but every decision islike the end of episode 2 in the original andpermanent. it just feels different to make a decision in this compared to the original, and for that, they managed to really set this apart from the original.in my personal opinion, its not as good as the original, but it is amazing in its own way. you should definitely play the first if you havent already before you pick this one up."
,Recommended,554620,34651102,Posted: 31 August,all,Biscuito Momma,I only played one episode and I already want to die
,Recommended,554620,34641404,Posted: 31 August,all,I'm Chloe Price,hella PERFECT game !!!
76561198245395696,Recommended,554620,34653508,Posted: 1 September,all,Fury_X,Just nothing to say <310/10....................
76561197983976358,Recommended,554620,35489685,Posted: 5 October,all,chet,"Quick review: If you loved LiS then you should get this, but don't expect it to be as good. If you haven't played the original LiS you should. If you played the original but were lukewarm on it you should probably pass on this.The good: It's more LiS, with mostly great writing, greatacting, a great sound track, and realistic dialogue and depictions of teens.The bad: The character of Rachel is really problematic. They'll really dialed up the manic pixie dream girl to 11 with her, I just don't find her to be a very believable character--unlike most everyone else that inhabits the LiS universe. Apparently by the time she's a senior (according to the original) she's still a 4.0 student and thought of as little miss perfect, but here she appears to be on the same path as Chloe (and we knows she stays with Chloe until the end). As we know she ends up with that gutter trash drug dealer, which makes no sense but I'm sure they'll make some inadequate effort to explain it.As for the gameplay rewind is missed, there are far fewer puzzle type elements (some might think this is a good thing), and (perhaps as a result) it felt shorter than the earler LiS chapters. I'm not a fan of the talk-back system as implemented: I don't like feeling rushed and even with the timer I literally never lost a single exchange the entire chapter. Some of that may have been luck, as it's not clear exactly what each response is meant to convey. Combine that fact with the timer  you're mostly just blindly clicking on keywords.I mostly enjoyed it and I'll check out the next chapters but I was definitely a little disappointed."
,Recommended,554620,35484221,Posted: 4 October,all,Matikarp8,Life is Strange is my favorite game and this game adds to it perfectly i cant wait for more episodes
76561198085771621,Recommended,554620,35485140,Posted: 4 October,all,Hustle McHustle,"Only thing I thought was lacking was that the DnD mini-story wasn't longer.But seriously. I was a little hesitant because of new developers and a different VA for Chloe, but it actually seems pretty good so far. I loof forward to the next episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34655046,Posted: 1 September,all,Aleks,Frank looks like James Franco xD
76561198164049245,Recommended,554620,34677309,Posted: 1 September,all,Meriadoc Peregrin,"I've played and fell in love with 'Life is Strange' but 'Life is Strange: Before the Storm' is far better than the original. The story this time around is relatable. There isn't any special powers, no way to rewrite your choices, it's a straight forward game that will have you feeling sympathy for the characters. I believe the character development is a lot better as well than in 'Life is Strange.' I'll keep updating my opinion as new episodes come out but right now this game is truly worth the buy."
,Recommended,554620,34831626,Posted: 9 September,all,KeTRoX || csgoroll.com,"Fantabulous story line, really keeps u engaged through all different choices, added some cool new fetures, efforts made to connect the game with previous one, WOULD BUY AGAIN <3"
76561198018936215,Recommended,554620,34660822,Posted: 1 September,all,Skyplen,"If you liked Life is Strange... you will probably like the prequel. And you hardly feel that this is done by another studio.- the first frew minutes of gameplay feel weird, but it changes rather quickly -> controls feel better than before- the choice of your wardrobe is reminding of the ""this is just a game feeling"", mostly because it hints that an outfit belongs to the deluxe edition..+ the new voice actress for chloe is great and because it's a prequel it doesn't annoy me+ the music is as great as the ""original""+ blackwell feels familiar, the game feels familiar+ a few new characters who seem to be well thought through+ you finally see Rachel, the character that had a huge impact on many if not all characters in Life is StrangeI guess you might want to wait till every episode is out there? Because you will probably want to play the next episode as soon as you finish the current one.Still, the big minus of it:- it is quite disheartening to know what the ""original"" has in mind for the two main characters, you are split between believing through this game you can change it and the feeling ->  F it, it's a waste of time and will only make me a mixture of sad and happy because of the obviously great story that is ahead of you."
,Recommended,554620,34664833,Posted: 1 September,all,Benjovi,"A fantastic return to the Life Is Strange universeThis game to me was everything I hoped for. I was scepitcal at first, and was worried that Deck Nine might just use this as an easy cash grab based on the popularity and success of the original game. Boy was I wrong. The game feels just as good as the first, with all the same funny moments and its emotional moments.This story is based around Chloe Price, and her relationship with the mysterious Rachel Amber. The game uses a new mechanic in place of the rewind feature from the original. The 'backtalk' mechanic allows Chloe to essentially sh*t talk people, which is quite enjoyable, and makes for some good character moments. The first episode featured a number of choices which all seem like they could have consequences in future episodes - which I hope they do. The acting was up to the standard you expect after the first, with the voice actors drawing me and engaging me emotionally.The games graphics are also beautiful and I really feel invested in Arcadia Bay and Blackwell High. A number of characters from the original game make a return too, but as of yet it remains to been seen if they are simply cameos or if they will have a larger role in Chloe and Rachel's story. Also, the soundtrack for the game is perfect. The indie music chosen by the studio really fits in every scene, and made me feel emotional at some scenes.Overall, the first episode was highly enjoybale. If you liked the first game, you're more than likely going to enjoy this story."
,Recommended,554620,34645211,Posted: 31 August,all,Tzunny,"Well... i've just finished it, i took it slow, enjoying every moment & in the end it didn't matter anymore that original voice of Chloe (Ashly B.) was not part of this prequel because it's a different experience, moment in time, is like another life of Chloe, so i must admit it that even i did not like the idea of someone else voicing Chloe now i can say that was fine, actually in some scenes was really good (i enjoyed when talked with Joyce & at the end with Rachel).Chloe it's different (not yet major changes but in proccess of changing more & more and don't give a fk about most of the stuffs, including her to sometimes), so Ashly it should identify more with the mature version of Chloe and it should stay so if will ever be new episodes featuring Max & Chloe (which i really hope it will be because i wont pay a cent anymore for anything else that have the name Life is Strange & does not feature them into it).Interaction, gameplay: I miss dragging mouse to LOOK, inspecting, action words, etc. I started to hate hitting WASD everytime so after few minutes i turned on my Steam controller and finished the episode using it without any issues.Battlewords mode: the chain with the dots filled while a discussion is progressing one way or another is a improvement to the game, i like it BUT it's to EASY. I don't know if this is intentional, i know that Ashly was write some of it or contributed in such manner but i find it to easy, to directional, from A to B, not much of choices left, surprises. It's different but it can be better and hope to see improvements in the next episode. Also, you can totally skip it which saves time if want to replay it.Walking animation are really weird, running is ok but walking is meh, i laughed hard in the 1st 10 minutes while walking outside the mill. There is to much swag into it... But Lip sync is good, i can't remember a moment where to look weird or have no movements at all. Had some sound issues, was 2-3 moments where sound was much higher in volume than the sound used in the specific moment, like was try to scare the sh.t out of me or something, had impression i play a horror game for a second.MIXTAPE MODE: MAKE IT MORE INTUITIVE (to much clicks are needed only to order the tracks)I prepurchased deluxe edition since day 1, waited since to play the game, i was really hope that you guys (DECK9) will do it right and give best of you. I give it a positive review because in the end i almost cried (yeah almost, was try not to do it), because voice acting was good (i'm glad that Frank voice is in game YEAH really nice imitation, Joyce as well). Can consider this a demo, test, just a start to the journey, the intro... there is place for improvements so please make it happen. I don't care if the next episode is coming in November or in March as long as it will be a step forward. So please don't make me feel like some other companies do when they just try to milk some more $  from the fans while mistreating/molest the game name only for extra $.This for now, i could add that graphics are good, all on maxed Hella settings (i see what you did there).Also i loved each moment when Chloe is remember Max and that she is thinking at her all the time, i want to see more of this references to them past as kids and to future to. I can't wait for Max episode, hope you guys solve the strike problem because is already running for 1 year i think and we need Hannah doing Max voice. So please solve the problems, care more about the fans, gamers that buy your stuffs and care more about voice actors, they deserve more attention and recognition, appreciation... respect!Have a good time everyone, and if you unsure if to buy this game or not, go ahead and check youtube videos or buy it, play it, and ask for refund the same day i think it will work.NoEMOJI"
,Recommended,554620,34677293,Posted: 1 September,all,Atvarrk,So I refunded PREY just to buy this and meet Chole again.:)Was it worth it?It's HELLA WORTH
,Recommended,554620,34924394,Posted: 13 September,all,CookieClicker,So many unanwsered questions..Is Rachel really dead?Does Frank really like beans?Is Victoria a woman?Is Nathan a ♥♥♥♥ing crazy drug-fueled wack-job?I guess we'll find in time..or..
,Recommended,554620,34670747,Posted: 1 September,all,Surkey,"This game. This game man.This game made me feel very powerful emotions, especially in the dream sequences where the father is hit by various vehicles. Those are very impactful moments indeed. The characters were perfect depictions of american teenage girlsMany will say the dialogue is cringy, but it goes one step beyond thatI will remember this game for many years to come just like the firstI can't wait for the sequel episodes"
,Recommended,554620,35043290,Posted: 18 September,all,EltrA -_=,"Many choices, Very sad and Touching. Would Recomend 10/10. Cant Wait For The Rest Of The Episodes"
76561198136051465,Recommended,554620,35030330,Posted: 17 September,all,So Strange,"I just the love the this game, the first episode was already a real banger, im ""Hella"" hyped for the next 2"
,Recommended,554620,34673630,Posted: 1 September,all,Nick Blaster,"The first episode was pretty promising. It's just more of Life is Strange ...has the same vibe as the first except for one, which was my only ""complaint"" if you wanna call it that, it's the fact that there was no sense of mystery going on which was the core of the first game and what got me hooked to it. Though that changes near the end and now I can't wait for episode 2.It's also great to see the relationship between Chloe and Rachel develop to become what we knew from the first game.The length of the episode is also longer than the previous game which was around 2 hours per episode and it took me about 4 hours go finish one playthrough of Before the Storm while interacting with everything.So overall if you liked the first game it's just more of Life is Strange and you'll like this one too. If you didn't play the first game then it's a pretty good game since the story was developing quite nicely.P.S.There's an actual video settings called ""Hella High""Also I can't get out of the menu screen because the music is awesome !"
,Recommended,554620,34641777,Posted: 31 August,all,eLastic  #away,"SᴛᴏʀʏWʜᴇʀᴇ ᴅᴏ I sᴛᴀʀᴛ? Tʜᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ ʜᴀs ɢɪᴠᴇɴ ᴍᴇ ᴀ ᴘᴇʀғᴇᴄᴛ ᴇxᴘᴇʀɪᴇɴᴄᴇ, ɪᴛ ʜᴀs ᴛʜᴇ ᴍᴏᴏᴅ ᴏғ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴛʜɪɴɢ. Aᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ʙᴇɢɪɴɴɪɴɢ I ғᴇʟᴛ ᴛʜᴀᴛ I ᴡᴀs ɢᴏɪɴɢ ᴛᴏ ʙᴇ ᴀ ᴡᴏɴᴅᴇʀғᴜʟ ᴇxᴘᴇʀɪᴇɴᴄᴇ ᴀɢᴀɪɴ. Sᴏᴍᴇᴛʜɪɴɢ I ᴄᴀɴ ɴᴏᴛ ᴛᴇʟʟ ᴡʜᴀᴛ I ғᴇʟᴛ ɪɴ ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ. I ғᴇʟᴛ ʜᴀᴘᴘɪɴᴇss, ғᴇᴀʀ, ᴊᴏʏ, ᴘᴀɪɴ, ᴛʜᴀᴛ ɪs, ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴛʜɪɴɢ ᴀ ᴍᴀɴ ᴋɴᴏᴡs.As ᴀ ʙᴏʏ ɪs ɪɴᴛᴇʀᴇsᴛɪɴɢ ᴇɴᴏᴜɢʜ ᴛᴏ sᴇᴇ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏ ᴅᴀʏ ᴏғ ᴀ ɢɪʀʟ, ᴛᴏ ᴇxᴘᴇʀɪᴇɴᴄᴇ ɪᴛ ᴀɴᴅ ᴛᴏ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴀʙᴏᴜᴛ ᴛʜᴇɪʀ ʜᴇᴀᴅ.Tʜᴇ sᴛᴏʀʏ ɪs ғᴜʟʟ ᴏғ sᴜʀᴘʀɪsᴇs, sᴏ ɪᴛ ɪs ɴᴏᴛ ᴀ sᴘᴏɪʟᴇʀ.10/10CʜᴀʀᴀᴄᴛᴇʀsWᴇʟʟ, ᴛʜᴇ ᴄʜᴀʀᴀᴄᴛᴇʀs ... Eᴠᴇʀʏ ᴄʜᴀʀᴀᴄᴛᴇʀ ɪs ᴅɪғғᴇʀᴇɴᴛ. Bᴜᴛ ᴛʜᴇʀᴇ's ᴀ ᴄᴏᴍᴍᴏɴ ᴏɴᴇ ᴛʜᴀᴛ's ᴀʟʟ ᴡᴇʟʟ-ᴄʀᴀғᴛᴇᴅ. Yᴏᴜ ᴄᴀɴ ʀᴇᴄᴏɢɴɪᴢᴇ ᴅɪғғᴇʀᴇɴᴛ ᴄʜᴀʀᴀᴄᴛᴇʀs ᴅɪғғᴇʀᴇɴᴛʟʏ, ʏᴏᴜ ᴄᴀɴ ʙᴇʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴅɪғғᴇʀᴇɴᴛʟʏ. Tʜᴇ sʏɴᴄʜʀᴏᴏɴs ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴅᴏɴᴇ sᴏᴍᴇ ᴀᴍᴀᴢɪɴɢ ᴡᴏʀᴋ. Iғ ʏᴏᴜ ʜᴇᴀʀ ᴛʜᴇ sᴏᴜɴᴅ ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʟʀᴇᴀᴅʏ ᴋɴᴏᴡ ᴛʜɪs ɪs Nᴀᴛʜᴇɴ ᴏʀ Rᴀᴄʜᴇʟ.Iᴛ ɪs ᴛʀᴜᴇ ᴛʜᴀᴛ Cʜʟᴏᴇ ɪs ᴅɪғғᴇʀᴇɴᴛ ғʀᴏᴍ ᴛʜᴇ sʏɴᴄʀᴏɴ, ʙᴜᴛ sᴛɪʟʟ ɢɪᴠᴇs ᴛʜᴇ ᴍᴏᴏᴅ ᴀ ʟᴏᴛ, ɴᴏᴛʜɪɴɢ ʜᴀs ʟᴏsᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ ғʀᴏᴍ ᴛʜᴇ ᴇxᴘᴇʀɪᴇɴᴄᴇ. Tʜᴇʀᴇ ᴀʀᴇ ᴄʜᴀʀᴀᴄᴛᴇʀs ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴀʀᴇ ᴀ ʙɪᴛ ᴡᴇɪʀᴅ, ʙᴜᴛ ᴛʜᴀᴛ's ʀɪɢʜᴛ. Tʜᴇʏ ɴᴇᴇᴅ ᴛᴏ ʙᴇ ʀᴇᴄᴏɢɴɪᴢᴇᴅ ᴀɴᴅ ᴀʟɪɢɴᴇᴅ ᴡɪᴛʜ ɪᴛ. Yᴏᴜ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴄᴏᴍᴇ ᴛʜᴀᴛ's ᴀʟʟ ᴛʜᴇʏ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴅᴏ ᴡɪᴛʜ ɴᴀᴛᴜʀᴇ ᴀɴᴅ ᴇxᴘᴇᴄᴛᴀᴛɪᴏɴ.Wʜʏ ɪs ɴᴏᴛ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴛʀᴜᴇ ɪɴ ʟɪғᴇ? Tʜᴀᴛ's ᴡʜʏ ᴡᴇ ʟᴏᴠᴇ ᴛʜɪs ᴡʜᴏʟᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ. Iᴛ's ʟɪᴋᴇ ʀᴇᴀʟ ʟɪғᴇ.10/10VɪsᴜᴀʟsI ʟᴏᴠᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ᴡʜᴏʟᴇ ᴛʜɪɴɢ, ʙᴜᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ɢʀᴀᴘʜɪᴄs ᴀʀᴇ ɴᴏᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ᴍᴏsᴛ ɪᴍᴘᴏʀᴛᴀɴᴛ, ʙᴜᴛ ᴛʜᴇ sᴛᴏʀʏ, ʙᴜᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ ᴍᴀᴋᴇʀs ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴀʟsᴏ ʙᴇᴇɴ ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜɪɴɢ ɪᴛ! Iᴛ ɢɪᴠᴇs ᴛʜᴇ ᴡʜᴏʟᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ғᴇᴇʟɪɴɢ. Iᴛ's ʟɪᴋᴇ ᴘᴀɪɴᴛɪɴɢ ᴀ ᴘᴀɪɴᴛɪɴɢ ᴛʜᴀᴛ sᴘᴇᴀᴋs ᴛᴏ ᴍᴇ. A ᴘᴀɪɴᴛɪɴɢ I ғᴇᴇʟ ᴡɪᴛʜ ᴍʏ ʜᴇᴀʀᴛ ...10/10MᴜsɪᴄYᴏᴜ ᴅᴏ ɴᴏᴛ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ sᴀʏ ʜᴏᴡ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ɪᴛ ɪs ᴛᴏ ғᴇᴇʟ. Mᴜsɪᴄ ɢɪᴠᴇs ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜᴇ ғᴇᴇʟɪɴɢ ʏᴏᴜ ғᴇᴇʟ. Mᴜsɪᴄ ᴘᴇʀғᴇᴄᴛʟʏ ᴅᴇsᴄʀɪʙᴇs ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ. Wʜᴇɴ ʏᴏᴜ ʜᴇᴀʀ ᴛʜᴇ ᴍᴜsɪᴄ ʏᴏᴜ ᴡɪʟʟ ɴᴇᴠᴇʀ ʟᴏsᴇ ɪᴛ, ɪᴛ ʟᴇᴀᴠᴇs sᴏᴍᴇᴛʜɪɴɢ ᴇᴛᴇʀɴᴀʟ ɪɴ ʏᴏᴜ. A ᴅᴇᴇᴘ ᴛʀᴀᴄᴇ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ʏᴏᴜ ᴅᴏ ɴᴏᴛ ᴋɴᴏᴡ ᴛʜᴇɴ ʙᴇᴛ ɪᴛ. Tʜᴀᴛ ᴅᴏᴇs ɴᴏᴛ ᴍᴇᴀɴ ɪᴛ's ʙᴀᴅ, ɪᴛ ᴍᴇᴀɴs ɪᴛ ʜᴀs ᴀ ᴠᴇʀʏ ᴘᴏᴡᴇʀғᴜʟ ᴇғғᴇᴄᴛ ᴏɴ ᴛʜᴇ ᴍᴜsɪᴄ ɪɴ ᴛʜɪs ɢᴀᴍᴇ. Tʜᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ ɪs ɴᴏᴛ ᴡɪᴛʜᴏᴜᴛ ᴍᴜsɪᴄ ᴏʀ ᴍᴜsɪᴄ ᴡɪᴛʜᴏᴜᴛ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ. Iғ I ᴄʟᴏsᴇ ᴍʏ ᴇʏᴇs, ᴍʏ ᴇᴀʀs ᴀɴᴅ ᴍʏ ʜᴇᴀʀᴛ ᴀʀᴇ ᴏᴘᴇɴᴇᴅ ғᴏʀ ᴍᴜsɪᴄ Wʜᴀᴛ ᴀᴍ I sᴀʏɪɴɢ, I ʟᴏᴠᴇ ɪᴛ.10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34813600,Posted: 8 September,all,Gex,"Wow... They made it again. Amazing game, amazing story. Cant wait for other episodes. 10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34756822,Posted: 5 September,all,Dreyzie,"Aside from some jankiness here and there, Before The Storm does a great job of capturing the same atmosphere and storytelling as the original game. The soundtrack is also fantastic, by the way."
76561198032782303,Recommended,554620,34819315,Posted: 8 September,all,Mal'swaggis,"Absolutely incredible, the whole episode 1 i was thinking ""WHAT IS GOING ON?!"" and it keeps you anticipated and things constantly change and adapt you to the enviroment of Rachel Amber's ""Do whatever we want attitude"" and the bond between various characters such as Chloe & Rachel is another thing that just hooks you straight into it, even as things start to go south"
,Recommended,554620,34728360,Posted: 3 September,all,WashedUp™,Review for Episode 1I greatly enjoyed the story and the backtalk is a great gameplay tool
,Recommended,554620,35297251,Posted: 29 September,all,Mom,I'm gay
,Recommended,554620,34742726,Posted: 4 September,all,killstation,why im crying?
76561197997822817,Not Recommended,554620,34811754,Posted: 8 September,all,Dakteris Māja,"Huge dissapointment!!!  During first episode i was wondering when and if any plot will ever kick in and it never did.  Extremly booring. I finished first episode in 3 ""sessions"", coz i fell asleep. When i played first LIS, i couldn't stop playing as it was so interesting and awesome.Not sure, if i will buy next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34681948,Posted: 2 September,all,AUD,"If you love Life is Strange™. Trust me you will enjoy Life is Strange: Before the Storm as well. Absolutely worth your money in full-price. You won't be disappointed. <3""HELLA AWESOME!!""""can't wait for EP.2"""
,Recommended,554620,34755806,Posted: 5 September,all,Ren Calibre,Hella high graphics.Hella good music.Hella good story.Hella good characters.Hella awesome voice lines.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1124861683
,Not Recommended,554620,34696851,Posted: 2 September,all,trikuxabi,"The hopes I had for this game were almost non-existent, to be honest. When the prequel to one of my favourite games, Life is Strange, was announced, something just felt wrong. The original development team has been hard at work with a new title, so Life is Strange: Before the Storm, has been developed by another company entirely. This sure raises a lot of questions…Read full review atmymoviecollection.blogThe most obvious flaw with this new episodic title is the lack of time Deck Nine, the development team behind it, had to create it. The constant recycling of environments seems to be a homage at first, but it soon becomes tiresome. Writing is also all over the place, and what used to be subtle and interesting in Life is Strange, has been turned into obvious. Nothing is up for interpretation; every single thing is spoon-fed to the player by being written in big bold letters.Upon inspecting a motorcycle, Chloe says:I’d join a motorcycle gang…if I had any friends.Really? Was that the best way to convey she is going through some lonely times? The same thing happens with every theme featured, but probably the one I liked least was the main character’s sexuality. Don’t get me wrong, I think it’s great that we have a lesbian protagonist, but the way this topic is handled is way too bold and uninspired, which is a huge lost opportunity.Gameplay is much duller than in the original title, too… As Chloe, unlike Max, has no crazy superpowers, everything the players do is walk around and talk to people. This could be good enough if environments were rich and conversations were properly written, but as already stated, none of those can be found anywhere is Before the Storm. The path developers took to turn these features more “gamey” is what they’ve named Backtalk, a “risk/reward conversation mode that allows Chloe to use her barbed tongue to provoke or get her way”. Let’s translate that into actual mechanics: a character says a line, and the player must pick the appropriate answer of the three possibilities shown on-screen in order to get closer to winning the argument. The correct answer is whichever includes a word that the other character has previously said. It’s THAT dumb. No creative answers, no trying to foresee replies, no nothing.Before the Storm is extremely similar to Life is Strange, and that sometimes plays in favor of the prequel. The graphics, for instance, look as vibrant and breath-taking as they did in the first game. Hand-drawn textures and beautiful lighting effects create a stunning visual experience, indeed. It does have many technical issues, though. I’ve been lucky enough not to experience any crashes nor game-breaking bugs, but terrible controller support and resolution issues have definitely made the experience poorer, I’m, afraid.Right now, it's an ok game for the fans. It does the service. It's functional. But it's NOWHERE near the brilliant masterpiece that was Life is Strange, unfortunatelly. Can't really recommend it, I'm afraid... And I wanted to love the hell out of this one."
76561198030761196,Not Recommended,554620,34892027,Posted: 11 September,all,Hymnody,"None of the voice actors of the same, and the replacements pale in comparison. The animations and graphics are wonky. All of the intrigue and mythology of the original series is gone. Essentially this is just a really exhausting fanfic of Chloe and Rachel Amber. Even the music felt weak. Overall I am highly let down."
,Recommended,554620,34689515,Posted: 2 September,all,Dolphuds,It's hella good-
,Recommended,554620,34650211,Posted: 31 August,all,Boxes,I'm a big fan of the first game Life is Strange. I've noticed that the game may be lacking graphically compared to the original game. Minus my minor disappointment with the trees after finishing episode 1 I'm impressed and love the direction they went. I'd definitely recomend playing the first life is strange first because this version has major spoilers.There are cringy scenes but what teenager doesn't have cringey moments? The music score is wonderful and really adds to the story. I can't wait for episode 2.
,Recommended,554620,34650253,Posted: 31 August,all,aps6686,Wow.Should probably have waited until I'd recovered from that episode to write a review. I WAS NOT READY.
,Recommended,554620,34691978,Posted: 2 September,all,American Tragedy,"First time when I played Life is Strange was during my not so easy stage of life. Everything was awful and I felt completely bad and depressed, and this game.. Man, its simply saved me then. I felt like I found a perfect pill from all my problems in that game then and it was so amazing. The whole atmoshepre in there, it feels like a place where you wanna be and never come back to a real life. Characters are written so damn good and the whole story is mind blowing. Well, maybe not THAT mind blowing, but at least it doesn't let you feel bored or anything. Oh damn, now I am thinking about it and it reminds me of everything and damn, for some reason I miss these days..Oh, but anyway, speaking of the game itself! So now, 2 years later I am back in here! In my favourite place, with unique warm atmosphere, with a carousel of feelings and emotions and I am just damn happy to experience it once again. I strongly recommend this game and the original one to everyone who have had enough of their life and just want to hide themselves in a beautiful atmospheric world for a few hours, with astonishing music,charming characters and another rich story...Review to be updated, since it's only one episode out."
76561198256890825,Recommended,554620,34665280,Posted: 1 September,all,xShantex,I'M IN LOVE WITH THIS GAME
76561198229410364,Recommended,554620,34679987,Posted: 2 September,all,...!,"Part of its success definitely comes from the original Life is Strange, but it does well in maintaining a different and compelling all in all experience. Being unable to ""rewind"" and try to redo decisions, along with the ""backtalk"" feature could lead to a more stressful game, but the atmosphere and tone of the story just influences you to act more dynamic, more like ""Chloe"". Judging from the first chapter, I can already tell it's going to be a great game."
,Recommended,554620,34647026,Posted: 31 August,all,K y R o D ツ,"I recommend this game if you are a diehard LIS fan or just someone who heard about this game, I absolutely love LIS:BTS since you get to play as chloe and find things, new and old; or interact with familiar people. My favorite thing about this game is that you get to learn more about what Rachel and Chole go through on this 3 episode journey.P.S. I'm hyped to play the bonus episode too! c:-K y R o D ツ"
76561198057599643,Recommended,554620,34668441,Posted: 1 September,all,kuzmjoh15,The first game was amazing and one of my favorite stories of all time. The second game is just as good. I reccomend this game to anyone who loves a good story driven game.
,Recommended,554620,34644156,Posted: 31 August,all,eZudo,"Oh well, what a ride already. I was hyped, and I wasn't disappointed. Very strong start to a 3 episode game, what else can you tell. Loved it."
,Recommended,554620,34646732,Posted: 31 August,all,Max,"♥♥♥♥ing perfect.They took everything great about the first game and made it ten times better, while removing a lot of the things that made certain aspects of the original game kinda trash (No more forced interactions, awkward dialogue, etc).Some of the most noticeable differences are that the characters are fleshed out a lot better than they were in LiS 1 (Especially in the case of Chloe), and the dialogue/writing in general took a giant step up in terms of quality.Like the original, it's definitely still flawed, but in my opinion, it adds to the game's charm.The first episode went above and beyond my expectations and this honestly may end up being my favorite Life is Strange game if the rest of the episodes have anywhere near the same level of quality as the first."
,Recommended,554620,34652537,Posted: 31 August,all,Auxilae,I'm just here to add to the overwhelming positive score.
,Recommended,554620,34662539,Posted: 1 September,all,anzor133,"Only the 1st episode is out and i am already satisfied with the game . The story is so juicy and the ending in my opinion of the 1st episdoe is my favorit part and i'm sure that if you play it you'd thing the same , I definetly recommand buying this game not so sure about deluxe edition , the outfits aren't that amazing but the extra episode might be , maybe wait for a disscount on the deluxe :)"
,Recommended,554620,34671241,Posted: 1 September,all,Meelis13,"If you liked original Life is Strange, you will very likely enjoy it.If you tought Life is Strange is kinda cheesy/gringy, even then you will very likely enjoy it.The thing is, many were afraid it doesnt live up to expectations, but first episode actually is really great- i'd say this miniseries has even potential of becoming even better than original. I mean yes, you dont have rewind, but backtalk ability is actually even more interesting. Writing quality has also increased and game does offer quite a few rather unexpected things. All in all, at least on launch of episode 1 (meaning time of writing this review).Oh and emotions. You still can laugh (Chloe can be deviously witty), but there are obviously tear-jerking moments, although so far (again, im writing this only as of episode 1) not so much as in original- but im comparing full season to just 1 episode so thats hardly fair play- especially considering original didnt really kick off in that regard until ep. 2.Atmosphere still hits the spot on as well, still allowing you to have calm moments.So in case you wondered if its gonna be worse (because lets be honest, its kind of trend with spinoffs/sequels to new franchises lately, especially when given to another studio), then have no fear- if anything, this shapes up to be even better game (and original LiS is one of my all-time favourites)."
,Recommended,554620,34661388,Posted: 1 September,all,Combocookie [BE] Hail GabeN,"Some actual in-game quotes:""You punch a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""""I chopped off your legs so we're even""I like where this is going"
,Recommended,554620,34643863,Posted: 31 August,all,Lopper,"Played the first episode. Lot more to it than I expected, took like 3 hours just to beat one episode, although I was walking around looking at everything. The achievements aren't too much though, like most of them are just doing graffiti in certain parts of the game, no achievements for certain choices or anything. Luckily though when you beat the episode if you missed any graffiti you can go back in and get what you missed. Pretty good so far though, not too emotional so far but looking good. There's a cool little mini-game in certain parts where you have to insult people and that's hella funny. Apparently the voice actor for Chloe changed and yeah I think she does sound a bit different but she's easy to get used to. Overall pretty solid so far. had no performance issues or crashes or whatnot, Looking forward to episode 2."
,Recommended,554620,34652552,Posted: 31 August,all,CoffeeBean,"I found myself worrying as I started up the game, because I knew quite well this was made by a different studio than the first... or rather, second, if you look at it from a Star Wars way of numbering things. But, as the intro credits rolled on, and that absolutely lovely music played as the title screen popped up, I knew I was in good hands. It felt like home. It felt familiar, as if I were about to replay the original all over again. The game went on, and slowly, I melted into my seat, the world around me blurred away, and the display put on in the monitor before me took hold for 3 non-stop hours.Never have I had a narrative take me from a relaxed, blissful, almost euphoric sense of joy and wonder to a depressed, tear-blurred, anxious state so quick. Within three hours, two characters with enough personality, life, and realism were created to satiate the creative needs of every new game for the next 50 years.I say bravo, and I say encore, because my life needs to be more strange."
76561198034936456,Recommended,554620,34643981,Posted: 31 August,all,Mero,Hella great! Cannot wait for the next episodes!
,Recommended,554620,34684205,Posted: 2 September,all,Papa Dan,Roast simulator
,Recommended,554620,34663279,Posted: 1 September,all,ArmoredPsycho,So good to be back at Arcadia Bay.Thank you Deck Nine for creating this experience!Worthy prequel of Dontnod's Life is Strange masterpiece!
,Recommended,554620,34676370,Posted: 1 September,all,Sujieun🥇,Life is strange....Work of ArtSad Part...Too SHORT! NEED MORE!HIT ME WITH  DIME!
,Recommended,554620,34641989,Posted: 31 August,all,若ロリ Kawaii loli,"This game looks fantastic so far!The Graphics, The Atmosphere, The Characters (God Rachel is such a cute girl),I think they even improved their voice acting from the ""beta"" version.Can't wait to play the 2nd Episode!10/10 would hug and Pat Rachel Everyday"
,Recommended,554620,34687674,Posted: 2 September,all,★ lunatiic ★,"There is no other word than ""powerful"" to describe this game (or rather episode 1).It's a really worthy prequel and I can't wait to play episode 2 and 3."
,Recommended,554620,34690402,Posted: 2 September,all,Supreme,Totally worth the wait
,Recommended,554620,34694084,Posted: 2 September,all,JSEM PINK FLUFFY UNICORN PÍČO,"Life is Strange is from beginning a story-based game that allows you to make your own decisions. This short Prequel takes you three years before the first game. It is also important to say, that game have only three episodes. Chloe is also a teenager so her behavior sucks. Graphics is old since the first game is different with story. Chloe haven't any superpower like Max (when she had a superpower it'll understand when Max talking about it). You have only one thing that previous game haven't - BackTalk - minigame where you have to argue and that person do what you want. Minor characters are behave temptingly. The end of the 1st episode. wait, i think i have something in my eye.8.5/10 + music (it's HELLA good)+ First episode takes about 2 hours- Old graphicsPS: sorry for grammar"
,Recommended,554620,34649108,Posted: 31 August,all,FroSSt,I honestly don't know how this isn't defined as art yet. Such a strong and borderline incredible first episode.
76561198142989280,Recommended,554620,34672246,Posted: 1 September,all,Jay,"Back gayer than everOk but seriously I'm extremely impressed with how well this turned out (storyline, soundtrack, everything) and I cannot wait for episode 2"
,Recommended,554620,34654346,Posted: 1 September,all,Iczel,Episode 1 was Great! Can't wait for Episode 2 and 3 =)All Achievements:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VCxyPPrabI
,Recommended,554620,34647018,Posted: 31 August,all,Suky,"So far so good.Episode 1 is really great. I was a bit worried that it will be a bit of a letdown but holy ♥♥♥♥ this episode was nothing but amazing. Hopefuly the other episodes are just as good.I do feel a bit that you need to play the original first to fully understand this game, even though this one is a prequel."
,Recommended,554620,34664663,Posted: 1 September,all,Sneaker Bugger,"WOW. Games are just unlike the Life is Strange series. They are so bizzare, intriguing, and damn magical. Even though I only played episode 1 I already know I'm in for a hell of a journey. And after episode one.... I CAN'T WAIT! I recommend this to anyone looking for a great story to bring out some emotions in some sort of way. However I would play the first one first for Before the Storm is a prequel and makes your decisions semi-based on your play through with Max (Life is Strange 1)"
,Recommended,554620,34658171,Posted: 1 September,all,JxI,"Before playing Life is Strange: Before the Storm, I was concerned that it wasn't going to live up the original Life is Strange as it has 2 less episodes (However Deluxe edition owners get a bonus episode where you play as Max again for what it says the Last Time so I would recommend that) Fortunately, I was wrong to worry.The First episode is AMAZING, it feels just like the last Life is Strange but without all the backwards in time stuff. I would strongly recommend buyng this. I have no doubt the second and third episodes will prove to be just as good as this. The first episode seem to take me about an 1hr30m or 2hr to complete. Plus if you miss the collectibles theres always the collectors mode to go back and replay through and it won't affect your choices!One bad thing... How long do I have to wait for the next episode?!"
,Recommended,554620,34649296,Posted: 31 August,all,Ironsufex,"It's great that the game is set in Arcadia Bay with many familiar faces popping up throughout the first episode. The soundtrack is fantastic and very representative of the origional Life is Strange soundtrack. Overall, Before the Storm is a very enjoyable throwback to the Life is Strange universe, revealing things mostly left to speculation and fan theorisation!"
76561198057377661,Recommended,554620,34643426,Posted: 31 August,all,Drabinator,"This...is a hella awesome prequel, loving it already. And Daughter doing the official score?! Don't even get me started, love the new mechanics - Backtalking - fun and intuitive, great work from Deck Nine. Can't wait for the other episodes, well worth your money and as it goes with these games also gotta count the inevitable emotional trauma and PTSD into the price :D"
,Recommended,554620,34647104,Posted: 31 August,all,Big Danny K,I loved it!Can't wait for the rest of the episodes!
,Recommended,554620,34658882,Posted: 1 September,all,François Flynn Long,Fine I'll play Life is Strange again and save Chloe
,Recommended,554620,34655195,Posted: 1 September,all,LibertyUrbanOutlaw,"I didn't even think twice when I pre-ordered it, and just as I thought, it's AWSOME.Even though I was a bit unfamiliar with the gameplay of Before the Storm(e.g. adjusted controls, 'Backtalk'), I got on well with it and was impressed in no time. Same old great story, same old nice characters, same old various of choices&outcomes. In addition, Before the Storm is a prequel instead of sequel, making it more unique and fun to play, and so making it doubltless a great game.The only problem had is that there is no V-Sync setting in this game, and it tears sometimes, other than that, no more issues were encountered. Impressed. Again. (though I forgot to keep it off Intel Graphics Family at first)Episode 1 is hella a blast, can't wait till the next episode! And damn, I kinda miss Max now."
,Recommended,554620,34715812,Posted: 3 September,all,Bakk - Yernemm,"Runs well, looks good and does a great job at explaining the events leading up to the first Life is Strange game. They even introduced a small new dialogue-based gameplay feature (backtalk) to compensate for the lack of time manipulation powers. Overall, a good prequel."
,Recommended,554620,34696825,Posted: 2 September,all,Chloe Price,I LOVE THIS GAME! Thank you to the fans who made up this project! i can't wait to play the other episodes ^^
,Recommended,554620,34644906,Posted: 31 August,all,OrangePanda,"Before this released I was skeptical if it would live up to the first game given it was made by a different studio and would have different voice actors. Having played the first episode, my expectations were blown away. This game is everything I didn't know I wanted from a prequel and more."
,Recommended,554620,34641273,Posted: 31 August,all,Aakburns,Great game.  Watinging for Episode two is the only downside of buying this game right now.
,Recommended,554620,34647983,Posted: 31 August,all,Desfigur4ted,"Feeling the nostalgia flowing.Hopefully a great first episode predicts an even better story in the next two episodes. I found this one more amusing than I thought it would be, without Max and such.I must say that reencountering many places seen on Life is Strange really made me immersive in the game. Also, Chloe and rachel are two very charismatic and enjoyable characters.Accompanied with an amazing soundtrack, this episode makes me wanna play the other two immediately, as well as the bonus one whit Max!10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34666516,Posted: 1 September,all,l2Kl,I'm crying again great job guys
,Recommended,554620,34658813,Posted: 1 September,all,Moxd,What an emotional rollercoaster.
,Recommended,554620,34658725,Posted: 1 September,all,✪ Magic,perfect<3Rachel Amber is so ideal*.*
,Recommended,554620,34687198,Posted: 2 September,all,TALI'MIRAH,"I never thought LIS: Before the Storm will be as good as the original LIS, knowing that DONTOND didn't made it this time but wowser! The first episode was amazing and it has LIS vibes, kinda new experince because no more rewinding time and fixing our convos but knowing the story behind Chloe Price attitude and how Rachel affected her life when Max wasn't there isn't bad after all,And the fact that Rachel Ambers has superpowers same as Max? She can controle wind or whatever was that?? Makes me think about her causing the storm of LIS, what if she isn't dead and she was warning Max and Chloe, what if the mysterious woman is the dead one? And Rachel did really leave Arcadie Bay.Lots of possiblities I wish both games will be linked with the sequel, altho Chloe not being in it in one of the choices makes the sequel tasteless, I can't wait for episode 2, I hope it won't be poorly made and gives us more options."
76561198181038907,Recommended,554620,34910313,Posted: 12 September,all,TheSilentArtisan,This prequel to Life is Strange gives so much more insight on Chloe and her character. You get to see the relationship form between her and Rachel and finally can understand the bond they shared. This beautiful game paired with extraordinary music makes for an amazing gameplay experience.
,Recommended,554620,34651369,Posted: 31 August,all,Sandi✔,Surprisingly got a deep scoop into the past life of Chloe just from episode 1. Can't wait for the rest of it
,Recommended,554620,34786469,Posted: 6 September,all,Ben5218 | csfate.com - pvpro.com,"This is ahellagreat game with ahellagreat story, can't see anyone who is going to hate this one. Totally recommended especially for those who played the original LIS."
76561198017855683,Recommended,554620,34790633,Posted: 7 September,all,Bread,"Alright so, Life Is Strange Before The Storm was a game...This review is probably going to be long, but if you want to know what an emo/scene/punk kid thinks about it, this is worth reading.So first of all I've got to get the unpopular opinion out. I actually like Life Is Strange Before The Storm more than Life Is Strange season 1, and I think that getting rid of the time travel was a good thing. Even if there's only one episode out up till when I write this review.Hear me out:The lack of time travel makes the game a lot more realistic, it makes it more relatable. The way that Before The Storm accomlished to actually make an enjoyable intro episode without anything supernatural, is simply amazing!There is a lot more atmosphere to this game. You get to know the inbetween of the different characters and who relates to who and the areas shows a bit more of Arcadia Bay. For example The Old Mill, it gets the feeling of the underground side to Arcadia bay that we got to know through Chloe and Frank in the first game.The game also really captures the feeling of being an ""Observer"" (Someone who doesn't talk to many, doesn't have a lot of friends, keeps to themselves and just observes everyone around them). Again the game makes it more relatable to some people including myself.The game has topped the first one with the music by some, with bands like: ""Pretty Vicious"", ""Daughter"", ""Speedy Ortiz"" and others. My personal favorite ""Pisshead"". The music is a mix of the old ""Relaxing"" music, and with a lot of new punk-rock music. Which again i personally love, and the music is very subjective if you like it or not. It does make the game a lot more enjoyable if you like the music, but doesn't ruin it.The story, I will be honest has it flaws. There is some points that doesn't really capture you as much as others. Where the first Life Is Strange does this better. But in the end the story in Before The Storm, was so capturing for me that I cried 3 time throughout episode 1. Where 1 of those times was just simply from nostalgia from the first game. If me crying does not prove that the story is good, then I don't know what is.The game is very punk, and if you didn't notice in the first game, Chloe is very punk. so it fits perfectly with her character and it makes the game very nostalgic or just simply better, if you have been or currently are punk.The choices in the game are a lot more meaningful for the individual. Whether you choose to help people (even the worst people from the first game), talk back to people or a whole other choice is polished to the top.Finally, the game has it flaws in some different things, the change of studio and engine is noticable but it's nothing major.I love this game :)"
,Recommended,554620,34669629,Posted: 1 September,all,Vanitas,God damn that prequel is good. Hits all the feels notes and it's just the first episode.Played on hella high quality
76561198043753520,Recommended,554620,34669312,Posted: 1 September,all,mixmaster,Hella good first episode get it asap 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34649878,Posted: 31 August,all,PickleCheeZ™,"What can i say ...Graphics: 10/10Soundtrack: Hella/10Story: Hella/10Am i crying while writing this?: Hella YesIts not only a Great Game, It's just perferct."
,Recommended,554620,34760825,Posted: 5 September,all,BLAWP,Episode 1 was great and connected to the original game exceptionally well. Love it and can't wait for the rest of the game!
,Recommended,554620,34656466,Posted: 1 September,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"Even though this wasn't developed by the makers of the first game, Deck Nine still did an overall solid job of staying true to the first game's feel and atmoshpere. The lip sync never bothered me but it has improved in this one.The soundtrack is very fitting to Chloe's personality, Daughter is fantastic! can't wait for episode 2. I don't recommend playing this if you haven't played the first game however, as having played the first game gives you the bigger picture at understanding some details in this game."
,Recommended,554620,34658640,Posted: 1 September,all,Payrim Dwein,recommended
,Recommended,554620,35043255,Posted: 18 September,all,♥ѕαтυяи♠,Oh jesus. Here we go again for another emotional rollercoasterIt will be a challenge not to tear up. Bring it on !
,Recommended,554620,34645416,Posted: 31 August,all,LuckyFrag,"If you are a fan of the original Life is Strange, this is a must."
,Recommended,554620,34866780,Posted: 10 September,all,Ｗｅｅｂ,Teenage rebellion simulator.exe
,Recommended,554620,34784048,Posted: 6 September,all,Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf,Hella gay
,Recommended,554620,35078383,Posted: 19 September,all,A Walrus,"Neato characters, when people talk and it gives you a decision there was often an option for exactly what i was thinking which is kinda concerning for me. didnt happen nearly as often in the original."
,Recommended,554620,34723629,Posted: 3 September,all,Skipper,"Fantastic prequel. More emotions, more soundtrack, better character immersion and dialog. Buy and support good games"
,Recommended,554620,34655689,Posted: 1 September,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡JC,"Knowing the events inLife is Strange,Life is Strange: Before the Stormprovide the player with story-closure that they needed in terms of understanding the origins of the world of Arcadia Bay. Not only does the soundrack surprisingly suit its Sequel(storywise), Life is Strange, you also come to a better understanding of the Main character as the story unravels her ""baggage""(HiMYM reference). So far Arcadia bay felt more open and alive in Before the Storm than just being a regular small town in Life is Strange. Looking forward to episode 2's release with enthusiasm and anacceptance to cry as a man."
,Recommended,554620,34648408,Posted: 31 August,all,KjNGPjN,Masterpiece. Once again.
,Recommended,554620,34650068,Posted: 31 August,all,deenawawer,Life is Strange? more like Life is Pain..but honestly it turned out hella amazing like the first game and it's just the first episode.the music is incredible as always (Daughter did an amazing job on the score)thank you Deck Nine for creating this masterpiece!I can't wait for episode 2!! <3
,Recommended,554620,34665144,Posted: 1 September,all,FazLa;,"If you're an Life Is Strange fan you really should play this game. It's worth every minute.Finally finished, after 4 days of not playing it due to technical difficulties.My game crashed at drama club, i fixed it just by setting resolution to 1920x1080 and video settings to ""Hella High"" after you get past that part, just get your resolution/settings back to normal.Btw community found fix for this issue, not developers. Just want you to know."
,Recommended,554620,34650434,Posted: 31 August,all,Sh4rK,For Controller Issues1. Go to the Steam application2. Open Settings3. Open the Controller panel4. Click on General Controller Configuration5. A Big Picture window will appear; enable Xbox Controller Support
,Recommended,554620,34653324,Posted: 1 September,all,e| Conquistador,When reading Chloe's texts to Max move you emotionally more than most games out there.. I'm so glad to be back in this world of a teenager in angst.
76561198133769657,Recommended,554620,35486610,Posted: 4 October,all,NerdDwarf,"This isn't Life is StrangeI am in no way saying it is bad but.....It is not the same gameIt is not Life is StrangeIt is a pretty good game so far but compared to the original it is a big letdown, not a huge one but a big one...."
,Recommended,554620,34672134,Posted: 1 September,all,Empathieverlust,"Words cannot describe how incredible Life is Strange is.I wan't to delete all my memorys, to play it again and again.11/10, and I just played chapter 1."
76561198059511168,Recommended,554620,34646195,Posted: 31 August,all,Z-254,"Loving the story and choices so far, can't wait for episode 2 to come out!Will update review once it does."
76561198155877370,Recommended,554620,34660760,Posted: 1 September,all,Marethyu,"Life is Strange: Before the Storm just released and I already finished the first episode twice.I didn't even change any of my choices. I just wanted to experience the story again and see if I missed anything. Even though I was pretty sure I hadn't missed a single thing.If you liked the first games then you're in for a treat.I was afraid that they would mess the story up for Rachel, since you barely knew her in the first game. But now that we've gotten a better look in her backstory I can't wait for episode 2.Truly this is the true torture... Waiting for the next episode to release :P"
,Recommended,554620,34668462,Posted: 1 September,all,Trpaslik,Hella great!
76561198246807502,Recommended,554620,34667411,Posted: 1 September,all,bikinibroek,These were 3.6 hours of pure satisfaction
,Recommended,554620,34791169,Posted: 7 September,all,Cтарый мастер,"I missed Chloe before this one, Now I missed Max."
,Recommended,554620,34660990,Posted: 1 September,all,turner,"great first episode. if you likes the first season, this is more of that good stuff"
,Recommended,554620,34772014,Posted: 6 September,all,Generic Black Person,The First Life is Strange was my absolute favourite game. But it had one problem: many dialogues and characters seemed to be a bit shallow. Especially what Max thought about them.In Before The Storm this problem is completely solved. You fall in love with the characters so quickly. And Chloe actually looks behind the facades of the different people.
,Recommended,554620,34852214,Posted: 9 September,all,Astro Cat,"I actually enjoyed the first episode of Before the Storm a little more than the first episode of Life is Strange. Love the symbolism in this as well as the callbacks to the original game like the deer snow globe. It feels kind of like comparing apples to oranges, but imho this one has more raw, intense emotion and better dialogue. If you felt like Max was a lackluster and kind of annoying protagonist you'll probably like Chloe way better."
,Recommended,554620,34795219,Posted: 7 September,all,ᗩᗰᗷᗴᖇ,Missing You by All Time Low would be a great song for this game.
,Recommended,554620,34666792,Posted: 1 September,all,"makhish ,","I'm a simple man, I see Chloe, I upvote10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34670516,Posted: 1 September,all,Hoot Owl,Graphics: Hella High10/10
76561198349925942,Recommended,554620,34650304,Posted: 31 August,all,Mandy,"There are a few cringe moments, but I guess that comes with playing a teenage girl as a man. Nevertheless, if you enjoyed the original, the first episode is pretty solid."
,Recommended,554620,34643340,Posted: 31 August,all,Dregonos,No words...
,Recommended,554620,34727140,Posted: 3 September,all,AuroraAri,"A worthy successor.Life is Strangewas one of my favorite narratives in gaming when I played through it for the first time, so when I heard there'd be a second game, I was excited and nervous. It would be fantastic to get back to Arcadia Bay, but I had the sequel jitters: would it live up, or drag down the original?Long story short: it lives up. I finished the first episode maybe ten minutes ago and I haven't stopped crying. There's going to be about two months before the next episode, so I might even get back into the original game. This game is well worth the $16.99 you're going to spend on it."
76561197989430702,Recommended,554620,34653340,Posted: 1 September,all,Fleephi,"""You're a badass Chloe Price"""
,Recommended,554620,34823340,Posted: 8 September,all,Tammiej,Beautiful in every way.Beware: lots of daddy issues :3
,Recommended,554620,34646735,Posted: 31 August,all,Arcadia Bay,10/10 would SMASH
,Recommended,554620,34807660,Posted: 7 September,all,Warrior_-_S.A,"Life is Strange: Before the Storm is a decision-based episodic dramatic story-driven adventure game where it serves as a prequel of the original season of Life is Strange in which it takes part two years ago.  With three planned main episodes for this season, the other main character, that is, the 16-year-old Chloe Price, is being introduced in further details in which we get to see her perspective toward her surrounding environment and feel the emotions and hardships she goes through to better understand how she reacts and deals with different issues in her life, that being family, friends, high school, and lifestyle.  With many changes that occurred in her life, Chloe is faced with new realities each time.  The sorrowful passing of her father, the mysterious disappearance of her best friend Max, who is the main character in the original season, the struggle of both emotional and financial stabilities, and the new unusual scary love of Chloe with Rachel Amber are all aspects of story-rich adventure which covey the dramatic elements of Chloe's life.  Yet, she stands determined to follow her motto, that is, ""dream life over real life"" where she unconditionally pursue her happiness with little regard to the negative consequences this may result.  Living real and not faking it is what really derives Chloe to perform her best in life.  The balance between the power of courage and the beacon of innocence in her heart is vital for her success.  Throughout the story, Chloe is seen to face the challenges of this required balance of forces which leads her to the many possibilities in her life both sad and happy ones.  It is crucial now, however, that this season’s perspective of Chloe and Rachel two years prior to the return of Max is considered important to understand the outcomes of this season and how they affected the beginning of the original season.  The emotional concept of relationships and true happiness is a dynamic process in which all the above characters find unsettling while living it.  It is as of a living heart which has its own learnings from the many impacts and alternations of realities due to sever conditions that are out of control. The involvements of other characters, no matter how small, find their way into the story line where views from others could be shifted to reflect new changes upon many issues.  Ultimately, good deeds truly pay off.  Good heart and good human are what make us unique and beautiful.  The lesson of dream, happiness, and achievement is what one will learn from such a lovely story of emotional survival."
,Recommended,554620,34658535,Posted: 1 September,all,ツ bullied,better than the originalthis game has changed mees lit fam
76561198329096406,Recommended,554620,34761531,Posted: 5 September,all,Ashiepie Kawaii,♥♥♥♥in cool
,Recommended,554620,34776805,Posted: 6 September,all,Cl0ck,"The story is pretty good but the gameplay isn't as good as the first game,The ability to rewind time is gone since max isn't in the game but that mechanic was replaced with the back talk mechanic which is good but isn't as good as the rewind time ability in my opinion. I would recomend the game but if you are choosing between this game and the original Life is Strange I would recomend playing the original first."
76561198036821620,Recommended,554620,34642601,Posted: 31 August,all,Nickdarkjohn™,"The first episode is touching and powerful enough to make one appreciate friendship. The whole aspect isn't really that different from the previews title but that actually improves the experience. There are new features, the graphics have imrpoved and there is a Hawt Dawg Man t-shirt that you can have Chloe wear. The music's also mellow and appealing while they've let certain artists introduce their new songs through the game.So far so good... HELLA!"
,Not Recommended,554620,34866736,Posted: 10 September,all,Orphamiel,I experienced a lot of audio bugs where characters talking would suddenly cut off. Ruins the immersion.
,Recommended,554620,34730745,Posted: 4 September,all,FNC Dalio123,"Opens the gameLooks at the graphic settings""HELLA HIGH""Best game ever 10/10"
76561198042081391,Recommended,554620,34734423,Posted: 4 September,all,Alphadroide,Life is Strange: Before the Storm is like the original Life is Strange a wonderful game. It is really interesting to learn more about the past of Chloe Price and Rachel Amber. It was really nice to see more familiar faces. In the first episode there are a lot of interesting scenarios you have to go through. While playing you sympathize with the characters (especially Chloe) and you can really experience the feelings of the protagonists.The game has beautiful backgrounds and great graphics. The gameplay is nearly like it was in the original Life is Strange.I can really recommend this game to everyone who likes interesting and emotional stories. It is a must for everyone who liked the original Life is Strange.
,Recommended,554620,34704120,Posted: 2 September,all,HectorDuenas86,"5/5""Arrrrr.""Chloe PriceThe Good: Rachel Amber.The Bad: Waiting for Episode 2: Brave New World.The Ugly: We all know how it ends.Would rewind time just to buy it again."
,Recommended,554620,34646651,Posted: 31 August,all,Raptorz,"If you like the first game of ""Life is Strange"", you will like this one too."
,Not Recommended,554620,34734677,Posted: 4 September,all,Melissa,"This has left such a sour taste in my mouth on the Steam platform. There are a list of AMD graphics cards that have issues involving this game - read the forums. Game crashes at specific points throughout the game. Also happens for people who have their sound at 7.1 and not stereo. The devs are looking into it, but have said there is nothing they can do involving the graphics card crashes - I spent 4 hours progressing 30 minutes into this game. I purchased it on PS4 and beat it in 2.5 hours. Highly recommend purchasing on another platform if you have an AMD card that is older than a year or two. Steam will not give a refund after 2 hours. Happy I spent $17 for something I cannot play. Game is good, however, and would recommend playing it on PS4 or Xbox. Infuriating how Steam handles these situations though."
,Recommended,554620,34728642,Posted: 3 September,all,Marginalized,Episode 1 is a well done leaving me looking foward for rest of the episodes
76561198027031259,Not Recommended,554620,34901957,Posted: 12 September,all,reverb,episode 1 ~3hrs of gameplay.if this game has a total of 9hrs of gameplay I will be disapointed.I pucharsed the deluxe with the bonus episode and so far their first game is better than this one.Wait till the full game is released before purchasing because ep 3 will be out around steam winter sale.
,Recommended,554620,34705972,Posted: 3 September,all,Lazzadin,"There is something strange and oddly beautiful about the incredibly overwhelming and hearthwarming sensations this game can throw at you. Whatever it is you feel, this game knows how to portrait it just as well as Life is Strange could do it. You can feel what these characters are feeling, you can look back and take an example of your own life to compare, be it because you stood in a similar place yourself or because you can just feel identified by their struggle, by their joy and by their endurance. This is another melancholic trip into the roads and woods of Arcadia Bay, and once again I don't wanna leave.And don't try to find anything better than the soundtrack of this hella amazing game.10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34679651,Posted: 2 September,all,Lomi,"Ok, so for me, LiS stopped being just a game long ago - it's more of a life experience to be honest.I like the backtalk thing more than I liked the rewind. It's more exciting anda lotless annoying. The ""tutorial"" was much better than in LiS. In LiS I kind of disliked Chloe, but the game makes a good job in making sure the player understands her motives. You can play as a rebelious Chloe, an emotional Chloe, or a mix of both and all of the decisions make sense from her perspective. The game is very good even without the supernatural acpectwhich will probably come up in next episodes?. Not having rewind makes you stay on your toes.Other than that, the scenery is amazing and beautiful just like in LiS. The soundtrack matches the game perfectly, although I miss the""This action will have consequences""melody from LiS, but it's not Max anymore so obviously it had to be changed. Oh, and I adore writing on things, it's very ""Chloe"" and a great idea (but also a lot easier than it was to capture that perfect photo).Now, on to the pain of waiting for the next episode..."
76561198049814248,Recommended,554620,34683798,Posted: 2 September,all,matsteele,Did you love life is strange?then this is one hella game for you!Ive found it more story based and cinematic than the first one.Eagerly awaiting episode 2 to have my emotions completly in the control of the writers.Usually im stingey when it comes to buying games but this is one that I happily pay full price on-Buy it.... just saying.
,Recommended,554620,34764704,Posted: 5 September,all,MioisGod,Every minute in this game left a crack in my heart. The same one that is awaiting the moment of shatter once the final episode is played. I just hope I can fit the pieces back together better than I did after completing the original.Highly recommended. 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34657626,Posted: 1 September,all,Dave Rofjob,I wasn't ready.
,Recommended,554620,34650674,Posted: 31 August,all,AndreiaV,"Episode 1 was incredible. The new characters are so damn good and well written. The new animations are phenomenal. The voice-over (including Chloe) is flawless. And we are all going to be head over heels for Rachel Amber, I can tell.The Deck Nine team is on their way to not only filling these shoes but to exceed all expectatitons."
,Recommended,554620,34763621,Posted: 5 September,all,TomR™,"Good soundtrack, new voice actors are good after getting used to them, has the same art style as LIS 1, overall very nice."
,Recommended,554620,34676898,Posted: 1 September,all,ChaosPatriarch,"It's so nice to see a game focused on Chloe's relationship with Rachel. Specially the argument-system that is replacing time-travel, iI love how Chloe met Rachel and a friendship started. And how they approached the loss of her father and her interaction with David.What would i make better? Increase the time in wich you can make your choises, when the time runs out you have just read the last option and sometimes i dont chose the option i really wanted, if they add just like 5 or 7 more seconds it would be perfect. The Ending was full of emotions and it made me know Chloe even better. I am glad i Pre-Ordered"
76561198401495051,Recommended,554620,34766587,Posted: 5 September,all,Deku,This game is amazing! I look forward to future episodes!
,Recommended,554620,34760677,Posted: 5 September,all,(SHN)emmie_girl,The game feels like the original. Music and art are great and the story flowed pretty well so far. I also like the fact we get to play as Chloe. Only thing I'm a little disappointed with is that the game is supposed to be 3 episodes only vs. the original game that had 5 episodes and the voice actors are different.I'd still recommend the game. I don't think it really matters if you play this first (since it's a prequel) before Life is Strange. Only thing is the LIS game has all the episodes out but this only has the first episode out so far ;)
,Recommended,554620,34646966,Posted: 31 August,all,Mango,Someone's hella cutting onions up in here 11/10
76561198067765875,Recommended,554620,34674540,Posted: 1 September,all,Walruspunch,Good story AND THE FEELS ARE REAL. Definitely a worthy successor!
,Recommended,554620,34758663,Posted: 5 September,all,Dildo Baggins,"Let me get this out of the way. I was a huge fan of LIfe is Strange. I loved the story, the characters, and the feeling of having choice. Before the Storm Ep. 1 is a very strong follow up to LiS and I can't wait to see where this story is headed. If you liked the first season (or any Telltale game) you will most likely enjoy this prequel. However, there were some semi-long stretches of this episode where I felt like I was just watching things unfold (albeit, very interesting things) instead of actually playing a game.Pros-characters that have depth-good voice acting- interesting story-cool moral choices that help define ChloeCons-a lot of load screens-not a huge amount of actual gameplay"
,Recommended,554620,34656558,Posted: 1 September,all,Zheco Nol,I felt emotions again.
,Recommended,554620,34748772,Posted: 4 September,all,eviekins,ive only played like 30 mins of gameplay but i already love this game so much:))
76561198098908740,Recommended,554620,34645484,Posted: 31 August,all,|PRose|,I love LIS ! I'm starting to love BTS as well ! I just can't get something off my mind tho..I'm usually not good wit remembering specifics BUT ...i sort of had this feeling that the first episode needed 1or2 soundtracks at VERY specific times..Like the scene where they drank the wine - i felt like there was always a song in the background for LIS or..ar least for those kind of moments. That is the only thing that sliiightly bothered me but it wouldev been a reaaaal coooool n touchy polish !
,Recommended,554620,34645455,Posted: 31 August,all,ale9411,"FANTASTIC: good story, amazing scene, some scene probably can be done differently for a better  result but after all its only the first episode so i hope that the emotial terms can only grow!ps: sorry for my english!"
,Recommended,554620,34723558,Posted: 3 September,all,Sarkastisch,"Due to the replacements in the game engine, writers, music, and voice actors, you would believe the initial reactions to be bad. They were exactly opposite. They game is still reminiscent of the first installments art style and writing. The story blew me away and pulled me more than Life is Strange did and that really says something! This game will not disappoint."
,Recommended,554620,34681599,Posted: 2 September,all,DuaLipa6.90,Definitly play the first part before this one but 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34681572,Posted: 2 September,all,W4RH4WK,Deck Nine exceeded my expectations :)
76561197978378770,Recommended,554620,34740063,Posted: 4 September,all,terrydwj,"Fantastic experience for fans of the original Life is Strange.  This is a prequel where you control Chloe three years before the events of Life is Strange.  You get to meet the mysterious Rachel Amber and explore her relationship with Chloe.There is no rewind power in this prequel, instead Chloe has a talkback ability that lets her talk her way into/out of otherwise impossible situations.The game excels at building upon an already established world of story rich characters, while also enriching what came before.  There is no quality drop-off from Dontnod to Deck Nine.  The writing, the music, and the visuals are all on par with the original series.This is a must have for fans of Life is Strange."
,Recommended,554620,34739248,Posted: 4 September,all,GamerBot,"This is such a well done prequel which makes you love Chloe even more. You get to see that Max isn't that perfect girl in the first game, she's actually a neglectful friend to Chloe whereas Chloe misses her so much. So far the first episode brought out how the sad Chloe misses her friend and dad so much and how her life gets brightened up with the one person we meet. This prequel brought even more love for Rachel and i can already feel sad for what is to happen on the first game. Of all, The Developer fans of Life is strange have done a great work with characters and story so far"
,Recommended,554620,34771837,Posted: 6 September,all,Joshy,"Obviously you would have had to play the original game to fully understand this one. It's awesome to see Rachel in the living flesh and the beginnning of her relationship with Chloe.Also, I'm a big fan of the new soundtrack, it's a lot more rock 'n' roll compared to the original game. (Since it's themed around Chloe and not Max).Has the same emotional depth, if not more, compared to the first game and I look forward to the nest episodes!P.S.: I recommend playing this game (and the original) with some wine or beer, it will make the emotional side of the game that much more engaging."
76561198042981738,Recommended,554620,34714383,Posted: 3 September,all,Admiral Chocobos,I went super sand lesbian for Rachel Amber.
,Recommended,554620,34672147,Posted: 1 September,all,chemicalsam,"An amazing prequel to Life is Strange, BTS is somehow even more touching and emotional than the first. A great cast of characters with familiar faces. The only downside to this game is waiting for the other 2 episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34758601,Posted: 5 September,all,gilangkanigara89,"I'm gonna say that I was a bit skeptical when this game was announced. But, I think I can safely say that Deck Nine exceeded my expectation with this game. Although only the first episode has been released so far, I think it is a great addition to the Life is Strange universe."
76561198085845512,Recommended,554620,34653619,Posted: 1 September,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"Welcome back to Life is Strange.This time, it's the prequel time, telling a story where it starts from Rachel and Chole and ends with Max and Chole. And we see a progression of how Chole transforms from edgy wannabe, to real edgy, to crazy edgy and later becomes less edgy and friendly.It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play as an edgy kid,which reveals the character development is solid.This game has so much cringe from the very start, to play as Chole Price, the one edgy kid in your high school that dosen't have any friend, being viciously rebellious and the attitude of hating everything. I'd say it's casual, she has no idea what real sociopath means. But that's considerable, to see a teen girl who lost her closest relative and lacks tons of love in life.Such it is rare case for the rest of world, but it explains the motivation of this girl's behaviors. She just needs some more love, but reality shuts her down cold-heartedly.In the vanilla LiS, we never actually saw a cameo from Rachel, not even a voiceline. So I think that was intended, to release her performance in this prequel.Well story is still as good as the previous one, but the new system, which mimics Max's time reversal ability, the backtalk system is hardly used by me in the run. And it's not exactly that straightforward as Max's.Other than that, there's really nothing to complain about. I expect the following episodes and surely the sequel of LiS.P.S. I always wonder why the team wants to depict the protagonists as LGBT. Max was allegedly lesbian, Chole was too. Now the most popular kid in the school Rachel is too? Damn the sexuality confuses me. I am a guy, I have problems grasping how that feeling works towards Rachel. And Chole is an edgy kind who has no friend, isn't it normal to have a new friend rather than ""the specific other in life""?And the behaviors from Rachel is even more unexplainable. She burnt down a whole forest for her father's been cheating. I'm like, what? Chole lost her father and you don't her act like that. Wonder why she got to the ""top spot"" in school."
76561198120543497,Recommended,554620,34783738,Posted: 6 September,all,mr.tasoz,soundtracks are great again!!!
,Recommended,554620,34782677,Posted: 6 September,all,IHeartHD,Yes.
76561198054738793,Recommended,554620,34793848,Posted: 7 September,all,DomUndead_GR,Incredible so far. The music and visuals feel perfect for Chloe. If you enjoyed the first game then is is a must buy.
,Recommended,554620,34720169,Posted: 3 September,all,-Syиk-,"What I think about the first episode:- Overall the 1st episode is VERY GOOD, the gameplay is like it was in LiS 1, but some stuff changes with the characters too.- This first episode appealed for our feelings as did LiS 1, however CHLOE AND MAX ARE DIFFERENT PERSON WITH DIFFERENT PERSONALITIES, SO THE GAMES ARE A LOT DIFFERENT TOO, LiS 1 was more calm, strangely nostalgic, even when you play for the 1st time. This game is more like Chloe... Agressive, angry, negligent in some stuff, but it has a lot of fun moments too, because of Rachel.- Rachel is very sweet and friendly and that's why everybody likes her. Including the players, I think.- The backtalk mechanism is very nice, but I think there should be more time to decide what's the best option, I do not like to do thinks in a hurry.There is somethings that don't make sense yet...1st: Why there are characters that appear in LiS: Before the Storm that do not appear in LiS 12nd: How different Chloe is even though she isn't YET what she is was in LiS 1I really hope this 2 things are explained in the next 2 episodes.If you liked LiS, and you didn't like Chloe, maybe this game isn't for you then, you need to understand the qualities and flaws in Chloe."
76561198040639026,Recommended,554620,34797815,Posted: 7 September,all,Kaori,"9.99/10, cus there should be an option where you forget everything you watched so you can get the full experience again (like in Men in Black)"
,Recommended,554620,34797137,Posted: 7 September,all,IndieBlitz57,"An incredible prequel/successor to LiS. The character development is phenomenal, as we get to connect to these character so quickly and closely, I was crying before the episode even ended. I look forward to playing the next two!!"
,Recommended,554620,34651326,Posted: 31 August,all,ur mom,Life Is Strange like what more must I say this game is one of the best story telling game not even the walking dead can top this.
,Recommended,554620,34797355,Posted: 7 September,all,Coppenst,"It's not always easy to make a game which is as amazing as the first one in a sequel.But not to say it's not bad, but the music in the first one was Amazing from another planet and I think this is a little bit less but still great!Nonetheless the ending of this episode makes me hunger for the rest, the cliffhanger raises more questions that needs answers by playing the whole story! I also hope it will not stay with only 3 episodes but that they will surprise us with some extra stuff and episodes ♥Thank you for this amazing serie"
,Recommended,554620,34734912,Posted: 4 September,all,DeltaTwoThree,"did not disappoint, I think I believed some comment out there that a  prequel or sequel was unnecessary and that there is not much more to explore Chloe's life, but when I played Episode 1 I guess it just strengthens your emotions more when you play the Life Is Strange main storyline, especially when you get to the part where Chloe discovered where Rachel went. (So as not to spoil anything for those people who haven't played the Life is Strange EP 1 to 5.)"
,Recommended,554620,34808808,Posted: 7 September,all,Chapacha,"Like any narrative game not 100% of the lines are delivered perfectly and with the right conviction, but overall an amazing game! Makes me feel like a teen girl, though I never have been."
76561198043686660,Recommended,554620,34756905,Posted: 5 September,all,paralleluniverse,Before the Storm is hella amazing. It's got all the feels of the original. Writing is superb and witty. Great job!
,Recommended,554620,34822263,Posted: 8 September,all,'Cause I'm BATMAN,"Fan service at its best. Its intriguing and will move u.It ditches the time rewinding mechanic and doubles down on story and introduces chloe's backtalk which can be called ♥♥♥♥♥talk at best because thats what u do ,insult after insult to win an arguement.Deck Nine is not Dontnod but they did a hella amazing job in this prequel.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥♥talk with principal wells again.WELLS RAWKS.see for yourselves.https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Dqx6NSqeNlo/maxresdefault.jpg"
76561198138473232,Recommended,554620,34671943,Posted: 1 September,all,Matthewsworld,"After playing the original life is strange all the way through, i was genuinely sad that it was over, so as you could expect, when i found out of this games existence, i was excited out of my mind. At first i wasn't too sold on the lack of time travel, but i quickly forgot about it as the experience this game offers is matched only by the original. Best game of 2017 so far."
,Recommended,554620,34666273,Posted: 1 September,all,Rafficer,Don't read anything about it. Just play it. Thank me later.
,Recommended,554620,34648829,Posted: 31 August,all,Mtn,I'm so happy they're releasing Chloe and Rachel's back story. I've been wondering about what kind of person she was. Episode one was absolutely astounding and I was not disappointed a bit. I highly recommend this.
,Recommended,554620,34692189,Posted: 2 September,all,mattiejas,"Just finished the first episode yesterday, and I can honestly say that I've really enjoyed this prequel so far! On the technical front, I was very pleased to see that the lipsync issues which plagued the original game have been fixed. On the gameplay front, no more time travel and resulting puzzles, but instead we now have ""argument"" minigames, which excellently match the style and manner of the main character Chloe.The story behind the first episode is pretty deep, even though a bit cliche at times. Perhaps the weakest point is the opening of the game, which isn't all that spectacular and feels more like a dull tutorial lacking emotional engagement. The opening is definitely not nearly as intriguing as the opening of the original Life is Strange game. But once the aha moment is established at the end of the first scene, it's the usual emotional rollercoaster that feels so familiar when you've played the original.To conclude, this game is definitely worth your money, especially if you enjoyed the original game."
,Recommended,554620,34680649,Posted: 2 September,all,ZA WARUDO!,This has the Final fantasy 7 Crisis core formula where you feel like you're really getting attached to the main heroines but you know they have horrible ♥♥♥♥♥♥ endings waiting for them at the end. Valar Morghulis.
,Recommended,554620,34645536,Posted: 31 August,all,𐌓๏ятαℓ мεηαcε,"When I first saw LiS was on youtube where I watched this guy playing episode one, since then I'v followed the whole story, brought it for Xbox and then on PC just so I could keep going through the game.LiS:Before the Storm came and the smile on my face lit up when I first herd about it, pre-ordered asap and then couldn't wait, it's good to be back in arcadia bay! with it's great story, Stunning visuals and heart feeling moments. Episode 1 got me so hyped I rushed home from work just to play it and I'm glad I did, after all this waiting I wasn't dissapointed as the episode gave it all.The Art is unique but this is what gives it that wow style when playing and the story is always a rollercoaster ride with it's emotional ups and downs, can see already that LiS: Before the storm will send you on the ride again just like it's main game. Love how much detail is still within the game and how much exploring you can do in certain areas with interaction around the place to keep you looking for things.One thing I can def say: why do we have to wait for the next episodes?! I can't! this game just makes you want to play the whole thing in one go without the wait."
,Recommended,554620,34643177,Posted: 31 August,all,Cheating Death,"Thank you deck nine for awesome story, emotions.Guys, they did it once again.I'm crying. And reason of that is just how this story goes, character feelings.This game is masterpiece.Would recommend to everyone.Try it, you will not regret.Game worth every penny."
,Recommended,554620,34663619,Posted: 1 September,all,chaoszan,"This game is the Prequel to the game "" Life is Strange "" and its finally answering all the questions we had and more about the events that happened before the original game. This is a must buy for any life is strange fan !"
,Recommended,554620,34651333,Posted: 31 August,all,ya big meatball,"At first, I was EXTREMELY unsure whether or not I would be able to play this first episode and come away from it with a ""I actually really enjoyed this."" Life is Strange remains one of my top 5 favorite games, and while Before the Storm is good, it's definetely more of a nostalgia trip along with a plethora of new (mostly) interesting characters.As you will see, most of the negative reviews for this game are because of the crashing during playing, failure to start up, or not optimized for controller settings. A very select few of them are for the game itself, which is surprising to me, but also not, depending on if they even played the first game at all.That being said; if you did not like Chloe in LiS, you will NOT like her here. It's pretty self explanatory.I was underwhelmed, to say the least, when I saw the game reveal because of the change in voice acting. Not just Chloe is different, I mean EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER you liked, right, they're a different voice now. (Though I could be incorrect on Nathan, I can't quite remember.) This may not impact you, but for me loving the original so much, it was a step in the wrong direction, I miss Ashly Burch immensely here. The new VA is great, don't get me wrong, it's just hard to get used to. My only other problem would be Rachel and Chloe sounding almost TOO alike in some scenes, but again, I was surprised at not being too annoyed with this decision.Making Rachel an actual, living, breathing character instead of an unknown entity guiding you, was one of my other concerns, but surprisingly, I like her. She's everything you thought she would be, yet everything tortured and so... imperfect than the vision Max had of her. I won't say any spoilers, but the depth provided in the first episode alone is enough to make me crave more.Being a gay woman myself, obviously this factors in on how much I'm enjoying this new beginning. Chloe is one of my favorite characters, for obvious reasons, and her struggles are very relatable to me. She's dealing with a lot of grief here, so if you expected everything to be more calm and lighthearted, or even more relaxed than the original, you're dead wrong. The romantic subtext helps ease the mood, and though I do quite like the vibe they have going, knowing how it all ends makes me dread each decision that much more. In fact, there were actually some jokes that made me smile, or even laugh a bit, which gets a few bonus points for appealing to my emotions. Yet, despite Before the Storm already having a canon ending, I can't help but want to go back and try the things that I didn't, just to see how much I can mess it up.Backtalk was a new and very interesting way to revise the time traveling mechanic, and while it may not have that Life is Strange-esque feel, it's something I love to push my luck with (and I haven't failed yet!) It was a wise decision adding this, and I feel if the game didn't have this, I may not even be listing BtS as recommended, truthfully.All of this is coming from an avid LiS fan, crazy conspiracy theories and all, but each game has it's faults, and I won't deny that I was EXPECTING to be disappointed, which is no good for a game. I'm betting that a lot of people have felt the same way, but I do encourage you to give it a try, because it wasn't as bad as I predicted it would be (and I love Max dearly, so you can imagine how I felt.)Even so, if you didn't like LiS, here are some big improvments I noticed:-the animations!! Finally the voice lines up with the mouth movements. Faces are much more expressive, legs and arms aren't jittery. Obviously LiS had it's own, endearing way of hair clipping through hoodies, but I do enjoy the jigglebone feel when Chloe moves her head around.-character design. This may be a little vague, but if you payed close attention to earlier models, a lot of them were... cut and paste. I felt a bigger sense of realism when interacting with other people, even animals. The squirrels are different sizes now, the people have their own busts, and there's a wide range of them to look at. (I honestly love squirrels a lot so seeing a chubby one with a skinnier one made my day.)TLDR : So. If you are on the fence about purchasing this game due to Reasons, here's what I have to tell you: give it a try. I was one of those people, and I do not regret spending my money on this game. I look forward to more episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34703027,Posted: 2 September,all,Sweet Soup,If you were wondering how all the forest fires in the western side of america have been starting lately give this game a play
76561198215030129,Recommended,554620,34702957,Posted: 2 September,all,Linked Ferret,"The only problems with this game that I have are mainly because it's a prequel. If I were honest, I'd give it a 7/10, which basically means you'd get what you'd expect. I don't feel the same charm that I did with the original game, but I still found this one to be good."
,Recommended,554620,34710352,Posted: 3 September,all,notme,Great game like no others.Everyone must play it
76561198276804004,Recommended,554620,34710305,Posted: 3 September,all,Not From Paris Madame,It's amazing how this game tells the story beautifully just like the 1st one. You can clearly understand now how and why Chloe becomes so close to Rachel. Play LifeIsStrange 1st before playing this game.Pros:Music          :10/10GamePlay   :10/10Overall        :10/10Cons:Non>>>>
76561198059880369,Recommended,554620,34650987,Posted: 31 August,all,duntre,ugh my heart. i love everything about it
76561198305930194,Recommended,554620,34645993,Posted: 31 August,all,Lord Walder Frey,"Great first episode, way above expectations."
76561198176143611,Recommended,554620,34664049,Posted: 1 September,all,DuskinCZ,"First episode is already out and I couldn't expect nothing better than this! Amazing prequel that describes events that had happened before the 1st Life is Strange game. Story is based on the new strong relationship between Chloe and Rachel, two girls from Arcadia Bay that have personal problems and have to deal with them together. Very promising game with beautiful soundtrack which made me feel same way as 1st LiS did. Looking forward to next episodes! 10/10"
76561198403925085,Recommended,554620,34676104,Posted: 1 September,all,バレンタイン セーラ,"Simply Amazing , HELLA AMAZING, Recommend It !!!"
76561197987738363,Recommended,554620,34691419,Posted: 2 September,all,Poka,／人◕﻿ ‿‿ ◕人＼﻿
76561198008707404,Recommended,554620,34668745,Posted: 1 September,all,Penguin,"""Uuuh.. Nice Rachel we're having, I mean weather"""
,Recommended,554620,34650436,Posted: 31 August,all,Lori | Farmskins.com,"When I heard they were making a second game, my expectation was very low. When I heard it was a prequel it was lowered even more. But after playing through episode one I would definitely say that it's worth it for nothing else but episode one. I would say that it is definitely on par if not better than the first game. Take note that this game is not for everyone, it is a completely story based game that some people may not find appealing. Episode 1 is a 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,554620,34693378,Posted: 2 September,all,Dan,Good game. Not as good as the first but good
,Recommended,554620,34691723,Posted: 2 September,all,Zyntex,"After I finished Life is Strange i felt empty. I didn't know how much I missed Arcadia Bay till I played this first episode.Deck Nine has done an amazing job creating a prequel to a game with such a cult following. Deck Nine thank you for taking  me back to a world that I missed so dearly. You guys so far are doing an amazing job. This game so far is living up to the original and building on it with more character background and more story. I can't praise this game without saying you must play the first game before playing this one. Can't thank Dontnod and Deck Nine enough for making this game happen. I honestly never thought I would return to Arcadia Bay this soon.Pros: Soundtrack, Story is great, Great character development, runs great, and hella great graphics.This game has ""hella high"" graphics nice touch Deck Nine here are some screenshots:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1126436496http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1126436849http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1126437248Cons: Nothing at all so farKeep up the great work Deck Nine, don't disapoint me!"
76561198012425174,Recommended,554620,34682191,Posted: 2 September,all,Shimmer,All the feels...
,Recommended,554620,34878949,Posted: 11 September,all,parched_poet,"Like many people here, Life is Strange remains one of my favorite games of all time. So when I heard there was a prequel series in the works, to be developed by a different studio, without Ashly Burch returning as Chloe, I remained highly skeptical that it could ever match the magic of the original. But after finishing the first episode, I am happy to say my reservations were totally misguided. Somehow, Deck Nine has recaptured the humor and melancholy of Arcadia Bay with taste, respect, and a careful eye for the themes and characters developed by Dontnod. They appear to have a strong vision for how Before the Storm will blend thematically with the first Life is Strange, and I am happy to be talking about the series in the present tense once more. While I never thought the story of Chloe and Rachel needed to be told, I eagerly await what Deck Nine has planned. Hella recommended."
76561198092150526,Recommended,554620,34903182,Posted: 12 September,all,Smokeweed D Bear,shaka brah
,Recommended,554620,34694978,Posted: 2 September,all,Pickle VItamins,Ninjas cutting onions and blowing dust in my eyes
,Recommended,554620,34883712,Posted: 11 September,all,Boro bot,1st epsiode and its soundtracks are awsome! can't wait for episode 2
,Recommended,554620,34648795,Posted: 31 August,all,AstraNox,Hella wicked Cool!
,Recommended,554620,34740540,Posted: 4 September,all,Ellen Page #Bahrieber,"This is one the best game I have ever played. It's a masterpiece.Awesome story, characters, unique graphics, and epic feelings.You need to play this game it's a truly amazing game.10/10 I really love this game"
,Recommended,554620,34641066,Posted: 31 August,all,✪ coa100,"the game is brilliant and it is good just like the first gameget it,you won't regret it trust me"
,Recommended,554620,34644017,Posted: 31 August,all,StormCloudsGathering,"EP 1 REVIEW!So, I loved the first life is strange. Im a lonely person (typical audiance for this series) and it helped me cope with some stuff.But at the same time I was very worried going into this game, knowing they were styling the game the same but without the rewind, and a totally new studio.I've been pleasently suprised! This game is damn good. The mingames, collectable graffiti, and the way Rachel is portrayed all fit together great. The minigames was a pleasent suprise in particular, but it opened up another side of Chloe that is long gone in LiS because of Rachels dissappearence.I recommend this for anyone who loved the first game, and for anyone looking to get into the series, it could be a starting point, though I would say play the first game.Pros-Chloe's different personality, and how she develops from this into LiS-Chloe and Rachels relationship develops very... naturally. Chloe is that weird outcast and Rachel is that popular girl, and they act like it, edge and cringe included.-Nice and long first episode, I put a good 4 hours into it. (Nearly)Cons-Made me really sad D:It was worth the preorder and it's worth a buy now."
,Recommended,554620,34643627,Posted: 31 August,all,Sharper,We have to choose between squirrels and birds! Not Fair.
,Recommended,554620,34644289,Posted: 31 August,all,Sjaakrockstar,"Have played the first episode and completed it (not 100%). At first I wasn't sure what to expect. I've read some bad reviews before BtS got released over here. But while playing the game, the game made sure I was getting those Life is Strange feelings back. The way Chloe is feeling is totally legit. Rachel is an interesting character the way the devs wanted to show her. The mystery from the original LiS is still there.The only real negative thing I have is that the voice acting seems a bit off at times. Even though Chloe is the most sarcastic girl out there.I'd recommend for newcomers to play LiS first before playing this one for ultimate feels."
,Recommended,554620,34642056,Posted: 31 August,all,Atlantis777,Life is Strange is a journey you take through many emotions and some things change depending on what you choose.This is totally something you have to experience yourself like Undertale / Ori and the Blind Forest. Totally worth buying!9.5/10
,Recommended,554620,34643276,Posted: 31 August,all,Laura / UltimateWolf,"everything worked perfectly fine for me, first off.I am a huge fan of the first game and I was beyond excited when this game got announced. Knowing that Ashly wouldn't voice Chloe was kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥but I understood the reason and considering she was still involved in the project made it a lot better. Playing the game, I didn't mind the change in voices too much, even though some lines sounded a bit off, maybe because I was used to the way Ashly represents Chloe in the first game.I love the story and the honest turns in the character Chloe Price, despite them being fairly 'angsty' in a way. Chloe is hurting in this and you can feel the intensity of her pain, which really impressed me. I'm so happy I bought the game early and got to play it straight away, waiting for the download to finish was torture.All in all I highly recommend this game, if you are into story based games. My brother dubbed the LiS games 'Tumblr - The Game', which might be true for people that dont relate to the way the characters are depicted in this. If you liked the first game, I'm sure you will love this! I can't wait for the next episode and the bonus stuff for the Deluxe Edition."
,Recommended,554620,34644000,Posted: 31 August,all,KevDamDamHUN,"I waited for the continue so much! When I launched my game, and I saw the menu, and Clhoe, and that soundtrack, tears were my ears!!! Once I saw Clhoe, I almost cried like a baby, It's very weird we don't have rewind powers, but we have something else.. One thing was weird, the voice actors, not the same as in Life Is Strange. I missed their voice, but it was alright, and Rachel Amber, ammmm when I saw her, and we was on the train, tears again.... And middle of the game (No don't want to spoiler and I won't) But made me cry .... Those feelings, Clhoe is alone, and gives to the player that lonely feeling, that's right, Clhoe describes my teenange life, no friends, totally alone...I totally can feel her, that's why I mostly cried like a baby... I missed max too, when she said ""Wish Max would be here when I need her most"" That sentence got me ....And cried.... At that ending, gosh, that pain and feelings!!!! I can't describes how I feel right now! I can't wait for the Episode 2. I'm really happy about the deluxce edition thing, clothest stuff, I really loved all of them!!! :) + Good point the Episode 1 was very long! I really liked it!!!  I wonder what episode we get for the last of Max Caulfield... <3 I'm really happy I bought this game, and I can support you guys with my money!! I hardly reccomend this game!! 10/10 <3"
76561198136147402,Recommended,554620,34643807,Posted: 31 August,all,Israel-Yerushalayim,"I am stunned!To be back to this incredible work is awesome.you really feel back home.The story, up to now, is absolutly amazing!quite a few twists are very interesting and surprising.the soundtrack is, as always, brilliant.i have to admit i cried during the first episode..it is heartbreaking and explains the pain of chloe..it really fills the whole of not knowing why chloe is so sad about rachel..(no spoilers!)you have to buy it and PLAY it!"
,Recommended,554620,34644207,Posted: 31 August,all,Lawless Raptor,I have preordered the Game as soon as I could and I didn't got disappointed! The first episode was not just awesome. It was kinda stunning how they made it fit together again. I dont regret that I bought it. So much emotions in such a short time deserves hella much prices again! I'm looking forward to the other 2 episodes!
76561198123247394,Recommended,554620,34643744,Posted: 31 August,all,☢VaultGirl☢,"Being a massive fan of Life is Strange i was concerned about this one due to it changing developers but i have to say, don't let it put you off. The writing in just chapter 1 is incredible and has you feeling every emotion going. Never did i think anything would beat Life Is Strange but if before the storm carries on like this.... I'll say its better.Now just the agonising wait for the rest xDDo yourself a favour and play this if you loved the first oneIf you havn't played it? Stop reading my damn review, buy the first one, play it, then this one"
,Recommended,554620,34644580,Posted: 31 August,all,Alexandr_Ocarinax,"The simple way to put it? It's Hella amazing!!!Fans of the original Life is Strange game are in for a treat as the style is very similar with the exclusion of some of the cheesy lines xDThe second game also has a few surprising addition to the game in terms of the Speech Mechanics that are looking pretty great so far.For just under £14 this game is an absolute steal and I really cannot praise the first chapter enough.Life is Strange: Before the Storm gives so much information on characters from the first game such as: Chloe Price, Rachel Amber, Frank and many more!!!I can only see it getting better from here on out so if you havent bought it, then what on earth are you doing with your life ya fool!!!!! :D"
76561198106287739,Recommended,554620,34645518,Posted: 31 August,all,Ramalho,Just buy it.
,Recommended,554620,34647607,Posted: 31 August,all,Arma™,10/10 Waiting for next episode :(
,Recommended,554620,34647415,Posted: 31 August,all,Setarcos04,User reviews: Hella Positive.
,Recommended,554620,34644515,Posted: 31 August,all,azureScapegoat,It had a quote from Mao Tse-Tung in it. A+
,Recommended,554620,34648763,Posted: 31 August,all,unrxvl,"Graphics quality: low, medium, high, hella highGood meme"
,Recommended,554620,34644777,Posted: 31 August,all,Linus,"Based on the first episode, it's every bit as good as the original - with considerably better presentation."
76561198108562053,Recommended,554620,34653437,Posted: 1 September,all,Torch,Outstanding story and choice choosing game. Did an amazing job creating the first episode.
,Recommended,554620,34646614,Posted: 31 August,all,Commander Prax,"One episode in, and I already think I'll enjoy Chloe's series more than the original.In terms of gameplay, it's still the same storytelling mechanic from the original series, except with Chloe's own unique feature of being able to ""backtalk"" someone into getting what you want. There's also a cool minigame of sorts if you are into table-top games!The Max's series had the drawback that the developers were still trying to iron out how to use Max's powers in a storytelling game, which led to some weird and sometimes annoying mechanics in the first two episodes. However, by the end, Max's mechanics had been fully fleshed out, and gave a great ending to the series.I feel like Deck Nine had already known what went right with the first game, and built upon it. The soundtrack is amazing, the storyline is more involving, and the new backtalk feature feels more exciting than Max's ability did. Just like the original, each character has a unique look and langauge that makes them mean more to you than their cartoonish apperance shows. I'm sure I'm about as far away from the demogrpahic that the developer was targeting as you can get, yet Chloe's story still makes sense and is interesting. Really looking forward to the next episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34648912,Posted: 31 August,all,Levitan17,"I confess that I was worried with this prequel because it's not the same studio doing it...I was very gladly proved wrong!Deck Nine is following the Dontnod work with very much care... It's a very beautiful game, very emotional, soundtrack is amazing... I'm loving it as much as the original game (Reivew at Epidose 1)....It is very sad and a bit devastating to start loving so much Rachel ... only to know how it ends in the original game...I'm very glad I bought the Deluxe Edition... I hope Deck9 keeps up the fantastic work in the next episodes!Gotta think before acting more because of no Time Rewind..."
76561198160395467,Recommended,554620,34645806,Posted: 31 August,all,Grey teeth :'(,"Only one episode has been released and I can already tell I will love the rest of the game! Other than some glitches (Which are to be expected around release and will surely be fixed soon enough), the first episode was absolutely amazing."
76561198101170345,Recommended,554620,34646610,Posted: 31 August,all,Frodonut,"In my eyes this is even better than the original Life Is Strange and to be honest, I didnt excepted that.Deck 9 really was able to catch the unique spirit of lis:-There are Grafittis instead of the Photo-Collectibles-There is a hella awesome dialouge mechanic instead of the time-travelling-Of course there are still the choices with consequencesTheres way more to go but I dont want to spoiler...This game is definitly worth your money when you played lis and you loved it."
76561198301141009,Recommended,554620,34645570,Posted: 31 August,all,awebb005,Awesome!
,Recommended,554620,34641911,Posted: 31 August,all,Paper,"This game is absolutely worth the purchase for any Life is Strange fan. At first I had a lot of doubts thanks to the new developers, but this game remains 100% faithful to the first game. The story, art, direction and subtle hints are all fruitful and amazing. Despite changing most of the voice actors, Chloe's new VA is quite phenomenal in most scenes while others leave something to be desired. (Rachel's is awesome!)I also love the fact that this tells Chloe's story, not Max's. But don't mistaken the absence of our 'Everyday Hero' as cutting Max out completely, she still holds a ton of influence on Chloe. I also loved-loved-loved the sound design and soundtrack. Overall, 7/10 from me.(Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that ending tho)"
76561198057906297,Recommended,554620,34647696,Posted: 31 August,all,¬__¬,"It's good, but it needs more to reach the height of the first game. I felt it very forced; Is full of emotion (feeling and other like the first LIS) but does not hook as much as the first, perhaps because the story unfolds too quickly. You understand the why of Chloe's way of being and the Rachel's personality that is the main point of their friendship. I'm sure the following chapters will be amazing as is the saga itself."
,Recommended,554620,34648000,Posted: 31 August,all,Sloth,"First Episode OnlyThis game, along with its previous installment, is a gorgeous piece of art. It is ""one of those game"", it's not about the gameplay. Here the goal isn't to get to the end and/or get all the hidden collectibles, it is to witness and live an emotional journey. Therefore if you wanna play this game you need to be looking for a different kind experience and pay attention not only to the story but also details, wherever they are, in the environment, in the characters or in the soundtrack .From the way the game conveys its emotions, making us, the player, relate and appreciate the characters' temper and individuality. This is a point where Life Is Strange emphasizes more than the Telltale games for example. Heck in this first episode I literally bursted out laughing and cried 20 mins later.I also feel like it is important to note the time it lets to the player to explore and admire his surroundings along with a really fitting soundtrack.It is too early to see if the choice system has an real impact onto the game. But from what I've seen it could be influencing a lot more than in other games of the same type.Although I really apreciate this first episode, I still have to admit that the storyline and dialogs might come off as really cheesy or even cliché, and that the main character can be an huge edgelord (only if you make her be one of course)."
,Recommended,554620,34643192,Posted: 31 August,all,Eggjam,EPISODE 1 IS REALLY GOOD. HOPE THEY RELEASE EPISODE 2 SOON
,Recommended,554620,34653652,Posted: 1 September,all,Sister Fister,"Life is Strange was my favourite game of 2015. So I came into this with huge expectations and I must say they were met.  Deck Nine really nailed the atmosphere and setting of Arcadia Bay, I love their take on the LiS universe. I'll keep editing my review after each episode comes.Episode 1:Straight off the bat I will say the new VA for Chloe made the voice her own. She sounds exactly like how I pictured a young Chloe would. The game while being in the same universe and same art style as LiS, feels really different and I love it more for it. For those of us who are fans of the game and are attached to the characters, this game is amazing. But if you haven't played LiS, you may not like it. Personally I'd say go for it, and if you can buy and play LiS before this. That will make the game so much more better. The music is as usual phenomenal. The setting, the storyline, character dynamic almost everything about Episode 1 was flawless to me. I can't really say anything else without spoiling the story so I must say try the game for your own. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,554620,34645242,Posted: 31 August,all,#Pricefield,"EP1:Great start of LiS prequel.Despite it is not developed by Dontnod and it is running on different engine, IT IS Life is Strange. Deck Nine managed to keep the style of game/franchise - beautiful visuals, great soundtrack, rich, choices matter story, full of details and interesting ""special ability"" of main heroine.The only thing I can't get used to is different Chloe's voice, but it's not that bad."
,Recommended,554620,34651869,Posted: 31 August,all,Assassin_Killer,"I would recommend this game to anyone who played the first Life is Strange.So far is looks like its going to be a great game.Pros: Music, graphics, characters, story, collector modeCons: No more rewind, Only 3 episodes.After you played the episode, Collector mode allows you to play the game and if you missed a graffiti you can just play that scence and get what you miseed without effecting your original game play with all the choices you made.(Wish the first Life is Strange had this)so this looks and sounds good just as the first Life is Strange.The only thing I'm disliking at the moment is No more rewind(I understand why) so when you actually chose something your stuck with it. So i guess im gonna have to play the game more then once which isnt a bad thing. I also wish it would be more then 3 episodes but it could be a good thing."
,Recommended,554620,34652367,Posted: 31 August,all,Belphasm,"The feeling.. its there again. This is truely ""Life is Strange"". I cried.. not because I wanted to.. Yet because my eyes filled themselves with tears."
,Recommended,554620,34647454,Posted: 31 August,all,I is Potato,After just the first Episode im already reminded why I love the Life is strange series. The story is great and character development is top notch. My hope is that the next episodes keeps the trend up and surprises me. I only wish there were more episodes.
,Recommended,554620,34651697,Posted: 31 August,all,_NeverGrow,Why am I crying in the club right now
76561198066107698,Recommended,554620,34643241,Posted: 31 August,all,☼ Kal ☼,Hella good game
76561198108892899,Recommended,554620,34645843,Posted: 31 August,all,Kyalan,Damn i loved it <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
76561198009949092,Recommended,554620,34650570,Posted: 31 August,all,Fluber,yummy
,Recommended,554620,34647540,Posted: 31 August,all,SuzumeChan,"The game is great, glad I got the Deluxe Edition for the awesome clothes and Mixtape Mode. Only wish the controller controls weren't so confusing where pressing circle registers as ""X"", you use left and right on the D-Pad to look up and down and L2 and R2 to look left and right, and a bunch of others misbinded buttons, but overtime I did get used to it just wished it wasn't so confusing."
,Recommended,554620,34644119,Posted: 31 August,all,🎮⎛ xM7MDGAMEx ⎞🎮,10/10 amazing game
,Recommended,554620,34658312,Posted: 1 September,all,Sympathiser,"If I was to say what Life is Strange: Before the Storm is,I would compare it to an emotional rollercoaster like LIfe is Strange."
,Recommended,554620,34646423,Posted: 31 August,all,>h0peful_s0ul☺,It was hella awesome! I was born for this game! The waiting was worth it ♥
,Recommended,554620,34657516,Posted: 1 September,all,Rerugan,"Love love love the soundtrack, the ambiance, the genuine relatable characters. The team clearly have kept the spirit of the first Life Is Strange game.Although she's going through so much, I actually find Chloe very funny, smart and creative. She has so much personality that I find myself not wanting to make ""my choices"" but to respect Chloe's choices. And I totally understand how Max feels about her bestie (you can't stay mad at that ""beautiful angry face"" for long)!"
76561198042504958,Recommended,554620,34664635,Posted: 1 September,all,Dav,"A ""hella"" good episode!:'("
,Recommended,554620,34662566,Posted: 1 September,all,Quaser,Its a prequel to Life Is Strange and it's very good.... Thats basically all i can tell you without massively spoiling the game.
,Recommended,554620,34697346,Posted: 2 September,all,Sebii122,"A promising begining for this game. Loved every single bit of it.The characters are full of life, the story is very interesting and somewhat full of drama which i like very much.Looking forward the next game"
76561198064999780,Recommended,554620,34682543,Posted: 2 September,all,ullar89,I cant find any fault in this game. How is this possible.
,Recommended,554620,34680448,Posted: 2 September,all,SpaceGamer,Its ver nice
76561198085735282,Recommended,554620,34651186,Posted: 31 August,all,Black & White,"Ya, finally it released,& im falling in love with Amber.Cool"
,Recommended,554620,34700223,Posted: 2 September,all,Silent,"10/10Have never had so much love and emotion for a game, and this goes for both this one and the original. Highly recommend at least giving this game a shot because I believe this series has created a genre. May not be a game you'll play countless hours on, but it sure is an experience.Definitely worthy every penny of my purchase."
,Recommended,554620,34698478,Posted: 2 September,all,FBN,Awesome first episode of the prequel.
,Recommended,554620,34674031,Posted: 1 September,all,Dvivoni,"I enjoyed the first episode of Life is Strange: Before the Storm, and I recommend everyone who played Life is Strange to give this game a chance (and if you haven't played the original Life is Strange yet, I recommend you to play it and to do so before playing Life is Strange: Before the Storm). I liked the character of Chloe in the original Life is Strange, and I really enjoyed getting the chance to play as Chloe and learn more about Rachel Amber, a character we hear so much about during the original game. The story was great, the gameplay was great, the soundtrack was great, and even though this game doesn't have the time travel mechanic of the original, it still has other interesting mechanics and other supernatural elements that are really interesting."
76561198072261184,Recommended,554620,34705648,Posted: 3 September,all,TRAINS_R_COOL,Brilliant. Another enticing story. Another fabulous soundtrack. Another truly immersive environment with interesting characters who all have there own stories. I wish the game had costed more. This game is worth more.
76561198157335910,Recommended,554620,34689007,Posted: 2 September,all,parker1212,Perfection.  Polished. Better than the first (b/c as much as I loved the first LIS I really didn't like that clumsy rewind power - this game doesn't have that). The expressions and emotion on Chloe's face are the best I've ever seen on any character in a video game. Bravo.
,Recommended,554620,34687362,Posted: 2 September,all,Lunkanlunker,"Cant believe i'll say this but i enjoyed epsiode 1 way more than the original , got to give props to deck nine"
,Recommended,554620,34736911,Posted: 4 September,all,Mylandah,"Really REALLY good! I love it! I wasn't sure what to expect with having a new developer making this game, but I wasn't disappointed! Loving the story so far, we get to see more about Chloe's past and her relationship with Rachel. And man, Rachel is a character that I'm really falling in love with! Can't wait to play chapter 2!"
76561198301698513,Recommended,554620,34736930,Posted: 4 September,all,Echoes,I absolutely love this game already.
,Recommended,554620,34736959,Posted: 4 September,all,i8x4t,"Episode 1: I preordered this game month ago, though I was sceptical because it wasnt made by Dontnod and feared its gonna be a milking of the franchise. All distrust was blown away like 30 seconds in the game when I once again was already immersed in the beautiful universe that is called Life Is Strange.I just couldn't stop so I finished the episode in one run and it was hella awesome! Character design, artstyle, story, music everything was top-notch. Since the this episode was so good I am optimistic for the things to come."
76561198322091127,Recommended,554620,34736951,Posted: 4 September,all,Kek01,"Russian subtitles, please..."
,Recommended,554620,34736323,Posted: 4 September,all,matthewvogt,Let me start by saying I love the orgional life is strange. LOVED IT!  The first epsiode of before the storm is just as good! I do have to say you have to play the entire first epsiode before you can say anything about it. this was amazing and i really enjoy this seiris
76561198064603169,Recommended,554620,34682125,Posted: 2 September,all,Sir Bucket,"I hate this game.I hate the way it made me feel like my choices mattered in a way where I regretted every dialogue option.I hate the way the stunning visual design of the pacific northwest took me back to the dark places in my own childhood.I hate how much Rachel and Chloe's interactions made me look back on my own life and kick myself for being so stupid, for making all the wrong choices I have made.I hate that there is a significant populus who won't play these games out of some sort of principle, as if they aren't ""games"", and that an inability to be defined so simply as a ""videogame"" makes this unplayable because it's existence is somehow some kind of false advertising.I hate that those people may not understand that, though the aquisition of accomplishments and/or milestones is one way to be a captivating game, there are other ways, and Life is Strange and other similar walking simulators, when done right, can also captivate us in raw and paradoxical ways.I hate that I had doubts about this game before launch, that I thought there was no way deck 9 could pull off what dontnod did, that it was doomed to fail.Of course, by now, you know that I love this game.The first line was a lie.I'm not sorry.I have spent an exorbitant amount of money and time on new game releases these past few weeks, and though I liked many of them I loved none.None but this game.If you liked Life is Strange, this does not disappoint. If you did not, then don't look here for your fix.And if you're new to the show, please for the love of Talos play the first game first.I guess so far my only gripe has to be the minor one that this game sucked me in so relentlessly that it is now nearly 4 in the bloody morning and I have a three day concert in the neighboring town and now I won't be doing it on any sleep because I need to replay this episode with a ""the choices I would have made knowing the spoilers"" playthrough.Because, while there are may healthier and more mentally reinvigorating choices I could be making right now, I'm gonna follow my instinct and make this one. Because it is the choice I love.This is Bucket, signing off. For now."
,Recommended,554620,34664273,Posted: 1 September,all,Heidi,"First off , don't expect this to be exactly like life is strange.If you are a big fan of the story and you want to know what happened before the original LIS , this is great!The scenes are not as big but it is definitly a great Prequel , while we wait for the Sequel :pIt's fun to revisit some of the places in Arcadia Bay, reminiscing over things you failed to do in LIS like "" oh thats the school tower that I couldn't get Kate to not jump off from , sighhhh""The game play itself lacks a bit,the choices do not seem to be as in depth as in LIS , the 'owning' in argument concept is kind of fun - a ittle to easy maybe- but i will ignore it because i'm utterly in love with this storyline and i want to know what happened with Rachel and Chloe<3"
76561198256556854,Recommended,554620,34677934,Posted: 1 September,all,Renagale,ive only played the first episode for 2 hours and im already crying over everything i know is comming and what has happened i live it so far and the fact that there is no rewind time means every chouce is much much more important. the only issue i have so far is that the game has full controller support but doesnt work with my wired xbpx controller like the last game did and still does.
,Recommended,554620,34691504,Posted: 2 September,all,Egyptman09,"I was worried since this is deck nine not Dontnod. I was worried that all the characters would be different since most of the voice actors are gone. After getting used to it, i really like it and is for sure a worthy prequal to the first one (so far with ep 1). If your a life is strange fan and hesitant, dont be, youll like it, I might even go as far to say youll like it better then the first, even without the time travel powers. Remeber Dontnod are making an actual sequal, so at the very least get this game to fill the waiting, its worth it"
,Recommended,554620,34705322,Posted: 3 September,all,Fex,Just finished ep 1 and already as brillant as the original.
,Recommended,554620,34705741,Posted: 3 September,all,Ninjyte,"Before the Storm is off to a strong and promising start. The character writing succeeds in breathing life into old and new characters; the voice acting, while a few of the replaced voice actors due to the VA strikes can stick out like a sore thumb, do a fine commitment and Chloe's new voice grows to become a believable younger image of her; the choice-making really impacts your decisions throughout this single episode, which I advise that it's very worth exploring as much of the environment and talk to every character you find.Deck Nine has proven themselves to live up to the expectations of building a worthy prequel, so far at least. This is also the longest amount of time I've put into an episodic story-focused game, clocking in almost 5 hours into this alone which makes me optimistic that with just the three episodes alone the price, albeit already lower, will be worth it. Can't wait to see the story unfold!"
76561198025785310,Recommended,554620,34667583,Posted: 1 September,all,Bloodelfini,Just freaking awesome!
76561198001897987,Recommended,554620,34668967,Posted: 1 September,all,Pwn3r,"Love the soundtrack and the atmosphere. They have really succeeded in maintaining the awesome ""Life is Strange"" atmosphere from the first game. The change from Unreal Engine to Unity was not a downgrade. Graphics is nice and smooth. Remember to set graphics settings to Hella High!First episode was great. Can't wait for the next one. This game is hella awesome!"
,Recommended,554620,34683502,Posted: 2 September,all,Goneiross,Just buy it !But be aware of the waiting time between episodes ...
,Recommended,554620,34674090,Posted: 1 September,all,iTz,"i took 3.3 hours to complete episode 1 with all archievement ! Best released game atm,i wonder who else doesnt love Life Is Strange?"
,Recommended,554620,34673069,Posted: 1 September,all,Crispy Hanako,Remember that broad Rachel from the first Life is Strange? Yeah. She's in this one. And Chloe likes her. And I like her. And I like this game. Please buy it.
,Recommended,554620,34672022,Posted: 1 September,all,Horse~♥,No words. Just <3
76561198064815598,Recommended,554620,34673664,Posted: 1 September,all,The Angry Duck,It's good to back in Arcadia Bay.
76561198065039439,Recommended,554620,34643711,Posted: 31 August,all,Asian Jake Paul,hella? who says that word
,Recommended,554620,34661654,Posted: 1 September,all,«✪Ony-san✪»™,"OMG, this feels train got me, really good.MasterPeace 11/10"
76561198026669418,Recommended,554620,34668561,Posted: 1 September,all,Kat,"First episode playthrough took a little over three hours, and so far I'm loving this prequel and wondering what will happen next and how the story leads up to the original Life is Strange. Enjoying Chloe's inner dialogue more than how Max's was. No rewind superpower, but Chloe has a ""gift"" with words making it an enjoyable, realistic mechanic. And it feels like there are more dialogue choices than the original. Bonus they fleshed out the character of Rachel, who I didn't care too much about in the first Life is Strange, now making her a character to be invested in. If you played the original and liked it, I think you will enjoy this one too. First one was the first game to make me cry, still seeing if this one will have that effect on me too. Still so many emotions to feel in the first episode."
76561198063587977,Recommended,554620,34668725,Posted: 1 September,all,MateuszWis93,"The game is awesome !!! (I'm a huge fan of first Life is Strange),and the epiosode was 3h, much loger then expectedThough I thought Amber would be more beautiful that Chloe and Max, she looks fake, like a doll"
,Recommended,554620,34668675,Posted: 1 September,all,Saladin,A true pice of art.
76561198238741686,Recommended,554620,34668679,Posted: 1 September,all,RikudouSennin09,"This sequel so far does not disappoint. Great story, characters, and all that other stuff we loved in the first game. Looking forward to the release of the rest of the episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34658080,Posted: 1 September,all,Diaprycia,"I think Deck Nine really put a lot of effort into doing BTS justice. The characters are interesting and real, the atmosphere is the same as the original and they are really taking the time to flesh out the past of Arcadia Bay in a realistic way. I can feel the love and attention every person put into this game and I can't wait to see the other chapters!"
76561198134504906,Recommended,554620,34680814,Posted: 2 September,all,-Viscara-,"And again. my 2nd review for ""Life is Strange""Totally sick!!! i do totally love Rachel Amber and Episode 1, totally bad♥♥♥♥♥!i can't wait for the next 2 episodes!!10/10"
76561198118275071,Recommended,554620,34665257,Posted: 1 September,all,mdziekon,+ It's Life is Strange Season 1 all over again+ Chloe+ Rachel+ Chloe & Rachel+ Grill Dad+ Hella High settings- No Linux port- Denuvo... why?GOTY 2017 & 2018
,Recommended,554620,34670948,Posted: 1 September,all,Chewbarcus,Episode 1: didn't even kiss/10
,Recommended,554620,35061861,Posted: 19 September,all,oostermeijer24,"Very nice, only downside is the new choice selection, it used to be mouse only, now its requiring both mouse and keyboard.I don't like that since I like to sit back during the cinematics/dialouge which now isn't an option.Audio is great, love the music!"
,Recommended,554620,34648086,Posted: 31 August,all,Ryan Fox,I've loved the first Life Is Strange so I decided to purchase this one too. If you fell in love with some of the characters you will love this game. Although it is sad that the voice actors had to change. It seems like the lip syncing is still a bit off but this story makes up for it. The art style is beautiful and I was slightly crying at times. This game is very much worth it.
76561198075769132,Recommended,554620,34926334,Posted: 13 September,all,weasda,If you like LiS you won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,554620,34859597,Posted: 10 September,all,KΔRΔZZLΣ🎀,"Overall a great episode! Love the direction the developers chose for the storyline, as it both immerses you in the current game, and also adds a lot of depth to the previous game. If you loved the first game, you will definitely love this one.Best:Enjoyed the contrast within the episode. You get to see the Chloe as the dominant force we all know and love from the first game, the tough n' rough girl, but you also get to see a submissive side through her friendship with Rachel, which i found to be a quite refreshing perspective on her character.Worst:My biggest disappointment bout this episode was the character animation within cutscenes. As mentioned in a few other reviews, the animation at times is quite unnatural - with expressions not matching dialogue and some really unfluid movement. I feel that this took away quite a bit from the atmosphere of the moment.9/10."
,Recommended,554620,34789002,Posted: 6 September,all,Farees,Savage Chloe is Savage
,Recommended,554620,34787789,Posted: 6 September,all,grigoriprime,"Worthy of the name and addresses a lot of the baiting issues people had with the original, Chloe is still Chloe and Rachel Amber is awesome! Also, though she didn't voice Chloe, Ashly Burch wrote the episode and it shows! If you didn't play the original you won't get anywhere near as much out of this and may find the dialogue challenges more difficult though, heads up."
,Recommended,554620,34789007,Posted: 6 September,all,TheNativeWayPro,"I liked Life is Stange and I like this also, this is a great game and take you on a emotional adventure. I say it's a good pick up and you should get it. Do it.....Stop Reading this comment and Scroll up and Buy it!...Do it now!"
,Recommended,554620,34789070,Posted: 6 September,all,Gavelin1,+1
,Recommended,554620,34654086,Posted: 1 September,all,xDeckers,"Usually a sequel (Pre-sequal) doesn't live up to the previous games reputation but this game, it definitely does"
76561198085690143,Recommended,554620,35196014,Posted: 24 September,all,Dunc,"Phenominal, feels great to be back in Arcadia Bay, espeacially as Chloe.It has the feel of LIS but with a unique twist of being the tramitised Chloe, who's tongue is sharp and attidude even dealier. I CANNOT recommend this game enough to anybody who has played the original,even if you haven't (you should btw). The characters still  full of emotion like Chloe and the mysterious Rachel Amber who you get to know and feel for as the game tells who she is.This is a story that will make you want more, in a good way,10/10 CAN'T wait for the second part."
76561198088529096,Recommended,554620,34693445,Posted: 2 September,all,2edgy4me,"they NAILED the soundtrack, camera movement, visuals, interaction and story"
76561198011765035,Recommended,554620,35211513,Posted: 25 September,all,charlesanselmo,I absolutely loved the original LIfe is Strange and this prequel is amazing. This game lives up to and exceeds my expectations. I loved the character of Chloe in the original and I left wishing there was more to her story. This game provides exactly what I wanted and fills me with joy. A+ to the developers and I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed Life is Strange.
,Recommended,554620,34764892,Posted: 5 September,all,NotMyWaffle,"its a video game about playing an angst ridden teen with issues about her pa death.Story wise it great, like the first one. kinda wish i waited till they had finished releasing all the episodes.The sound track is alright, needs more pop indi/punk.for the love of everyone's sanity, actually make sure your PC has the recommended gpu, it wont run and will crash, the tech forum is proof of this.also make sure your sound settings aren't set above 48khz as it appears to not be capable of higher outputs.Also for those like my self who have the deluxe edition, the clothing options are in her dresser drawer after the intro level. you cant change clothing on the fly either. just a heads up."
,Recommended,554620,34840356,Posted: 9 September,all,DavidZuren,"Does it top the previous LiS? Probably not but it's still a pretty damn good game. Not having a rewing time travel mechanic ment for the developers to come up with a new thing to get the player involved in the story, wich of course, was a big challenge, so mayor props to these new developers ""Deck Nine"". A big difference from the previous LiS is that this one has much more character developement, wich I really, really like. I always felt that LiS missed some of that crusial character developement betwen both Chloe and Max. But anyway, LiS Before the Storm definitely gives you the feeling of playing LiS for the first time all over again, and I appreciate that very much. If you just want to sit back and relax, get an emotional and story rich game, you must definitely play both LiS and LiS Before the Storm."
,Recommended,554620,35183281,Posted: 24 September,all,Celi-chan,A masterpiece.
76561197966588589,Recommended,554620,34646526,Posted: 31 August,all,Crime Solving Cat,"You want LiS back? You get LiS back. With less Max and a hell-a lot more Chloe.Well, don't expect more exploration, or ground breaking puzzles. But they nailed the atmosphere again and that's all i wanted.So, if you liked the LiS-experience, go for it."
,Recommended,554620,34683276,Posted: 2 September,all,HQ,Hella AwsomeLove it!!!
,Recommended,554620,34894829,Posted: 11 September,all,Amy The Human,"This is a good game. I’ve seen many a youtuber comment on how cringey it is, but maybe they’ve never had that life. I remember being a cringey teenager. I remember being an ungrateful♥♥♥♥♥♥who only did what she wanted. My only regret is never being as free as Chloe.     She may be cringey, teenagey pos, but she is lost. She mourns her father.   Why doesn’t she talk about it?     Did one ever tell their mothers about    their inner most   feelings while they were    teenagers?      If I had a mother like Joyce, it would have been  easy to spill all, but this is hard for Chloe.  Who has ever felt comfortable with a stranger who  may unknowingly bash and usurp one’s dead father’s tools and station.   She loved her father, and having someone    come in   with advice, however good-intentioned   ,   is ♥♥♥♥♥♥        Here we have a strong willed person who is desperately trying to fill the void left  not only by her best      friend, but her     father as well.             She    feels empty. Rachel  calls to her      in a way that no adult can  speak.   Her world is narrowed to  distractions and what they can   offer.      Her dad      is the pedestal    in her   mind, and  David, no matter what  good he      does her mother,  is a   distraction.  Merely a waypoint   in her mind.            He’s an obstacle, though he  may not wish to be. She withholds her feelings, because to her,               only  her feelings matter.    She rages against him because she sees him as a replacement, but he       is       more than that.      I forgive Chloe.  She needs    a friend as much as she needs      an outlet."
,Recommended,554620,34656569,Posted: 1 September,all,Nes,"First episode and I'm crying. Now, was this a truth or a lie?"
76561198077147190,Recommended,554620,35209313,Posted: 25 September,all,~𝒞𝒶𝓇|𝒹𝒾𝓈~,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1124798324
,Recommended,554620,34862967,Posted: 10 September,all,shiyou,i know i'm not the only one who yuri-shipped chloe and rachel.10/10 want to see yuri scene.
76561198090370237,Recommended,554620,34647465,Posted: 31 August,all,shrekitralph,"Just finished the first episode. gotta say. Im loving it already, they really put thier souls into this."
76561198055099493,Recommended,554620,35069028,Posted: 19 September,all,Mirza,10/10 would roast people again10/10 would rebel again10/10 would beat Durr dude again10/10 would feels againWaiting for Episode 2
76561198208787747,Recommended,554620,35053502,Posted: 18 September,all,Hank,When will episode 2 come out exactly?
76561198085214855,Recommended,554620,35180835,Posted: 24 September,all,keinAntiheld,"One could argue the game is not that exciting anymore 'cos you already know how it's gonna end, but I have to admit that I was bound the whole game time!The Story is told so lovely and real and I'd say with even more love for details than in the first game. I enjoyed it so much and I am so so curious about the next two episodes!Nice Work!Must have for all LiS Fans and those who want to be one!"
,Recommended,554620,34647140,Posted: 31 August,all,W.A.S.P.,"what can i say, ♥♥♥♥♥ good"
,Recommended,554620,35140058,Posted: 22 September,all,Sicॐ,"I expected it to be a lot worse,but fortunately is it as good as the first LIS.The only thing missing is the rewind power,but at least they improved dialogues even more."
,Recommended,554620,35228818,Posted: 26 September,all,Prison Mike,"i pre-ordered this game, I hade to wait 2 months to play is and checked to see if i could install it every day because i was so hyped. It was worth the wait."
76561198105009290,Recommended,554620,34956622,Posted: 14 September,all,Lauranemia,"Wow, this game always leaves you wanting more and more. Amazing job! Really big fan of the series."
76561198005584646,Recommended,554620,34819481,Posted: 8 September,all,Emily,"I had fairly low expectations for this game. Chloe was never my favorite character in Life Is Strange (though she did grow on me more during my second playthrough). But wow, was I wrong! Playing as Chloe, which I thought would be annoying, actually gives a fresh new perspective on Arcadia Bay. Absolutely loved the first episode, and can't wait for more."
76561198297551099,Recommended,554620,34656958,Posted: 1 September,all,Qxuye,In love with this can't wait for the next ep
76561198073246110,Recommended,554620,34867641,Posted: 10 September,all,Themostdead,Have to praise them for making an amazing first episodeEspecially since their not the original developers!!KEEP ON GOING WITH THIS QUALITY PLEASE (feels inc)
76561197990795660,Recommended,554620,34666507,Posted: 1 September,all,Lipoleumhat,"So, man, here we go again.If you were worried that Deck Nine couldn't do the LiS universe justice, stop worrying.If you were worried that Rhianna DeVries couldn't portray Chloe Price, stop worrying.If you were worried about Chloe's ability to be the lead character in a game, stop worrying.And now I'mma ramble about whatever comes to mind...Episode one of this prequel manages to hit some staggering emotional highs and lows. It's just as sad and nostalgic as DONTNOD's original, and you'll definitely have some moping to do once this episode is over. But, with Chloe as protagonist, it's also a lot... funnier? Yeah? I laughed out loud at least a dozen times (D&D scene, lookin' at you).The backtalk feature is also really nice. It's a perfect bit of gameplay for Chloe's character, and it's implemented quite well so far. Don't get me wrong, it's not as exciting as CONTROLLING TIME AND SPACE, but it's an intriguing twist on the traditional dialogue tree and it fits into the game seamlessly.Technically, the game is smooth as butter. I wasn't tracking my fps or anything, but I was running the game on ""hella high"" (lol) settings with no apparent framerate drops. It probably ran at a steady 90-100 fps with any drops still being over 60 fps. Also (and THANK GOD), the mo-cap, facial expressiveness, and lip syncing are vastly improved over the original. Chloe's model, in particular, is great. Not perfect, mind you, but damn near it for my taste, and good enough that it never detratcted from the experience. Bad lip-syncing and dead-eyed character models will not detract from your experience of being emo at this video game.It's also pretty damn detailed. It's maybe a little light on explorable minutiae, like the countless, unique posters and letters you can find around the original, but there were no explorable items that felt pointless or gratuitous, either. As an exploration junkie, I was a little let down, but regular people probably won't notice.The voice acting also lives up to the original. Different actors were used in a lot of cases, but to be honest, I had a tough time telling. Cissy Jones isn't back as Joyce, but damn, Joyce has still got it goin' on (<3 u joyce). Most importantly, Rhianna DeVries NAILS Chloe. It's good. It's good stuff. Kylie Brown also does a great job as Rachel Amber. I think we can expect a fantastic performance throughout by our new core duo.And don't let me forget the soundtrack. The OST by Daughter and the licensed tracks create a musical world that lives up to the original game's, but with a notably louder and grungier twist.But seriously...The junkyard scene, guys. That one scene alone, from beginning to end, is enough to justify the deluxe edition price of this game, in my opinion. I have no ability to describe how good that scene is in a Steam review, so just go buy this game, and play it, right now, please.Wowser."
,Recommended,554620,34643406,Posted: 31 August,all,Ahri Chan,Hello again you god dam hella emotional rollercoaster of a episode. So far its great and it made me cry. 10/10 would cry again for this game.
76561198063003201,Recommended,554620,34995673,Posted: 16 September,all,Bazzington,A great nod towards the original LiS. Deck Nine manages to retain the beautiful ambience and story that made the original game so immersing. The only issue I had with this game was the pacing of the voices and the and the graphics. Both minor issues considering that I was sad to finish the first episode so quickly! Eeagerly waiting the next!
,Recommended,554620,34869164,Posted: 10 September,all,Ctankep,This game is so wonderful. I just love it. The soundtrack is beautiful too.Play as Chloe and learn what happened before her childhood friend Max came back. Everything so far is perfect. I want a full love story this time. Just give me episode 2 already. <3
76561198131120129,Recommended,554620,34975911,Posted: 15 September,all,KOTVA,:)
,Recommended,554620,35017756,Posted: 17 September,all,Husaren14,The only pre-ordered game I don't regret pre-ordering.
,Recommended,554620,34702507,Posted: 2 September,all,Washo4evr,"Today, I made a new friend, ditched school and played games with her.Today, I cried a little.Today, I played Life is Strange.11/10 I already miss Arcadia BayAlso, I like the new graphic engine.VA is pretty good too.Thank you Deck Nine"
76561197994157798,Recommended,554620,34910496,Posted: 12 September,all,SlippyJunk,"I can't say enough positive things about this game franchise.  If you like Telltale games but feel they lack real effects for the choices you make then this is the game for you.  The first one, ""Life is Strange,"" was such a good game that I though a follow-up on it would be the worst idea ever... but I was wrong.  So far this game is just as good as the original."
,Recommended,554620,34910576,Posted: 12 September,all,Baggy,this game takes your emotions and paints the damn room with them.Haven't been on the feels train this much since Harambe.1000000000/10will paint the room again
76561197982309457,Recommended,554620,35030465,Posted: 17 September,all,Von Uber,"A good follow up to the original. I was a little hesitatnt about the new voice actress, and at times she doesn't hit the same heights as Ashley Burke did, but that aside I thoughly enjoyed it.Looking forward to the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,35031101,Posted: 17 September,all,KyoKuma,Heartache and Heartthrob!
76561198042808601,Recommended,554620,34908704,Posted: 12 September,all,Брайан Коупленд,LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT I HOPE THIS SERIES GOES ON FOR A LONG TIME!! Just hopefully not to the point of overkilling it!!
,Recommended,554620,34907777,Posted: 12 September,all,Oken,"First episode is alright but not as good as the first game. It seem whatever you choose, the other person will get ♥♥♥♥♥y at you which is annoying."
,Recommended,554620,34908860,Posted: 12 September,all,Big Frank,a video game with enough teenage angst to match my own
,Recommended,554620,34905264,Posted: 12 September,all,Flerbergerber,"The soundtrack is the most beautiful thing I've ever heard, and episode 1 may or may not have already made me cry"
,Recommended,554620,34689288,Posted: 2 September,all,Cezzro,So far so good
,Recommended,554620,34647634,Posted: 31 August,all,PrinceCharming,"The only game that has ""Hella High"" Graphic settings. 10/10 would go Hella High again."
76561198255670708,Recommended,554620,34847647,Posted: 9 September,all,JamesAddaway,awsom story love it!
,Recommended,554620,34675559,Posted: 1 September,all,Cmdo.Delta,"""Whatever's going on  between us is... special"" ~Chloe Price~10/10, I'm in love! Just give me more! MOOOOOREEEE"
,Recommended,554620,35008073,Posted: 16 September,all,Bluejay,"This game is lifechanging, my favorite story based game and i recommend it to people who think they would make good real-life decision and that can transition it to the game and play it from heart. cant wait for next 2 episodes and hopefully season 2 with max and chloe"
76561198051748575,Recommended,554620,34846017,Posted: 9 September,all,PT | Sir Tony ®,"Like the last game, just when I thought I was fully prepared and nothing can get me... BAM! RIght in the feels!!I recommend this game to everyone who played the last one, and I recommend the last one to anyone who didn't play it yet.Just one last warning,  this game is gonna make you cry, so don't come crying to me when you do... I warned you..."
76561198069131190,Recommended,554620,34846511,Posted: 9 September,all,amandawebb1987,Excellent prequel to LIS
76561198127226947,Recommended,554620,34846524,Posted: 9 September,all,The worlds only Bellona Main,i only played the first episode and its awesome already almost teared up in the junkyard scene aspecially as i thoguth id ♥♥♥♥ed up myself  IT IS VERY GOOD IF U LIKE STORY GAMES
76561198118810500,Recommended,554620,35045214,Posted: 18 September,all,Rumor has it I´m Unicorn,"This game is awesome , i cant even describe how much , just buy it guys its worth it i promise"
,Recommended,554620,35240962,Posted: 27 September,all,Ghilees,I miss bae Max but its still pretty good
,Recommended,554620,34679645,Posted: 2 September,all,not crazy creator,"DAMN episode 1 was emotional.Start of episode: i think its gonna be like ep1 of the first gameEnd of episode:nope, not at all (too much emotions for me i cant take it) (in a good way)11/10 for hella  sure"
,Recommended,554620,34654381,Posted: 1 September,all,Miranda,it`s sad to imagine the world without you
,Recommended,554620,34657906,Posted: 1 September,all,RiotJayne,"Stole $200 to buy weed, whooped a minotaur in dnd, and akwardly confessed my queer feelings to a dead girl. 10/10"
,Recommended,554620,35011451,Posted: 16 September,all,ivan2340,Worth every cent i paid.
,Recommended,554620,34787655,Posted: 6 September,all,ClairdeLune,"Hella recommended! Love the story, Love the character, Love the song!"
,Recommended,554620,34679582,Posted: 2 September,all,lexible,Deck Nine has managed to keep pace with DONTNOD and demonstrates a real love and understanding of what makes Life is Strange so rewarding to experience.
,Recommended,554620,34679820,Posted: 2 September,all,Joe Clueless,Hella good!
,Recommended,554620,34660484,Posted: 1 September,all,$ervi^,Hella Feels!!
,Recommended,554620,34689178,Posted: 2 September,all,MR.MAGIC,"I had a hard time accepting Chloe Price as the protagonist and main focus of Deck Nine’s Life is Strange: Before the Storm.Besides the lack of remorse, Chloe also doesn’t share the time-based abilities previous protagonist Max had. Instead, Chloe will enact “backtalk”.Despite the fury I’ll likely retain for Chloe, I’m interested in learning more about her time at Blackwell Academy and her relationship with Rachel Amber. I’m curious to see if Rachel ends up transforming Chloe for the better, at least for only a little while.I miss the more empathetic Max, but I’ll endure the hurricane that is Chloe to see more of Arcadia Bay in Life is Strange: Before the Storm.Chloe still acts in a way that breeds contempt, but she still seems like a complex character I can’t help but appreciate the existence of.overall a fantastic game and ""CHLOE STILL ISN'T NICE"" but thats what peeks more interest into the game .10/10 good pc port and smooth gameplay !"
,Recommended,554620,34646485,Posted: 31 August,all,Atozix,Are you guys ok with Chloe's new voice now? If you're not then play the game !
,Recommended,554620,34720556,Posted: 3 September,all,BirdSoldier,"Unbelieveable.I was very doubtful that another studio could pull of what Dontnod did with the first Life Is Strange.The first game was a masterpiece:- The Music- The Story- The Characters- The FeelingsHow could another studio even come close to it??Well they did it. Great job Deck Nine!If you loved the first Life Is Strange as much as I did, buy Before the Storm immediately.10/10 - And I'm only 1 episode in."
76561198144795183,Recommended,554620,34671235,Posted: 1 September,all,One Ugly Puppy,"I will update this as the future episodes are released:EPISODE 1:I could not have asked for a better start to this new tale. This story was absolutely gripping and entirely grounded in the same ways as the original resulting in an impeccable story, amazing characters and a truly fantastic amount of choice.The new characters mix together with the old to provide a surreal sense of familiar, yet different. These interactions are fully fleshed out and completely do justice to the new characters while enhancing and uplifting the existing ones.Couple this together with a completely amazing soundtrack and a truly amazing dialogue system called ""Backtalk"" and you have a definitive story experience that I will never forget. Seriously, more games need dialogue systems like this!Simply put, this was an amazing start, and I can only wait in sheer anticipation for the next two episodes!"
,Recommended,554620,34646422,Posted: 31 August,all,Ty-Dragonmist,"This just took me in from the moment I heard the wondeful music that fits perfectly with the game, to seeing the world through Chloe's eyes. It felt as if I was being reintroduced to a long-lost friend it was just incrediable. I can't say much as to not spoil anything for anyone, but I noticed already a few things from the game we all know and love, Life is Strange.So many familiar faces and items tied to things we've seen and know from LIS. It's really is fun to just look around from Chloe's view 3 yrs prior to LIS and get a fresh new look at Arcadia Bay and it's surroundings. But what got me most, which brought some tears to my eyes... was reading Chloe's Journal. It explained a few things about why she is and became the person she is. It also gives a new perspective on Max, whom (as far as I know) don't see in the game but is mentioned.ANYWHO I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS AWESOME MASTERPIECE Especially is you're a huge fan of Life is Strange. You can play LIS first or even just with BTS. I mean it would probably make sense to play LIS first but with the whole 'Before the Storm' intent you can play this game first. These events eventually lead up to that of Life is Strange in the first place. So hopefully you all enjoy this stellar game as I am now. And im looking foward to the remaining episodes coming out!Pros: You Play as Chloe, Great Soundtrack, Characters stay true to themselvesCons: You play as Chloe (You'll understand why XD) No 'Rewind' you're stuck with your choices.P.S. This game just embodies Teen Angst. They just set you up with realistic views, it really hits home."
76561198185245007,Recommended,554620,34681272,Posted: 2 September,all,Akib,Never belived that 'Onion Ninjas' were real.
,Recommended,554620,35325798,Posted: 29 September,all,seemonkeyrun,"I loved everything about Life is Strange.Based off what I have played so far, I have a feeling that Before the Storm won't be any different.Is it time the next episode yet?Note: My heart hurts, is this normal?"
76561198318983967,Recommended,554620,34707971,Posted: 3 September,all,Hellfire,A good second version of a good game doesn't exis...
76561198252911663,Recommended,554620,34666107,Posted: 1 September,all,austinTNT,love this game. this one still has heart breaking moments just like the first one. Would soo play it all over again
,Recommended,554620,35465352,Posted: 4 October,all,Jelle,10/10
,Recommended,554620,34645609,Posted: 31 August,all,RaggitySkags,"This game is the epitome of story telling through constructive decision making. The characters are real, likable and make you feel like you're able to slip into the shoes of Chloe Price like an old glove. The back talk dialog is super fun, it makes you have to think on your feet. Can't wait for episode 2!"
,Recommended,554620,35482272,Posted: 4 October,all,Jade Gryffon,"I would rate this episode a 4.  It's great, if you liked Life is Strange, you'll like this.  I liked this episode slightly less than the whole of Life is Strange, but Before the Storm has only released one episode...so my feelings overall could change once all the episodes of Before the Storm are released.  This game has the potential to be even better than Life is Strange.The best thing about this game is how likeable Chloe is.  She looks a lot like Max, so she doesn't have blue hair yet.  I genuinely hated Chloe in Life is Strange, and I thought Chloe was just a sh*tty person, and a sh*tty friend for making Max save her life all the time. Chloe's talk back power is fine, but Max's time power is way better.  Chloe's talk back power never seems over used or unnessary in this game, so that's another positive.But unfortunately after playing this episode, I really hate Rachel and think she's a sh*tty person and a sh*tty friend (I see a pattern here) which is really dissapointing, because Rachel was built up to be the coolest girl ever.  Hopefully in future episodes, Rachel will be reedemed in some way, and her status as ""ultimate cool girl"" is restored, because then that would be cannon.I loved playing this game, and really look forward to the other episodes, I actually feel confident that the next episodes will be much better than the first one.  If you liked Life is Stranger, there's no reason why you wouldn't like Before the Storm (other than minor quibbles)"
,Recommended,554620,35483460,Posted: 4 October,all,Bowlah Gee Eggs,"Yeah, 2+2 is 4, minus one that's 3, Quick maths. Everyday man's on the block, smoke trees."
,Recommended,554620,35482387,Posted: 4 October,all,Bonk Brazool,kinda same feel as the original 1st episode of lis. its meh at first but boy the last 30 min makes it.the backtalk mechanic is okay-ish but i dont really see the point.
,Recommended,554620,34774447,Posted: 6 September,all,TheRM,"I was waiting for this game like I never did before. That hype man... Visible progress in graphics and performance.Ending of this episode was insane, I even got goosebumps that ran across the body.Verdict:Atmosphere 10/10Gameplay 9/10Graphics 8/10Optimization 9/10Soundrack 10/10Story 9/10Overall my rating is: 10/10"
76561198006663097,Recommended,554620,35509559,Posted: 5 October,all,APVPsup ✓,I was really intrigant/scared about this prequel of LIS... But  what a pleasure to play Chloe :DOfc i miss max power about reverse time and i haven't finished yet this first episode but with Chloe we want chose perfect badass girl answers always without really care about results (For all who played the first LIS) Intense :'DSo let see next! And let me finish this episode :pGood way about rachel she have charm and they do all for it cause she will be the center of the story line.
,Recommended,554620,34688588,Posted: 2 September,all,facade,hella good and give positive
76561198282225501,Recommended,554620,34772047,Posted: 6 September,all,Queen Lagertha,"So beautiful and, as per usual, the ost is brilliant. I can't wait to play the next episode!"
,Recommended,554620,35031750,Posted: 17 September,all,leave my gf alone 😡😡😡,This game is fu cking edgy.Cringy sometimes but you get used to it near the end.Ending makes you want more anyways8/10
76561198141411541,Recommended,554620,34730144,Posted: 4 September,all,komoki_emrys,"Life is strange: Before the storm is a prequel to the game by Dontnod Entertainment. Like the first game, Life is strange is an episodic game set in a fictional town in Oregon called Arcadia Bay. In this game you play as Chloe Price, Max Caulfield's childhood friend. This game takes place three years before Life is Strange beforeRachael Amber's death.In this game you get to meet Rachael Amberthe girl who went missing in Arcadia Bay.Here you will get to see Chloe and Rachael's friendship. If you bought the delux edition then rumor has it that you get a fourth episode where you will get to play as Max one last time. However, I see no evidence of this claim in the episodes list, despite having the delux edition. All in all, if you've played the first game, then I highly reccomend that you play this game. If you haven't played the first game yet, then you should play Life is strange before playing this game. Either way, I'm intrigued, and can't wait for more."
76561198032635308,Recommended,554620,34751331,Posted: 5 September,all,Giometry E,"This game's first episode was a helluva ride for me, i was kinda warry of buying it because the original voice actress didnt voice chloe this time, but man was i wrong.Apart from the cool art style which they kept true to from the first LiS and the awesome music it gives a much better insight in why chloe is the way she is in the first LiS. The way her story is written is awesome and yet very sad to me at the same time, from personal experience i can relate to her struggles very much, because i went through a similar situation as her.i didnt expect this game to hit me emotionally because the first LiS didnt, but the story probably hit me the hardest from all games ive ever played."
,Recommended,554620,34641554,Posted: 31 August,all,alOOshXL,">Launch the  game>hear menu music>finish first episode>go back to the menu>cry alotevery time i hear max name i cryI can sit all day on that train with Rachel, listening to this.﻿https://youtu.be/Pc5IQBChlkw"
,Recommended,554620,34920951,Posted: 13 September,all,Preazy,"holy daym, what a game.by far one of the best games i ever played, ever11/10"
76561198097419302,Recommended,554620,34669503,Posted: 1 September,all,Count,"Should you buy this? Yes. Should you buy this if you've never played Life Is Strange? No. This is a prequel to the Original LIS telling the story of Chloe Price and her experience before reuniting with Max ""The Storm"". After playing through the first episode, taking my time exploring everything I can possibly find. I will say the developers really put a lot of heart into this game. I spent 4 hours before finishing, and while that does not seem like much game time, 2 more episodes are in the works, giving a total of around 12-13 hours of a story before it's all over. That's well worth the price tag. There's not a lot I can really mention without spoiling what's happening. I just want to let you know if you've played the original LIS, this one will be a real tear jerker, even in the first episode. The music in my opinion is not as good as the original game, but maybe it just needs to time to grow on me? I have no idea. Anyways I can't stress enouph the importance of playing the original game first. You will be pretty lost trying to follow the story. The ending of the first episode is setting up the rest of the episodes for something big, so don't expect a lot of action or drama the first episode.If you're still unsure on if you wanna buy this game, wait untill all the episodes are released and play the original game in the mean time. It's not going anywhere and might help you get you better grounded into the LIS world. This is likely not a great review but it's all I can think up at the moment.Hella 10/Hella 10"
,Recommended,554620,34877528,Posted: 10 September,all,All American,"When the announcement first came at E3, I was quite skeptical about this game. I was afraid it'd be hardly anything more than a ""milking"" tool.Boy was I wrong. Deck Nine totally nailed it. Great story telling, great characters. You don't even notice the absence of rewind feature from the previous game. I dare not forget to mention the music, it is HELLA good. All in all it's worth every single penny. Best pre-order I have so far done.There is, however, an ugly part to all this. That I have to wait 2 MONTHS till I get the Episode 2."
76561198108463583,Recommended,554620,34908746,Posted: 12 September,all,LocalMILFs,"Don't buy this if you're easily annoyed by an one-dimensional teen angst girl whose every dialogue is edgy and predictable. Or you can buy it and complain about it online, your choice. This is the type of game whether you enjoy it or you can't bear a single second of it. I don't want to say ""you either gets it or don't"", because people have a fair point to hate about the superficial and cliché characters. But in the mean time people could also be enjoying playing as a teenage toxic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ however they want. That's how life works.If you like the first one, go ahead and grab it. If you didn't like the endings from LiS, wait till the whole season come out. If you just watched some clips online and wondered what kind of dumbass would enjoy such terrible game with unbearable characters, I don't know. Find me another game where you can play as a lesbian emo-trashbag teen while listening to hipster indie music so I can stop playing this one."
,Recommended,554620,34879461,Posted: 11 September,all,shortz,"I Totally love it, but it´s somehow weird to play side by side with Rachel, makes me feel sick again. :/"
76561198154241849,Recommended,554620,34991323,Posted: 16 September,all,hanZ,*picks up stack of cash**throws at Deck Nine*TAKE IT! TAKE IT NOW!10/10
,Recommended,554620,34942967,Posted: 13 September,all,mostlyxconfused,"I will honestly purchase every single one of your games if you keep them like this, story telling without all the timey wimey stuff, just let me be part of telling a great story. I loved the first Life Is Strange game, and now playing Before The Storm, well, I love it even more. I don't care that I know Chloe's fate, I just wanna know how she got there now. The time-travel stuff made Life Is Strange not as interesting, for me at least. Before The Storm is more relatable, in more ways than one. Please make more games that don't involve time travel or other related superpowers. *I Just Want A Good Story* Thank you for two amazing games, I can't wait for more. My money is already out of my wallet."
76561198144210062,Recommended,554620,34837704,Posted: 9 September,all,parsia,That was really well done game deck nine did geart jobthat was really cool to play as chloe
,Recommended,554620,34667167,Posted: 1 September,all,taurus,"Hey that was actually nice, didn't expect it to be that good after ♥♥♥♥♥torm ending of the original one. Game also looks better on Unity. Ready for more."
76561198010142179,Recommended,554620,34646192,Posted: 31 August,all,Disdonn,"Pre-ordered the Deluxe since the OG Life is Strange was so big of a game for me, and made me feel things SO MUCH. This didn't disappoint, it was great. Minor technical glitches from day one, probably will be fixed soon for anyone looking to buy it (a few stutters even on low settings on decent computer), but it's a great story, great amount of choices, and I missed SOO MUCH STUFF first playthrough. Sucks Youtube is a♥♥♥♥♥♥about Copyright, so good luck finding videos of this game in it's entirety with the awesome music still in it."
,Recommended,554620,34667326,Posted: 1 September,all,PatQuocks,just... AMAZING
,Recommended,554620,34651100,Posted: 31 August,all,Trcky,Awesome game loved the first one. Performance on this game is hella good 1440p maxed out didnt drop below 300fps
76561198080123161,Recommended,554620,34643883,Posted: 31 August,all,Speikobrarote,"Emotions, drama, angst. Life is Strange how it should be.Can't wait for the second episode.Even tho I wonder why theres a 2D flatt yellow bird every now and then.. totally weird."
,Recommended,554620,34660595,Posted: 1 September,all,HEHEEEHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,your're heading straight to hell if you didnt cry
76561198009638623,Recommended,554620,34722053,Posted: 3 September,all,kN0SPE. :3,hella damn qood. :3
,Recommended,554620,34722259,Posted: 3 September,all,Sniper,"The first episode is very promising. Even with the new developers the game feels like the first Life Is Strange, which is very good.I'm looking forward to play the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34847674,Posted: 9 September,all,☯σмєgα☮,Its Reallyyyyy awesome ♥♥♥♥ YeahhhhhhhhhhhWellcome back to the Arcadia BayYeahhhh You Must Buy and Play This Likeeee Likeeee
,Recommended,554620,34846216,Posted: 9 September,all,AyalaNaylo,Dialog expression improvement 10/10Facial expressions improvement 10/10Gayness expression improvement 11/10
,Recommended,554620,34752380,Posted: 5 September,all,[SVKP] Eddie Gamer,"""Everybody lies no exceptions""- Chloe PriceWell, I don't when I say this game is AWESOME. I like its story, characters and I love 'backtalk'. I kind of miss controlling time itseft but its ok I can live with that.10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34738609,Posted: 4 September,all,maley,Hella awesome.You should play this.If you haven't played the original game you should get on that too.
,Recommended,554620,34773322,Posted: 6 September,all,MirkwoodWarrior,"I have only played episode one and I am very satisfied.I was a little hesitant on buying this game. I really liked the first one and had grown attached to Max, and even though the idea of the first game was about the relationship with Max and Chloe I still didn't fully know how I felt about Chloe, and at most times, didn't agree with some of her actions. But this game has really pulled me in, and helped me really care about chloe. So far, this game has really impressed me and emotionally drawn me in, I can't wait for the next episode."
76561198040705594,Recommended,554620,34649502,Posted: 31 August,all,Jnmiah,This game is beautiful. :) Deck Nine did a fantastic job. Can't wait for Episode 2. :)
,Recommended,554620,34649521,Posted: 31 August,all,Grimsby,"Was given the option to ""Accept fist bump"" or ""To leave him hanging.""10/10, goty, just enough water, perfect 5 out of 7, both bae and bay, where was this innovation in the original Life is Strange?"
,Recommended,554620,34659625,Posted: 1 September,all,hellgod,Somehow its just as good as the original. definitly a must have for any LiS fan.(this is my opinion of the first and only episode realesed. the entire game is not avalible yet.)
,Recommended,554620,34917775,Posted: 13 September,all,NoMansDream,10/10can't wait for the next episode.
,Recommended,554620,34746656,Posted: 4 September,all,Bluntschli_S ( CUTIE QUITE <3 ),"An Episode hinting the story to get us Awake, by preparing and building the FRIENDSHIP and Beyond. To get to know the True meaning of what is Friendship. Superb Gameplay reminds much of the Sequel of this. New Feature BackTalk looks cool and is born to be made for her. The way of her reacting to each situaltion is HELLA AWESOME! xDI think the whole Rachel has powers thing, is gonna be another mystery like how Max got her powers. We have no definitive clue how she got them. Or what the blue butterfly meant in Season 1. Or what caused the tornado...life sure is strange.﻿This Episode Awakens the Friendship.Episode 1 Ratings : 5/5Waiting for the Episode 2.... ( Hope I can Time Travel like MAX) XD"
,Recommended,554620,35059352,Posted: 19 September,all,エイダン,"takes you back, as if you never left"
76561198285465146,Recommended,554620,35016875,Posted: 17 September,all,trifonova.sofja,"This game is so good. It is simple yet complex. The nature, music, the whole set up is really appealing and soothing. It catches you and you wish the game never ends. Herous are so likable and you can relate to. And you know if you played the first game how it all will end... and it makes it all pleasantly bitter sweet. It makes you enjoy all these moments more because you know...Well the game leaves me speechless and content and it is 5 stars out of 5 stars."
76561198065906736,Recommended,554620,35010610,Posted: 16 September,all,carlosrfonseca,"Gotta say, I was expecting Deck 9 would screw this one up, because how could they not? You don't reasonably expect anyone to pull off a game as amazing as the first one because that's not something normal game studios do.And yet, so far, Deck 9 definitely pulled it off.Amazing game.Also, especially if you played LiS before and fell in love with Chloe (and who didn't?) this episode has quite a few scenes where it'll punch and kick you right in the feels."
76561197984737819,Recommended,554620,34724382,Posted: 3 September,all,No_SuRReNDeR,"...This isnt a game isnt  a masterclass on making the player feel so emersed that you geniunely give a f=@k,,,,I as a 35 Y/O MALE felt pain and sorrow for a fictional teenage girl... Cried not gonna lie.I am also astounded by this pre-quil so far with the fact the time rewind ""effect"" of the first game is missing , it added to the experience for me because it puts so much more weight and meaning into my choices. (concesquences to be determined..)Also I have to say wow for a different actor - SHE NAILS IT... bravo!!!!! And the New Developers really did a great job with the tone in my opinon as well.If you liked Life is strange...even kinda, give this a shot. No regrets and the price is VERY reasonable.New players- Id advise you play the first game first I know others will disagree, but knowing more about who these people become, makes it just more interesting and makes some of the smaller moments have more impact-Cant wait for the next episode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,554620,34716045,Posted: 3 September,all,Ravikasm94,main reason for 8.5 hours is the music.and chloe.to be continued.......
,Recommended,554620,35016575,Posted: 17 September,all,Angry Panda,"Denuvo Anti-Tamper is a piece of sh*t, but the gameplay  is stunning"
76561198144997330,Recommended,554620,34813220,Posted: 8 September,all,raven32,Life is Strange: Before the Cringe Wowser EditionHella good/10
,Recommended,554620,35145821,Posted: 22 September,all,Monadhyl Lisaquatch,doing vandalism and got achievement10/10 would vandalize again.
76561198051166215,Recommended,554620,34717202,Posted: 3 September,all,Shikabane Hime,"First of all i didnt like Chloe as a character on Life is Strange for various reasons. But on Before the Storm you get to truly know her and she how and why she became the woman she was when she met again with Max. The first episode was really strong and emotional with some funny scenes too. You get to meet a lot of characters from the first game, some new and of course Rachel. The music and gameplay of the game were both fantastic. I tried acting and making choices the way Chloe would act and i cant wait to see how the story will unfold on the next episode.  Very strong first episode, definetely a must have for fans of the first game."
,Recommended,554620,35237079,Posted: 27 September,all,Ponytail Mark,"Is it as good as the first game?Nah, of course not.Is it still an amazing peice of art and interactive storytelling?Yeah, I'd definitely say so."
76561198275533166,Recommended,554620,34700391,Posted: 2 September,all,Leah (lee-uh),I had like five paragraphs written but I can describe Life is Strange: Before the Storm in two words: HELLA FANTASTIC
,Recommended,554620,34722812,Posted: 3 September,all,WhiteShadowWolf13,"This is the first time I've written a review for a game on Steam. And I'm glad LiS: Before the Storm has the honor of being the first game I review.To me, the graphics (at least the facial expressions and movements) are a tad more improved as compared to the graphics done by Dontnod. That's a plus in my book. Like, have you paid attention to how Chloe's face moves with her flinch when she's talking to Rachel about the weather? That, to me, is the best expression in the game. I love the story, the snide back talk, the inner monologues, and the character interaction. Admittedly, Chloe's relationship with Rachel does seem a bit rushed and forced but I won't complain too much about that. The dialogue is hilarious at certain parts. Considering that Chloe doesn't have any special powers like Max does, that makes the decisions in the game much more drastic. I like how it makes you put more thought into your choices whereas in the first game you can go back in time and change it if you don't like the outcome. You have to actually wonder how these choices will affect the story, Chloe, and Rachel. I can't wait to see what the next two episodes and the bonus episode have in store.PS: I also enjoy that we actually get to choose Chloe's wardrobe (if you have the deluxe DLC.)"
,Recommended,554620,34737024,Posted: 4 September,all,Semises,Life is tumblr at its finest. Love it.
,Recommended,554620,35055263,Posted: 18 September,all,🍁 Zenviel 🌸,"I loved the first game, and so far I love this one as well. If you haven't played the first game, I highly suggest playing it before you play this one, because although this game takes place before everything which happened in the first game, I feel like everything in this game will have a stronger impact if you've played the first game, due to what happened there. You could of course just play this one before you play the other one, but I feel as if the characters would be a tad less interesting in that case. Both games are great regardless, now I just have to wait for the next 2 episodes!"
,Recommended,554620,34747773,Posted: 4 September,all,GLaDOS,H E L L A
,Recommended,554620,34730905,Posted: 4 September,all,Cataclysm,This life is strange takes you on Chloe's journey. I will admit I was one of the people asking why did they pick this but after playing that changed. I fell instantly in love with this game it brought me back to the feelings of the first one this is arguably better than the first one.Pros--face animations/animations are SO much better than the first-the graphics are amazing-the story is great so far-they hit you with the feels in episode one getting you hooked-you want to replay to see all the options-Chloe not Max-back talking-choices feel impactful-great dialogue-changing outfitsCons--some of the voice acting in areas feel dull-some of the graphics in the distance suck and are 2D-glitch where PS4 controllers won't work 50/50I can't think of anymore things. The first game max was alright but I always loved Chloe's character and this game turned out to be how I hoped it would. Without rewind it forces you to really thing about choices. I would have liked this game to come first as you could have built a bigger relationship with Rachel and Chloe then play the first game.Overall I think this game is a must have if you like the first or want to get into the series.
76561198163188689,Recommended,554620,34660874,Posted: 1 September,all,Poor Fucking Infantry,I'm and elf barbarian named Barb
,Recommended,554620,34657359,Posted: 1 September,all,MrGangrene,"Well, Writing is worse than ever, the dialogue often doesn't make sense and cloe behaves like a straight up Biiiiiiitch from time to time but hey.There's also very little ""game"" in this one, so much so that it might as well have been a point-and-click.But in the end we all know we play this game for the story and it's not bad I suppose.This is nowhere near as good as the original but it's not bad either so take that how you will.Just don't set your expectations too high going in ;)"
76561198069846749,Recommended,554620,34682490,Posted: 2 September,all,blurryface,"So happy to be back in Arcadia Bay and the first episode was everything I wanted it to be!Deck Nine have done a great job with this, it captures everything that I loved about the oringal perfectly.+ Great to play as Chloe+ Amazing soundtrack+ Hella good story+ Lots of depth in the first episodeThank you Deck Nine! Can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34722227,Posted: 3 September,all,xXxGoku69xXx,here we go againcan't wait for next episode
76561198118007704,Recommended,554620,34728938,Posted: 3 September,all,Afiyat Pearce,"They did nothing wrong by making this prequel. Playing as Chloe, getting attached to a 'still alived' Rachel Amber, and several new characters that let us know what really happened before the event of the first game.The 'backtalk challenge' isn't just gimmick. That's how Chloe's character works, being a rebellious girl. And without rewind power, it's more challenging that you cannot change or undid what you did, just like in real life.If you are Life is Strange fans, you do need to play this game."
,Not Recommended,554620,34859734,Posted: 10 September,all,Vitriol²,"Before you start reading: A) this is a review of episode one of LiS: BtS only. B) Mild spoilers for life is strange, the original could occur.I have a problem with prequels. A *big* problem with prequels. Just to disclose my biases, but there is something about knowing the fate of most of these characters, primarily my main character, have been decided before I start playing that really quite pisses me off.That being said, I will finish this game because I loved the first one, and I genuinely enjoy learning more about Chloe as a character. The fact that this is a new developer does show, but the fact that you get to interact with those characters you learned to know as Max in a different way makes for an interesting experience nonetheles.I think your mileage might vary on this one frankly, and I cannot wholely recommend it without knowing more about the next couple of chapters. Wait for more info, if you DIDN'T love the first one, if you did you probably already bought it."
,Recommended,554620,34719548,Posted: 3 September,all,Betaserk,"Black line in life,Black eye on face,Blackwell as prison(You're hating that place).And all of the suddenA ray of the lightIs breaking through darknessTo lighten your life.It's all really strange,New feelings inside,It looks hella cool,Your life's getting right.And through your tearsAnd through your griefYou scream very loud:Rachel! Don't leave!"
,Recommended,554620,34648484,Posted: 31 August,all,im im im peeckle reek,what a good meme
,Recommended,554620,34985894,Posted: 15 September,all,Zombie1987,"I loved Life is Strange enough to buy it twice (PS4 & Xbox 360), and while I'm still anxiously awaiting Dontnod's sequel, Before the Storm is an amazing look into what made Chloe who she is when Max runs into her again at Blackwell.Can't wait to see what surprises Deck Nine has in store for us in Episodes 2 and 3."
,Recommended,554620,34646701,Posted: 31 August,all,✨-Le0n-✨,Just Go and Play it it doesn't even need a review to chk if its good or not . Sad part is waiting for next episode.
76561198189621301,Not Recommended,554620,34862953,Posted: 10 September,all,(Offensive),"I'm not exactly the best at giving in-depth critique, so I'll just summarize my opinion on everything that stood out to me-Gameplaythe back talk thingie lacks logic, you basically get someone to do whatever you want because you ""skillfully"" insulted them.I like how you can gain additional dialogue in the back-talk segment as a reward for exploration, it really ties in well with the game, but sadly, it feels unnatural sometimes (e.x. telling that one dude a really badly said and worded inspirational quote based on the fact that he lost his car keys)-Storybeing able to act out Chloe's emotions in this game is actually a good idea (e.x. beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything when she's mad)I'm, like, 90% sure that they're gonna give Rachel superpowers as a complete ex-machine based on the ending of episode 1 alone"
,Recommended,554620,34729287,Posted: 4 September,all,ButterySmooth14FPS,"This review is based on episode 1, and will be updated as future episodes are released.The original Life is Strange made quite a mark in the Telltale-esque 'decision game' genre, where the impact felt by your choices hit harder than other offerings of the time. With Before the Storm, the torch is passed to Deck Nine to maintain a faithful and emotional experience which serves as a prequel to Dontnod's crown jewel. Big shoes to fill, but perhaps even bigger would be the pressure on Rhianna DeVries, who performs the voicework for Chloe in this game, as Ashly Burch was unable to reprise the role. I hope I can reassure the fanbase when I say that both Deck Nine and DeVries have done an excellent job staying true to the source material and providing their own unique additions to this beloved game world.Art/Graphics:The art, font, general look and feel of game is as you will remember from the first game. The engine has changed, and one annoyance I will mention is that the animations can be rather janky at times. This can be jarring, but it is not as bad as the uncanny lip syncing seen in the original's debut episode. Character designs are completely faithful and Chloe looks great with her brown hair.Soundtrack:The original score for this game is completely composed by Daughter, and as a huge fan of their work, I couldn't be happier with this decision. It's an absolute dream hearing their work in the menus and serving as BGM throughout a variety of pensive and incendiary moments alike. The music is airy, melancholic, and perfectly befits Chloe's state of affairs. In addition to the original score, there are a few licensed indie tracks in the first episode, and all of them work wonderfully with the game.Gameplay:The rewind mechanic is gone, but this should really not be a surprise. I wasn't sure what to expect of the ""Backtalk"" feature, but I think it's a nice addition overall. The sequences are timed which I think adds a good bit of tension. This couldn't be further from how it felt to be able to casually rewind time when you made mistakes in conversations, but changing the gameplay to accommodate Chloe's snark was the way to go. The actual lines delivered to win argument 'points' are sometimes bizarre, but this is not exclusively the case. The exploration aspect of the game is still very much here, and there are even some sequences that are entirely optional, one of which (MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD) being a DnD session with some of Chloe's acquaintances - this is my favourite Life is Strange interaction with side characters (between both games) thus far.Story:I am happy with the story progression so far. Being able to play as Chloe seemed like a pipe dream when the original came out, and taking control of the character as the opening cutscene ended left me with an indescribable feeling. She is, unsurprisingly, the antithesis of Max. Chloe's angst and anger will seem dialled up a few notches at first, but if you explore the subtleties of the game and read her journal, her mental state will unambiguously reveal itself. Chloe isn't one to spit out her precise feelings during conversations, but you can tell by looking at things like the timings of her texts to Max and the contents of her journal during dream sequences just how damaged, lost and betrayed she feels. We do start to see some of this come out nearer to the end of episode 1, and DeVries' vocal work really shines here. The progression of the relationship between Rachel and Chloe is abrupt, but I think when we consider the frame of mind and age of both characters that it becomes a lot less surprising. The first episode gives us a good glimpse into Chloe, Rachel and several minor characters no less poignantly than Dontnod's progeny. The final few scenes are beautifully done, especially the junkyard sequence, where we experience a perfect blend of music and intensity as we see Chloe descend into a dark place.This is a great effort put forward by Deck Nine, and I'm itching to see what they will do in the next two episodes. Despite knowing the ultimate end state for both main characters, I feel like there's plenty to learn about them, and we may merely be at the threshold."
,Recommended,554620,34785378,Posted: 6 September,all,Lear's Jest,"Loved it so much, it dose service to the original with a few small improvements. Like being able to go back and 'take photos' now graph. Can't wait for the next episode. I recomend setting up some atmosphere while you play, wine and incense for immersion ;)They also found I nice way to empower Chloe without making her a super hero."
,Recommended,554620,34649312,Posted: 31 August,all,General Lasalle,A prequel with a different team and yet it hardly skips a beat.
76561198138724227,Recommended,554620,34769875,Posted: 5 September,all,ItFactorScott,Rachel Amber is my life now!
,Recommended,554620,34762715,Posted: 5 September,all,Ganda1f,Just a great game. I loved the first LiS and this one has lived up to my expectations as well.
,Recommended,554620,34767585,Posted: 5 September,all,PeanutButter&JellySandwiches,♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,554620,34768257,Posted: 5 September,all,EPIC YAY,"Number one rule of making an ""obsidian"": do not upstage the original game.OOPS TOO LATE!The writing is FANTASTIC, the music is wonderful, interface is great, acting rocks, and Chloe's ""power"" is just perfect (that's not a sarcastic ""perfect""). While the new VA isn't quite as good, she got Chloe's spirit just right.If you liked Life Is Strange but found some of the writing insipid and annoying, you'll find this a breath of fresh air.(an ""obsidian,"" in this case, is ""KOTOR 2: The Sith Lords"" ,  ""Fallout New Vegas"" , ""Majora's Mask"" , any game based on a previous one using the same engine, assettes, canon universe, but with improvements and not made by all (if any) of the original team)"
76561198033606172,Recommended,554620,34767678,Posted: 5 September,all,Colt 45. Semi Automatic Play Doh,"I was really taking a shot in the dark with this, knowing full well it was being developed by a different dev and I'm glad to say I wasn't let down(at least with the first episode, hopefully quality only goes up from here). Gives me the exact same feels I got when I picked up the first episode of the last game. Minus the time-controlling awsomeness obviously..."
,Recommended,554620,34768017,Posted: 5 September,all,Discount Orifice Obliterator,"Amazing game, would recommend 11/10. If you like feels play this"
,Recommended,554620,34760853,Posted: 5 September,all,Asqiroz,Episode 1 : Life is Strange!Broke my heart so much! really missed chloe!Chloe <3 Rachelcan't wait for Episode 2 <333333
,Recommended,554620,34641275,Posted: 31 August,all,Edward,Time for a Feel trip anyone else wanna join me?
,Recommended,554620,34641318,Posted: 31 August,all,Daphoeno,"Can set graphics settings to ""Hella High""10/10"
76561198093690210,Recommended,554620,34792204,Posted: 7 September,all,ItacooL,"Episode 1ProsBetter graphics and animations than the last game.Very deep, emotional and realistic story.Very nice soundtrack.Good enough dialogue.Great atmosphere.A lot of interactions throughout areas (for example Chloe's room).Hella.ConsA bit of cringe. Nothing serious.THE WAIT TIME BETWEEN EPISODES. APPARENTLY 8-10 WEEKS EACH!!! WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFSummaryif ur depressed dont get this game lol actually no get it its genuinley a great storyget it"
76561198079346730,Recommended,554620,34707639,Posted: 3 September,all,KrisyGaming,"Episode 1: So far the game has been a great experience, if you liked chloe in the first game you will enjoy this game. It has some amazing songs just like the last game however i may add sometimes the voice acting may seem slightly off potentially cringe worthy but all in all its a story heavy game so if you enjoyed the first life is strange your bound to enjoy this game too as it seems to be headed in a very interesting direction with the plot but i prefer not to spoil.EDIT: i will be adding more to the review later who knows i may change my mind about the game upon new episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34646627,Posted: 31 August,all,iiTifako but spooky,2 years later and I still cried like the little girl I am playing this. DAMNIT RACHEL WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME?!!
76561198010535645,Recommended,554620,34718597,Posted: 3 September,all,paulie2510,"As somebody who played the original LiS, I was not a huge fan of Chloe, she just seemed kind of annoying rebel.Now I love her.Bravo Deck Nine. Bravo."
,Recommended,554620,34697664,Posted: 2 September,all,Rafael,Great Game
76561198174720082,Recommended,554620,34697687,Posted: 2 September,all,SeVerUsSuLa,Great Game...
,Recommended,554620,34652961,Posted: 31 August,all,All1CE,fall in love with this game
,Recommended,554620,34656563,Posted: 1 September,all,Bskn,"Get ready for an emotional ride with this one.With the release of the first episode of this game, every gamers who had already play Life is Strange are packed with enthusiasm, and they won't get dissapointed.The first episode tells what the fans wanted, the origin story between Chloe Price and Rachel Amber. And it's amazing.Deck Nine did a fantastic job making Life is Strange: Before the Storm, keeping the ""Arcadia Bay"" feels still in the game.They also seems kinda improve the gameplay mechanics, making it more complex, and that is a good thing. Especially with the ""Backtalk"" system.And the soundtrack for the game is.. hella good."
,Recommended,554620,34641605,Posted: 31 August,all,Sigh,"Came for the backtalk, stayed for the D&D10/10 would tabletop again"
,Recommended,554620,34649485,Posted: 31 August,all,Moothy,I'm already dying for episode too. I love this game so much!!!
,Recommended,554620,34649418,Posted: 31 August,all,PeculiarCarrot,"Right now only Episode 1 is out, and it's excellent. If you liked the first game, you'll like this. I might end up liking this one better. I felt feels and made hard choices."
,Recommended,554620,34754578,Posted: 5 September,all,Smattacus,NO EMOJI!!!!
76561198167947031,Recommended,554620,34729307,Posted: 4 September,all,Spicybarbecue,"takes you right back to arcadia bay and actually feels like a real prequel, would have been so easy to mess this up but they nailed it."
,Recommended,554620,34753464,Posted: 5 September,all,7h3_m3M0ry_HuN73R,"As always, as i expected. Brilliant story line. Simply my best Lifetime game as Life is Strange and Remember Me is <3"
76561198169184360,Recommended,554620,34728617,Posted: 3 September,all,Marnis: THE FUN MASTER,"I enjoyed episode one.So much feeling and interesting interations.Istronglysuggest go playLife is Strangefirst and not ""Before the Storm"" because you'll have a better understand of most characters from Game one than Game two.Unless you REALY want to play ""Before the Storm"" firstwhen ALL the episodes are released... Go straight ahead.I'm just wanting all episodes to be available... Unfortunately we have to wait at least a month for EP Two and another month for EP Three. We will be waiting for quite a while for all of it to be released.FYI... I'm only guessing, it could  ""A month"" to wait."
76561198255959916,Recommended,554620,34987979,Posted: 15 September,all,PunkMonkey,The feels......
,Recommended,554620,34699322,Posted: 2 September,all,♫ faito dayo ♫,Roasting + insulting + puns simulator
,Recommended,554620,34743283,Posted: 4 September,all,Treexlz,its good
,Recommended,554620,34652794,Posted: 31 August,all,Slayer,"Beautiful prequel to a fantastic game. LiS:BTS introduces new characters and locations as well as revists familiar ones. The dynamics between Chloe Price and Rachel Amber and Chloe's struggles with coming to grips with her disfunctional family and Max's absence are explored brilliantly! If you enjoyed the original LiS, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,554620,34656318,Posted: 1 September,all,Lil Breezy,FeelsYuriMan
76561198041088226,Recommended,554620,34711623,Posted: 3 September,all,FRANCIS OF THE FILTH,THE HYPE WAS REALTHIS GAME IS AMAZINGBUY IT OR DIE!
76561198180984299,Recommended,554620,34708043,Posted: 3 September,all,Prab,A decent prequel to the first game. Knowing how David's character develops in the original game i found it a little hard to simply hate him the way Chloe does. However I actually liked to see the same world from a different prespective. Also getting to know the Rachel Amber who was talked about with posters all over in the last game is cool. Hella recommend this to anyone who loved the first game.
,Recommended,554620,34716310,Posted: 3 September,all,nZym (de_dealer),"I thought its impossible to make another game that brings up this much feelings after life is strange, but before the storm really made it. Cant wait for episode 2 first one was great."
,Recommended,554620,34704314,Posted: 2 September,all,WillBeefy,The First Episode Of Life Is Strange Before The Storm Is HELLA GOOD
,Recommended,554620,34667044,Posted: 1 September,all,lameweasle,"HellaHellaHellaHellaHellaHellaYES!I'm an anxty teen, and this game is amazing."
,Recommended,554620,34719973,Posted: 3 September,all,ПЕРФОРАТОР,try not to cringe challenge
,Recommended,554620,34725672,Posted: 3 September,all,perimeter,"This surpassed my expectations easily. Honestly, after a little bit I didn't even notice the new voice actor for Chloe. The soundtrack was great as usual, and the story has me really immersedToo bad I have to wait for the second episode :("
,Recommended,554620,34754841,Posted: 5 September,all,☣Prototype☣,"Look at this piece of crap, and the game too! - Chloe"
,Recommended,554620,34646235,Posted: 31 August,all,Zeewier,"After picking up the original earlier this year, I decided that this would be the first game in 5 years to preorder.I am not dissapointed. Although there doesn't seem to be a clear goal to the story until mabye the end of episode 1 (out of 3), other than telling the story of Chloe during Max' absence, the story is still deep and fun. A lot of the scenes you will encounter have multiple purposes, which I feel seperates good stories from the average. (Also some art and graffiti seems to serve multiple purposes.)The switch from Chloe's voice actor to story writer (iirc, due to the big voice actor strike) wasn't bad. I was used to the new voice in minutes, and the story is truly great. So it was certainly not a bad move.The game is packed with fun little mini games, some of which (seem, I played them all) optional. Since Chloe doesn't get Max' time bending powers, we get a timed decision making battle where you have to pick the right answer. (I'm a slow reader and didn't get into trouble picking the right one, so that's great!). It plays out almost like the Insult Sword Fighting from the original Monkey Island game.Also you get to smash some bottles. Cheers!So based on Episode One: Get this one!"
,Recommended,554620,34651130,Posted: 31 August,all,Dooley011,They didn't screw it up!Good job!
,Recommended,554620,34646852,Posted: 31 August,all,Meme Team || Butters Austin,When you grew up in Long Beach California and Before the Storm gives you a shoutout 10/10.But to be Honest Long Beach is the real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,554620,34704292,Posted: 2 September,all,Pharaoh Atem,"If you enjoyed the style and story of the first Life is Strange, then you'll feel right at home with this one. Episode 1 does well at feeling exactly like the original Life is Strange episodes, but with a new twist on character interaction to challenge your communication skills with people further than just picking from a set list of options.So far, episode 1 is definitely on the right track. Let's hope the next few episodes are too.The music is unsurprisingly good too."
76561197996994169,Recommended,554620,34709822,Posted: 3 September,all,DobeyKweeg,Massively awesome story telling again... in spades. Far out. Totally upvoted.
76561198165904520,Recommended,554620,34728086,Posted: 3 September,all,LordDerpington,This was the first game I ever preordered.I stand by that decision wholheartedly.
,Recommended,554620,34708567,Posted: 3 September,all,Sem^Tex<3 (Boost me daddy),"Tbh when I read Chloe couldn't use the rewind power like Max could in the first game, I had my doubts how this was going to be good, but damn.. The game is just great, play the first game before this though. My first playthrugh of the first episode took almost 3 hours, but I like exploring a lot and talk to everyone and everything, it could probably be done in a bit less than 2 hours.The story seems great, there are a few things that I want to do different in my next playthrough of the first episode, the people talking about the illusion of choice just wants a reason to hate this game, since all episodes isn't out yet it is really hard to see whether it's just an illusion or not, but tbh.. The storylike seems to be awesome, which is the reason I play the game, I don't mind it all just being an illusion. :)The soundtrack and music in this game is just awesome and really sets the perfect tone for this game.Only thing I don't like about this game is waiting at least 8 weeks for the next episode.."
,Recommended,554620,34688280,Posted: 2 September,all,Dyer,This was everything I'd hoped it would be.
76561198408439141,Recommended,554620,34763658,Posted: 5 September,all,Ghillie Llama,10/10 WOULD HELLA RECOMMEND
,Recommended,554620,34784689,Posted: 6 September,all,Yorick,"(Contains spoilers both for Before the Storm and for the original Life is Strange)I will admit that I was initially very conflicted on purchasingBefore the Storm. While I adored the originalLife is Strange(aside from the bulk of the final episode), it being both a prequel and developed by a different team was a combination that I considered to be heavy with potential pitfalls. I am incredibly happy to find that it is a great experience, that it doesn’t try to be the original, and that it (mostly) succeeds in its own endeavours.Because the majority of this will be talking about the writing, let’s start with talking about the gameplay mechanics. The big change here over the originalLife is Strangeis that instead of being able to rewind time as Max, you have a ""Backtalk"" mode that enables you to insult people to get what you want. It feels appropriately punk and adolescent, but it is also worth noting that it feels silly and forced, and is ultimately not very interesting. I can understand the need to put ""something"" in, and it does feel fitting for Chloe’s character, but it didn’t feel like it amounted to much. I hope the later episodes make better use of it, or scrap it. The writing itself is mostly excellent. There are cases where it feels over the top, and where dialogue choices flow very badly from previous statements, as if the conversational threads existed within a vacuum. But it also appropriately captures the feel, and it’s a very different one fromLife is Strange.Life is Strangehad a sense of how being a teenager is confusing. As Max, you were trying to learn who you are, and who you wanted to be. If you could rewind time, what would you do differently. Would you help people or exploit them? What would you do with that kind of power?Before the Stormcontrasts that wonderfully by being about having no power at all. It’s about being lost, and overwhelmed by a world that you don’t feel you fit into, where ""life isn’t fair"" and everything that happens is the end of the world. But don’t mistake it for ""teen angst"", it's genuine (and warranted) misery and frustration and loneliness.Prior to spending the day with Rachel, the only time that you see Chloe happy or excited is during an extended sequence where you can play a sort ofDungeons & Dragonsgame while waiting for class to start. It works because it shows how Chloe flourishes and gets into it when there’s a world where she knows who she is, what the rules are, and what her place is within it. As the game comes to a close, you’re left with the fear of committing to more, because caring is expressing vulnerability.And that’s something present through this episode, with Rachel and Chloe both expressing that fear in different situations. At one point, Rachel expresses that she’s happy you opened up, and Chloe replies ""It's not a big deal"", but we know it is. It’s everything to have that trust in someone else. Your school is filled with people you don’t feel connections with, your mother is spending time with her new boyfriend, and the only people you want to be with, the only ones who would understand, are your deceased father, and former best friend Max.The image that sticks out most in my mind after finishing the first episode is of Chloe crying in the fetal position, in a junkyard, after smashing things in a tear-filled rage of pure frustration. Is it melodramatic? Absolutely. But it’s honest, and it feels accurate to what it was to be a teenager and not know how to express what you were feeling.With knowing, not necessarily how this game is going to end, but what happens to both Chloe and Rachel later, there’s some moments that felt like a punch in the gut. There’s a moment where Rachel says ""I just want you to know that I’m lucky you were with me today, Chloe Price"". And I know that there’s a day when she won’t be there. Just like how Max and her father weren’t there when she needed them most, no matter what I do, Chloe won’t be there when Rachel needs her.The stakes work better here thanLife is Strangebecause we know what they are. We’re not embarking on some mystery and trying to save the city. Instead, the stakes are our happiness, and that of others. I got an in-game text that said Mikey’s been feeling down lately, but playingDungeons and Dragonswith me really helped a lot. That’s what it’s about, these connections we form and what we experience together."
,Recommended,554620,34641771,Posted: 31 August,all,.BrokensMemories ツ,It's a very very nice Game. I love it!
,Recommended,554620,34667848,Posted: 1 September,all,Viktor,"As good as I expected to be, and that is really good."
,Recommended,554620,34781191,Posted: 6 September,all,Fossil,10/10 would cry again
76561198044096663,Recommended,554620,34981313,Posted: 15 September,all,Sehnsüchtiger Engel,"I was worried when I realized that Dontnod wasn't making this, but after the first episode, I am a lot less worried. (Still slightly worried though.) I think it's fantastic. I think it's a very strong start. I love the music, the animations, and the chemistry between Rachel and Chloe. The strong chemistry between the main characters actually surprised me. If the other episodes are as good as the first one, then I will be sad there aren't more than three."
,Recommended,554620,34765514,Posted: 5 September,all,Komar,Veri good
,Recommended,554620,35087783,Posted: 20 September,all,Dragoon,"Such a mysterious game, this game goes MUCH deeper metaphorically than what is displayed while playing. You will defiantly have a hard time setting this game down. Enjoy this interactive narrative driven game for yourself :)10/10 , I would recommend this to a friend!"
,Recommended,554620,34663872,Posted: 1 September,all,★ Lithuanian,Would bang Rachel
76561198410110401,Recommended,554620,35095646,Posted: 20 September,all,alichousan,"Life is strange is one of my favorite game series of all time! It's so atmospheric, the music really takes you and brings you into a spiral of emotions. The voice actors are amazingly good in my opinion. In some ways I hope it can really bring people to stop and think of what others might be going trough in their lives. This game is kinda teaching what empathy's like.I was super excited to play Before the storm and I was wondering how different it would be to be playing Chloe instead of Max especially since she can't reverse time. Well, the new features like backtalk are super fun. Her character is well developed and it's interesting to learn more of her history when Max wasn't there. Also you will meet some new characters as well as the ones from the previous game like poor Nathan and meany Victoria!I wish the world of Life is strange will keep expanding in the futur. A game made with Nathan's point of view would be amazing on the psychological aspect. I must say, you just get attached to the characters so easily. I want more and I can't wait for the next episode to come out. You should definitly buy this wonderful game. Thanks to all the creators!"
,Recommended,554620,34657075,Posted: 1 September,all,SL,Best game ive ever played ;-; its just so perfect i cant describe how awesome this game is.. i would recommend it to everyone
,Recommended,554620,34656648,Posted: 1 September,all,Daryan,"If you liked the first one, most likely you will enjoy this one.I did not expect the plot to go there, but it did and holy hell.10/10 Ultra graphics is called 'hella high'"
76561198011097147,Recommended,554620,34812800,Posted: 8 September,all,[MCG]Akira,omfg so good!  10 out of 10 would love to commit corporate espionage and get my hands on episode 2 NOW
,Recommended,554620,34776103,Posted: 6 September,all,H.,First eps was hellaLIT
,Recommended,554620,34712419,Posted: 3 September,all,EvkaX155,Great game. Can't wait for the second episode.
,Recommended,554620,34665886,Posted: 1 September,all,Mald,Yes
,Recommended,554620,34664726,Posted: 1 September,all,Fremen,"Anarchy before the storm.""Ready for the mosh pit, shaka brah.""i would recommend this game to play, but in fact - its not complete yet. So lets wait a lot or a little.And yes, denuvo haters gonna hella hate."
76561198189987179,Recommended,554620,34913446,Posted: 12 September,all,Karinshastha,"This review was written after the release of Episode 1: Awake.If you loved Life is Strange, you'll love Before the Storm. It's very much a case of ""if this is the sort of thing you like, you'll like this sort of thing."" Just multiply it by a whole bunch.Deck Nine has lived up to the weighty expectations set by predecessor studio Dontnod in crafting a compelling, engrossing prequel story which chronicles the blossoming relationship between 16 year-old social outcast Chloe Price and golden girl Rachel Amber. After the death of Chloe's father, William, two years prior, and the departure of her best friend Max to Seattle, Chloe finds herself alone and unwanted in the little streets of Arcadia Bay, Oregon. That is, until blonde-haired, jasmine-scented Rachel Amber takes an interest in her.What exactly does Rachel want with Chloe? And where will their adventures (and relationship) take them? Before the Storm sets out to tell this tale over the course of three episodes.PROS- Outstanding lip synching and facial expressions- Beautifully rendered scenes, moving cutscenes, lots of minutiae to be found while exploring- Bass-driven, static-infused soundtrack by indie folk band Daughter- Voice acting that remains faithful to the spirit of the original- Choices that add interesting flavor to the plot arc, some of which are much more ""adult"" than those in the original- The groundwork has been laid for your emotional destructionNEUTRALS- Variable voice acting delivery (VAs don't always ""nail it"")CONS- Some voice acting doesn't mesh well (David Madsen)- Minor technical glitches from time to time- Rachel and Chloe go from zero to hella pretty quickly - some may find the abbreviated narrative disingenuousI cannot recommend this enthusiastically enough. If you have a heart and can cozy up to teenage drama stories, buy this."
,Recommended,554620,34654234,Posted: 1 September,all,Not a Bot,The sound track for Life is Strange is ALWAYS so on point.
,Recommended,554620,34654222,Posted: 1 September,all,Rich B$tch,If you played the previous game then you should buy this one without a doupt. You ough it to yourself
,Recommended,554620,34641264,Posted: 31 August,all,HubertTheFox,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awensome
,Recommended,554620,34947736,Posted: 14 September,all,_Polarity,"Read a comment that said ""If you're a gay you're gonna love this."" Hell, I'm straight and I love this!!! Get it, play it, live it, scream your lungs out when you finish episode 1 and expect the next episode right away! Can't wait for the next two. Definitely worthy my money here.I also have to add that I (surprisingly) rather enjoyed not being able to time travel. Makes each decision point feel important. And the anger system thingy keeps you on your toes. The rework of the mechanics from the original series is really enjoyable. Again, I loved the first episode and I can't wait to rip my heart out on the 2 upcoming ones."
,Recommended,554620,34642502,Posted: 31 August,all,PenguinOWN,"From the bottom of my hearth, I recommend playing this game. It is insane awesome and really good. If you have not yet played the original LiS. You should really give it a go before playing this game!"
,Recommended,554620,34642489,Posted: 31 August,all,Cartoon Frames,"Life is Strange: Before the Storm is a triumph in capturing teenage angst and mixing it with thematic artistry. A deeply-immersive play, this game wears its heart on its sleeve, and pulls no punches with its lambastic, aggressive dialogue and decisions. With environments that encourage exploration and plenty of memorable moments, I highly recommend this title."
76561198148630949,Recommended,554620,35394507,Posted: 1 October,all,Bisexual Birdy,"Just played episode oneall i can say is it's just like the trailerstory emersivegreat (Slightly cheesy) Voice workAwesome semi-realistic graphics and amazing Overall Gamei Highly Recommened this, and since i loved the first game i pre-orderd this 4 months earlyand you get a pre-order bonusgames awesome, HIGHLY recommend"
,Recommended,554620,34661959,Posted: 1 September,all,DOGGO,wow this game. i don't know what to say
76561198093619159,Recommended,554620,34724476,Posted: 3 September,all,TSM Miley Dyrus,"Okay, I loved the first game, and I'm loving this one so far. Worth the money, runs well on my specs, i5 4690k @ 4.3 GHz and a GTX 1070. Can't wait for episode 2!"
,Recommended,554620,34685971,Posted: 2 September,all,TheTrashMan,Amazing. I was worried this wouldn't live up to the last game but it does not disappoint.
,Recommended,554620,34721623,Posted: 3 September,all,Paramore*,"Critics of the game life is strange: before the storm:Twinfinite — 9 out of 10Hardcore gamer — 9 out of 10Metro GameCentral — 8 out of 10Really? — 6.5 out of 10Great game, waiting for 2 episode :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvwDNGjEp7Ahttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1126124182"
,Recommended,554620,34640893,Posted: 31 August,all,sf0,10/10 Storytelling and well u can play D&D what else can u ask for :D
76561198209077565,Recommended,554620,34723978,Posted: 3 September,all,Charming Cthulhu,"The mechanic they gave chloe to replace max's time wrap is like..the most appropriate thing ever.. its arguing and insulting to win argument.. i mean thats like the perfect ''power'' for her lmaoAlso, ultra setting is called ''hella high'' thats a very nice touch."
76561197972319820,Recommended,554620,34724531,Posted: 3 September,all,Dorkish The Dork,"The Good:-A few scenes are quite fun, such as the part where you get to play DnD.-The Backtalk mechanic is very fun. It's no rewind ability, but it's still a nice staple mechanic.-The story gives you a bit more of a connection to Rachelwhich makes here death in the first game actually make you feel something rather than it just being some girl you know nothing about.-This game gives you more Chloe.The Neutral:-Chloe's new voice actor. Most people would probably put this under ""The Bad"" catagory, but I personally don't mind as much. It doesn't seem right at all, but Ashly Burch had her reasons, and at least she helped to write Chloe in this.-Rachel's story is a bit generic. ""I'm the happy, popular girl! But oh no! I'm actually depressed! Good thing the protaganist is here to push me through these hard times!"". It could have been worse, but oh well.-It's not made by Dontnod. Very few sequels made by different devs turn out to be as good, and even few turn out better(the only game I can think of that does better under a different team was Fallout: New Vegas). This isn't really a bad thing, but it is undoubtably not a good thing. Lets keep an open mind though.-We find the origins of ""Hella"". I'll let you decide if thats good or bad...The Bad:-Some dialog(at least at the very start) doesn't quite match Chloe's character. I've mentioned to some friends, at points it seems like the writers thought they were writing for Max, but by the time they realized they weren't, it was too late.(the dialog does slowly fall into place where it should be though)-Chloe has a too much of an obsesion with Max. I know they were close, and the first game was all about her, but almost every page in Chloe's journal mentions Max in some way, and even talks about her when examining certain items. I love Max as much as the next person, but it was a bit over done here.-Frank is depicted as a softy. I know he secretly is one(as seen with his dog in the first game), but he's straight up to kind in this. Maybe it will change in later episodes, but this is not the Frank we knew.-Chloe and Rachel make a cute couple. This pisses me off since Chloe and Max are the OTP.OVERALL:If you enjoyed the first game, you might as well get this. It's not a must play though. It's basically here to tide you over if you can't wait longer for the actual Life is Strange 2. I give it a soft 7/10"
,Recommended,554620,34686469,Posted: 2 September,all,PolskiBraT,.
,Not Recommended,554620,34682992,Posted: 2 September,all,Lightue ☆,"//EDIT: Looks like the problem is caused by my AMD graphic card and will not be fixed for me. So you should not buy the game if you have any of these following grafic cards:AMD card 757HD 5000HD 5700HD 5770 with up-to-date software suite 15.7.1HD 5800HD 5970, 2 GB VRAM, Dual GPU, with CCC 15.11.1 Beta and no overclocks.HD 6600/6700 6600M and 6700M Series.HD 6670 AMD / ASUS ATI 6670 HDHD 6800 series.HD 6870HD 7500M/7600MHD 7670M 2B VRAMHD 7690MRadeon R7 M260The game will keep crashing at a certain point. :(________________________________I really liked the game until it kept crashing (always when I try to enter the school for the first time) - I already tried to re-install it but still no getting though :/ Can't find any solutions on the internet right nowI'll wait a couple of days for maybe an update or bugfixes - If someone can help me I'd be really happy tho :D"
,Not Recommended,554620,34678349,Posted: 2 September,all,hoppelhasen,"I did play it to see if what Deck Nine did too. I was in a group where they were members too and they told us they rather make their own game than keep to canon.1) Lack of details. I simply don't need to pay attention to everyone and everything else since it adds NOTHING to the story. Also when Rachel gives Chloe her thing for the nails, Chloe later throws it on the ground - seen in the cutscene - suddenly gone after 3 seconds. Did it fly away?2) Choices don't really matter. They already set a path for the story, so if you chose wrong - they let you know (Like, Rachel got mad Chloe does not answer ""Something more"" if you choose ""Friendship"". like srsly? Fist day and its >something more?!<.. Thanks, I guess I HAVE to choose something more then... - or like i choose to let Rachel alone, Chloe continues with ""NOT OK"" line.. Like i did not want that, but thanks for setting the path anyway!) - and it was highly clear Rachel did NOT love Chloe.  Yep fanservice, screw it, they love each other from the first day why not.3) Pick a good choice - it doesnt have consequences/""THis choice will matter"" - choose a bad one - immediately ""this choice will matter"" thing. So yeah, only my bad things do matter as it seems? Thanks for saying ""You can play chloe how you want"" - but then i cant since i can not play her nice?4)  Why is Chloe in class with everyone else?! Alyssa, Brook, Rachel, Victoria, Warren, Nathan.. WHY AND HOW?35) Nathans blue Jacket was used in LiS to show he changed, in the AU, he isnt the bad kid.. Yet guess what, take the blue in the Normal World and completely screw this image over. Okay thanks?I mean the Story is great - when not Canon (they first promised canon, yet they then said they don't care they ""make their own"") - i will play the other Episodes to judge fully. But it is SURE NOT what got promised. It is a full fan-service fanfic made game to be honest. Chloe is still a♥♥♥♥♥♥in it, even tho even William tells her NOT to be (Screw ya dad?) - and it is fully not justified that she behaves like this. David TRIES to talk to her for the sake of her mother.. But screw everyone? Joyce begs that she needs her - nop mom screw you for moving on what I can not do.. - To be honest I can not see how THIS Chloe transform to the bathroom Chloe in LiS. They are mean on other levels.Chloe says to herself in this game, to move on and not be angry - even explains to Rachel that she WAS and should NOT be. Yet guess what she does in Episode 3 or 4 in LiS with Max in the car? Yep blame William.Inconsequence on statements and canon gameplay. That's what i feared to happen but it did happen.Only good thing here is like I said - a tad of the Story (even tho there is no goal? No sign where the Story should go, no line to follow) and that I can see Rachel. She is NOT what i imagined her to be (Timetraveler too, and it seems like she was some nature power (I know no powers in this game) when she screams at the fire.) But who knows what happens?If you did not play LiS one - or do not care about the canon - I think it is safe for you to play.If you love LiS and do care for the canon - don't..."
,Recommended,554620,34650534,Posted: 31 August,all,Drakth,Amazing start... loved it.Keep up the good work... i cant wait the next episode.
76561198119236039,Recommended,554620,34706678,Posted: 3 September,all,Succulent Baby Zucchini,Changed my life. Chloe is hella awesome. Talkback system very tense. A+ for effort. And execution.WRITING GOOOOOD.
,Recommended,554620,34643571,Posted: 31 August,all,[GAZArts],I actually can't believe what i just played. You guys at Deck Nine brought Chloe Price back to life for us. I was a little concerned at first that Ashley Burch wasn't reprising her role and that the game didn't have the DontNod Stamp but within the first few minutes of playing it became clear that this game was made with so much heart and care for the franchise. It's so refreshing to see this wasn't a way to make a quick buck out of the fans. Infact this game feels like it was made by the fans. Feels so awesome to revisit Arcadia Bay again and i liked that there wasn't an over use of foreshadowing like you find in a lot of prequel stories. Bravo to the Dev's truly a  great job.
,Recommended,554620,34707806,Posted: 3 September,all,FANTAK,Better than Telltale
,Not Recommended,554620,34807641,Posted: 7 September,all,Sheppy,"Well let's me say something first: When I saw the trailer for a new LiS Game, I liked it but my first thought still was ""probably gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. So I waited, waited for my hyped friends to play it, waited for reviews, and what shell I say. They were universally good. And so I bought it.What fool I am. Imagine LiS beeing a all time 10/10 in my scale and this is a 2/10. It's not even ""just not that that good"" it's actually just bad. I know you want reasons, so here you go in the order I noticed them:- intro nowhere near as good as the first one, you have no idea where you are or what you do- wtf are those anoying click mechanics.- converstations are downright stupid and you don't care to listen to them- you make uninformed choices because of badly established characters- Chloe behaves like a retard, which was ok as a contrast to Max in the first game but now? f her- Illusion of choice just isn't there, therefore, emersion isn't- voice acting doesn't correspond to chloes or put differently, Chloes new voiceactor is bad-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of attitude doesn't work with the bad animation- you are supposed to hate your moms new friend without even meeting him- decisions feel rushed and not natural- voiceacting get's worse- your attempts to make David look like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ feel like you are trying way too hard, you made him a satire of his character in LiS- ffs- soundtrack is medicore at best- not even compltely sure wtf they did to the graphics- the whole ""photoframe"" theme is gone which make the scenes/places way less enjoyable- still♥♥♥♥♥♥""checkpoints"" with not dialog skip options- DAFAG IS THIS ANOY PEOPLE MECHANIC- who the f is thie eliot, why should I care about him again?- loooong unskippable zooming around with nothing intressting shown or good soundtrack nor is it fitting chloe's pace or the pace of the game shown so far--- I acknowladge that tilted at this point ---- who the f apporved this chloe voiceactor again- you give me a dialog option ""maybe"" and then I give fracking yes as an answer- the victory dialog- name of the band PenisPenisSomething- the song of the PenisPiss Band, to which I said it was good despite it beeing♥♥♥♥♥♥because that skip sidecharacter is the first ok character in this whole game- the dialog with the science teacher- the options to answer to nathan- the dialog between nathan and random black guy- Mrrowww LIKE WHAT THE !:!:!:!:!--- Rachel is nice, perhaps we could have a game with her as main character, and the soundtrack imediatelly improves, wait is this intentional? ---- aaaand we are skipping school, for a moment I thought, na well, just wishfull daydreaming- aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrgh- why the ♥♥♥♥ do you let me promise the teacher to come to his class and then give me no choice to actually do it WHY DO YOU GIVE ME THAT CHOICE IN THE FIRST PLACE- i wonder what those symbols mean, like no♥♥♥♥♥♥ gone are the subtile hints, this game is for the dumb masses now- I now realise how good rewinding and exploring decisions was, well gone too- oh, doesnt matter anyways nvm- the 2 truths game and rachels facts- chole's facts- ""arrrw""- why am I even still playing this- the entire rest of the dialog on the train- chloe's voiceactor- throughing the nailthing on the floor not picking it up and it not beeing there after- WHAT THE Ffdsjakfhaswoeit rqpw0üe9 trwerw5v971f 5t7w735 wpe457 2q145 q134trgfsdfasdfg is this spying game- i have to steal the bottle- the end of the episode- the dialog at the end of the episode- choe's bat-swing- SquarEnix- rachel at the end of the episode doesnt make sence concerning her mystical role in the sequel- who approved new chloe's voiceactor again?- the ending of the episode after what i thought was the ending of the episode- the dragging out the fkin ending after the ending after the ending which i originally thought was the endingSo, Spoiler, let me get this straight, the reason Rachel hang our with me, was cause she wanted to spy on her dad and start a wildfire? And for that I skipped school and broke three promises? What a♥♥♥♥♥♥..Let the downvotes of the mainstream fall uppon me..Cheers."
,Not Recommended,554620,34735100,Posted: 4 September,all,Petar,I just cant put my finger on it. Compared to the first one i feel like it lost its soul. I dont know what it is though.
,Recommended,554620,35009943,Posted: 16 September,all,ultrarunner,Wow. What a game.
,Recommended,554620,34643802,Posted: 31 August,all,Chloe Price,very good game
76561198104773402,Recommended,554620,34762395,Posted: 5 September,all,Blue Star Line,"Thank you Deck Nine, The game is great, If you don't own this game you gotta get it!"
,Recommended,554620,34645175,Posted: 31 August,all,Agent Deathbat,"First episode down, this game is already looking to be worth my pre-order."
,Recommended,554620,34710087,Posted: 3 September,all,Kalean,"At first I was sceptical, but as I played on I began to feel old emotions flood back. I recommend playing before the storm because while you  begin to connect with rachel, you also know what will eventually happen to her. To me, that adds some emotional depth. Also, you're more conscious of making decisions because you can't turn back time.Looking forward to the next episodes!"
76561198057108111,Not Recommended,554620,35399218,Posted: 1 October,all,Se777en,"Doesn't work with the Steam Link controller. This is another one of those games that are released prematurely, full of bugs. If you can't even get the controller to work, that shows how little they spent on quality assurance. It's not only me. There's a whole thread, full of people experiencing the same issue. They recently came out with a patch to address this problem, but only for the XBOX 360 controller. Who knows when they'll come of with a solution for the steam link controller, because after they released the latest patch, it appears from their lack of communication that they think the issue is totally resolved. I will never buy a game from Deck Nine again."
76561198026917457,Recommended,554620,34716697,Posted: 3 September,all,Mr. Tambourine Man,Very good
76561198153326450,Recommended,554620,34716877,Posted: 3 September,all,ALPACA,Just superb.
,Recommended,554620,35285107,Posted: 29 September,all,random,"So many feels, play D&D."
,Recommended,554620,35304018,Posted: 29 September,all,Fan FRZ,great story
,Recommended,554620,34692636,Posted: 2 September,all,Beep Boop Science Chip,"While I can't say it's better than the first one since the first one is still the thing that's had the most influence over my life, this one goes pretty straight to the feels. The original had me crying by the end of episode 3, yet this one managed to do it by the first episode.Can't really make a real review until the game fully comes out but I can definitely recommend the first episode, specially to fans of the original.Keep in mind the original voice actress for Chloe is part of the VA strike so she isn't in the game. The new one does a good job at portraying a younger version of her, though."
,Recommended,554620,35489449,Posted: 5 October,all,ZOLY,"Not sure how I feel about this game after only the first episode, though far less interesting than the first Life is Strange game.Less dramatic, less emotions shown from the characters, Chloe sounds weird.Comparing the two, this game lacks, well, everything. Life is Strange dragged you into the story so much that you were looking for the next episode to come out with so much excitment, this for me personally isn't that. I'm looking forward to episode 2, but not nearly as much as I have been waiting for the first games episodes.I couldn't really not recommend this game, though since there's no midpoint, I'll just give it a thumbs up."
76561198063984283,Not Recommended,554620,34743727,Posted: 4 September,all,taylorguo23,"sadly only thumbs up or down at steam. if in 5 stars mode, it definitly worth 3. but i gonna make a down for now.personally, i don't quite understand why it's highly rated everywhere.first, there is quite a bit out of charactor voice acting here and there. and in a lot of intense scene, the voice is simply blend as purified water.besides, i heard they switched there game engine, however, i did not notice any improvement in the graphic part.however, it's not completely bad for the game. the new argueing system is fun, though i believed the dialogue needs quite a bit work to improve. the idea is good.and the super power part is removed from the game. [obviously, for now, max is not our main actor. and it's the story before the strom] i pretty like the more realistic story, while, maybe someone will miss the maze with the super power."
,Recommended,554620,34761666,Posted: 5 September,all,JampaB,"Pros:+Story+Charecters+Art style+MusicCons:-Minor bugs-Dialogue is sometimes ""unreal"" or ""over dramatic""-Many cliché-charectorsSo far I have only played the first episode . Gameplay mechanics have been improved and artstyle are very nice looking . I have experienced some issues with game audio . Sometimes I don't hear what charecter says but I can still see subtitles . Other than that first episode is pretty solid ."
,Recommended,554620,34646670,Posted: 31 August,all,Edd,Best D&D game ever
,Recommended,554620,34711508,Posted: 3 September,all,SamuelLessard Streamer,"I wanted more, and they gave me more.Buy the game."
,Recommended,554620,34708380,Posted: 3 September,all,Chicony,"After loving the original Life Is Strange, marking it as one of the best games I've ever experienced, I surely had to get this one too. I've had my doubts, as it's coming from a different developer.Luckily, already after first episode, all doubts disappeared. It's beautiful. I love to learn more about Chloe's life, and more about Rachel too, which we didn't really get to know in the original title. It's nostalgic, it brings memories of real school life. It's sad, emotional... and feels real. Also props on funny jokes and references.I can't wait for the next episode. The ending scene of ep.1 has a very similar touch like in the first Life is Strange. Outstanding. It's just asking for more."
,Recommended,554620,34703783,Posted: 2 September,all,JC Denton,"Off to a great start, excited to see where it goes.  Will be hard to wait for ep2."
,Recommended,554620,34742273,Posted: 4 September,all,【ℳR.】-ReÐFieLÐz-,Awesome Game !! Can't wait the new thing
,Recommended,554620,34641300,Posted: 31 August,all,Hootpy,"Damn, I have waiting so long for this.11/10"
76561198071530169,Recommended,554620,34743613,Posted: 4 September,all,Oluf Fra Noreg,g
,Recommended,554620,34651962,Posted: 31 August,all,Spookyhort,It's hella good.
76561198332283592,Recommended,554620,34660608,Posted: 1 September,all,miladon,I love this.
,Recommended,554620,34662385,Posted: 1 September,all,joe,i bims
,Recommended,554620,34667235,Posted: 1 September,all,rulletrapp,"Worth every bit of money! Loved the first game and so far loving this one too. This is by far the best story I have ever seen in a game, or really anywhere actually! I will definately recommend this to anyone who has played the first one."
,Recommended,554620,34743765,Posted: 4 September,all,Onon,Absolutely love it. The game exceeded my expectations tenfold. A worthy prequel to the masterpiece.
76561198148966981,Recommended,554620,34648349,Posted: 31 August,all,hikiyume,"hella yuri, hella cute."
76561198122343377,Recommended,554620,34836535,Posted: 9 September,all,Polaretti,"I was skeptical, but it's a masterpiece."
76561198236049394,Recommended,554620,34836155,Posted: 9 September,all,ivonnangelus,"let me show you, how to make grown♥♥♥♥♥man cry.......:("
,Recommended,554620,34732046,Posted: 4 September,all,JACK_,My feels weren't ready
,Recommended,554620,34761898,Posted: 5 September,all,Patta,"Great prequel of a great game.Before the Storm continued on seamlessly to the predecessor.I like the new dialog system, so I had to evaluate my answers a bit more.Can't wait for the next episodes!"
76561198153490857,Recommended,554620,34762970,Posted: 5 September,all,WoTCrudes,"The first episode starts this prequel series off strong with awesome atmosphere and a great backstory of the much loved character, Chloe. Although the 'rewind' mechanic that made Life Is Strange unique and great doesn't exist here, Deck Nine did an amazing job in the first episode and I can't wait for the next 2 episodes to come out. I strongly recommend this game.- Amazing soundtrack- Beautiful scenery- Good graphics- Perfect characters- Stunning atmosphere"
76561198419670250,Recommended,554620,34893765,Posted: 11 September,all,Akscarface9117,its aight.
76561197965583985,Recommended,554620,34654350,Posted: 1 September,all,Tenka,I was worried because it wasn't DontNOD.I was worried because Ashley Burch couldn't voice Chloe.But they nailed it .. they ♥♥♥♥ing nailed it.
76561198019096004,Not Recommended,554620,35256235,Posted: 28 September,all,SingaporeShling,"Ive been excited about this sequel for a year now.. Waiting patiently.. I preordered it..Alas,, Whenever I try to play since launch I cant get more than 5 minutes in without it crashing me and asking me to send a message to the devs. Its been out for weeks now. Please fix the crashing,"
,Recommended,554620,34642555,Posted: 31 August,all,Crimson Desolate,"No, I'm not crying. Emotional masterpiece."
,Recommended,554620,34946827,Posted: 14 September,all,Not SANTA,If you're a gay you're gonna love this. I love this it's so cute and I really enjoy the animation and dialogue in this game. I feel like it's better than the original in the fact you can't redo your decisions so choose carefully. Also the special Chloe arguments or whatever they are called you can have are dope asf. Good job!
,Recommended,554620,34655238,Posted: 1 September,all,Art director of your suffering,oh Hello there!Q!! W@! !@ !# WANNA CRY A BIT>LKJS&&?????
,Recommended,554620,34639591,Posted: 31 August,all,1_ucie || Farmskins.com,"I know that for whatever path I choose to tread, it will eventually lead me to that. Still I've been waiting so long, so so long for it. Aint that ironic?#edit1 - after playing ep1: OMG goosebumps all over me"
,Recommended,554620,34640785,Posted: 31 August,all,DANK MEMES BRO,"Angsty, hissy, punk teenager simulator 2017420/10I'd make a comeback, but I am not too Chloe yet...Oh, yeah, the story is OK so far, recognizes 360 controller quite wellIntel Core i7-4720HQ, GeForce GTX 960M, 16 GB RAM  ran on 1080p High Preset 60 FPS"
,Recommended,554620,34686086,Posted: 2 September,all,Shaft,"amazing game, great gameplay!totally worth to buy :)"
,Recommended,554620,34640091,Posted: 31 August,all,Scheiße dies leben,"Optimization in this game is so good, that my wood pulls it in 60 frames.This game is awesome.It remains to wait for 2 episode. And cry. Very much to cry."
,Recommended,554620,35379170,Posted: 1 October,all,LXH.XSSL,"Didn't like Chloe in the original LIS, opinions changed."
,Recommended,554620,34999800,Posted: 16 September,all,error101,Amazing as the first season
,Recommended,554620,35010381,Posted: 16 September,all,Tana,Life is gay <3
,Recommended,554620,34743579,Posted: 4 September,all,joshdrst,best game yet 10/10
76561198079877824,Recommended,554620,34840837,Posted: 9 September,all,Akame,JUST AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINAL IF NOT BETTER!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198073313540,Recommended,554620,35280179,Posted: 28 September,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ BicBoi [TC] Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"I can't believe this game turned out to be THIS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING if not more amazing than ""Life is Strange"". Literally every scene is crafted with so much love and passion, it's incredible! I have only just finished episode 1 and i'm already shaking in excitement for the the future episodes and the ""Special Farewell for Max/Chloe bonus Episode (which i hope is not the last time we see these 2 together :c). Overall, A MUST ♥♥♥♥ING BUY if you have/have not played the Original ""Life is Strange"" yet. Oh and the music, IS HELLA GUD :DPS: After what i've seen in episode 1 alone, i'm just happy that i made the right choice in ""Life is Strange's Finale"" #BaeBeforeBay"
,Recommended,554620,35313617,Posted: 29 September,all,Zenoxy ©,Hella
,Recommended,554620,34641530,Posted: 31 August,all,TNovix,"Visually and emotionally, I believe this game so far is a home run! The first Life is Strange was something very special, it holds a place in my heart, and I know Before the Storm will do so as well. The first episode, we got to play as Chloe Price, one of Maxs friends in the first Life is Strange struggling with school, her mothers boyfriend (David), and having a little bump in the road with her potential new love interest, Rachel who was missing in the first Life is Strange. This game is a 3 episodic series including a new episode ""Farewell"" where you get to play as Max ""one last time"". I'm vey much looking forward to the rest of this series as well as Life is Strange 2 next year!"
,Recommended,554620,35091004,Posted: 20 September,all,AmericanEagle,Life is Cringe: Before the PromSeems Legit...
76561198117672984,Recommended,554620,34769320,Posted: 5 September,all,Phoenix,"Really liked Episode 1, time will tell when other episodes release."
76561197981486159,Recommended,554620,34748281,Posted: 4 September,all,Phil,waiting for this a long time and it did not Disappoint.
,Recommended,554620,34731595,Posted: 4 September,all,KÍŁŁ€π 9,Hella High <3
76561198105327700,Recommended,554620,34731938,Posted: 4 September,all,Loolsoos,Home sh*t home!
,Recommended,554620,34732204,Posted: 4 September,all,nfnite,WOW. Well done.
,Recommended,554620,34731488,Posted: 4 September,all,Al Funcoot,Shaka brah
76561198235841200,Recommended,554620,34748512,Posted: 4 September,all,Ben9096,damn..
76561198066437570,Recommended,554620,34749426,Posted: 4 September,all,marcelladovale,Amazing.
76561198029836899,Recommended,554620,34738366,Posted: 4 September,all,¥µɲǥ βą$€ℓ๏яď,Hella yes.
,Recommended,554620,34765106,Posted: 5 September,all,Jeff Tutorials,Very happy with the game so far. Truly a emotional rollercoaster with a great plot. Definitly worth the price tag!
76561198234011660,Recommended,554620,34643821,Posted: 31 August,all,Swish Swish Griff シ,"The new  voice actor for chloe is actually really good,althought its gay paying 25 € for 3 episodes,its still worth just to see what happened with Rachel and Chloe."
,Recommended,554620,34644322,Posted: 31 August,all,SlyCoopersButt,"Say ""Knobcone"" again."
,Recommended,554620,34643734,Posted: 31 August,all,tdR,🌳🔥
76561198054710922,Recommended,554620,34647546,Posted: 31 August,all,Heial,This game blew away all my expectations.I orginally thought it was never going to be as good as the first life is strange but.Thank jesus I was wrong this is better then all the apects where the first one fell.Mainly the writing is massively improved and reworked.B. JUST BUY THIS FREAKING GAME SHAKA BRA!
,Recommended,554620,34644297,Posted: 31 August,all,Sarcastinite,"11/10 wish I forgot everything so I could be excited and do it again.Serious Note:HUGE improvement on animation and lip synching, little details like Chloe's facial expressions changing with her thoughts make the game pretty immersive."
76561198023287533,Recommended,554620,34644341,Posted: 31 August,all,Threnody,CP + RA_______$__________$______$$_____$___$$_______$$_$___$_$$______$$$__$____$$$___$___$$_$$$__$$$$__$__$$___$$$$$__$$$$___$$___$$_$$$$$___$$$$$_$$___$$$$$$$$$_$$$$$$$$$__$$$*****$$$$$*****$$$$$__$*_______*_*_______*$__*____________________*__*_________________*__*_________________*___*__________________*____*_______________*______*___________*________*_______*__________*___*____________*
76561198052856007,Recommended,554620,34644291,Posted: 31 August,all,[ALC] d0ge,It's hella good <3
,Recommended,554620,34644293,Posted: 31 August,all,Wolfgang,sooooo coooool
76561198060233347,Recommended,554620,34644318,Posted: 31 August,all,CookieXu,"Life is easy ,Support simplified Chinese and we  support you :)"
,Recommended,554620,34643843,Posted: 31 August,all,Joy,"Episode one so far is really great.I just wish the developers would have released all three episodes (four if you have the deluxe) together, rather than part by part."
,Recommended,554620,34675614,Posted: 1 September,all,Trogbane,"Three hours. I spent three hours reliving my time in Arcadia bay. I turned over every stone, flipped every log, and read every text and journal entry. It all feels so right.I was apprehensive when i first started playing. The first few moments felt....offThey felt odd. I soon realised that i felt so strange because i wasnt controling Max.I was so wrapped up in the game and so utterly convinced that i was still playing LiS 1, that It felt wrong.But it was oh so good.The acting is mostly greatThe voice actors, while not all are the same, were on point...especially Chloe'sThere are plenty of ""have a seat and think"" moments that feel natural, as well as tagging opportunities that are used to mimic Max's -take a photo- moments.You get options on what to write in graffiti and they are all hilarious.You see some familiar faces, which made me especially giddy.Of course the music is on another level. You cant have LiS without a stellar soundtrack, and this soundtrack is exactly that. It's themed around Chloe's music choice, which is refreshingly more punk instead of Max's Indie scene music.It all works. It works so incredibly well that you would think you were playing Season 2.Just play it already."
,Recommended,554620,34675650,Posted: 1 September,all,ุLin Jein,"A rare occurence of a state where, so far, I can state that the 'sequel/prequel' took the lessons from the previous iteration, and improved upon it. The storyline, based on your choices is so much smoother. I played through The Walking Dead extensively, and the original puts what I thought was a great entry into this genre and puts it into the dust. The game takes that even further, polishing the overarching experience, making almost every social option feel like it has meaning (versus one options is 'perfect', while the rest feel hastily added in for 'fluff'). If that wasn't enough, they iterated on the social options, creating a game of the 'challenging. As Chole, we all know how aggressively she challenged anyone and anything she didn't with which she didn't agree. In this game, you have the option, during certain conversations, where you can basically begin a social challenge with the other character, choosing responses that could win or lose you points torwards a successful verbal challenge. Also, to add onto that, while the 'best' choice is minorly obvious to me, it definitely doesn't feel like it's HEY PICK ME, and it does feel like they did a great job in making at least 2/3 options feel viable on a majority of the conversations. This particular aspect could use a little polish, but for a first iteration this is definitely incredible, worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,554620,34675594,Posted: 1 September,all,/v/idya guy,"Really good Prequel to Life is Strange, if you enjoyed the first one then this one is essential after you've completed season 1."
,Recommended,554620,34675693,Posted: 1 September,all,Drip,"Phenomenal prequel to Life is Strange, provides a nice insight into the lives of the characters in the first game, and clears up a lot of loose ends. I seriously cannot recommend this enough (assuming you have watched or played the first game. Having watched it, ableit regrettably, I recommend playing).Arcadia Bay feels as good as ever, and it feels great to play through Chloe's eyes. The characters are as alive as before, and it's not hard to fall in love with them all once again. This is more than a game, but an experience like the first.I really don't want to spoil anything further about this game. Play it. You really, truly will not regret it."
76561198320328447,Recommended,554620,34675727,Posted: 1 September,all,fatalX,"Great story telling. If max trying to be nice to everyone and be like superhero, Chloe is just some depressed high school girl, it's a nice story to have, plus we finally see Rachel alive, how she turned from a popular and good at school to a badass girl. I don't have any problem except my controller doesn't work with this game (Logitech F310). Overall the episode 1 is a bit better than how the first game start"
76561198203622063,Recommended,554620,34675883,Posted: 1 September,all,Sir Ballard of Newberg,"WOW! So far in just the first chapter the atmosphere scrams CHLOE! lighting and mood perfect.  Very nice work I felt totally immersed and as an Oregon native felt the senery and wild life was spot on almost felt like I was in Oregon forests. bit of an interface shock, I found the previous game's interface with choice selection specifically to be slightly easier however. Music simultaneously captures both sides chloe! For sure worth the purchase, Loved the pre-order DLC clothing, customization options in player choice games are a must have. (9.7) so far can't wait for the rest of the game!!!"
,Recommended,554620,34657858,Posted: 1 September,all,GRipley,Glad to be back in the world!
,Recommended,554620,34645324,Posted: 31 August,all,DuckOfTheToob,"Life is Strange: Before the Storm ReviewEpisode 1 ReviewAfter playing the originalLife is Strangethe week leading up to the prequel,Before the Storm,coming out I can come to the conclusion thatLife is Strange: Before the Storm,is absolutely 100% a major improvement over the original game. No longer is there thathellaawkward dialouge or lip syncing and in its place is a well rounded story and characters.With the original game you get this sense thatDontnodwas trying to cover its tracks at times and a sense that some things weren't just THAT well fleshed out in places, with alot of questions being left unanswered. With this game you dont get that sense, everything feels alot more fleshed out and planned.This game manages to be on the same level as the original, if better, and still manages to come off as original and have its own twists and turns without feeling predictable or clique~ which says alot about the improvements over the original game & says alot about the prequel aspect. Prequels get a bad rep in that they are usually very bad and there are few cases that prequels actually work. Think of this game as more of aThe Godfather Part 2(if you remove the sequel aspects from that movie) rather than aDumb & Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloydin that it manages to live up to the original.Of course, nothing is perfect and this game undoubtedly has its flaws.Deck Nine, while being faithful to the original and its developers, sometimes comes off as if they are trying to mimic certain aspects which can feel like they are trying too hard sometimes, for example the ""I dont want to go that"" way system has the same style as the original but it clearly doesnt flow the same way and comes off abit janky. Speaking of janky, weirdly, walking up stairs looks super janky randomly. Overall, I didn't mind the change in voice actors/ actresses, I think Chloes does a perfect job as Chloe is younger in this game than in the original which makes the new style the new voice actress went for work perfectly. However, some characters voice actors have been changed and it can be become distracting, which is just a minor gribe of mine.With all that said and took into account, I must give this game an initial grade of 9/10"
76561198153537188,Recommended,554620,34727652,Posted: 3 September,all,San Andreas (Andres),best game
76561198064868750,Recommended,554620,34727489,Posted: 3 September,all,olivedafishie,"This review could possibly be bias since I loved the first Life is Strange, but I did notice a couple of flaws in the first episode.Pros:Great storyDigs deeper into the story of Chloe, one of the most loved characters from Life is StrangeFeatures more of characters that were introduced in the first gameVariety of customizationCons:Not as much interaction in the first episode"
76561198166972466,Recommended,554620,34675684,Posted: 1 September,all,Boosted Ape,It absolutely stands up with the first season. Before the Storm has incredible music and a plethora of new stories that make this game great. An absolute must buy. I want the soundtrack NOW. Extremely excited for the future of the season.
,Recommended,554620,34907223,Posted: 12 September,all,bonkripper78,I give this one a Gay/10
76561198078932522,Recommended,554620,34743200,Posted: 4 September,all,AngryScotsman31,This is an amazing game.Tbh I thought it would just be another sorta crappy story-driven game like the newer TellTale games but it is stunning.10/10
,Recommended,554620,34727132,Posted: 3 September,all,Rusty Shackleford,hella lit fam
,Recommended,554620,34719827,Posted: 3 September,all,w0rmish,"I'm just sweating from my eyes, promise."
76561198090344488,Recommended,554620,34729183,Posted: 4 September,all,Wolfden,This game is the best.
,Recommended,554620,34733996,Posted: 4 September,all,Hodor,Hella can't wait for ep. 2
,Recommended,554620,34733618,Posted: 4 September,all,Snuup dawg,my game crashed. dont know why. please help....
,Recommended,554620,34724834,Posted: 3 September,all,Zerodegrees | Happ Craft,Always good quality.
,Recommended,554620,34725020,Posted: 3 September,all,Overlord L,"Loved this first episode! And really enjoyed the gameplay a bit more than the original game as Max! Can't wait for more, and it's getting really juicy..."
,Recommended,554620,34725056,Posted: 3 September,all,Bronwyn,Just finished the first chapter and it was Great!!   Definitly living up to the original with great story and lots of awesome feels.
,Recommended,554620,34649239,Posted: 31 August,all,StanleYDG,Absolutely a must buy if you enjoyed the original.
,Recommended,554620,34642052,Posted: 31 August,all,Noci,"I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE ITI ♥♥♥♥ING HATE ITIts the already known rollercoaster of emotion with life is strange. I absoulutly loved the episode and hated it.The music is, again, among the best video game music. 10/5The story starts slowly and then explodes like the Hindenburg 1937. Its great.The feels are kicking in again, I feel like crying and laughing and i want to die.And this is just after Episode 1.Cant wait for the next one."
,Recommended,554620,34681191,Posted: 2 September,all,1C3[],Was hoping for some lesbian scenes.... disappointed.The game is awseome tho
,Recommended,554620,34678268,Posted: 2 September,all,[ZSU] Terrah,Hella good to be back
,Recommended,554620,34668344,Posted: 1 September,all,Fox,When you try so hard not to fall in love with the two of them..My heart is hellaaaa
76561198028374360,Recommended,554620,34690727,Posted: 2 September,all,GoldFinger150,"I was a little worried when I found out it was a new developer making a prequel for my favorite game ever, but Deck Nine nailed it. They took everything that made the first one so good and really tried to keep the feel the same. I was also worried that Chloe getting a new voice actress would throw things off but it definitely didn't and the new actress capture's Chloe perfectly. I'm really impressed with the first chapter and can't wait to see what comes next. They're doing an amazing job! This I definitely shaping up to be just as good as the first one!"
,Recommended,554620,34690784,Posted: 2 September,all,three2wan,"This is my first review and I just finished the first episode. The story is ok but for me the gameplay is not. There not much you can do rather than just accept to action your have taken and live with all the consequences. It's good when you just want to chill and play the game.For me, the first Life is Strange is much better than Life is Strange: Before the Storm."
76561198050639399,Recommended,554620,34705656,Posted: 3 September,all,Rick Grimes,No need to play this game to be able to rate this.10/10
,Recommended,554620,34704317,Posted: 2 September,all,Davidcruger,"this game has been just as much of an expieriance as the first, only good game to come out of late, keep up the amazing work deck nine, and enix"
76561198064799739,Recommended,554620,34704328,Posted: 2 September,all,BrowncoatN7,Definitely a worthy addition to the Life is Strange series.
,Recommended,554620,34704655,Posted: 3 September,all,ىέℒᎥℵ६,LiS: Before the Storm - it ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game!!! Me need more episodes ^^
,Recommended,554620,34704396,Posted: 3 September,all,Button Mash (Back to School),"First episode was fantastic. Playing DnD as Chloe was amazing.One thing, though: I can't connect to the Square Enix Servers."
76561198197026725,Recommended,554620,34727780,Posted: 3 September,all,Crystaleveningdragon,"Um, yeah, uh was this game meant to give you feels? Because it game me feels. Also I played the first game and at first I was a Pricefield for life, now I'm totally into Rachal and Chloe... Cannot wait for the next episode. When is it coming out?"
,Recommended,554620,34727930,Posted: 3 September,all,Capslock2000,"In LiS, you could go back in time and draw a butterfly on the Price's fireplace as a young Max. Went to immediatly check on my butterfly before breakfast, and it wasnt there. 0/10, too many continuity errors"
76561198045418299,Recommended,554620,34720716,Posted: 3 September,all,jurihotaro,One of my favorite games!
,Recommended,554620,34747610,Posted: 4 September,all,Sebanisu,So far so good. We only have one episode. We need more.I noticed some voice actor's were changed.
76561198273721449,Recommended,554620,34676210,Posted: 1 September,all,Krisjanis,"What can be better than Life is Strange? Well, Life is Strange, Before the Storm is better than Life is Strange!"
,Recommended,554620,34671068,Posted: 1 September,all,TheCouchEmperor,"Ah, so back in Arcadia Bay. Really great opening to the game. Amazing soundtracks. Great build up even though we kinda know where the story is headed.Now we have to wait for the next episode."
76561198260359088,Recommended,554620,34676267,Posted: 1 September,all,Misterkingdom,"God, I love it so much. I'm so glad I paid for it. I definitely needed so good wlw content and the story's amazing. I'm just sad because I know how Chloe and Rachel's story ends."
,Recommended,554620,34668403,Posted: 1 September,all,TyphoonSignal10,"I came into this prepared for the start of another emotional trainwreck, and up until about halfway through I felt adequately prepared. After that point, I was on the verge of crying for large portions of the remainder of the episode.If you enjoyed Life is Strange, you will enjoy Before the Storm. Bring on the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34668456,Posted: 1 September,all,TheDarkLord,"Best Game Ever! Best Story Ever! There are no words to describe how incredible this game is. A true masterpiece, inspiring, life changing, just like the first one. The only game that had me in tears. Outstading story.  Props to the developers of this game!"
,Recommended,554620,34668444,Posted: 1 September,all,Nova Purple,"I loved this more than th Orginial game. If you loved the Orginial you will enjoy this one aswell. Although if you did not like how si-fi the Orginal game was this one is lacking that feature. Which isnt a feature that is bad for this game. takes a much more realistic way you would do things in life, without having the chance to change what you say."
,Recommended,554620,34683676,Posted: 2 September,all,LoneGreyWolf,Gets you right in the feels.
76561198302528221,Recommended,554620,34667137,Posted: 1 September,all,maidentexas99,"To say that I was excited for the release of this game would be a huge understatement. The moment I heard that the game was on sale and ready for preorder, I instantly went to the page and bought it without a moment's hesitation. After playing Life is Strange Season 1, I had high expectations for this game seeing how it was following the most heart-wrenching game I have ever played. And I can firmly say that it did not disappoint in the slightest. So far we only have one episode of this 3 part story (four if you purchased the deluxe edition with the bonus episode), and already I have felt more compassion for Chloe than I did even during the first game. The best thing about this game to me is that it explores more into Rachel and Chloe's relationship and delves deeper into Chloe as a character. All of this makes the facts of Season 1 all the more painful to think about. I would highly recommend this series to anyone who enjoys story based games, or anyone who wants to get emotionally invested in the characters of this game. This series is, by far, the best that I have ever played and I look forward to what they will be doing with it in the future. To anyone debating on the game, either this one or Season 1, due to the cost for any reason, I can say with the utmost certainty that it is well worth every single cent. ""Happy"" gaming, and remember: This action will have consequences."
76561198140298909,Recommended,554620,34679311,Posted: 2 September,all,I'm just a novice,"I like it,because when you play with fun,U will think about ""I am looking a fantastic movie or playing a RPG game?!"""
,Recommended,554620,34699327,Posted: 2 September,all,Zachary3D,"I get so enthralled and invested, captured by the story, that...I forget Rachel is gone:,(.9/10-""Sometimes people need you, even when they don't show it""."
,Recommended,554620,34677661,Posted: 1 September,all,Porcupine From Sing,"So far, this is an amazing pre-sequel to the first game (Life is Strange). It has the same graphics but that isn't a bad thing at all since these graphics are very cartoonish and simple. This works well with the games atmosphere and area.Now, the story for the time being, is pretty good and is really juicy in information about the main character (Chloe) and her friendship with a girl from the main game who is introduced but differently.The only negative part to me in this pre-quel is the voice actor for Chloe is totally different in this game than in the first Life is Strange game that was released.My initial rating for the game so far would be about 9.6/10"
76561198062443142,Recommended,554620,34961828,Posted: 14 September,all,ClutchyMilk,Its good
,Recommended,554620,34961943,Posted: 14 September,all,Biz,Amazing game. Hope they keep them coming.
,Recommended,554620,34751197,Posted: 5 September,all,Mr. Jefferson,Ready to feelz more
,Recommended,554620,34661910,Posted: 1 September,all,DiiaveL,wonder if i had a girlfriend like Chloe Price
76561198368045974,Recommended,554620,34963347,Posted: 14 September,all,Digory Doo Dingle Berry,"very fun game. although its a different studio making it, they stayed true to the premece of the gameplay so i am extremely pleased with this game."
,Recommended,554620,35003447,Posted: 16 September,all,Jebaited,"deck nine, u did good my nig"
,Recommended,554620,34995196,Posted: 16 September,all,SulaimanWar,Made me cry 10/10
,Recommended,554620,35050545,Posted: 18 September,all,jaspro101,I can't put this in other words... It is just are really good game with a great story!
,Recommended,554620,34644010,Posted: 31 August,all,crumpet,"Having finished episode 1 I would say the game is quite easy to absorb yourself in, I enjoyed it.I didn't enjoy the crashes though. Looks like it doesn't like Big Picture Mode."
76561198079611501,Recommended,554620,34641776,Posted: 31 August,all,Azrael,I bought the game only to tell her we are more than friends. Would buy it again. 5/7
,Recommended,554620,34667877,Posted: 1 September,all,[BA] mpolder,We don't need feels anyway: The Game
,Recommended,554620,34641821,Posted: 31 August,all,why,all aboard another feels train
76561198005355445,Recommended,554620,34641840,Posted: 31 August,all,Snaxes,awsome story 10/10 :D go cloe
,Recommended,554620,34641805,Posted: 31 August,all,Kierzo,Games this good should be illegal.
,Recommended,554620,34701505,Posted: 2 September,all,thainen,"+ Get wasted+ Play pen-and-paper D&D inside a videogame (true nerdception)+ Vandalize stuff+ Openly flirt with a girl, no subtext crap+ Trash-talk as a core mechanic+ Don't really learn anything new you didn't know from LiS, but+ Get to spend more time with Chloe and know her better"
,Recommended,554620,34869619,Posted: 10 September,all,William Wallace,Wasn't sure how i felt about it when i first heard a prequel was coming out. Especially by a different company.However after playing the first episode it's definately a must play for anyone who enjoyed the first game. Also if the second LiS by DontNod isn't related to chloe or max then all the more reason to play.
76561198247207768,Recommended,554620,34652338,Posted: 31 August,all,Valerie,Lol to the people who talked trash about new voice actress for Chloe. She did HELLA of a good job.Oh my review? Just stop reading reviews and buy this game.
76561198160342785,Recommended,554620,34982898,Posted: 15 September,all,Iambarman,"MUST PLAY, in this game you don't have so much freedom of character like in the first game, but still the story is engaging and touching, the background music is perfect, you can feel what the main character feels, and even though you can;t rewind time you have a new power that is funnier,  so basically that's all and I can't wait for the next episode10/10 Perfect just perfect, I just hope that they will make a sequel for the first game instead of going backwards."
76561197990587844,Recommended,554620,34712053,Posted: 3 September,all,von-block,"Oh my God.Wow, they did it, they make me love Chloe and care for her.This was such an amazing first episode.Thank you for making sucj a great game."
,Recommended,554620,34712127,Posted: 3 September,all,Lanier-Senpai,"Wow! Great game, cant stand Chloe but still good. RECOMMEND!"
76561198079325765,Recommended,554620,34712187,Posted: 3 September,all,Sk8FstEatAss,"I miss Ashly Burch voicing Chloe, but other than that this is more than up to par, and I would say better due to its lack of the rewind mechanic. It makes your choices feel more concrete. Ultimately this is a worthy prequel if I've ever seen one, and now I actually understand why Chloe liked Rachel, even though she seems maipulative in episode one."
76561198023507159,Recommended,554620,34911836,Posted: 12 September,all,the.grognard,Life is a box of drama and Chloe Price likes to savor each and every bite.
,Recommended,554620,34712019,Posted: 3 September,all,Chance The Rapist,"Amazing game, I Played the first one and this ties into it perfectly. I feel like it is basically a big fan service/fan fiction, but thats what makes it good. The writing is amazing, and the VA's are amazing too. I can't tell you a single thing wrong with it."
76561198311621599,Recommended,554620,34712439,Posted: 3 September,all,PhunkDaddyFlex,Every thing I Did in this Game was edgY
,Recommended,554620,34912160,Posted: 12 September,all,NuChallenger,"For fans of the first game, you will like this prequal. If you haven't played the original Life is Strange, it will be difficult to fully enjoy the narrative. Beautiful art style and good soundtrack."
,Recommended,554620,34913134,Posted: 12 September,all,Miyazaki-chan-sensei-kun,p gud my boigotta saylit stuff my homie keep it up dog
,Recommended,554620,34913523,Posted: 12 September,all,Pokemon da Laje,"I was one of the guys that was really skeptical about this game, because when i played the first one, i really thought the game wasnt made to have a prequel, that Rachel was like that character you build by searching for little pieces by pieces, just like a mythological personality, well, i was wrong.There are few story driving game that has a really good episode 1, the first episode has some foreshadowing with the first game, great dialogue and some really powerfull moments that you would expect to have in a late episode.We all know how Rachel/Chloe story is going to end but the guys at Deck9 took a different route in this game, developing the characters and showing how they got through their struggles, Rachel specially because we didnt have any information about her past, and of course, how Chloe deals with her issues, some insights in how Max was a real douchbag and seeing some returning characters.Base on only episode 1, it has a really promising start, it was a really good episode 1 and Deck9 has a really a real challenge in the next episodes but they prove themselfs in the first episode, the only thing that was weak was the relation between the musics and the scenes, they were not a par with the first game but they can always get this part better in the next one, it was something really unique and iconic in the first one but in general, great start."
76561198271663041,Recommended,554620,34711922,Posted: 3 September,all,TheRealBacon,"**Will update review as i play the other episodes** Hella good, brought the delux edition the day it came out but my internets slow so couldnt play it till late and i had work but yeah... Hella Good! Also anyone know when i get too play the bonus episode farewell is it after all the others? and how do i get on mixtape mode? thanks"
76561198095641638,Recommended,554620,34712454,Posted: 3 September,all,Callamastia,10/10 Great game!
,Recommended,554620,34649644,Posted: 31 August,all,Max Paderfield,"Graphics quality: low, medium, high, hella high10/10 GOTY"
76561198134812381,Recommended,554620,35132707,Posted: 22 September,all,Ant the Ace,NOT AS GOOD AS FRIST SO FAR BUT AMAZING FIRST LIFE IS STRANGE GOT 20/10 THIS ONE GETS 10/10
76561198227350308,Recommended,554620,35173863,Posted: 24 September,all,FAKEJEEP,so gud
76561198089801510,Recommended,554620,34742075,Posted: 4 September,all,islamctearr,Lesbians are dramatic. 10/10 for accuracy.
76561198166931640,Recommended,554620,35187274,Posted: 24 September,all,Sagejoker,I'm loving the game
76561198139917916,Recommended,554620,35192009,Posted: 24 September,all,awehnhu,I absolutely loved this game and would reccomend it to anyone
76561198029414606,Recommended,554620,34773035,Posted: 6 September,all,CrazyAngel,Amazing game. I would recomand it - especially if you have played the first game
,Recommended,554620,34647990,Posted: 31 August,all,angelgtaxd12,A nostalgic adventure just as the first game brought us 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34877228,Posted: 10 September,all,MonkeyDance,"Just finished the first episode and I gotta say it felt great. The only complaint I have is that it ended too quickly. Chloe didn't fail to surprise me in many occassions and to have me interested in the game. To be honest, I didn't think this'd be interesting without some supernatural stuff but it was really good. Now that I'm done, I really wished there were more episodes or lengthier episodes.We knew this was going to revolve around Chloe and Rachel but I didn't feel the events that leads to these guys being BFFs were justified. It was too quick but then again, Chloe is a hotshot. However, Rachel being the Rachel that everyone so admires felt totally reckless. I just wish there were more development that leads to the stuff happening at the end of the episode.Make no mistake—if you loved Life is Strange, you're gonna love this. You're gonna be hella happy playing as Miss. Badass AKA Chloe Price and if you're like me and likes to observe and loiter around the game to find out all possible interactions, you will be overjoyed to know the kinda creativity Chloe has, the small things that make up Chloe's life. You need to loiter around, explore and capture every tiny detail in this game to be satisfied. If you didn't like LIS, you wouldn't like this either. I'm happy I discovered this series and I'm really happy to have explored the life of Chloe Price. Looking forward to lots more."
,Recommended,554620,35151010,Posted: 23 September,all,Gooch Butter,My favourite kind of edgy gay teen drama with a hint of supernatural shimmer is back and is better than ever.
,Recommended,554620,35151307,Posted: 23 September,all,ꟻoẋⱻȵ,"Brought back the same exact feeling as the first game.I assume most people know what life is strange is by this point, and most of you know if you will like it or not.this game, like its predecessor, has a unique feel that sucks you in and captivates you. nothing *quite* like it out there.100% reccomended."
76561198098745773,Recommended,554620,34686425,Posted: 2 September,all,applenextway,"Awesome game!Original Life is Strange was the only game, that brought real feelings to me. At first I doubted the prequel could do the same - but the game proved me wrong.During game you feel sorry for the characters, and for what they are going through. The feelings were so intense, that I even started to cry in the ending - and it is just the first episode...There is no time travel in the game - and it adds additional weight to your choices. On the most important choices I was even thinking for minutes!The episodes are larger that in the first game: it took like 5 hours to complete the first episode with all graffities.A must-play game, just like the original!"
,Recommended,554620,34640837,Posted: 31 August,all,Gregg rulz ok?,"This game is HELLA awesome, The writing is amazing and has emotion! Its great.And unlike other games *Cough cough* Walking dead new frontier *Cough cough* The chapters last more than 30 minutes!"
76561198028156512,Recommended,554620,34686532,Posted: 2 September,all,Bystalex,"A great way to make a grown man cry, again. 10/10 would cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ again."
76561198287797285,Recommended,554620,34686161,Posted: 2 September,all,Ramsay Bolton,Outstanding!!!Make me cry again plssss.
,Recommended,554620,34724011,Posted: 3 September,all,21BlackJack,"Considering this game only has one chapter so far, this review will be limited and updated upon the release of the last episode. Until then, this is what I think of this game.This felt like an enjoyable slice-of-life game. The characters were engaging and the story is solid, but the dialogue can get very awkward and clunky, with sudden changes in vocal tone due to what the ""right"" choice is for the conversation and what the other choices are. The animation seems to me just like the original LiS game, and it's still great.Overall, it's a good game so far, and I definitely recommend it to anyone who liked the first game."
,Recommended,554620,34724162,Posted: 3 September,all,Eldark,"Hooked. Again! Good job Deck Nine, you nailed it!"
,Recommended,554620,34724295,Posted: 3 September,all,Xzenor,"- 1st episodeI expected this to to be a lot worse than the original ""Life is strange"". After all, they couldn't pull the time reversal trick in a prequel because it was all new to Max and Cloe back then , so what other trick is there this time?Well there isn't realy one. Cloe can foul-mouth people and win arguments that way but that's not really a big deal. Don't get me wrong, it's fun that it's there but it's not as big a deal as the time thing. Far from it..So, is it worse? Hell no! I loved it! It really feels familiar. Cloe has an awesome sick sense of humor in a few scenes and I totally love that. Rachel too btw. Next to that the game comes with an awesome story (so far), some well played emotions, great acting, great voice-overs. and so on.. The actor for Cloe is not the same as the one from the original game but you don't even notice that.  She's a little different but she's younger here so it actually fits perfectly.It's also built by a completely different studio and you don't even notice that either. Arcadya Bay looks and feels the same as in the original Life is Strange.Get this game. So far, it's been really worth it.I'll update once I played episode 2 (and I can't wait!)."
76561198072733692,Recommended,554620,34685803,Posted: 2 September,all,Moarfiend,"Does not disappoint. If you loved the first game, there's no reason not to pick this up."
,Recommended,554620,34686435,Posted: 2 September,all,xXxKiritoLordxXx,"When something manages to separate itself and make itself unique, you know there is something special.When life is strange first came out it captured our hearts from the first episode. Every emotion. We felt it.Now that Life Is Strange: Before the storm is here from the very first episode the sensations come rolling back to.As I have just completed the first episode. When it ended a wave of emotions just washed over me tingling through my body.No game has ever captured my heart as much as Life Is Strange.The Emotions. The Drama. The Action.It's worth it."
,Recommended,554620,34943280,Posted: 13 September,all,^__^,"What a perfect game. Plays with your hearth like a toy. Dear hearth, wake up. Storyline and everything is Perfect++. The only problem with the game is minor bugs with the gameplay and character movement so far. I also didn't like the paper textured peoples in the background or the 2d skybox, Seriously please fix this in next episodes, We're in 2017, 2D Skybox and objects in 3D world is for 1993 (Doom 1).*** PLEASE FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥NINE ***"
76561198041029269,Recommended,554620,34946662,Posted: 14 September,all,Zant,"This new storyline is hella good. Like, buy this game now, shaka brah!But real talk, as someone who loves the original, I am so pleased with this installment. Some people have expressed greivances with regards to Chloe's new VA, but to be honest, I didn't even notice the difference until I read about it. Honestly, I hear it as an ever-so-slightly less edgy Chloe. She's still figuring out how she fits in her world.As far as game mechanics are concerned, everything remains pretty much the same. Now, instead of mousing around to issue Look or Speak (etc) commands, you simply press WASD accordingly. Minor change, but took about a half hour to get used to. I find that the scene layouts themselves are a lot more movement-friendly as well; the first game had a lot of thin corridors and uncomfortable rooms to walk around in, whereas here the environments are more open and non-invasive. Chloe also runs a tad faster. During dialogues, you might come to expect some verbally polarizing options... there are, just not verbally. Chloe is still rather savage and unpredictable regardless of your chosen dialogues, but I find that the results are far more rewarding than Max's predictable, introverted nature. It strikes a contrast to my own personal nature, which definitely increases the satisfaction for me in being able to somewhat experience it. Consequential choices have a much more defined impact on the story this time around. It's pretty clear to me what I've done to trigger what's currently going on. Whether or not you prefer transparency or enigmatic tendencies is up to you. Lastly, the rewind mechanic is replaced by what's called ""backtalking"". It's a neat little dialogue puzzle in which you attempt to outwit your opponent into achieving your intended result - there's a little bar to indicate whether you're fumbling or succeeding. I enjoyed it a lot especially as someone who isn't great at coming up with comebacks on the fly, so it was kind of a cathartic thing to be able to absolutely wreck some bullies.Most of the original's core interface is back as well, you have the journal (this time written in Chloe's rebellious hand toward Max, who will never read it), collectibles (except now they're graffiti instead of photographs) and the text messages from other characters. I HIGHLY recommend you go back and read all the old texts Chloe has exchanged prior to the game. It gives you a load of insight as to what time period this is taking place in (and really pay attention to those dates/times!).Now, onto writing and story. I loved playing as Chloe. She's much more expressive, and her inner monologues are less cringeworthy and more amusing. Her relationships with other characters seem fairly realistic within the context of the story and not a lot is left up to assumption, as you're keenly aware of her social inclinations. She doesn't take♥♥♥♥♥♥from people, she hates David, she makes her opinions known, e.t.c. By far my favorite (and apparently many others') interaction is playing D&D on the school grounds. That's the most I'll say on the subject... but yet again, this story is chock-full of nerdy nods and inside jokes I couldn't get enough of. Now the caveat to it all in my opinion, is Rachel Amber herself. Naturally, she takes the supporting role of the story, so you know you're gonna see a lot of her. I didn't dislike her by any means but I felt as though the tremendous buildup to what she could have possibly been for Chloe from the first game was a bit of a let-down. She's as I'd expected her to be. What I did like a lot however was the multiple ways her character challenged Chloe and really puts you in the actual position of trying to make a friend, along with all of its trials and tribulations.Lastly, I want to address the technical side of things. The graphics are pretty much the same as the first game, very stylized and blurred. A lot of people expected a grandiose overhaul but I'm actually glad it's the same... it wouldn't feel right in my opinion. Facial recognition is still somewhat spotty, but I definitely notice an improvement in the way mouths form words... the first game had people moving their lips aimlessly whilst sound came out whereas here, all the mannerisms are accurate. As far as they could manage, anyway. Body movement is similar, but I notice a lot less 'forced' movements to mimic reality; people don't hold out their hands and move them while they explain something. Here it feels a lot more natural. The audio this time around is cleaner too. Voices carry appropriately with the environment so you have echoes or muted tones where they should be. The soundtrack itself is fantastic too, although it doesn't come close to the original's. There's a bit of punk rock as you'd expect mingled between the country tracks.Overall, to me, this was a worthy purchase. If you loved the first, you'll probably love this. You get all three episodes when you purchase either the base version or the deluxe version, and they don't intend to release episodes separately either. The pricetag however does come across as rather high at the moment, and unless you really have an itch to jump back into Arcadia Bay, you might want to hold off until it takes a slight dip or goes on sale. As always, these games aren't a question of 'value for money' or hours per dollar, it's an experience akin to seeing an expensive movie in theaters - so don't judge the game by the amount of hours played by reviewers, judge it by your desire to undergo that experience. The deluxe edition is something I would highly warn against buying (FOR NOW) unless you're absolutely enamored with the Life is Strange scene. I don't regret it myself, but honestly what you get for it right now prior to the release of the ""Farewell"" bonus chapter is highly minimal compared to the cost. You get the ""mixtape mode"" which essentially plays a looped scene of Chloe chilling on her bed listening to a playlist of in-game tracks that you can play in whatever order you choose. Cute, but nothing more. You also get some bonus outfits that Chloe has the option of switching to at will during the second scene in her room. By default you have a few choices already, and of the three you get, I only think one of them is notable as it's a nod to her Life is Strange getup. Something worth mentioning:You can get a shirt during the first scene that has an impact on future interactions, so if you want to see them you'll opt out of wearing the DLC shirts during episode one anyway. If you're only interested in the deluxe version for the bonus episode, I'd urge you to buy it separately when it comes out since the bundle's 8% discount is negligible.Final verdict: see first line."
76561198171228507,Recommended,554620,34661908,Posted: 1 September,all,Bibss,"Such a great and emotional game, being a person that played the first one, it is really good to have all the memories of the events that occurred in the first game. I didn't find anything wrong with the game and I really like the new ""arguing"" mechanics."
,Recommended,554620,34662136,Posted: 1 September,all,domestofobia,"I absolutely love this game. The only bad thing i can say about it is that controllers arent really working, but i think it'll be fixed soon."
,Recommended,554620,34662307,Posted: 1 September,all,Duckie,"It's really a NICE game! I love it!Although there's no Max around using her amazing ability to rewind time, which is so impressive that I wish I could do the same, it's also enchanting to watch Chloe walking around, debating with others and drawing graffiti. I love the graffiti! And Nathan seems not so aggressive in this story. This game has perfect dialogues and abundant flashbacks, which shows the entire both the inside and outside world of Chloe. And that helps telling a good story and making wonderful plots.I can't wait to see the next episode!"
,Recommended,554620,35373002,Posted: 1 October,all,Acevelyn,10/10 would scare the squirrels
,Recommended,554620,35397118,Posted: 1 October,all,PanicInTheToilet,"Athmospheric, awesome OST and not at all to hide beyond the first part. I'd say it's more challenging and thus more fun, because you cannot easily rewind descisions. It's a feel good game. Perfect for some rainy afternoon. Sit back, relay, enjoy. Recommended."
,Recommended,554620,34745367,Posted: 4 September,all,Sir BuzBit,So far so good and what you would expect from a game like this. I have enjoyed the storyline and the pacing is good. I can't wait for the second episode to drop
76561198144478006,Recommended,554620,34746030,Posted: 4 September,all,Ahyoka Maiyun❤,"Honestly the first episode has me shook. The soundtrack is amazing and Chole's story really gets you emotionally in a good way, because you get so into the story! Also the art is great and I can't wait for the rest of the season! Wow, I'm definitely going to play ep 1 a few more times. :,))"
76561198338085208,Recommended,554620,34944428,Posted: 14 September,all,rip doto,<3<3<3<3<3<3
76561198145010496,Recommended,554620,34745986,Posted: 4 September,all,InfiniteLoop_17,I have played the first game and liked it a lot and this one is good too ! I like the fact that we learn more about Chloe and how she cope with everything that happened to her !!
76561198048993881,Recommended,554620,34944080,Posted: 14 September,all,RudeGerbil,"If you enjoyed or loved ""Life is Strange,"" then you will likely feel the same about this game! Even without DONTNOD, this game still has the same great feeling as the original game, and Deck Nine did a great job making Arcadia Bay still fun to explore. The soundtrack is also great, as well as the voice acting. I highly recommend this game! Edit: fixed a spelling error."
76561198396522106,Recommended,554620,34945088,Posted: 14 September,all,Silverain,fantastic game with a good story.
,Recommended,554620,34662017,Posted: 1 September,all,Froschian,Just awesome for Life is Strange fans
,Recommended,554620,34745598,Posted: 4 September,all,evil_metal_copter,"Hella good game!!! :)Only played the first episode yet, but it was amazing!"
76561198001401689,Recommended,554620,34949904,Posted: 14 September,all,[AGS] Vindiction,right.. in.. the FEELS
,Recommended,554620,35428445,Posted: 2 October,all,Darth Waffles,"I was inicially a bit sceptical about having another Life is Strange game, since the first game was really amazing I thought that this one might be a very bad copy/ too similar to the original game. Instead, this game has a fresh feeling. Playing for Chloe is a completly different experience to playing for Max. You can certainly tell that a lot of thought was put into making Chloe stand out on her own as the main character. I like the way she interacts with the environment ( similar to Max with her thoughs), the backtalk challenge is interesting and gives Chloe a 'superpower', but her own individual one that is not similar to Max, which I like. The game mechanics have also improved a lot, now you can just press the wasd keys for interacting with objects, rather than in the original where you had to drag your mouse to the interaction ( and this on my pc was a bit ackward) .  Also Chloe gives me such feels! Very well written character! The relationship is also explored in a very interesting way between Chloe and Rachel. Original. Overall 10/10"
,Recommended,554620,35430269,Posted: 2 October,all,Yin,great game
,Recommended,554620,35437728,Posted: 2 October,all,William Xu,"Absolutely love this game and their story, wish the second episode would come soon.and Rachel is absolutely very charming.And....what does the writer mean by ""We are more than friendship?"" Oh, I guess that's the reason Max kissed Chloe, right?"
,Recommended,554620,35430823,Posted: 2 October,all,Not a Smurf. Not a Hacker.,"I mean... what can I say. Gameplay is odd, not beeing able to turn the mouse acceleration off is kinda annoying. But other then that... the game is amazing. YOU MUST HAVE PLAYED THE PREVIOUS TITLE. don't buy this if you haven't played the original life is strange. I don't  want to spoil anything but man... I GUARANTEE you that i've never felt this attached to a video game before. You will fall in love, be mad, be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, be teared appart by your choices. You will feel Chloe's inside pain like if it was your own. You will feel her joy and her sadness. If you can't get immersed into a game, this is not for you. But if you can... ho man. you'il cry like a lil ♥♥♥♥♥ from the inside."
,Recommended,554620,34873339,Posted: 10 September,all,CHLOEPRICE4EVER hellcase.com,ENDING IS SO AWESOME <3 #GO4RACHEL
,Recommended,554620,34874475,Posted: 10 September,all,wolfheart303,"Playing through Episode One was like being stabbed in the heart with a million rusty pitchforks covered in honey. I laughed, I cried (multiple times), and I'm dying to see what comes of all of my terrible decisions.10/10, would have my heart trampled on again"
,Recommended,554620,34667748,Posted: 1 September,all,icysch,They had me at hella.
,Recommended,554620,34699150,Posted: 2 September,all,NHK,GOTY 10/10
76561198398469355,Recommended,554620,34701306,Posted: 2 September,all,my mans,hella good
,Recommended,554620,34699295,Posted: 2 September,all,BigMemeTyrone,verty good
76561198182362837,Recommended,554620,34642077,Posted: 31 August,all,Kaito0712,People keep talking smack about this game but its so good the choises really matter the gaphs are hella good and I cryed 5 times this episode this is the best it was worth the 3 year wait
76561198126470624,Recommended,554620,35260402,Posted: 28 September,all,PurpleBaron2,Why Max..WHY!!!!!
,Recommended,554620,35267782,Posted: 28 September,all,Lemonade-Raid,"It's pretty fantastic, better than I expected so far. Still retains aspects of what made the original great while adding in some new mechanics and sides to characters we haven't seen before. Can't wait for episode 2!!"
,Recommended,554620,35276767,Posted: 28 September,all,Cruzz,Amazing. ^=^
76561198236470300,Recommended,554620,35270521,Posted: 28 September,all,mikeqiu2015,No games came without good music
76561198073875384,Recommended,554620,35274908,Posted: 28 September,all,October,Chloe is a badass.Nuff said.
76561197983373520,Recommended,554620,35275309,Posted: 28 September,all,ManRammer,"I can stronkly recommend this game with all my heart. It just continues the masterpiece saga of being a teenager, exploding with feelings, everything is so new and just crash and burn ♥♥♥♥ you to the world!"
,Recommended,554620,35311122,Posted: 29 September,all,Aaronix,"Life is Strange: Before the Storm has 3 episodes, unlike Life is Strange, which had 5. That be bad for some, but quality over quantity, my friends. And in this case, there is so much more quality. Life is Strange wasn't even bad, in fact it was amazing. Before the Storm is still so much better than it though. I will write reviews for the episodes as they come out.Episode 1 - This episode was awesome. In this episode, you play as Chloe, before Max returned, and even before she met Rachel, and, no spoilers, but the ending was probably one of the best in any game ever. I really liked the new mechanic that is the word battles (or whatever they're called). They really fit Chloe's personality and is actually quite fun to do, especially since they aren't all forced (except for the 'tutorial' one) so you don't have to do them if you want to be nice to everyone for some reason."
,Recommended,554620,34692275,Posted: 2 September,all,JäGeR,Deck Nine delivers.
76561198057989699,Recommended,554620,34696111,Posted: 2 September,all,><,goty 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34695943,Posted: 2 September,all,Majkl,Just as good as the first one. Simply hella awesome!
,Recommended,554620,34696106,Posted: 2 September,all,ucantbcereal,Once again amazing
,Not Recommended,554620,35101789,Posted: 21 September,all,xojasberry,"I loved the first game, and I was super excited when they announced that they were gonna make a second one, but to be honest, I'm pretty underwhelmed and annoyed with the second game after having played the first episode.Chloe is a bi*ch -- sorry not sorry to say -- she treats everyone like shi* and is extremely annoying, overall. The dialogues are boring and uncreative, the flirting is cheesy, and the story doesn't grab me at all so far.Plus, the game is misandrist as f***. I'm usually all for female-empowering games, but this is just too much. Every single male character in this game is displayed as some kind of d-bag, with the rare exception of Eliot. I don't know, I'm not here for it. It's off-putting. I get that they're probably trying to emphasize Chloe's issues with men, but... eh. Can we not overexaggerate as much?I'm still willing to give this game a fair chance, and I'm definitely going to play the remaining episodes, but so far I'm not impressed. I'm kind of disappointed."
,Recommended,554620,34640581,Posted: 31 August,all,Schrödingers Katze ツ,Hella YAS!
76561198069593129,Recommended,554620,34648476,Posted: 31 August,all,SSG Caboose,This game is the best thing iv played in months maybe Years! Its brilliant and funny as all hell.
,Recommended,554620,34831281,Posted: 9 September,all,radda,This is the bare definition of Art.
,Recommended,554620,34755364,Posted: 5 September,all,RhinoSnossy1,I just finished episode one and already I'm so in love with itI really do recommend this game and I cannot wait for the next episode to come out!
,Recommended,554620,34762760,Posted: 5 September,all,Ashbr1ng3r,BTS had big shoes to fill after how good the original LIS turned. Exceeded expectations. Can't wait to see where the story takes me in the coming episodes.
,Recommended,554620,34754645,Posted: 5 September,all,vincentalim,Can't wait for the next episode!
76561198180941875,Recommended,554620,34706424,Posted: 3 September,all,Lifeistrange,only One EPISODE?how about the another EPISODE?
76561198166724830,Recommended,554620,34745030,Posted: 4 September,all,[BHVN] Alexander,Can't wait for the next episode!
,Recommended,554620,34702221,Posted: 2 September,all,Little Penguin,Finished the first episode in ~2 hours. When is Episode 2 coming out...
76561198133489650,Recommended,554620,34727854,Posted: 3 September,all,Glyza,This game is amazing! Loved the original game and this one is just as amazing too and provides so much background to the first game! Can't wait for episodes 2 and 3!
,Recommended,554620,34648425,Posted: 31 August,all,Toxic Rick,Who these developers think they are to destroy my mind and my emotions that way on the FREAKING FIRST EPISODE!!!Can't wait for the second episode.I already know that I will not be able to live after this game finale.1000/10 would get mindblowed and heart shattered again!
76561198048539237,Recommended,554620,34743526,Posted: 4 September,all,Thorm,"In my opinion, LiS Before the Storm's at least as good as Life is Strange. Buy the game. Play the game."
76561198043898440,Recommended,554620,34743898,Posted: 4 September,all,jerryvee93,"Great game, worth the price."
,Recommended,554620,34743581,Posted: 4 September,all,Mr. Napkins,It is so good. ARCADIA GAAAAAAAAAYS!!!
,Recommended,554620,34716625,Posted: 3 September,all,Timbo,I eat a pizza i sweated and i cried. It's the best game ever.
76561197961520246,Recommended,554620,34767484,Posted: 5 September,all,Ted from Best Buy,Is it as good as the original? No. I miss the original voice actors and that alone is enough to ruin the first 20 minutes of the game. Is it worth the playthrough? Absolutely. It's still great. Can't wait for the next episode and especially excited about the special Max episode.
,Recommended,554620,34735817,Posted: 4 September,all,✪ Fake,12/10!!!!One of the best games!!!
76561198240944924,Recommended,554620,34769774,Posted: 5 September,all,try hard,as a long time fan of the game my honest opion is that it wasent half bad worth the money 9/10
,Recommended,554620,34643837,Posted: 31 August,all,◇ start//end ◇,BUY IT! NOW!
,Recommended,554620,34725081,Posted: 3 September,all,BlackBrave8,"Yesss, this is what I dreamed of. I was so worried that they would screw this one up but so far it is looking amazing!!"
76561197980048530,Recommended,554620,34725114,Posted: 3 September,all,pheonixfire225,"Life Is Strange is Back!!  and off to a Hella good startDeck Nine/SQUARE did a wonderful job bringing us back to Arcadia bay,and providing some answers to the questions: Who is Rachel Amber and what is she likethey also do an excellent job adding some dimension to Chloe, especially with her inner monologueand draw you in with the weirdness going on within Arcadia Bayplus there's a D&D mini game"
,Recommended,554620,34792038,Posted: 7 September,all,GLAZ,THIS IS AWESOME GAME IF YOU HAVE PLAYED LIFE IS STRANGE YOU MAY NOT HAVE CRIED OVER RACHEL AMBERS SITUATION BUT PLAYING THIS GAME AND KNOWING RACHEL AMBER IS WHAT GOING MAKE YOU CRY.
,Recommended,554620,34761498,Posted: 5 September,all,Paint A Goat On The Moon,"As only the first episode was released for this game, it should be noted my opinion may change with the release of episodes 2 and 3. I really loved the first game, and honestly, this one is no different. now for anyone who may not know, you played as Max in the first game and you had a time travel mechanic allowing you to redo your actions to progress the story, Max makes friends with Chloe, who is the main character of this game and has no time travel abilities. Many people have voiced concerns that the mechanic used instead in this game is less intresting. In this game you ""argue"" with people to get you to do what you want, but its basically impossible to lose and there isn't any real puzzle solving like the first game. after finishing the first episode, I agree with that argument, I only used that ability maybe 3 times, where as in the first game you are constantly reversing time. the dialog used in these arguments feel oddly out of place, and the word ""Hella"" (which was used by characters in the first game) feels forced into conversation as a sort of fan service.But all of this is not to say this game is bad, or that you shouldn't buy it, I just recommend playing the first game before playing this one. In fact I would argue that you SHOULD buy this game, despite the clunky minigame style game mechanics, the story behind this game sheds light on topics of the first game and  allows the player to see the emotional trauma and pain that plays a factor in Chloe's character during the first game. anyone who plays the first game sees Chloe and how she is dealing withthe disappearance of Rachel, who you later find out to be dead.Chloe clearly is not sad but angry, and this game does a wonderful job of showing the extent of Chloes flawed home life, loss of her father, and the hatred she has for the new boyfriend her mother begins to date. This game is a chance to see what was going on with Chloe that caused her to be the way she is in the first game.tldr:-poorly implemented game mechanic-sometimes awkard dialog+great voice acting+wonderful sound track+allows Player to get some more backround on the first game+beutiful art style, lots of screenshot worthy scenes"
,Recommended,554620,34758120,Posted: 5 September,all,lone wolf,"overwhelming, beautiful game"
76561198299532017,Recommended,554620,34796461,Posted: 7 September,all,[Ace] Max,Its a prequel to Life is Strange and it was done by the original creators of the game....need I say more?:LIS_butterfly:
76561198018573406,Recommended,554620,34739391,Posted: 4 September,all,Hylf,The story so far is great and really powerfull! Can't wait for Episode 2!10/10
76561198346853482,Recommended,554620,34844739,Posted: 9 September,all,aruba25,please please make this for mac
,Recommended,554620,34800151,Posted: 7 September,all,DigBick,"i'm 16 and still cringe.But I endured the cringe and overcame all the emotional obsacles that stood in my way, just to find out that I am not prepared for another wave of tears.We all know that it will hurt in the end, and that no matter how hard we try holding back our tears, they will still pour down our cheeks like the niagara falls... But even then I know... That none of you playing this game will ever regret it."
,Recommended,554620,34672137,Posted: 1 September,all,Tofi,Yes
,Recommended,554620,34645340,Posted: 31 August,all,DaddyRection,"I've never written a review before. I feel that this game deserves it.I can't think of a time where a game has captured a character in such a way that I fall in love with them. That was until Rachel Amber appeared on the scene.She is complex, intelligent, aggressive, beautiful and most of all she has taken an interest in Chloe Price; the fatherless and depressed girl we know from the original LiS Episodes.Rachel is portrayed in such a way that you are allowed to build the character for yourself, much like you can with every character in the game. You are never forced to feel or judge a person in a specific way, it is all for you to work out. I like that freedom and it is rare to find a game that allows the player to interact with their characters in such an intimate way.The story pacing is good and you will not find a moment where you feel bored. The game continually finds new things for you to do and people to interact to. There are certain cliffhanger moments and shocking discoveries that you will find are quite heart-wrenching and sometimes will capture emotions you might have thought impossible in a video game.The sound design and graphics are as unique and catered to the series as they were in the original LiS. But the move to Unity has allowed the game to be pushed even further in terms of scope and graphical fidelity. The textures are of course muddy at times but it has its gorgeous moments too, especially in scenes where there are alot of Godrays in the shot. This game is not meant to win any graphical awards, but the music choices in the game are as good as the first, if not better. There are alot of acoustic pieces and some rock songs, most of which are curated by Daughter (check them out they are pretty good!). Chloes new voice actor was chosen and specifically trained by Ashley Burch so don't be surprised to hear that she sounds absolutely fine. Chloe sounds exactly as she should and the emotion portrayed is fantastic and definitely on par with Ashleys performance in the first game.Characters return and they are all as you would expect them to appear; albeit slightly younger in appearance and I look forward to seeing how they are shown in the next episode.In short, if you enjoyed the first game or have even the slightest bit of interest in a storytelling masterpiece that will keep you entertained and potentially play with your emotions somewhat, buy this game. You will NOT regret your purchase."
,Recommended,554620,34865528,Posted: 10 September,all,evpawluk,yes best
,Recommended,554620,34655257,Posted: 1 September,all,Spark (HUNT),O_O
,Recommended,554620,34744788,Posted: 4 September,all,damien5700,"Intriguing look into LIS biggest plothole.  Music is spectacular, graphics are charming(not perfect mind you) and the choices are actually kind of tough.  Does not feel like a step down compared to Dotnod like so many franchises(Halo 4, Gears of War 4, Batman Origins etc) which is a nice suprise.  Go for the deluxe version if possible."
76561198019202386,Recommended,554620,34894992,Posted: 11 September,all,Immortal (420) Booty-Wizard,"""Rachel Amber Is Strange: Befoar the Max"" is a nice game about a Rachel Amber-cult in rural America that praises a living god named Rachel Amber. It is very important for the people in this Rachel Amber-cult that everything they say or do is is approved by the mysterious godly being that is Rachel Amber.The game starts off with Rachel Amber taking a troubled young teenage girl under her angel wings to show her the meaning of the Life that is strange.I am giving this game 7 Rachel Ambers out of 10 Rachel Ambers.This game is prety cool. But if it wanted to be perfect it should mention Rachel Amber a little but moar."
,Recommended,554620,34752933,Posted: 5 September,all,Double D,"Yes... this game:is made by a new developer, Deck 9has little help from DONTNOD on the storyhas almost no original voice actors from LiScould flop because Deck 9 has never made a game like this.tells a story about characters whose fate is already known to usBut you know what? Even after playing just the first episode, I already know Deck 9 has surpassed everyones expectations on this game.Deck 9 did a stunning job on bringing back the original setting of Arcadia Bay, making it feel almost nostalgic to see. The story Deck 9 wrote for this makes you wonder how much influence DONTNOD had on this prequel. Aside from sometimes the cringey teenager stuff people say, the story is just as intense and fluffy as the first game.Yes, many voice actors could not return to play their parts in the game due to a union strike, but Deck 9 did an amazing job on finding great subs for a majority of characters. The only ones that bug me is Frank and David, but they are not too bad. Rhianna DeVries did super well for voicing a young Chloe, Ashly Bursh even reappeared to help with the story and help Rhianna with Chloe's personality.Bringing the unknown character of Life is Strange, Rachel Amber, into a game was probably the toughest thing for Deck 9. There was a lot of room for Deck 9 to experiment to bring Rachel's story to us, and the took an interesting and fluffy way of doing it. Even the toughest ""pricefield"" fans will rethink that relationship and actually see who Chloe Price and Rachel Amber was when they were together.Not only this, but Before the Storm completely made me change my view on the ending of Life is Strange.I chose the Bay ending, and I was always 100% with it. I would always say, ""No! You can't let those people in Arcadia Bay die!"", but after seeing how absolutely destoryed Chloe is in Before the Storm, I have to go the Bae route. Saving Chloe seems like the correct way of ending LiS, because you feel like she deserves everything after seeing how rough her life is.BtS made me totally rethink the way I played the original game, which says a lot.ARE YOU SCEPTICAL OF BTS? IF SO, BITE THE BULLET AND PURCHASE THE GAMESeriously, it is 100% worth it. Deck 9 did a wonderful job with the first episode and I have nothing but excitement for rest of Before the Storm!"
76561198026326082,Recommended,554620,34850551,Posted: 9 September,all,AJS963,"I laughed, I cried, it moved me bob!10/10 <3 life is strange"
,Recommended,554620,34918481,Posted: 13 September,all,tieriarex,"i never prepared for the feels, and it made me shed a manly tears, again."
,Recommended,554620,35160888,Posted: 23 September,all,Apagando Las Luces,"Beautiful story as always, can't wait for nnext episodes!"
76561198093034684,Recommended,554620,34686539,Posted: 2 September,all,Nayster90,"I just bought the game and oh my god i honestly thought it wuld be good but not this good. I didnt think this game would make me tear up but it did, the next step is full blown crying . Would 100% recomend this game in a heartbeat"
,Recommended,554620,34723825,Posted: 3 September,all,Faisal,.
,Recommended,554620,34744547,Posted: 4 September,all,Picloc,"Making this short and sweet, amazing! What a come back, ok brought a few tears to the eyes. Cannot wait for Episode 2... and 3!"
76561198158506824,Recommended,554620,34662018,Posted: 1 September,all,I_S_E_E_U_!,is  good game ~
,Recommended,554620,34875052,Posted: 10 September,all,RainbowsKittys,I loved the game the ending was very powerful gives me the shivers everytime.=^.^=
,Recommended,554620,34640116,Posted: 31 August,all,Summer,hella good
,Recommended,554620,34639195,Posted: 31 August,all,-turpakiinni,This is my world.
,Recommended,554620,34898576,Posted: 12 September,all,NcyRocks,"It's like Life is Strange, but actually good this time.(Then again, I only disliked the original after its final episode, so we'll have to wait and see.)"
,Recommended,554620,34726098,Posted: 3 September,all,Lelensko,So so good.
,Recommended,554620,34726250,Posted: 3 September,all,Dana.,"Love it as much as the original game. If you like teenage stories about love and loss, please give it a try."
,Recommended,554620,34726479,Posted: 3 September,all,Azure,I really really loved the original game but I think I might like this one more. Chloe is as fiery as before and is a different kind of play style from Max entirely. Watching the romance between her and Rachel starting in this episode just means so much and I can't wait for the next two episodes to come out.
,Recommended,554620,34726565,Posted: 3 September,all,a spooky Loser,Hella good
,Recommended,554620,34726503,Posted: 3 September,all,KinkyKitty,I NEED MORE!!!
,Recommended,554620,34693048,Posted: 2 September,all,Radeoni,Just started and I'm already in love.I loved the first game and IMO it was the best game in 2015. Already feels like this is at least in par with the original LiS.
,Recommended,554620,34640631,Posted: 31 August,all,albeloffwOw,great story
,Not Recommended,554620,34696747,Posted: 2 September,all,DaKon,Does not support 21:9 as promised.  Lots of issues with resolution.
76561198121569419,Not Recommended,554620,34731392,Posted: 4 September,all,Zeal,"What can I say ...Life is strange is my favourite game of all time for sure. I didn't have high hopes for the sequel and I was right with that.The story so far is lame, i really hate rachel (this ♥♥♥♥♥ makes me go mad honestly) and the animations aren't good at all.The only thing I gotta admit is the new kinda discussion mode and the graffiti are fun, but that's it ...For People who played the 1st game and liked it, I can recommend it, but if u didn't play it, don't spend 17€ on that one honestly"
76561198244987282,Not Recommended,554620,35486139,Posted: 4 October,all,yogioh040,"Sorry to write this review. Because I am SO DISAPPOINTED on this new version of Life is Strange. I love the story. I love Max and Chloe. but I can't endure the time limits when I choose the anwser. It's baaaaaad feeling. so bad. It's makes me too noisy to enjoy the story. Maybe someone feels exciting and nervous. But I don't, I just want to read the story with relax."
,Recommended,554620,34640162,Posted: 31 August,all,g0dd,Now you're totally stuck in the retro zone. Sadface.All right but now that I've actually gotten Episode 1 finished. This is definitely a Life is Strange game despite the different voice actors (who still manage to do a really good job)It might not live up to Life is Strange completely but I'm sure it will get close. Must buy if you enjoyed Life is Strange and aren't overly biased to the original voice actors work.
76561198083917060,Not Recommended,554620,34727965,Posted: 3 September,all,NuclearWinter,"If you liked the first game and want to get to know the characters more, than you'll probably enjoy this. However, it is missing a lot (well all) of the things that made the first game so gripping. Obviously this will happen when there is no time controlling super power involved, but the game is now very linear. I'm almost two hours in at the time of writing this and nothing has happened yet. Chloe isn't really a likable character at this point and the only conflict seems to be ""meh my mom is dumb and her boyfreint is dumb to rofl lol ex dee"".TL;DR Play this if you want an expansion of story, not gameplayBut hey, there is DnD, so at least some of it has good gameplay."
76561198064421798,Recommended,554620,34658264,Posted: 1 September,all,(̿·̿ ̿Ĺ̯·̿ ̿)̄,Buy this game you nigger♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
76561198227580024,Recommended,554620,35222236,Posted: 26 September,all,The_Slim,منتظر الحلقه الثانيه
,Recommended,554620,34640150,Posted: 31 August,all,'-PlayeR.M.u.D-',"EPIC game, very good, recommend!- Great Graphics- Great History- Great Soundtrack- Buy and Play!Check my gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2JUfjoyX9Y&tI recommend buying because it is a very good game with a very well made story, where each choice unpacta in the game and turns his gameplay making it more and more epic."
76561198167383120,Recommended,554620,34752678,Posted: 5 September,all,Krazy-8,"Advantages:-tough choices to make-good voice acting, although Chloe's voice actor was changed, the new one did a pretty good job i'd say-nice artstyle-very good story-although you can't travel back in time, Chloe has a different power which is shutting people down like a badass-found it funny that the best graphics are called ""hella high"" (bonus points for that)Disadvantages:-paying 16.99 euros for 3 episodes seems a little bit too much considering that the first game which had 5 episodes was 19.99-if you want to play an extra episode after the first 3 are released, you must pay an extra 9.19 euros, which makes 4 episodes to cost around 25 eurosIf you can get past the price-point (my main and only problem with this game), LiS: Before the Storm is a worth to play game."
76561198261986691,Recommended,554620,34761618,Posted: 5 September,all,GudBoiSimon,Its a pretty good game (y)
,Recommended,554620,34865722,Posted: 10 September,all,villainsparrow,(y)
76561198041404771,Recommended,554620,34870482,Posted: 10 September,all,Thepieintheface,_
76561198089761542,Recommended,554620,34767552,Posted: 5 September,all,Teatlis,oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god this game is amaZING ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT YOU PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT ARE YOU DOING READING REVIEWS JUST BUY IT ALREADY YOURE WASTING TIME GO GO GO NOW BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
76561198142643436,Recommended,554620,34651965,Posted: 31 August,all,Caesar,Gud
,Recommended,554620,34754297,Posted: 5 September,all,Murny,I just finished the first ep and wow! When I heard a prequel was coming out I was a bit skeptic but after playing it I can honestly say that this game is really great. So far I'm enjoying it just as much as the original game and I think Deck Nine did an awesome job with it. I can't wait for the second episode to come out!
76561198017302408,Recommended,554620,34850444,Posted: 9 September,all,paulig,Better than I expected.
,Recommended,554620,34640013,Posted: 31 August,all,Take112,"Life is Strange, take care.You too."
,Recommended,554620,34640459,Posted: 31 August,all,Woalrd Wor THWO,VERY NICE
76561198033086130,Not Recommended,554620,34675191,Posted: 1 September,all,LSBN,chloe is the worst but also they didn't get the original VAs because of a strike. this whole game is a strike busting thing and i wouldn't have gotten it had i knownsupport unions
,Not Recommended,554620,35093017,Posted: 20 September,all,CeeTee,"I really wish I could recommend this. If you have a computer above their specs, then go for it, I loved what I played. However, it's the specs why I cannot recommend this game. Their too high for a game that runs as it does. Their inability to manage this is what irks me further, given it's not a fault of the user, it's the fault of the engine they're running the game on. It shouldn't be a demanding game, but their engine isn't optimised to run on lower performance engines. If they'd optimise it and release a patch, that would make the game available to those who love the game. Bad customer service, truly."
,Not Recommended,554620,35069588,Posted: 19 September,all,UltimateByte,"########### WARNING ###########This game contains technical issues that might ruin your gaming experience.##################################################### Disclaimer #- This review is very critical, but someone has to say what's wrong with this game. Do not hate me for it, if nobody tells the devs what they do wrong, how would they improve anything? I am harsh in this review, because of the stupidity of made mistakes that litterally ruins the gameplay for no valid reason > It is so frustrating to see a good game experience ruined by things that shouldn't even need to be mentioned.- Hopefully I'll be able to edit this review in a positive way after upcoming fixes.####################################################################### Review ######################################################################################################### How to ruin gameplay in 3 steps ##########################1) Put no Vsync optionNever seen a game without Vsync option... Devs will never stop surprising me with the lack of basic common sense. I mean what the ♥♥♥♥, we're on PC, not on a goddamn console.I can't notice tearing in this game, maybe because I got 200FPS+ and 144Hz monitor, or because it's forced ON... Anyways, some people might prefer Vsync ON, and others like me would prefer this off to lower the horrible lag caused by Vsync; which leads us to the next thing...2) Provide horrible mice controls- Mice movements are smoothed- Mice latency is high (might be cause by the stupid smoothing)- Mice has a dead zone!- Mice acceleration is forced on (like on Apple computers, lol)Impressive! I hadn't seen a that much of a poor mice response since Battlefiled 3 when it was just released.I almost sh@t in my pants the first time I played the game. Didn't do two steps before I pressed escape and went trying to fix this bullcrap. But no... There is no ""acceleration"" or ""smoothing"" or ""dead zone"" option, at best, you can lower the sensitivity that is way too high by default, which doesn't solve these problems at all.If you try to make very tiny movements with your mice, they are not registered; if you try to turn around, you make two turns.It seems like they're trying to work with the mice as if it was a controller, but so badly that even with a controller it would be horrible as well.(Note that I'm a competitive CSGO player and got 0 acceleration and near 0 input lag hardware, so I know how it's feels when it's responsive).We are in 2017 for **** sake. Back in 90's, they already knew how to make flat, linear, with low input lag mice response. What the hell?! Wake up!!3) Add horrible controller response on the view stick (to give you motion sickness)After hating the mice responsiveness, you might, like me, want to try with an Xbox controller, because ""Hopefully it will feel better with a controller"". Lol, nope! Smoothing is so high, and latency is so high, that it's still horrible to control the view with a controller. I almost felt sick, both because I was disgusted by such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and because of the near motion sickness that resulted from such a distorded response...At least, developers fixed the Xbox controllers issues for most people (I gladly didn't have this issue with a wired Xbox 360 controller).4) Oh, and one more thing...I'd like to be able to skip this damn intro. It's funny once, twice, not 50 times after trying to restart the game in order to fix stupid issues with the game's responsiveness.############ Conclusion  ############Gameplay is so bad that it ruins gaming experience on a game with an amazing story.Developers, what are you thinking? Remove your fingers from your arses, wash them, then go back to code!Thanks."
76561198378065466,Recommended,554620,34919457,Posted: 13 September,all,HllNEEF,the price is too high for one episode
,Recommended,554620,35023313,Posted: 17 September,all,Wombat,finished the first chapter/episode/podcast whatever the kool kids kall itit was almost as depressing as binge watching a series of Bojack Horseman but the game is really great and im pretty keen for the new chapter/episode/podcast whatever the kool kids kall it.8/10 No ape escape mode
76561198147775414,Not Recommended,554620,35254385,Posted: 27 September,all,Kanellos,A very in depth review regarding what works and what doesn't. It's not the Life is Strange we remember but it looks a little bit like it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJNcD26X4CU&t=33s
76561198379152841,Recommended,554620,34913708,Posted: 12 September,all,TheLieGame,yes
76561198037222239,Recommended,554620,34744307,Posted: 4 September,all,Pegboard Nerds,awesome
,Recommended,554620,34641550,Posted: 31 August,all,☆←FeLiX→☆™,Good
76561198024097668,Recommended,554620,34640880,Posted: 31 August,all,Aetroxs,Graphic settings pumped up to Hella High. 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34639118,Posted: 31 August,all,Rose,Coping can go ♥♥♥♥ itself.
,Recommended,554620,34639460,Posted: 31 August,all,Frank,"Waiting for this installment to kick me in the heart.Edgier, for better or worse, so if the first game made you cringe even a little, chances are this isn't for you."
,Recommended,554620,34640916,Posted: 31 August,all,ch1ddY,I'm really hyped of the new Life Is Strange. I really expect it to be very very excited. I Pre-ordered deluxe edition. If it is not going to be as i expected the game to be i wont regret any cent i spent on the game. I'm really glad that i can support the devs. Good luck guys. Have Fun. <3
76561198097875793,Not Recommended,554620,35228036,Posted: 26 September,all,Ralph,"Really excited for this game and couldnt wait to play, unfortunatley the game crashes before i can even get to the first autosave... even on lowest possible settings the game crashes within 3 minutes of playing.... hopefully this is adressed and will be fixed soon."
76561198062991761,Recommended,554620,34640286,Posted: 31 August,all,Switch,"I'm liking the game so far, I enjoy the new main character more than the ugly last one (sory max fans chloe is cute max is not)The game functions well for me,  The first game I would often crash on the title screen for some reason.Some of this game is cringy but its hard not to hate a comfy game like this."
76561198086075013,Recommended,554620,34640432,Posted: 31 August,all,I'M TINY RICK!!,FINALLY!! TINY RICK!!!
,Recommended,554620,34693078,Posted: 2 September,all,Ashen Blade,"Ready for the mosh pit, shaka brah."
,Not Recommended,554620,34677013,Posted: 1 September,all,devilinmynoodle,- Denuvo- No controller support- The game crashes waaaaay too often!- I don't know about the story BECAUSE IT KEEPS ON CRASHING ON ME!Not recommended in it's current state. Maybe i'll check it out when all the episodes are out and petty issues are solved.
76561197982345707,Not Recommended,554620,34740943,Posted: 4 September,all,Singis,At this moment the game does not support 4k resolution or xbox 360 controllers and has many other bugs. So until this is all fixed thumbs down from me which is a shame because I really enjoyed the episode but its was so hard to not keep noticing all the bugs.
,Not Recommended,554620,34872267,Posted: 10 September,all,realm_01,"I fell asleep, which is never a good sign when playing a video game."
,Not Recommended,554620,35180783,Posted: 24 September,all,ENDr@in,"The episode is superb, but the fact that CONTROLLERS DON'T WORK properly in the game is outrageous.This review doesn't do justice, I know, it's just that I hate lazy  a s s  devs."
76561198165275857,Not Recommended,554620,34985024,Posted: 15 September,all,Ashwina,I've waited for this game to be released and when it finally came i was excited at first. The starting was ok but when I played the game somewhere in episode 1 when my character placed  her mom's purse on the table something happened when i tried to move my character my game froze and it did'nt unfreeze can someone pls fix the freezing problem.
76561198065064623,Not Recommended,554620,34727032,Posted: 3 September,all,[NNC]Iain,"Xbox 360 pad connected but the game thinks it is a playstation pad (symbols are all Xs and Os), as a result the right stick does not work for look and the game is unplayble. Solid C-, try harder."
,Recommended,554620,34642569,Posted: 31 August,all,choccy-biccy,♥♥♥♥ knows what all these people saying it doesnt work with mouse are saying mine was perfect and people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about controllers duhhh its a pc game ♥♥♥♥ controllers loool sick game
76561198121359321,Not Recommended,554620,34702307,Posted: 2 September,all,Juggernaut,"The game is amazing, the story is great, the music is great, the dialogue is great, and the sudo-D&D scene is probably the funniest thing I have ever seen in a video game.However, the three hour play time is insulting. I took my time, as a fan of the previous game, and tried to interact with everything I could, hell I even hunted down the stupid graffiti collectables. Regardless of that, the play time is a meager 3 hours with more purchases to come.This is a truly beautiful, wonderful game. It's just priced ridiculously for its miniscule amount of content. It's both shorter and more expensive than the previous episodes but offers no large leap in quality to justify it."
76561197968099463,Not Recommended,554620,35029170,Posted: 17 September,all,Rivz,"I do like this game, it's a good teenage drama, dialogs are great, the soundtrack is great, but damn I miss ""rewind"" power, which was the essence of Life is Strange.  So I chose ""not to recommend"", as it is not LiS, it could easily be a visual novel for mobiles and tablets, without using full LiS name, and maybe it would be a better choice, to make tons of cool images, each one worth being a wallpaper.  So choose wisely, your actions will have consequences :)"
,Not Recommended,554620,34800546,Posted: 7 September,all,Brain,"Great game, but currently unplayable with an official XBox 360 Wireless controller, because you'll always get PS4 button mapping, which is not usable."
76561198201299302,Not Recommended,554620,34849138,Posted: 9 September,all,selenaquiros10,I spent my money on this game so to find out tht my game freezes everytime on ep one not even half way thru the episode sucks
,Recommended,554620,34639522,Posted: 31 August,all,uchiha_itachi_96,finally. better like the first game
,Recommended,554620,34639753,Posted: 31 August,all,asmarbys,"hey, nice!"
76561198046707846,Not Recommended,554620,34718372,Posted: 3 September,all,mbobby137,"The origional life is strange is one of my favorate games.  I was excited to buy this game and play it, but when the first episode was completed in 2 hours I felt somewhat cheated.  15 bucks for 2 hours of gameplay is a bit of a let down.  The vibe for this game is the same as the previous life is strange episodes, and what little content that is here is enjoyable, but I cant really recomend this to anyone based on how short it is.-Illuminati symbolism is in every loading sceen, and is very common in other sceens.-2 hours of play time.-most of the locations are reused from the first games.I feel like this game was a cash grab, but I am still going to buy the other two when they come out."
,Not Recommended,554620,35095373,Posted: 20 September,all,PurplexedPug,"Too many things to say..First, It is absolutely a complete rip off to charge $16.00 for a 2 hour game. Episodes 2 &3 dont even exist yet. I wil lnot recommend a game that totally rips people off. They probably left off more episodes so they can charge you more. I totally recommend the first 5 (the original with Max) The characters were better, there were hella more choices and the game itself was way more fun. From what I can tell it is different developers than the other one and its more than obvious. If I had played this one first- I would ask for a refund and never play the other one. The story is great but this one is a little too much story and not enough interaction.Ive heard others tallk about how you need an amazing computer and CPU to enjoy it. I have the best money can buy, literally, with a 1080TI and the characters still look like crap. Its not the computer- its the bad development. So wish the original creators did this one."
,Not Recommended,554620,34873594,Posted: 10 September,all,Shentharo,No ultrawide support
76561198129492707,Recommended,554620,34639682,Posted: 31 August,all,Recrited,im already crying holyshit
,Not Recommended,554620,34829204,Posted: 8 September,all,Kenny Rogers,"Cant wait to play, NEED ulrawide support patched.."
76561198304442518,Not Recommended,554620,34844690,Posted: 9 September,all,dawnne,"I would have loved to play this game, it's too bad deck nine doesn't want to develop a patch for everyone with controller issues like myself. Until then I'll use the money from my refund for a different game that I've been wanting to play for months."
,Recommended,554620,34638992,Posted: 31 August,all,Eleztro,gud
76561198070622005,Not Recommended,554620,34678431,Posted: 2 September,all,Exotic Butters,"I loved Life is Strange. If you're considering getting Before the Storm, then you've probably played the original, which is good because it makes my job easier. If not, get the ♥♥♥♥ out, you filthy causal (but seriously, though, there's gonna be spoilers about the origional game, so if you wanna play that without having it ruined find another reveiw).Let me start with the gist of it; it's not as good as the original.Before I talk trash, let me start with the good stuff. By far the greatest strength of this game is the characters. It is the interest in their internal struggles that is going to sustain any interest. And among the characters, Chloe, who I'm sure you know by now is the protagonist, reigns supreme. Fans of the original will be glad that doey-eyed-zero-personality Max is no longer in the driver's seat. After all, it has always been Chloe driving the story, and the intrigue. It's also been nice to get to know this Rachel person, who we've been hearing a whole lot about but haven't seen too much of yet. Even this first episode has done loads to build the context of what causes Chloe's great freak-out at seeing Rachel's body (oh yeah, spoiler alert).That however, is where the improvements end and the weird♥♥♥♥♥♥starts. And spoilers are the perfect Segway into the biggest shortcoming in this game, which I'm sad to say it has inherited from its predecessor. Spoilers in the sense that we all know what's coming. We may not know the nitty gritty, but they're GOING to become best friends, Rachel is GOING to disappear, Max is GOING to come back. We know this because we've seen it happen. Because of this, the ending will have no chance whatsoever of surprising us. That means that just like the original, none of your choices are going to matter in any significant way. With a game that features player choice, that’s a cardinal sin.Time control is no longer a thing. This brings with it an odd sense of consequence – you aren't guaranteed to pick the best option if you can't rewind it and try again. But remember, time control was ♥♥♥♥ing sick. If I had to pick a fetish, that would be it. Not to mention the overwhelming weight of choice that you feel when going back in time to the day Chloe's dad died, letting the full weight of the not-so-subtly-hinted butterfly affect wash over you. And, remember how cool it was when we changed history in the photographs, and saw each polaroid individually get torn apart in these nearly-dreaming catch up sequences, where each one got replaced with the new version of reality? Remember how cool it was that Max's passion – the art of photography, the feeling of a moment captured forever – was directly embodied in that central game mechanic?That's not going to happen here. Time stops for no man (or woman, or man-bear-pig, or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you identify as). And there's no ♥♥♥♥ing way to make graffiti a central game mechanic that’s going to rock our minds with its unique parallels with the character's life. And without the much-touted time altering mechanic, actions just won't have the same weight as ones that would potentially alter reality, the universe, people's lives, etc.They tried to fill in the void with the ""sharp tongue mechanic"", and while it is slightly satisfying to pull it off successfully, its extreme ease coupled with the fact that it's incredibly cringy makes it an overall unpleasant experience.On that note, dialogue isn't as great as it was in the previous. It's on the nose, its awkward, and don’t even begin to try to convince me that Chloe was THAT ♥♥♥♥ing into the dungeons-and-dragons-esque board game you play outside Blackwell. Not to mention that its incredibly difficult to believe that Chole and Rachel would open up as fast as they do. It takes less than half an episode for Rachel and Chloe to become BFF's, while Max knew Chloe for years and it still took her two episodes to get Chole to be fully on her side. It just feels like they aren't trying as hard.And this is a rather minor point, but the game's ugly as sin. I feel like the devs had a competition to make the scenery as pixelated as possible while still being able to tell what the ♥♥♥♥ you're looking at. It makes the intense cinematography they try to pull off just feel embarrassing (especially the fire effects). Not to mention that the animations are janky as hell – it's practically some uncanny valley♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's probably due to the fact that they just copy-pasted the assets from the last game, which wasn’t exactly eye candy either. Regardless, the trailers and screenshots capture exactly how it looks, so if you wanna see it for yourself just look there.This game still has the meat of what made the original good. But the meat hasn't been on the grill very long. It could've used a lot more work, and in the end of it all it's probably going to leave a slimy, bloody film in your mouth. If you're dying to know what Rachel's all about, then by all means give this game a shot. But I'd recommend you do yourself a favor and keep your respect for the original – let it end where it ended and let its rich, succulent flavor be the last thing you've tasted of this story."
,Not Recommended,554620,35092790,Posted: 20 September,all,ӍΔԮϷϓ ϏΞΔƱ ™,"LiS BTS Prequel ReviewThis game is based on teenage rage and psychosis on the mentally ill and insane. It depicts rebellion between family and features a character you control who is on a downward spiral. Chloe. Chloe's friend Rachael is just usingher to gain sympathy and it is narrated like she is her only chance to succeed when she's only lowering Chloe to her even lower level. We can't tell what the future holds so far because of the fact the game is currently released as is an uncompleted form and probably hasnt been written yet so I will wait before I ""bury the hatchet"" but needless to say this game poses no use to the future of mankind beyond that of being a wooded stump that holds the edge of a business up and until it dies will not alter its course into a complete downward trajectory to utter failure as it was in the beginning so too shall be again. Rating X+ do not buy if you care about LIFE."
76561198028598185,Not Recommended,554620,34785050,Posted: 6 September,all,Cleopatra,"So this game is what it is, its a teenager dealing with the death of her father, and a newfound friend who seem to take her out of constant misery. The game itself was entertaining to me, and the choices you make in the game feels important and really makes the game.Alot of good is to be said about this game, especially if you are into story based games, where the story takes controle and gameplay and graphics are left behind (even tho this game is actually very beautiful)My big however is that the first episode is about 2 hours of gameplay, and episode 2 has not even been announced yet. I get that some people might like these kind of release schedules but no. When I pay for a game i want the whole package right away, and when this isnt a possibility i atleast want to know how long im going to wait - as a player i invest myself in this story, i put myself in the position of the main character and that makes for a really good emotional experience ( the whole reason i like this game is this exactly ) But when i invest myself like that it's just not gonna work to either not know when the next episode comes out - and potentially have to wait weeks/months for the next episode. And that is why i cannot recommend this game.Simply put the experience is awesome but cut short, and it just takes away from the emotional investment.Imagine someone serving you are 17 dollar donut, and it tastes amazing. But you can only take one bite and you have no idea when the next bite might be, and it will very likely be months from now."
,Not Recommended,554620,34667573,Posted: 1 September,all,SageWD,"While it is possible for the game to turn around in the next two episodes, as of the end of episode one I cannot recommend this to fans of the first Life is Strange game. It's the style without the substance or the soul - AAA fanfiction."
,Recommended,554620,34639285,Posted: 31 August,all,AlexZebol,"Ready for the mosh pit, shaka brah....But honestly - this game rocks. Really, Chloe's story has its own theme and atmosphere (obviously, duh). At least less hipsters, huh?No more rewinds - game offers a brand new system of, basically, ""persuasing people"" based on our yet-to-be-blue-haired-corpse-in-a-bathroom edginess.IMO, so far so good.420/10 - would become pothead thanks to Frankie The Drug Dealer."
76561198313516482,Not Recommended,554620,34938887,Posted: 13 September,all,c.s.scott8,"Game is awful, story and diaglogue are boring, Loved the orginal but without the rewind mechanic, it's a soapy teen drama, This one was just awful, stay away."
76561198051745545,Not Recommended,554620,34714104,Posted: 3 September,all,vasax,"I knew what I was getting myself into, but I still purchased this game.Did I manage to become a better version of Chloe?No, 'cause this is a bad girl simulator.Was it enjoyable to allow myself the worst habits of mankind? Not really.I just hope that Chloe won't be a role model for a new generation, because this game can potentially inspire terrible and dangerous behaviour.I hope thaT subsequent episodes will have some nice plot twists, because the drama isn't exciting enough so far.The soundtrack was amazing though.The game didn't freeze or lag or crash. It was hella smooth tbh, even though I have old Intel® Core™2 Duo Processor E8500, 8 gb RAM and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960."
,Not Recommended,554620,34652136,Posted: 31 August,all,Scott,"First of all i want to say that this game is not Bad! but also not amazing, and all the fans probably going to get mad and down-vote the review and thats fine. People just like to roll their eyes away from the truth all the time and thats that. We are the people that need to show these things to developers and their publishers what we really want and feel, after all we are the fans! We need to take a stand and not keep forgiving them for lack of things in their games, other wise we just end up with games like EA or Ubisoft makes, because all they care about is money! Thats my point so no need to get salty'. So i am not good at writing reviews so im going to try to put it as simple and as short as i can.Episode 1 was kind of weak in my opinion, since it felt like it did not have that grip or feel and hook as the First episode in the first game. This one was way to fast and rapid fire, like they should of showed more things with rachel , not just like 1 hour later , youre more than friends lol, and could of ended don some epic relationship ending. but it  did not end of some cliffhanger or anything to make you want to say ""oh man... i really want to play the next episode like RIGHT NOW"".-It did do a really good job at many things tho! That ""Back Talk feature"" is pretty good and adds a unique thing to the game, great soundtrack and just music in general in game is really chill. Im glad that they brought back Acadia Bay and familiar and iconic characters. The main story so far does seem interesting and promising so im open minded about it. The game it self is not a bad game because of these things. The game had tried to bring in these feels in the episode and they were trying to make us feel them, like almost right away and stuff just kinda felt rushed and felt kind of off.-Having all different voice actors aslo is A HUGE Factor here and it does not help it in this case at all. it just feels like its missing that soul that the game had, but likei said that still doesnt not mean its terrible.-I am really really close to giving it a thumbs up but i just can't...not right now! Since its not a bad game at all, but right now its missing the core soul. I will see how it continues in the last 2 episodes.-Also having technical issues didn't help the game either. many people and probably all people with controllers had problems rightaway with them simply not working in game, so that was a bummer for many, I ended up fixing the problem by changing things in steam settings in Big Picture mode. Also had to replay after like 30 min of gameplay because my achievements werent showing up and at all, its like the game had no achivements at the time.-After all its a cool experience since i had low expectations for the game from the start. But for now i will mark this game as above Average 6.5/10-This review will probably change after i end up finishing the game and see if it gets way better and improves on many things in the future episodes."
,Not Recommended,554620,34653527,Posted: 1 September,all,Rohmeela,"I had high expectation for this game (I still do), but I can't play it without crashing. After an hour I realized, the first backtalk challenge froze because I chose the wrong answer... after this, the game crashed at the second graffiti... Although the visuals in the first two scene is beautiful, in this state I can't recommend this game, but I'll change my opinion (who knows?) once I get to know the full experience."
76561198065302558,Not Recommended,554620,34670633,Posted: 1 September,all,SniperWolf,not even half as good as the first one.
76561198165345414,Not Recommended,554620,34639561,Posted: 31 August,all,Mxlvin,"Unplayable with keyboard / mouse right now!  The camera is bugged, in terms of it won't move at all, when moving the mouse too slow.. sometimes the camera moves with a delay depending on how fast you move your mouse.. Hoping for a quick fix, shouldn't take too long... Will update this review when game is playable./ EDIT: looks like they are investigating the issue:http://steamcommunity.com/app/554620/discussions/1/1474221865184351076/?tscn=1504203944"
,Not Recommended,554620,34640933,Posted: 31 August,all,Bogor Represent!,"Unoptimized. Bad controller detection. No 21:9, which was promised. Incredibly bad deadzone. WASD controls tank FPS for some idiotic reason.Oh, and writers of this user unfriendly crap: It's 'rubbing one out', not 'rubbing one'. If you want us to cut ourselves on the edgyness, at least be correct-edgy. Don't make me shake my head five times in halve a minute."
,Not Recommended,554620,34640731,Posted: 31 August,all,Lalna,First make sure that controllers work in the game. Then release it. Mouse control is really weird too. Will wait for a patch to come out.
,Not Recommended,554620,34696104,Posted: 2 September,all,᠋᠋,"Developers, please add to the game Russian language!"
76561198040828368,Not Recommended,554620,34888730,Posted: 11 September,all,Neozoon,"Preodered because I believed they wouldn't put denuvo on a not-60-bucks-game. And I was wrong.On the original LiS, you played one episode for about 4€. On this game you play one episode for about 5€.Can't recommend this, really feels like milking the community.Instead of LiS, this game made really sad before I played it."
76561198324560509,Not Recommended,554620,34997315,Posted: 16 September,all,Appa,"It was actually kind of better than what I expected, but Rachel really did disappoint me. I started to think it wasn't worth the money."
76561198126543135,Not Recommended,554620,34650743,Posted: 31 August,all,Tabby 3456,Fix the freezes and crashes and then i'll1. re-buy this game2. turn this to positive reivew3. and say what i have expirienced
76561198085734035,Not Recommended,554620,34638918,Posted: 31 August,all,Marlon,Not recommended until they fix the deadzone on the mouse. Hella mad :CunningPepeRed:
76561198007568868,Not Recommended,554620,34965562,Posted: 14 September,all,Her Royal Fabulousness,"I enjoyed the first game, but this is so overrated. I was so bored the entire time I was playing it and it's really not a good sign when a game doesn't draw you in enough to even care about completing the first chapter. Seriously! The main gameplay mechanic of the original is replaced with... Oh my gosh, exactly the reason nobody liked Chloe in the first place! She's such a bratty little kid crying over spilt milk! I suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and the one thing I can't stand is when people ♥♥♥♥♥ about something so minor as other people annoying them. Seriously! You're basically complaining about getting poked when you could've been shot, you ignorant, whining little♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198132595222,Not Recommended,554620,34828646,Posted: 8 September,all,Lipntooth,2 hrs.....
,Not Recommended,554620,34795675,Posted: 7 September,all,AragoldMaaate,William played country music on the radio. 0/10
,Not Recommended,554620,34638612,Posted: 31 August,all,idragyoutohell,"As much as it pains me to put this negative this game is sorta unplayable with a mouse since for some odd reason you have this weird deadzone on your mouse, pretty much if you slowly move your mouse the camera doesn't move, this is very annoying and cannot play this until this gets fixed and no I don't have a controller.P:S: it seems people are also having trouble with getting their controllers to work too so even if I went and bought a controller it might still not work..OBVIOUSLY not everyone is having this problem so I don't see why there's so many dislikes.."
,Recommended,554620,34638901,Posted: 31 August,all,Rokolell,Hella High
,Recommended,554620,34638701,Posted: 31 August,all,MadROGamer,Another cool game with a nice story ! I love it !
76561198025303766,Not Recommended,554620,34997088,Posted: 16 September,all,kewlbeens,"Disappointing after having played the first story. No time travel. You have ""insult"" powers instead. Super lame. The character is completely unlikeable, a moody teenage girl with an attitude. I gave up caring about her or her story."
76561198178555718,Not Recommended,554620,34642955,Posted: 31 August,all,merr1187,"I can't play, it has no sound"
,Not Recommended,554620,34836974,Posted: 9 September,all,NoNameDid,Shiiit.
76561198036584325,Not Recommended,554620,34655303,Posted: 1 September,all,Leemony00,A actual mechanic in this game is too have roastbattles rivaling the worst of youtubers. Can't wait for Chloe to release her disstrack later this year!
,Recommended,554620,34638126,Posted: 31 August,all,// Ene | エネ,Square Enix has again published an another great game. In my opinion:A perfection and clear purchase recommendation.And that just because the beginning is already awesome.
,Not Recommended,554620,35306737,Posted: 29 September,all,Atlalok,The cringe is real
76561198066799394,Not Recommended,554620,34681374,Posted: 2 September,all,soulmusicfly,"game is good, very nice one, I guess, because I can't stand my controller.please make this game support xbox360 wireless controller , thanks. then I will change it as good.my computer is AMD 1700 + Vega56 +16G DDR4."
,Recommended,554620,34638397,Posted: 31 August,all,Howlux,Chloe is back ^-^
,Not Recommended,554620,34640428,Posted: 31 August,all,Пушкин,Game has crashed after first blacktell dialog with guard... it's terrible:(
76561198170921138,Not Recommended,554620,34656319,Posted: 1 September,all,кคt,like some else said refund button ! too many machanical issues .
,Not Recommended,554620,34652718,Posted: 31 August,all,Goom,Dude.Hey.Buddydude.Friend.Hey.Hey Bud.Let's steal that wine.I WOULD REALLY LIKE IF YOU GAVE ME SOME SPACE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,554620,34638378,Posted: 31 August,all,0fflineXD,best lul ops
76561198309557659,Not Recommended,554620,34655356,Posted: 1 September,all,'Mozart CS.MONEY,Refund button works just fine.
,Recommended,554620,34638198,Posted: 31 August,all,lib,hi
,Recommended,554620,34637801,Posted: 31 August,all,Nathan Young,first- People got really freaking mad in the comments so I guess I have to say something. I just finished the first chapter and it was ok 4/10. There you have it peopleThe first game is much better so far.
,Recommended,554620,34641477,Posted: 31 August,all,Talvisota,3 hours after release and i just finished Episode 1. This game is amazing. Full episode on one run.
,Recommended,554620,34641491,Posted: 31 August,all,Show Me What You Got,I've missed bae.
,Recommended,554620,34641497,Posted: 31 August,all,wdya,"As good as it looks. Definitely a worthy successor (predecessor?) to the original.Pros:Gorgeous animation easily rivaling the originalGenuinely feels like a part of the universeBeautiful soundtrack (I've spent about 20 minutes at various times just sitting on screens, not proceeding so I can listen)Old and new characters featureDoesn't feel ashamed of its gayness (even other random characters are sometimes implied to be LGBT)New backtalk mechanic is more fun than I expectedI just spent another 20 minutes playing D&D inside this game, and it was awesomeCons:No skip function for dialogue or cutscenes, which makes it a huge pain to click on something twice by accident or to have to reloadAlmost none of the same voice actors, which can be jarring. They're all good, just differentOverall, a welcome addition so far. Thoroughly recommended."
,Recommended,554620,34641652,Posted: 31 August,all,vilgax,Simply awesome ^
76561198079860894,Recommended,554620,34641656,Posted: 31 August,all,Manta dodge,Im expecting great plot twists like the first game had.
,Recommended,554620,34641666,Posted: 31 August,all,Vixie,"10/10Okay, so I'm a huge LiS fan, and I loved this game. As of this date, only episode one has been released.I loved the queer representation. I love the recurring symbolism and subtle references to the original Life is Strange game. No spoilers in this review, but damn, I was hella impressed. I love how it developed the characters more in little ways. The gameplay was excellent, even if the episode felt a little short. It really felt like the prequel Life is Strange deserved.The graphics and mechanics were very similar to the original game, and I like how you have a way to check your objectives. I loved the depth in Chloe's diary, and the graffiti. Without time travel, I wondered how much this would feel like just a visual novel, but the argument mechanic really made it enjoyable. I look forward to playing through again to see what happens if you fail them.I was SO hyped for this game and played it the moment it was available in my library. I paid extra for the deluxe edition on pre-order and regret nothing. I would absolutely recommend this game without hesitation."
76561198035951839,Recommended,554620,34641694,Posted: 31 August,all,Alex,"Simply put: you liked the first one ? Grab this. Now.BEWARE Controls are atm a little bugged, might need to restart game occasionally."
,Recommended,554620,34901405,Posted: 12 September,all,RaduPhantom,"I really couldn't be happier with what we've been given. Deck Nine gets Life is Strange, but more than that, it capitalizes on the material to make it better than anyone would expect. The story, the graphics, the feels... they're all back in (almost) the same Arcadia Bay we know. So if you loved the first game, you will love this one just as much."
,Recommended,554620,34902532,Posted: 12 September,all,MLGFrodo,"If you loved Life is Strange you'll love the prequel.Episode 1 was dope af, nothing more to say! :D"
76561198130271923,Recommended,554620,34890822,Posted: 11 September,all,BusLoadaWhiteKids,"Life is Strange Beofre the Storm? Pffft, more like: Life is Edge: Before the Last Time I Kissed a Girl and Cried. Or alternatively, one of the most emotional experiences of my life, wtf.Look buddy chum pal. This, this right here, this is some h e l l a good shnizzle.I've played the first episode twice over already and have watched multiple other play throughs.Each time I fall more in love with Chloe, with rachel, with D&D,with the gay.Buy the game. Do it now. Your trash cash is nothing when compared to this masterpiece."
76561198171750818,Recommended,554620,34911296,Posted: 12 September,all,lizbook,"I love Life is Strange, and Before the Storm more than lives up to its legacy. Here is Chloe, still creating her teen rebel self.  Here is Rachel Amber, AKA every confident, charming girl you crushed on in high school. And here, in loving detail, is their world before everything came crashing down.I like how the new mechanics reflect Chloe's recklessness: instead of rewinding time, Chloe has to race against it in timed verbal battles. Play D&D, drink beer, pick fights, doubt yourself, have heartfelt and heartbreaking revelations --If this was just episode 1, I can't imagine what my heart's in for next."
,Recommended,554620,34890784,Posted: 11 September,all,GrOCam,"Spot on Character deep into teen angst on it's 16Play a drunk, insolent, reckless little brat, my kinda game.More intimate than the LiS main story, takes time to get into, cringy moments, dialogue rythm failures.A clumsy but touching spin-off full of good intentions.Recommended for those who liked Chloe's character developpement otherwise don't even think about it."
,Recommended,554620,34885311,Posted: 11 September,all,comeonkhan,"STRONGLY RECOMMENDEDThe first game was amazing, the second game has turned out to be better.We dont have Max's time reversal, but we do have Chloe and her amazing Mocking power which make this game different from the first one.I loved it to meet all old characters from the original game, and see their behaviour with chloe.Story was amazing.Great characterization and emotional moments.Can't wait for the next episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34924665,Posted: 13 September,all,Cocoa Krad,"Cole, I have always liked as a charater and her personality. This game is very heart felt and plays well with her as the main role. Also, having recently lost my father as well I know exactly what she is going through. Shes not ready and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the world for everything going on. I know why she needs Rachel right now but im not sure why Rachel needs her."
,Recommended,554620,34939471,Posted: 13 September,all,Rεd Høød,Rachel is now best girl from this series. Sorry Max and Chloe. (And Kate).
76561198128906690,Recommended,554620,34939960,Posted: 13 September,all,Zantettsuken,"Great story,Chloe voice actor should have added a little bit more emotions but I guess it does go a little bit with how she's depressed about her dad and she seems more lost in her life than in the first game."
76561198039501365,Recommended,554620,34956078,Posted: 14 September,all,Květoslav,This game is hella epic. Can't wait for more episodes to come !
76561198525958854,Recommended,554620,34951689,Posted: 14 September,all,CaptainLump332,I don't play a ton of games and I never post a review about games but this game deserves it. Life is strange has been my favorite game series ever and so far the story in Before the Storm is great and i'm hooked. I can't wait for the next episode and would recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,554620,34942008,Posted: 13 September,all,Lola,I made Chloe gay. 10/10
76561198039506291,Recommended,554620,34673063,Posted: 1 September,all,Oi'Suzy!,The best game with the best story ♥
76561198100141924,Recommended,554620,34641484,Posted: 31 August,all,ChimpGuy,"This... This was HELLA awesome! Two hour long episode with great writing, hella high graphics and most importantly: THE FEELS TRAIN HAS LEFT THE STATION, BABY!Arcadia Bay. Home. Atleast it was before I ♥♥♥♥ed everything up."
,Recommended,554620,34702527,Posted: 2 September,all,[N7]MrPodushka,"So, here we are. Life is Strange: Before the Storm is out.Personally, My expectations were lowered a bit for this game, cause I watched some videos on youtube explaining why this game might not be as good as it was hoped to be. Fortunately, Before the Storm turned out to be an amazing game. Here are some reasons why:- Animations got way better and they feel realistic compared to the original game.- Dialogs are now less cringy and more believable. Like, you realise they sound relatively cringy, but, for some reason, they sound truly genuine and you believe in them. However, for the whole episode I was hoping that Chloe would just look at the camera and give a look, like ""Well, neither do I get what has just been said"" (my personal remark)- Booooi, was the tabletop game awesome. 20 minutes out of 20 of actual gameplay within a gameplay.- The ability to choose outfits is spicey as heeeell dawg- Music is on top. Give yourself a favour and listen to the tracks when the opportunity is presented- Also, read the notes and messeges to increase the playtime (especially at the end of the game)- Steal the cash, DO NOT buy Mary Jane and put money to your mom's purse. Just Tr*shaking autisticly*ust me.- For some reason I could not play with a controller, which was a bummer- No opportunities to save Alyssa :(- Cool graffities- No bottle picking questsTaking everything into account, I would rate this game 4/4 smashes and hella recommend to everyone who is into story-driven games. Just pick your favourite drink, chilax and play the objecti... this game!"
76561197998957919,Recommended,554620,34976296,Posted: 15 September,all,Mattz,Great game :) wish episodes could be longer though..
,Recommended,554620,34641182,Posted: 31 August,all,Chloe Price,*Very emotional.*Loved it.*Music is amazing!
76561198059919166,Recommended,554620,34988867,Posted: 15 September,all,เด่นดี,meet u again Chloe :D
76561198107988213,Recommended,554620,34991686,Posted: 16 September,all,ColonelStrawbery,In my opinion a big step up from the first game. Even without the timetravel-gimmick the first episode has been very enjoyable!
76561198133332311,Recommended,554620,34994490,Posted: 16 September,all,treez der Taschentuchterminator,good game sad though that it crashes often
,Recommended,554620,34712773,Posted: 3 September,all,Baunsgaard,This game is hella good!
,Recommended,554620,34645921,Posted: 31 August,all,BatIgor,the feel trip is real
76561198157586349,Recommended,554620,34712620,Posted: 3 September,all,sniperquikill,"I'M NOT CRYING, IT'S EYE SWEAT OKAY !On a more serious note the first chapter really got me into it, I didn't really expected anything so it was an overwhelmingly good experience for me, definitely play it if you like narrative game with a good atmosphere and pretty scenery!"
,Recommended,554620,34704827,Posted: 3 September,all,Caraeus,"Max had rewind time powers, Chloe has magical ink suddenly appearing on her hand. 10/10 would review again"
,Recommended,554620,34702771,Posted: 2 September,all,Ju1ce,Hella Good
,Recommended,554620,34702589,Posted: 2 September,all,Tdvsht123,"I am actually surprised it's spectacular. It starts slow, but soon remind me how I love the plot of original series."
,Recommended,554620,34705568,Posted: 3 September,all,GangZhan,I played it in my roommate's computer because it doesn't have an edition for MacOS.But it's worthy.
,Recommended,554620,34670992,Posted: 1 September,all,Wolf-Tank,#NotMyChloePrice
,Recommended,554620,34671060,Posted: 1 September,all,Northy,"If you enjoyed the original, then this is a must buy. Fill in the back story with this beautiful prequel."
76561197988597388,Recommended,554620,34670663,Posted: 1 September,all,Ocelot,Loved every moment of it. A great successor to the original.
76561198091533461,Recommended,554620,34670704,Posted: 1 September,all,Hotaru_Firefly™,"I got done with episode 1 just yesterday. This is so epic. The ending is amazing beyond enything i've seen from the original and throughout this one and only episode. Although, I have to say, I played this a second time so I could possibly get a second ending, and I've noticed a lot of head twitch going on with some of the characters. Beyond that, everything feels like the original plus more. It sucks me in every time. Keep at it!"
76561198283106377,Recommended,554620,34645303,Posted: 31 August,all,ArjabRoy,"This game is much better & improved than it's sequel as the story is more diverse, the gameplay is much more improved as now the point & click has been upgraded to Key pressing, optimization is neat & graphics looks way better.Eagerly waiting for Episode 2: Brave New World.Conclusion: This is a must buy for Life Is Strange fans & ones who want a fresh new story."
,Recommended,554620,34671619,Posted: 1 September,all,DrunkenMaster420,Got to play a sweet game of D&D.10/10
,Recommended,554620,34669797,Posted: 1 September,all,MarioTGreat,"Date: 09/01/2017After beating Life is Strange (LIS) and realizing it's one of those rare games I genuinely love, I knew I wanted more but didn't really think I would get it. LIS was a quirky game, almost entirely story driven with no real action whatsoever, and it was made by an unknown company. In short, it didn't seem like the kind of game to sell well or get a sequel.I was very pleasantly surprised to find out I was wrong on both accounts. So how is it so far?Much of Before The Storm (BTS) remained unchanged from Life is Strange. The graphical quality, the method of story telling, and the general theme are all very similar. I'll touch on what is different, though.Gameplay-wise, the game has one major difference from LIS in that it no longer utilizes time travel. Instead, Chloe's power is 'Backtalk' -- a title for her simply becoming verbally aggressive and argumentative in order to get her way. What happens is that when players initiate 'Backtalk', they then have to direct the conversation using word cues as clues in order to help Chloe achieve her aim. The conversation is time-limited so players do have to make a choice quickly.Personally, I'm not a fan of the new 'Backtalk' mode. Generally, when playing story-driven games, I absolutely do not like being rushed for any reason. It's why I despise Telltale's new games. So, for me, 'Backtalk' mode is actually more of a negative.It also strikes me as funny that LIS' time travel mode basically allows unlimited time for conversations and for players to even reverse and change their decisions in case they change their minds, but BTS went in the opposite direction. Curious move.Now the other thing I wanted to touch on that is different from LIS is, of course, the story. BTS is now focused on what was the deuteragonist of LIS, Chloe Price, and the story now revolves around her life and how she met LIS' mystery character, Rachel Amber. I've wanted to learn about Rachel for a while, so this was a big positive for me.Furthermore, the story is focused in the past -- three years before LIS, to be exact -- but many of the characters from LIS makes a return. It really is a treat to see what they were like three years prior.This does bring me to my next point: The major story change of voice acting. It was widely known beforehand that voices would be different due to the SAG-AFTRA strike. I knew and didn't mind too much...but, admittedly, it got jarring at times. Surprisingly, because of the major change of Chloe Price's voice, but because of all the other characters.Joyce Price, David Madsen, Victoria Chase, and etc. LIS was extremely driven by the story, so you couldn't help but get used to the characters and their voices. So when I started playing BTS and, suddenly, everyone sounds very different, it became jarring. Unlike the younger characters, you also couldn't use age to explain why their voices are different. I got used to it but it detracts more than I would have liked to admit.Overall, BTS is turning out to be a good game so far and I don't regret pre-ordering it. I suspect it may end up being one my top games for 2017. However, I do caution some others about waiting if possible.BTS is a great game, but it's short so it may be a good idea to wait for all episodes to be released first before buying. The first episode has been released for only one day, but I've beaten the episode twice and gotten 100% achievement already. If you don't mind, though, then yes, definitely buy the game now."
,Recommended,554620,34671857,Posted: 1 September,all,tonej / CSGOroll.com,Hella great
,Recommended,554620,34671864,Posted: 1 September,all,.....,"Great addition to the series, awesome episode! Cant wait for the 2nd and 3rd and whatever the team working on this prequel has in store for us diehard fans!PLAY ITTT!"
,Recommended,554620,34670830,Posted: 1 September,all,XxX_CR4WL1NG1NMYSK1N_XxX,"This game is by far one of the best narrative games I've played in such a long time.  This game maintains rich personalities throughout each character and doesn't contain as many awkward scenarios and clichés like the first game.  Also, the game's emotional appeal to Chloe's and Rachel's background is surreal, almost as if the game was based off of true events.  I love this game and was worth every penny.  10/10 without a doubt.P.S. Cannot wait for episodes 2 and 3!"
76561198004088114,Recommended,554620,34671145,Posted: 1 September,all,Fattyshow,"Basicly when I saw the trailer on E3, I knew this was going to be the best game of the year so far.Then we spoke about it and I started to have a few doubts.Different devs, the only thing I know them from is Ratchet and Clank and I don't even like those games.We don't have the time travelling anymore so what is it what makes life strange in the prequel?One thing was sure, I was going to play it as soon as it released, if it were good or bad.But damn the first episode was just amazing and I can't wait for the next.Now I do have a few things I noticed which I didn't really like.The first thing is the animations that are something like glitching a little, especially when changing cameras, it's only a few milliseconds but I can notice it, I've seen it too on Twitch streams.Some animations look a bit weird too, like how Chloe's dad keeps looking at her for so long in the car, of course he had an accident, he doesn't watch the road at all. Also when Chloe's mom is waiting for you to answer her in the kitchen, she puts her left leg to the front, then right leg again and left and right, every 3 seconds like she has to pee really really bad.The first area we enter in the game and the path leading up to it could have used a little more detail I think.Most games start the game off nice to showcase what they created with the engine, I understand it's the exact same engine as the original game but the first moments didn't really feel like AAA devs made this.Anyway, the first episode is amazing.I do suggest playing the original first even tho this story comes first in time but if you know more about what is going to happen to the characters years later, I think it makes it even better.Great game, worth the price.There's no reason not to try the first episode of the original game, it's free and there's a 98% chance you'll love it and if you do, you'll love this too."
,Recommended,554620,34668071,Posted: 1 September,all,withkittens,"At the level of best episodes of Don't Nod's Life is Strange.10/10, would jump away from the oncoming train again."
,Recommended,554620,34668100,Posted: 1 September,all,Tweedle Dee,11/10 will play again
,Recommended,554620,34738312,Posted: 4 September,all,Razor,You must have this. i swear you will love the storyline. but have you play the first Life Is Strange game ? play it now then play The Prequel. Reccomended.
,Recommended,554620,34738207,Posted: 4 September,all,JÜNKO,"not bad... was hoping for a sequel and mabye a short prequel film around 45 mins long to show a little more insight to chole and rachael's past. I think the original company has worked on another game that costs like £40, but I really wished that they had worked solidly on making life is strange 2 or LIS ""after the storm"".having to make decisions in the game is kinda good but you cant change the outcome becuase its already happened.overall pretty decent, looking forward to the other episodes and hopfully a sequel if that ever happens."
76561198031315465,Recommended,554620,34738210,Posted: 4 September,all,Maay,"Aargh ! Hella game ! Again !Slow to start, slow to get used to the new voices, and Max, I miss you so much... but damn... I got hooked, again !I need Episode 2 now ! pleaaaaase !"
76561198074229592,Recommended,554620,34658249,Posted: 1 September,all,Josh_BP,"This wait for new episodes is gonna hurt. 11/10 Recommend to anyone,I see Humans but I see no Humanity.CAUSE AND EFFECT"
,Recommended,554620,34739059,Posted: 4 September,all,GlennRH,"I really enjoyed the original Life is Strange, but was a bit worried about the announcement of a prequel by a new dev team, with different voice actors... But it turned out, I didn't need to worry. Also, playing as Chloe is a blast, especially if you take every opportunity to be a badass."
,Recommended,554620,34758419,Posted: 5 September,all,Vardo,"To be honest, Life is Strange is the only game which goes deep into my heart and generally to the emotional state of every people. I thought Before the Storm was going to be a disappointment but wow, square enix at its' best. I really loved the first episode and am definitely looking forward to the other 2."
,Recommended,554620,34758412,Posted: 5 September,all,Mouse0ver,"Right from the start it's kinda cringy; like why is there bouncer for a underground band? whatever... The relationship between Chloe and Rachel seems to be a forced romance, I felt I had to tip toe around instigating a full blown make out session. Short game play for the first chapter, but I  hope the second chapter comes out soon and redeems the prologue."
,Recommended,554620,34750811,Posted: 4 September,all,Mrbuddyoldpal,"The best game I’ve played in a long time: and it’s just the first episode! This game took what the previous one did and only made it better. From the graphics and animations to the storyline to the intrigue. It makes me not want to move from my computer throughout it all. It makes me want the next episodes to come out right now. These next two episodes are only going to make it even better with more emotions, story, and intrigue!"
,Recommended,554620,34752169,Posted: 5 September,all,Milk,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,554620,34752240,Posted: 5 September,all,Sour Lemonade,One of the best D&D simulators.
,Recommended,554620,34752348,Posted: 5 September,all,CherryTheAce,Really Good
76561198065698513,Recommended,554620,34750074,Posted: 4 September,all,azwarior,"The story already seems as interesting as the first game. While the feel of the game almost seems to be the polar opposite of the innocence the first one held at first, the story has just as much of a hook as the first. I am very eager to see where the future episodes take the story.  It was easy to get hooked with the first game, and already seems easy to get hooked with this one. The ability to control time would be great though."
,Recommended,554620,34682284,Posted: 2 September,all,Abustarex,The F12 simulator.
76561198037339812,Recommended,554620,34743068,Posted: 4 September,all,Glowing  Man,Expected to be disappointed but suprisingly I really wasn't and am actually cravin more of it almost as much as I did after Episode 1 of LiS.
,Recommended,554620,34742767,Posted: 4 September,all,Cenniy,"Very enjoyable. I like the backtalk mechanic as it suits Chloes aggressive and angry nature, and it makes dialogue far more interesting. Plus who doesn't love a good roast.Lots of throwbacks (or throw forwards I guess?) to the first game, explaining the story and giving the first game more context and substance.I liked it when the Prescotts donation to the arts was brought up as a not-so subtle nod towards the events that happen in LIS.Overall, I enjoyed this game, and I'm looking forward to the rest of the remaining two episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34742772,Posted: 4 September,all,Neo,"Kudos to Deck Nine and Daughter! A job well done! Life is Strange was praised for its awesome narrative and Great soundtrack. I didn't know what to expect from this one, Episode 1 felt short but was a roller coaster of emotions! The music so different yet felt familiar and great. can't wait for episode 2!"
76561198069158576,Recommended,554620,34741562,Posted: 4 September,all,Sum2k3,"It may not be Life is Strange, but it is a great story for the first episode."
76561198117017961,Recommended,554620,34740854,Posted: 4 September,all,Sakura,Best game ive ever played!! you get so attatched!This should be  made into a Netflix series
,Recommended,554620,34742596,Posted: 4 September,all,Mr. Skeltal,"Hella good. I like Chloe's new VA, she fits the ""younger Chloe"" aspect well.D9 did a decent job recreating the LiS style in Unity as well."
,Recommended,554620,34741470,Posted: 4 September,all,Fell Presidenté!,"Wasn't sure how they were gonna make this work without the whole ""Rewind time to fix a situation"" puzzle scheme that LiS originally had, but so far I have been blown away by Before the Storm.The sheer amount of feelings throughout, the little shout outs to the original game and the threads you can see being tied together for what happens in the original game makes this a winner.Plus the first episode has an absolute ♥♥♥♥ ton of gameplay in it well justifying the price for all three! (Haven't got access to the deluxe bonus episode yet but I have faith!)"
76561198345706057,Recommended,554620,34741071,Posted: 4 September,all,Arrin Snyders,"So, without a doubt this game did not immerse me right from the start as much a LiS did, but I don't think that's Deck Nine's fault. To be honest even Dontnod will probably have a hard time even matching (let alone surpassing) what they did with LiS because the managed to set the bar hella high right from the very beginning.That said, this game is clearly cut from the same cloth as LiS and there are some genuenly intense moments. The only thing I can really complain about is the pacing. Compared to LiS it's just a bit too fast. Part of the strength of LiS was how it slowly and subtly drew you in to the world until you realized it felt as real as real life. This is close, but just not quite.Despite that however I have no regrets about buying this game and I look forward to seeing the next episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34764093,Posted: 5 September,all,Holty,"The first episode starts as strong as the first in the original game. The backtalk mechanic is fun, and using WASD it select dialogue and other actions I have found to be more comfortable than using the mouse from the original game. The different voice actors are not a big issue for me personally, Chloe's new voice actor has done a good job. The atmosphere, graphics and soundtrack are just as good as the original game. I also like how the objectives are written on Chloe's hand, its a cool feature and one that fits her character. Is this as good as the first Life is Strange game? We shall find out soon, but its pretty good at the moment."
,Recommended,554620,34775627,Posted: 6 September,all,m0sifer cs.money,"Don't be worried about the new company, writers, director, or voice actor. It's the same Life is Strange made with just as much love as the old one."
,Recommended,554620,34767847,Posted: 5 September,all,voidthevoid,"<3 buy it, experience it, feel all the feelings, enjoy the ride, it's an extraordinary ride. One i will revisit many times over my lifetime. I love everything about it. Give me all the episodes right naow! pls! =].""Where will I go?When the only home I've known is ashes nowHow will I know when the only love I'm shown is so changeable?How do I grow then, when I've been alive for the best part of my lifeFeeling aloneFeeling alone with youWithout youWith youWithoutWith youWithout youWithWithout you""Dreams of william, DaughterI've had it on repeat for hours now, i can't stahp! I'TS HELLA AWESOME! =]"
,Recommended,554620,34774724,Posted: 6 September,all,Baba Ganoush,"So far after the first episode i love the game :DStoryArtstyleDetailsAestheticsSoundtrack, etc.Everything is perfect except poorly executed conversation at some parts.Other than that, This game fills the void left after completing LIS original very succesfully.Thanks ''Deck nine'' for this.Tho it's pretty sad to realise that this is the last time we hear from Chloe, Max, Rachel and many more ;("
76561198041378680,Recommended,554620,34787504,Posted: 6 September,all,Sel,"This game totally changed my mind about some Life is Strange...Some ''determined'' ideas I had are gone and new ones replaced them. It's as good as first game and I know these 3 episodes will make me cry again.Amazing game, cool story, good beginning, nice characters. Chloe Hella Price is back...I'm happy. I've been a gamer since I was 3 or 4 years old, (23-24 years ago) I have my special favorite games list...and this one is on the top. It has been the only game that ever made me cry.Too emotional, lovely. Enjoy the game as I do!  I recommend it if you love nice deep stories."
76561198020519642,Recommended,554620,34787512,Posted: 6 September,all,Dodge,"As someone that played the first LiS, I highly recommend this so far, the story is good, it does a good job showing how Chloe is dealing with things, and came up with it's very own fun twist on gameplay! Also the water is hella shiny.For anyone worried about the voices, they dont feel that off for me, you can definitely tell in some spots, and if you compared side by side, no doubt you could notice, but by no means does it ruin the game, it has plenty to offer.Only a few cons I can think of, which are by no means deal breakers:Textures, look a bit lower res(even on Hella, fire is especially noticable) than LiS, but I imagine it's due to the engine switch and optimization.Cameraalso feels a bit too close in some spots, but then again, maybe i don't remember this being a minor problem in the original LiS.Overall, good game so far, love the music, and the first episode was definitely a decent length if you take the time to get the graffiti and explore everything in the world, much longer than I expected."
,Recommended,554620,34786658,Posted: 6 September,all,G•H•O•S•T,YEEES!!I love it!Getting to know what happened before the first LiS feels really good and i hope the next Episodes will be mindblowing.This time the Music is so much better and the Atmosphere is astonishing that i just sat there and listened.A MUST BUY if you love good Story telling Games with amazing Atmosphere and great Music.
76561198029442216,Recommended,554620,34787603,Posted: 6 September,all,Von Alfalfa,"The first time I played Life is Strange, the original, I thought it would be short and I would forget about it shortly.... well..... no way! It became one of my favorite games all time. When I heard Before the Storm would be realesed with different devs, and voice actresses it really lowered my expectations. Well.... I'm glad I was so wrong! Before the Storm retains the hella awesome story and deep characters background of the original game. The story is so darn awesome it gets you into, so that you forget there's different devs and voice actress. Thumbs up Deck Nine, you guys really understand what Life is Strange about. Can't wait for episode 2."
,Recommended,554620,34782832,Posted: 6 September,all,SollieFoto,"So far, yes! Don't need to say anything more! just Yes!"
76561197998090114,Recommended,554620,34781896,Posted: 6 September,all,SK0RRK33P3R,"Episode 1 was fun, art style was awesome. Not as fun as the First Life is Strange. Animations looked a bit stiff imo but all and all its nice revisiting Arcadiabay ;)"
,Recommended,554620,34787071,Posted: 6 September,all,Darekst4a,I am so glad this is back in my life.
76561198087884054,Recommended,554620,34783888,Posted: 6 September,all,Ayakashi,"Awesome game with deep story and atmosphere.A game where you dont want to skip cutscenes, even if game says that you can do it already."
,Recommended,554620,34783754,Posted: 6 September,all,1iNcHeR,"It is amazing.. played episode 1 two times now to see the other choices. You get to see Chloe's perspective now, which is just... Unbelievable... But what I don't understand.. Chloe loves science in this prequel. First game.. When max had to figure out how to blow up the lock to get in principals room... How come Chloe wasn't a science nerd there? all she did was pick locks and be the bad a$$ chick that she is... All I know is.  Fluoride, Uranium, Carbon, Potassium, and um... Uranium."
,Recommended,554620,34783779,Posted: 6 September,all,Designumm,Vary nais
76561198305196176,Recommended,554620,34781930,Posted: 6 September,all,Nevermind,well as expected from dontnod to make such a great gamemy opinion reviweStory 10/10Gameplay 10/10Graphics 10/10thank you for making this gamereally liked itone of bestmy favoritespecial thanks for all who made this great gamebest wishes
76561197974158973,Recommended,554620,34787455,Posted: 6 September,all,Arctic,Just as good as the first one.
,Recommended,554620,34776457,Posted: 6 September,all,Karpet Terbang,"This game is Awesome, love the back stories for Chloe which is very intresting actually and the storymaker make you fell what Chloe actually felt on this game..."
76561198043706058,Recommended,554620,34771917,Posted: 6 September,all,Im Tony,"I haven't been a long term fan of the Life is Strange franchise myself, I only got the first game when it was on the steam sale this summer. But with the little time I've had with the whole universe I have enjoyed it. Before the Storm was a really hyped up game for me because of the fact that you play as Chloe during her time of distress, her Dad's dead and Max has run off. Though I do have a couple of questions that stir in my mind when playing, though nothing major.One that really annoyed me however, was that in episode 1 of the first game. Chloe says that she met Rachel when she was 14. ""Well you never made much effort to find out. I was 14, we were best friends"" But in the game Chloe is 16 and you meet Rachel at the Firewalk concert. Along with this, in episode 3 and 4 of the origionalafter you try to save williamyou see in the photos that fly around that Chloe has a blue strip in her hair on her 16th birthday and that David has already moved in. This is another mess up because in the game as 16 year old Chloe she hasn't dyed her fringe blueas it shows in the photo and in the garage scene you see that David is starting to move in and that he wasn't already there.For the writters of this game, I just want to ask how they came up with such awkward dialouge. I get the awkward dialouge being in Chloe's headand when Chloe is on the train with Rachel or when Rachel is getting dressed in the drama roombut you don't need the awkward dialouge anywhere else, it kind of put me off because I know that Chloe wouldn't say half of them. Some of it actually seems like you felt the quote was empty so you added in pointless sentences to give it more depth, which ruined the quality of the quote. One of them which really got annoyed waswhen you chose the 'something more' option in the JunkyardRachel uses the word exactly back-to-back, granted you've added in the scene where she doesn't and I think that moment suits it better because Rachel doesn't have to say exactly again, it doesn't feel like it's what Rachel would say, judging from the personality I've detected from episode 1. I don't know why it annoys me but in a future update I'd say to get rid of the second exactly... that's all I want because that's all you can really do, since its already in the game, just plays 1/2 the time when I want it to be cut out every time.Enough criticisms now, because I've run out of them, onto the pros of the game.The story itself is a good choice because we get to experience what Chloe was going through when Max has gone, the death of her dad still fresh in her mind and meeting Rachel, who those who have played the origional, know that she was special to Chloe. Just from the first episode I can safely say that I'm genuinely dying for episode 2 and 3 and what they entail. My current theory is that the game will revolve around either Frank and his ""friend"" Damon Merrick or it'll look into who the woman that made out with Rachel's dad was... those are my guesses mainly because they were shown in the end cutscene of the first episode, I didn't quite bother working out what will happen with Principal Wells because in the origional we see him arguing with Mr Jefferson at the end cutscene of the second episode though nothing really happens between the two of them.My favorite scene so far would bethe junkyard scene where Chloe is smashing everything around herthis is because we see exactly what she believes in David, Max, Rachel and even her dad William. I'll be honest the first time I played this scene I cried at the end when she sees the car that William died in half because of Rihanna's performance in showing a girl who's seen a sort of physical concious of her dad and half just for personal reasons. But needless to say it was my first ever game cut scene where I genuinley cried.The music for Before the Storm as well is just perfection in my opinion, yes I know that Deck Nine partnered up with Daugher to make the Score for the game but that's how perfectly fitted music comes from, the origional Life is Strange did well to use existing songs into their game but they always seemed slightly off and maybe the developers felt like that too... but with the music being made specifically for this game it fleshes out the story more like a film, adding this extra layer of what the gamer is supposted to feel at the moment and with the developers working with the artists they can protray exactly what they want instead of finding a compramise with a song that brings probably 70% of what the gamer should feel.I personally enjoy this game, hell I completed episode one 3 times with all of the grafitti on each save for my playstation and nerly 3 times on my PC, I think mainly the game stands out as interesting because there's hardly any other game like it, there are Telltale games but they go off of stories that have a premade lore, with Life is Strange they have the freedom to make the story how they feel like, plus I think if Square Enix and Dontnod push for it, they could make a successful TV series, but people don't like it when games change platform like that because it takes away the emersiveness so it was smart of them not to, but I think Life is Strange could be a good TV series, if they do it right! If memory seves me right it was Jean-Luc Cano that came up with the idea of Life is Strange and I have to tell Jean-Luc that this game and the idea of it is absolutley amazing, I know you won't read this since it'll get lost in the reviews of this game and lost in translation but I sincerely thank you and probably all of us thank you for coming up with the story of Life is Strange.Anyway, I'd rate this game a 9.8/10 because nothing is perfect and can always see improvement but it's a good job"
76561198354411006,Recommended,554620,34777553,Posted: 6 September,all,ktmck6,"The original game hit me on so many emotional levels and the story really captured me and made me feel like a part of it.  Before the Storm has hit all of the same notes for me I've playerd through episode 1 twice already and I am about to do a third to explore all of the options.  playing as Chloe and getting insight into her personal struggles with her family, loss of her father and Max leaving is very intresting.  Chloe is so much different from Max it eally changes the whole dynamic of the game being the punk of Arcadia Bay is a lot of fun.  I feel they did a great job of bringing Rachel Amber to life and making her the character we expected her to be.  the back talk mechanic is a lot of fun to mess with.  Over all I am impressed with the game so far and I am looking forward to the rest of the episodes."
76561198143437742,Recommended,554620,34705958,Posted: 3 September,all,hollowhideaway,"this game caused my computer to crash three times, overheat and almost die forever11/10 would hella give myself a heartattack again"
76561198201965647,Recommended,554620,34696895,Posted: 2 September,all,mbuggie42,"Oh Arcadia Bay, how I've missed thee.I'll admit that I was somewhat skeptical when I heard that Ashly Burch would not be reprising her role as Chloe Price but you know what?  After playing the game I have to admit that Rhianna DeVries did a pretty good job of capturing the essence of the character and recreating some of the magic from the original game.  Is this the same Chloe that we know and love?  Yes and no, but that's okay because this is a different game which takes place during a different point in the character's life.  Either way I still adore my rage-filled angsty darling.  The game also managed to get me emotionally invested in Rachel Amber despite knowing her ultimate fate.All that said, this game is not without its issues.  I have to launch it via Steam Big Picture to get my Logitech F710 controller to work properly.  I also had to switch over to using a mouse when selecting Chloe's new wardrobe in order to access the bonus outfits that I got for pre-ordering.   But aside from that?  I love ""Life is Strange: Before the Storm"" just as much as the game which came before it."
,Recommended,554620,34705449,Posted: 3 September,all,Poor Tegga,"no, i'm not crying..... there's sweat in my eyes.... you're the one who crying....."
,Recommended,554620,34705277,Posted: 3 September,all,salvalalve,"It's hard to top DONTNOD's original LiS, but Deck Nine's prequel, at least as of Episode 1, surpasses all expectations (as well as any hangups one may have about the different voice actors and developing studio). This is fantastic, with just as much depth and emotion to the characters that were introduced in LiS. BTS has a different nostalgic flavor that is especially enhanced by the gorgeous soundtrack. If you enjoyed LiS, I'd highly encourage you to give BTS a chance."
76561198058740391,Recommended,554620,34706780,Posted: 3 September,all,Anarcho-Syndicalerro,"I don't write reviews often, so forgive the rather disorganized mess this is going to be.Honestly, I didn't have high hopes for this prequel. I didn't think learning about Rachel Amber would be interesting and I figured everything you needed to know about Chloe was pieced together already. I didn't see much of a point in it. I believed this game would just try to coast on the intimate relationship between Chloe and Rachel and while that relationship is obviously a big focus, it doesn't try to just sail on the gay waves alone.So far we only have episode 1, but the story setup there is spectacular. From seeing Chloe drown her sorrow and abandonment in drugs, parties and alcohol, to learning a little about just who Rachel really is and why the relationship the two of them developed was so important to her. We even get to learn things about Chloe, mostly small things perhaps, but it's nice nonetheless. I don't want to spoil anything, but some of the scenes are fantastic, just as they were in the first game. The music and the scenery blend perfectly to give you the chills, make you happy or make you sad. Episode 1 starts off slow, but gets rolling quickly and by the end you'll have been happy, sad and will probably have more questions than answers. Oh and be sure to check the journal often. Especially during certain scenes."
,Recommended,554620,34705932,Posted: 3 September,all,Damaged Coda,Hella Yes!
,Recommended,554620,34711737,Posted: 3 September,all,Dea~,11/10 not recommended if u can't wait for the next episode...
76561198091311706,Recommended,554620,34710421,Posted: 3 September,all,Anaeyu,Life is strange always been one of my favourite games of all times it is worth the money.
76561198143268287,Recommended,554620,34711201,Posted: 3 September,all,LukeHeadbanger,Hella good game!
76561198178157062,Recommended,554620,34710326,Posted: 3 September,all,Komplex,"If You loved the original LiS, You will love this even more. I was surprised when i saw all of those absolutely perfect face animations. The emotions are more perfectly shown in this game. I love it, i didn't regret when i pre-ordered the Deluxe edition :3"
,Recommended,554620,34709567,Posted: 3 September,all,Kappawaii,Bought the original Life is Strange. Loved it.Bought this game. Loved it.Now let's wait for Life is Strange 2.*waiting*
,Recommended,554620,34709848,Posted: 3 September,all,ShyguytheGamer1,"I understand it has Denuvo in it, but honestly I don't care about that.Besides that, this game is amazing. Deck Nine kept the theme and purpose and vision of the game while still making it a prequel. Daughter really made a great soundtrack as well as an excellent selection of liscensed music that fits the mood of the game perfectly. There are a few flaws with this game like having little to no controller support and the dead zone if you use a mouse. But really if you look beyond that and look at the game, Deck Nine did great with it. Looking forward to the next espisodes.Also: hella high"
,Recommended,554620,34709852,Posted: 3 September,all,-SmoothChaos-,"Dude.. Just get this game...If you had an emotional upbringing, this game hits on so many levels. Down to the soul.If you can connect and feel the pain of others, you can really feel the characters souls.. No other game can make you feel the way that the life is strange series does.10/10."
76561198018041705,Recommended,554620,34709859,Posted: 3 September,all,Happytrigger1,"This game is an absolutely amazing masterpiece! The story itself is intriguing and completly stunning, the characters are well written and the Soundtrack is also so good. The artstyle is really unique and i enjoyed watching the scenery. There is nothing neagtive to say about the game. If you liked the first one you should seriously consider buying the second one aswell."
,Recommended,554620,34709864,Posted: 3 September,all,MaestroRage,"Just finished my first play through and I have just got to say, as soon as the intro music came on, there was no doubt in my mind that I was playing Life is Strange. Dont Nod has done such a great job of not making this prequel feel out of place and I have a tonne of respect for them for that very fact. No doubt I'm gonna be playing this first episode a couple dozen more time until Episode 2 is out. Thanks."
,Recommended,554620,34710485,Posted: 3 September,all,Don't,"I'll skip the introduction and assume that if you're considering this game you've already played the original and know the background.Gameplay is around 5 hours. I took my time and made an effort to get all the graffiti achievements and explore alternate options in Collector Mode.Pros:- Great soundtrack.- A closer look at Chloe Price, Rachel Amber, and their relationship before Max comes back to Arcadia Bay.- Extra outfits for Chloe, if you bought the game as a pre-order or the Deluxe edition and an extra mini episode with Max, at some point in the future. Kind of a double edged sword though, making assets which could be key into DLC.- I enjoyed it.Cons:- No tangible graphical upgrades. Textures are rather low res, even with graphic settings maxed out. Some animation aspects (eyes) are largely overlooked. Strange considering how important that area can or could be.- Virtually none of the original voice actor cast returned for this game. You would think the new developers might want to create some deeper bonds with the old game but not so much in practice.- Minor bug during Nathan & Football Guy encounter. Chloe's self narration audio was played while the two were arguing. Not show stopping, just annoying.- Feels short at 5 hours. I spent around 20 or so hours in the original LiS so maybe I'm off in feeling that this is short.Quibbles:- Ashly Burch, original voice actress for Chloe, was unable to reprise her role due to the organization of a voice actors strike. 	Rhianna DeVries replaces Burch and does a competent job. Burch was involved in the writing of the game.- If you didn't take a chance on a pre-order, which I did, you won't get Chloe's classic outfit, not the Max/Chloe episode, which isn't out yet. Annoying but I doubt this will keep a fan away.Conclusion:- I recommend the game for Life is Strange fans. I enjoyed it and I'm sure other fans will but this game just left me wanting more. Perhaps that's a testament to how enjoyable it is but... I just feel like some heart or gravitas is missing here. I'm hoping the future episodes flesh things out more and make the world feel whole and more engaging."
76561197970609628,Recommended,554620,34710663,Posted: 3 September,all,Budoshi,"i like it its truly a LIS game it plays the same feels the same  make you go through  all shorts of emotion  BUT i liked just a bit less then the first one, as its very pointing you to like rachel   without spoiling anything  which ...i dont really like ( rachel) (yet) but who knows she may grow on me and i cant wait to play and see more so thats  a good thing .if you liked the first one grab it it s worth it, if its your first LIS experience i would recommend playing the first one first, its gonna be easier i think to understand everyone better and chloe the main protagonist way better."
,Recommended,554620,34710760,Posted: 3 September,all,Noir77,As perfect as the first game.
,Recommended,554620,34710801,Posted: 3 September,all,TheFreeman,Life is Strage Before the Storm: Awake-Same dialog system and consequeces as the original.-Didn't have sci-fi elements so is very dialog heavy-The way things are inter-connected is awesome.-Surprising amount of material at this cost.-Has new game mechanic Back-talk that is stressful but fun and rewarding-Brilliantly introduces Rachel's character through clever screenplay-Clever game mechanics are such that they actually affect emotionally-A strong start to a promising sequel!
,Recommended,554620,34701199,Posted: 2 September,all,nauan,when does the second episode come out? can't wait.
76561198108750081,Recommended,554620,34683509,Posted: 2 September,all,Cozmoloton,"I Really hope Deck Nine reads all of these. I would like to hear feedback from them, myselfThese are my views of the game. This is pretty long, so read at your own risk :PWell done Deck Nine! We all had our worries, but I think you just proved yourselves with this episode. The first video I watched had me pretty worried about everything from the animations to the voice acting and dialog, but I was extremely happy to see all my worries put to rest.First things first: Chloe's voice actor. We were all very skeptical and worried when we found out that a new voice actor was to take the role, especially myself. Comparing the early videos to the finished product, I can happily say that Rhianna DeVries improved and delivered an amazing performance. Obviously she doesn't sound exactly like Ashley Burch's Chloe, but it didn't need to be as the voice acting was able to properly bring Chloe back to life. She used to have Chloe sound like she had a hard time finding to right words to say to the point where she would almost stop in mid sentence (from what I remember), but now it's still there but toned down a lot. The sentence are more fluid, but still retains Chloe's way of speaking. I'm not sure if this was worked on since, and it could just be my mind tricking me after hearing her talk throughout the game, but going by the last video I saw of the garage scene with Chloe and David, it seems like Rhianna's inner voice dialog has improved as well. It no longer sounds like it is trying to ""be"" a thought, but rather Chloe talking to herself for the most part. If anything could be improved on in this aspect, then it would be voice inflection. Every once in a while the thought feels a little.....off. Chloe's attitude is portrayed better too. It doesn't feel like she is trying to sound rebellious now. Either way, the point is, it has improved a lot from the first time I heard it. [EDIT] I took out a critique about tempestuous voice acting. After watching the part again, I realized that I did not remember the scene correctly. Chloe pleading with Rachel to stay was well acted.I would also like to say that Kylie Brown did a fantastic job with Rachel. To be honest, I was really worried after watching the junkyard scene video, but like with Chloe, I was happy to be proven wrong.The dialog between two characters has improved as well. It no longer feels like voice actors taking turns reading from a script. It now feels like they are having a conversation with each other. To kind go along with character interaction, this episode focused on Chloe and Rachel primarily, which is to be expected, with a few side character making small introductions. In the next episode, I would like to see a lot more character development for all the characters.The art direction is noticeably different. It still retains the original's feeling but still manages to give this game its own uniqueness. Your team did a wonderful job at making each place feel very ""lived-in"", with very detailed environments. Posters, graffiti, papers, objects all ""litter"" each environment. In a good way that is. I spent a lot of time just looking around. I only find one repeated graffiti asset in the mill on two of the pillars. I caught you, haha. Still though, I really like when developers give me a reason to take in the scenery.Character animations were executed beautifully. Everything from a character's idle animation to their walking animation. My personal favorite are the facial animations. The eyes and lips to be exact. I love the attention to detail, and this really helped create believable characters full of emotions.I really enjoyed the cut scenes and camera work that was implemented throughout the game. They really made for a very cinematic experience.I think sound design was handled pretty well during this episode. The highlight being the mill scene with the band playing. I do think you use the ""compressed"" sound (as if you are listening through someones phone speakers or from their earbuds) transitioning to ""uncompressed"" high quality sound a little too much. An example of that would be when the campus guard shows you his demo.When it come to the clothing decision and graffiti game play mechanics, I actually enjoyed them. I think one one of my guilty pleasures is character customization; from facial design, to outfits. As for the graffiti, I found myself somewhat looking for places to write on while I was exploring and was always happy when I did. I originally thought of them as things that really did not need to even be implemented, but after playing, I am glad that they were.Okay. Time for some tough love:-I did notice a bug where Chloe's dialog would start twice when attempting to leave an area when I wasn't supposed to.-I think you guys really need to do something about the loading screens. They are very abrupt and almost completely kill the moment. A very good example would be the first dream Chloe has. Any impact that would have had gets cut short when that loading screen appears. There needs to be a better transition to keep the emotion created from the first scene lasting though to the next scene.-I have noticed that Rachel's character model sometimes has ""bug"" eyes. An example of that would be during the drama room scene when she is in costume. It is a little creepy. It was really good though throughout the rest of the game.-In my honest opinion, I think that the relationship between Chloe and Rachel escalated a little too fast. They have, presumably, only known each other for less than a day, and yet Chloe already has feelings for her. My choice ultimately, I know, (to be honest, I kind of felt obligated to pick that response for fear that I would not get the ending I wanted) but as soon as they got on the train you can easily tell there was something there. They looked like they were going to kiss at any moment. This combined with the scene in the junkyard made the whole outcome feel rushed and really awkward, kind of negating the emotional impact that was intended for me. If there was a segment before the party that established Chloe's current relationship with Rachel and what she thought of her, this could help set up the decision that was made in the junkyard scene, and would make it seem less sudden and rushed. [EDIT] After watching the junkyard scene again, I'm a little conflicted with my previous statement. When picking the friendship option, the scene plays out A LOT better. Especially with the reasoning Chloe gives for not wanting her to leave. When picking the other option, the scenes that play out after don't seem to work together well with the lover option. So the tempo rush may have been my fault actually. I might have misinterpreted the train scene as well. Upon watching again, I can see it more as Rachel trying to break Chloe out of her shell a bit. Trying to be extra caring and friendly to make Chloe feel more safe and less uncomfortable.All in all, I enjoyed this episode very much and I believe it was a very wise decision for DONTNOD to give your team the reigns on this project."
,Recommended,554620,34747050,Posted: 4 September,all,Elysium,"I'm not crying, you are."
76561198151012540,Recommended,554620,34747263,Posted: 4 September,all,skullhead3010,i dont know what to say when i played the first episode
76561198163689110,Recommended,554620,34747166,Posted: 4 September,all,warriorwinter,"I loved Life is Strange, so I thought I would love a prequel to my favorite character.I was right.Chloe is a complex character in my opinion, sometimes she's emotional, sometimes she doesn't care but either way you know she's hurting.I know that no matter what I do in this game will not change the outcome in Life is Strange, but it adds more depth to the characters, which might make you regret your choices.I was concerned about the new voice actors and development team, as I loved the originals, but the new ones do just as great of a job. (Also the lip sync and animation isn't as bad but the dialoge is still cringey at points. But it adds to the charm. )I WOULD recommend playing the original LiS first, since I believe playing it will give you a better idea of what's happening in this one.I love this series, for many reasons, and it will always have a special place in my heart. it's beautiful so far, I love it and I still have a crush on Chloe 10/10"
76561198151577020,Recommended,554620,34746540,Posted: 4 September,all,mavez,"Absolutely Brilliant!I was so worried when this was announced and I think a lot fans were too, but they have really done us proud.They have kept the true nature of Life is Strange in all forms, aesthetics, art style, soundtrack, story and gameplay. The mini games were very fun especially playing D&D with steph and Mikey.It's so so good being back in Arcadia Bay! Can't wait for the next episode.The only thing is... I miss Max she is my girl!Roll on episode 2!"
,Recommended,554620,34746907,Posted: 4 September,all,noahstadt,Perfection
76561197977455441,Recommended,554620,34747025,Posted: 4 September,all,dnguyen800,"Well done, Deck Nine. Great choice using Daughter for the score as well."
76561198040254284,Recommended,554620,34747439,Posted: 4 September,all,strahd1969,"an Excellent beginning to the game.  Lots of emotions, learning aobut Chloe and Rachel and how they became friends is exactly what I wanted.Is there some ackward dialogue, yes, but that is part of why I like the original game and this game.It is about discovery of that someone in your life that you need at that moment at that time.  This is what this is about.The minigame dialogue is all Chloe, that is just how she would be.Well Done so far Deck Nine!  Looking forward to Episode 2!!"
76561198034427441,Recommended,554620,34746261,Posted: 4 September,all,Tactiic,"even with a different developer, the same aspects that made me fall in love with the first game are still radiating throughout this game. the different voice actors can throw you off sometimes but its not the worst thing. the storytelling is done so well. and the inability to manipulate time like Max could in the first game makes it much more realistic. all your choices really matter because you can't reverse and change them. first episode brought me to tears and i cant wait to play the next ones."
,Recommended,554620,34746031,Posted: 4 September,all,MelMel,I loved the original game and really enjoyed this prequel. It's fan service but done right.
,Recommended,554620,34760094,Posted: 5 September,all,Deb,I liked the first ep.
,Recommended,554620,34667813,Posted: 1 September,all,Wahngott,"If you liked the first game, you'll love this one.New mechanics are:-Choose an outfit of your style at the start, no big deal though.-Quicktime events in conversations, but with a bar you have to fill to win the argument, of if you choose wrong lose it.-Instead of taking photos as Max, you write some smart a*ss graffiti of your choice on some wall, most of them are prettyfunny too. Or deep. Or both.Graphics mostly the same, couldn't tell a difference.Interactions with mouse and keyboard work over WASD instead of moving your mouse.Goes faster to action than the first game, so much being said."
,Recommended,554620,34759727,Posted: 5 September,all,SrIeLbEeNlT,"As a big fan of the first game, this was everything I was hoping for. I was very worried with a different studio and a different voice actress for Chloe that this game would not live up to my expectations. I was gladly wrong.All the choices feel like they were tailored to Chloe's character at this point in time, where it feels like she's just dipping her feet further into rebelliousness. Excellent music by Daughter. The characterization and story are top-notch, on par with the first game.The ""collector"" mode is a welcome addition to get all of the collectibles. My only real qualm is that, because Chloe lacks time travel powers, you can't easily rewind and see what happens with other dialogue choices. If you want to see how the other choices play out, you need to reload from the very beginning of the scene and play through everything without being able to skip dialogue, or, at worst, restart the whole episode if you went too far and hit a save point. This fits thematically of course, but as a player, I would've liked to be able to make other choices without having to go through everything again. Just being able to skip dialogue in general would help, I think.Overall, the first episode was excellent and I'm greatly looking forward to the next two."
76561198114486589,Recommended,554620,34760402,Posted: 5 September,all,Stranger,when you are edgy af
76561198031011558,Recommended,554620,34765506,Posted: 5 September,all,Prinegon,"In this review I will only review the first episode of LIS BtS, since no other episode is out yet. It will contain as minor spoilers as possible.Now after I played the first episode of LIS BtS I ended up a bit disappointed in the game and my guts tell me, not to recommend this game. The game presents itself well enough and the LIS-feeling from the first part definitely is there, so why does it feel to fall short?The reason would be that in comparison to the first game this one just falls short.- The graphics seem inferior to the first game. Some characters look totally fine (like Chloe), but some models are not consistant. This is especially painful, since Rachel is one of the not-consistant character models, She definitely has some camera angles, where she seems to be a different model completely.Oh, and the character model of Chloe's dad is really bad, too. It still is a pretty game, but it is disappointing, if you feel, that technology has made a step backwards.- While in the first LIS the power of rewinding created a really interesting game mechanic (which was not exploited enough throughout the game), that gave that game an unique feel to it and was able to advance the plot, that meachanic is really missing in this game. They tried to subsitute it with the ""backtalk""-mechanics, but instead of helping the story I feel, it gets in the way of storrytelling. I's a hit- and miss- minigame, where winning the minigame just gets you, what you wanted to archieve, while loosing just leaves you in the same outcome you would have get, if you never tried to backtalk. The worst thing in this minigame is, it is so obvious and not a challange at all to ""win"" it.Look for example at the scene in the first LIS, where you meet Frank at his trailer by the shore. That scene was beautifully set up and depending on what you do in and before this scene the outcome of the scene could have been vastly differentstarting with Frank been shot dead, you been killed or mauled by Pompidou, up to Frank complying to you.I was hoping for the second game to do more of those complex choices, but with ""backtalk"" being a thing I don't see it happening anytime soon.-The plot is completely linear,so linear in fact, that through the last two scenes you don't even have a move-option anymore, but just some multiple choice discussion options.I wanted more scenes like in LIS with Kate, where my relation to her really depends, if I end up in Scene A or Scene B. So far nothing like that can be seen here.-People are not subtile in this game. The characters reactions and emotions seem to be a bit over the top. It's a bit of a missed opportunity, if reaccuring (or preaccuring?) characters only seem to be an overstated version of the character you already know. People could change over the years, especially teenagers, but you won't see someone act a different way, because events would have happend 3 years earlier.All in all I still would recommend this game to others. While all those points above are true, it is a little unfair for LIS BtS, since tbh I would not have compared the game with the first episode of LIS, but with the whole first game. If I try only to look at the first episode of the first game, I'd have to adimt, the first episode was no is not the real memorable part of the first game, it's storytelling really gets strong in Episode 2 and 3. The first episode was there to give a setting but not to tell the tale. And LIS BtS does this job, and it does this job well. As I have written above, it has the vibe of a LIS-Game.*S*P*O*I*L*E*R*Especially the contrast between Chloe and Rachel, each admireing the other for being a rolemodel to the person they want to be, is a beautiful setup. Chloe, being a rebel on the outside, but really longs to be a person who cares, who wants to be a girl her dad would be proud of and feeing robbed by her fathers death - Rachel, being the perfect behaved girl on the outside but really wants to break ties with everything and wants to start a rogue life without responsibilities. It is easy to see, why they instantaneously fall for each other.So all in all LIS BtS has its problems but seems to be promising, while also is not expensive, so that even if episode 2 and 3 fail to deliver, I am sure, I won't regret having bought that game."
,Recommended,554620,34766556,Posted: 5 September,all,Lpfan419,So far so good its awesome to play as chloe can't wait for the other episodes. Totally recommend it along with life is strange.
76561198353244989,Recommended,554620,34647770,Posted: 31 August,all,Bre,"Loved episode one, can't wait for episode 2 and 3."
,Recommended,554620,34647786,Posted: 31 August,all,KiLaCoLa,I've only played the first episode and I'm already loving it. I don't want to wait for the next episodes!
76561198151480181,Recommended,554620,34647787,Posted: 31 August,all,Chaos75,I love this game
,Recommended,554620,34648114,Posted: 31 August,all,SHIRU,g so ho id t
,Recommended,554620,34647721,Posted: 31 August,all,Philodendron-22,This game series keep getting better and better :)... Good work Square Enix making an awsome game for us to relax and enjoyed
,Recommended,554620,34647735,Posted: 31 August,all,Sad Cat,"This game is very, very, very (x100 very) good. I must say it's the best I've ever played or at least on the one line with other best games (for example previous LiS). I've just ended 1st episode and I'm full of emotions. This game made me give a tear already on the middle of the game.Great soundtrack (as always),Great beginning of the story (I should say even better than in the original LiS, in my opinion of course),Great voice acting (I love it a lot),Great graphics, the HELLA great! (I was surprised when I learned that it made on Unity),And also great characters full of surprises, emotions etc.I can say, this game is very close to real life:there is no time rewind, You should shoose the right answer at once, cause of you won't have any chances to correct it, if you don't like it (why I made this as spoiler?).So, you should play this game (especially if you played previous LiS)!11 hella / 10"
,Recommended,554620,34647740,Posted: 31 August,all,PhantomPhoebe,"Already so fascinated by Rachel, hate waiting for another episode though. But honestly, if you enjoyed the original, you probably will love the first episode."
76561198109637575,Recommended,554620,34647652,Posted: 31 August,all,Bond007,Awesome game 5 stars wish it had more chapters  (considering life is strange had 5 chapters and this game only has 3) hope the company creates more stories with characters
,Recommended,554620,34647668,Posted: 31 August,all,TaZer,"Man, the first episode was a blast. Really great but i'm sad that this game has only 3 episode."
,Recommended,554620,34647691,Posted: 31 August,all,NoFreeGaming,Best Game 2017 Buy It
76561198054894548,Recommended,554620,34648047,Posted: 31 August,all,SeraphBoiii,ayyy Wine bOyz
,Recommended,554620,34645901,Posted: 31 August,all,DAMN.,Let's not lie. We all had doubts about Deck Nine games and if they could manage to keep up with the hype Life Is Strange created. Even though being skeptical about pre ordering LiS BtS for quite sometime I can happily say I am very glad I did. This game brings the same LiS atmosphere that we all love with better graphics (facial expressions are much more realistic) and perfectly creates a whole different experience playing with a more reckless and outspoken character like Chloe after playing with Max who had a rather introverted character.Overall I can recommend this game to anyone who played and liked LiS and also to people who want to experience the best Story Based game out there along with the first LiS.
,Recommended,554620,34645904,Posted: 31 August,all,[BEW]CoZMIC__--__--,"Well this Is a Prequal to The original Life Is Strange Game and its got a place in my heart. it allways will..With this 3 Part Episodic Game i have played the 1st episode and can't wait for episode 2 and 3 + the bonus Episode.i give this game a 10/10 for proformance and Story, its a good story and Comon.It Chloe.(Hella Yes)I pre orderd The Deluxe Edition and i love it,"
,Recommended,554620,34645913,Posted: 31 August,all,Kana,"Great episode, can't wait for the next one!"
76561198040896091,Recommended,554620,34645918,Posted: 31 August,all,WaterShotOctopus,"I didn't get emotional, you got emotional shut up!"
,Recommended,554620,34645935,Posted: 31 August,all,DelightVII,"LiS BTS is absolutely beautiful; storywise, graphically and a mesmerizing soundtrack. Prepare for the feels. If you are a fan of LiS, you will not regret this one bit. 10/10. It's hella awesome."
76561198001464632,Recommended,554620,34646079,Posted: 31 August,all,Kid Cloudy™,"Alright guys, it finally came out. Life is Strange: Before the Storm. So it's a prequel to the sweet gem of a game Life is Strange by Square Enix. It's choc full of drama, teen angst, romance, and surprisingly only about two or three hella's. In this game SE expands upon the relationship between Chloe and Rachel, two major parts to the first game. The story is really emotional, and pulls you in, but in a different way than the first one. (and of course no time powers) I personally was very interested to solve the missing persons case of Rachel in the first game, and hope that it offers something to uncover similar to that in future episodes. My overall favorite part of this game is definitely the talk back system. 10/10 would own that biker bouncer again. Chloe is Savage level 1000https://youtu.be/cBKOFX30HdM"
76561198106830909,Recommended,554620,34646113,Posted: 31 August,all,Rho,"Thanks to Max and her photo spots I didn't miss a single graffiti, yet. I'll be updating this review with my reaction to every episode.Episodio 1: Dude, WTF just happened?Episode 2:Episode 3:"
,Recommended,554620,34645989,Posted: 31 August,all,Exhaudi,"Hella good musics, images are beautiful and it s full of emotions. But sometime dialogues seem a bit incoherent. Not much but it makes you notice that Dontnod didn't wrote this game. Anyway, the experience is great. Can't wait for the next episode"
,Recommended,554620,34646004,Posted: 31 August,all,Fisher,"Fantastic game i think its better than the first one , it hast at the ending! great game."
76561198064106411,Recommended,554620,34650202,Posted: 31 August,all,pass into the ass,just amazing 11/10
76561198079496382,Recommended,554620,34649991,Posted: 31 August,all,SupMatto |K|,"""Awake"" Review Only (Will Update as new content comes)The game has the same great soundtrack, natural sounding dialogue, and good writing season 1 had. Before the Storm lets you play as a younger Chloe and in this time you really get to know some of the characters a lot better. The most exciting part of the episode is learning about Rachel Amber. She played such a huge part in season 1, but you don't get to see her so being able to interact with her and learn about her is a blast. The V/A kills it as Rachel as well. This is certainly a must purchase for anyone who enjoyed the first."
76561198151820293,Recommended,554620,34649911,Posted: 31 August,all,YanH,"Original 'Life is strange' was best game I've played so far, coz I could really impersonate with Max personality... hence I was really scared what this prequel will be like and if it has same potential for me, but I have to just say that was hella awesome and Deck nine did a good job to jump right back to Arcadia bay. Been positively surprised and will see what will happen next.Yea I miss Ashley Burch and don't like new controlling system but I got used to that. So far this game is worth to play and even Before the storm is more girl-ish for a guy I still love it.. I hella do recommend this game even I didn't wanted to pay for it at first. Sountrack is cool as previous game and as developer I hate Unity over Unreal but game looked nice and had no chance to rant on engine :) Can't say if it has same replay potential as Life is strange tho (I played original game many, many times already :)"
76561198061910792,Recommended,554620,34647384,Posted: 31 August,all,Emo Taylor Swift,Episode 1 was very good. I am incredibly exctied for episodes 2 and 3. They honestly can't come soon enough.
76561198053776949,Recommended,554620,34648213,Posted: 31 August,all,Mae Borowski,"I'd say play this one before playing the first one, mostly because in this game you get to know Rachel and grow a bond with her, which would make the whole story of trying to find her in the first game much more personal."
76561198089743292,Recommended,554620,34648217,Posted: 31 August,all,Detective Baby Legs,to good for words
,Recommended,554620,34648179,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr .Waggles,the first one  is better but this   one  is great  too
,Recommended,554620,34650358,Posted: 31 August,all,La Legitime Reine,"I played the first game and absolutely loved it. However, and I don't know if I'm the only one having this problem, it crashes very very frequently and only with certain choices and actions. From what I did play before growing frustrated, it was really cool."
76561198105066832,Recommended,554620,34650369,Posted: 31 August,all,kraang97,Deck Nine knocked it out of the park. One of the best written prequel stories I've witness thus far. Bring on episode 2!
,Recommended,554620,34649702,Posted: 31 August,all,Kydrang,Play as a Elf Barbarian! 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34649750,Posted: 31 August,all,Meesh,Decent so far. Retains the characters and charm of the original. Has some cute sequences. Fans of the original will like it.
76561198065586283,Recommended,554620,34650421,Posted: 31 August,all,Sebshep,"I was actually worried i wouldn`t like this game, with the voice actor change`n all.BUT. its really good!the feelings are intense with this one. in the spirit of the original game with a good touch of chloe price :) 10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34650383,Posted: 31 August,all,EternaLEnVi~,It's hella awesome
76561198034125759,Recommended,554620,34649283,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr Pig,"Yes i recommend this game,hellayes!"
,Recommended,554620,34649027,Posted: 31 August,all,eqquinox,Amazing to have this game continue the feels train and amazing story.
,Recommended,554620,34649044,Posted: 31 August,all,Darkmaer,"Deck Nine, bravo!! I was a little worried because it wasn't dontnod nor would Ashly Burch reprising the voice of chloe.So far just playing the first Episode, I wasn't sure what I was really going into besides getting to learn about Chloe and Rachel's relationship. I had plans of reacting with Chloe, how she was in LiS, I was suprised I started out that way, but drastically changed gears. Chloe to me is a little more different then in LiS, I have a feeling that the more closer we get to the end, Chloe, will see events unfold more that turn her into what we know in LiS (my opinion)The backtalk feature is a nice mechanic to replace the rewinding the time. Makes it feel more interactive, I also like that the choices you make are really the choices you make. No going back.I also fell in love with the fact that you can have a little D&D session in the game, so great.HIghly recommend the game if you have any doubts. This is just as good so far as the original, in fact unlike the first one, they will get the tears flowing sooner then the first if you are prone to crying.Go buy it, you'll love it."
,Recommended,554620,34649049,Posted: 31 August,all,امتي قد لاح فجر,exceptional work! 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34649087,Posted: 31 August,all,NoMoarMilk,"At first, I was worried about the new voice actress for Chloe. Then, I hopped in the game, and fell in love with Chloe all over again. Life Is Strange has always been and will always be my favourite game ever. And this prequel doesn't dissapoint, The emotions I felt in the first game were intense second only to this game. I feel so close to Chloe like I'm actually there with her, every step of the way. I feel a personal connection with her. My friends even tell me I'm exactly who Chloe Price would be if she were a real person. My name is even Amber, which is hella awesome. Though i digress. I had very high expectations for this game, and I've been blown away. And only the first episode is out (at the time of this writing). I can't wait for more! I'll be anxiously waiting for more. (And I'll be terrified, because I'm in hella huge trouble with those druggies)"
76561197988510453,Recommended,554620,34649105,Posted: 31 August,all,Sheep Lord,"I love that the videogame industry can now make dynamic high school dramas.  This is a kind of story that I don't believe has ever been put in the video game medium before.  As of writing this, only the first episode has been released, and it was wonderfully written and emotional."
,Recommended,554620,34649055,Posted: 31 August,all,punintended,Hella Angst 10/10
76561198207441003,Recommended,554620,34648893,Posted: 31 August,all,GirlOnAshTreeLane,"Now, I was a massive fan of the first game. And if you enjoyed it, you will probably enjoy Before the Storm. Though the dialogue is a bit clunky in the beginning, BtS makes up for any occasional misteps in the complex characterization, beautiful design, thoughtful descsions, and some interesting new mechanics.Pros:-""Back talk"" is a new mechanic, meant to replace rewind, adding intense mini dialogue sections to navigate, and it actually works well.-Cloe's new voice actress has excellent range, even if it takes a bit to adjust ot the new sound.-The story isn't interested in just showing what we already know about Rachael and Cloe, or simply filling in backstory. It goes in a different direction.-The writing, for the most part, is clever, and on point.-Whoever designed the visuals of the game is brilliant, with plenty of fantastic and breathtaking moments.-The new characters that have been introduced seem interesting and complex.-And yes, Rachael Amber is awesome, but not perfect, which is important.-There are also some nice mechanical touches, such as using WSAD to select actions rather than the awkward drag to select in the originalCons:Again, sometimes Cloe is a bit awkward in her angst, and the attempt to make her sound ""cool"" fails.On occasion, the inclusion of characters from the main game seems forced, as if they are trying to do a role call. However, generally it feels more like a reference than a forced inclusion.Obviously, it's hard to tell at first blush, and there are still two episodes to go, but at the moment it seems that BtS does a good job actually adding to the fiction of LiS and retaining it's themes while having it's own distinct atmosphere and additions to the gameplay."
76561198043788512,Recommended,554620,34648984,Posted: 31 August,all,Lord Daniel,Just finished the first episode and it stole my heart again. Now what do I do now?How do I continue my life?
,Recommended,554620,34651084,Posted: 31 August,all,Zamorra de Montagne,"Pretty nice prequel. Chloe is different to Max, so there is less mystery more badass. I liked it a lot and look forward to the other parts.Its good to visit the known places and get a fresh look with the new engine.Music is great, voice acting is ok and the game time is pretty decent compared to other games of the genre."
,Recommended,554620,34650850,Posted: 31 August,all,_✪Lombax,This game deserves all the awards it has earned. Lots of emotion and challenges you to make the right choices but with  every choice there will be consequences. The first episode had me in tears cause i have to wait for the next one now. *Highly advised to play the original LiS to get the best experience*
,Recommended,554620,34790481,Posted: 7 September,all,Sickbubble,"I love it, I did notice the graphics were p bad (I had my graphics on hella high btw) and you needed a higher performance to be able to run the game above 30fps even with low graphics but if that doesnt effect you, I would reccomend it, it's amazing"
76561198087935483,Recommended,554620,34790773,Posted: 7 September,all,バルキリー,even more good than 1st one.
76561198346366884,Recommended,554620,34773673,Posted: 6 September,all,Kome le Duc,my controller couldn work for this one but had been working perfectly on the ooriginal lis game
,Recommended,554620,34773499,Posted: 6 September,all,Mahde,I Highly Recommend this game
,Recommended,554620,34774844,Posted: 6 September,all,GaMerrrGrrrrlllxDDDd,I like this game a lot
,Recommended,554620,34774874,Posted: 6 September,all,FxB479,Stil hate the fact that its a prequel. However so far so good.
,Recommended,554620,34775115,Posted: 6 September,all,Uhohhotdog,"I wasn't expecting great things when I originally heard about this but the developers did a really great job.  The emotion you felt in the first game is back.  If you enjoyed the first Life is Strange, definitely pick this up.  Well worth it. 10 out of 5 stars."
76561197997890472,Recommended,554620,34774635,Posted: 6 September,all,Alewx,"Just like Life is strange the original, after 5 minutes you forget that you ever left the game."
76561198165650900,Recommended,554620,34774237,Posted: 6 September,all,unoo,I'm crying.........
76561198061718350,Recommended,554620,34717013,Posted: 3 September,all,THEOFIGHTER,"Life is Strange Before the Storm is hella good and even better,  just like LIS season 1,  with the add of new characters, a new amazing soudtrack by Daughter,really good voice actors,a revisit of Arcadia Bay and gay panic attack, so hella amazing  <3"
76561198108267131,Recommended,554620,34766700,Posted: 5 September,all,VITAMIN COCK WATER,"Okay. So. Let me start this review off by saying I am a die hard LIS fan. I played the first game multiple times just to explore every single possible option out there for the original. So I will be very straight forward and blunt about Before the Storm. Before the storm does not feel as, natural I guess as the original. Not at all. Also the end of the first episode did not leave me with the same anticipation or excitement as the original did after each and every episode. Before the Storm feels almost, kind of forced in a way. And the character building seemed very awkward and clunky. The way Chloe builds relationships feels  very, again forced and unnatrual. You almost feel as though you have no true say in what you do, as if all of it turns into the same outcome. Even plenty of dialogue options only have 2 options. not 3 or 4 much like the original. However. The game still does have some charm. I dont want to call this game worse than the original simply for two reasons. It isnt the same game, we all have personal preference, and this game simply just went for a different vibe due to the fact you play as the rebellious chloe price vs innocent max. And the second reason. It simply is not finished yet. We have only seen the very first episode. So no one should say the game is a total flop yet. Overall, if you played the original, you should get it. If you played other games such as TWD telltale series and enjoyed it also defineintly get it. However i would get the original first for sure. But reasons to not get it, simply if you dont like story motivated video games, dont get it."
,Recommended,554620,34766711,Posted: 5 September,all,DrPurple,"Is it as good as the original? No. But that would have been a lot to expect from anyone. Is it good on its own? Most definitely. The soundtrack is great, the graphics give the same ""ugly but charming"" feeling as the first one, and the voice acting is perfect through most of the episode. Some have said it's a pity we actually get to meet Rachel, as she was acting as a ghost figure in Life is Strange, but here the devs have very cleverly replaced her with Max, whose not seen but mentioned lots of times. Narratively speaking, it really works and also gives new insights about Chloe, which is the whole point of the prequel. The backtalk thing isn't as good as time traveling, obviously, but it's still fun; the whole ""paperish"" aesthetics and the diary/phone interfaces have been kept, which I think is great, and other than that, it's a perfectly enjoyable storyline for anyone who's into the genre. Speaking as a hardcore fan of the original Life is Strange who first launched this episode very skeptically, I can say this: Deck 9 pulled this off, and they better not screw it up with the next one."
,Recommended,554620,34767267,Posted: 5 September,all,snowyowl,10/10. I'll leave the rest of the comments to tell you how amazing the story in this game is.
,Recommended,554620,34770343,Posted: 5 September,all,Schekhovtsov,+ Интересное переосмысление Life is Strange+ Отличный саундтрек+ Новая механика в диалогах
,Recommended,554620,34770902,Posted: 6 September,all,k L y auf Alarmbereitschaft,"Straight one of the best story-based emotional games out there, bois."
,Recommended,554620,34642831,Posted: 31 August,all,Crazy Koala â„¢,Love the that game
,Recommended,554620,34642872,Posted: 31 August,all,tumi,"This game is awesome, but quite unoptimized"
,Recommended,554620,34643731,Posted: 31 August,all,123,"had low expectations for this, but it turned out pretty good. its funny and the animations for chloe are far surperior to any animation they had in life is strange 1. The voice acting is good, even with the abscence of ashly burch. still no forced homosexuality, which is good, but u know the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fanbase playing this game will eat that♥♥♥♥♥♥up"
,Recommended,554620,34644127,Posted: 31 August,all,Negationix,"Chloe Price, tearing through the Arcadia Bay, what's there not to like?The game started much faster than Life is Strange and didn't waste time. Sure, there's over-arcing story that probably doesn't change, but at the same time there's plenty of things that you can do or choose not to do. I especially liked the back talk mechanic where I could just verbally lash out and show the world what I thought of it."
,Recommended,554620,34644154,Posted: 31 August,all,Sai,- Chopped off the legs of a wizard- Got impaled by a minotaur- Died as a hero instead of living as a coward.10/10
,Recommended,554620,34643549,Posted: 31 August,all,Talyarin,"Ready your napkins and stuff, we're in for a teary ride."
76561198075904402,Recommended,554620,34643579,Posted: 31 August,all,xJPx15x,"This prequel is amazing, its great to be back with the epic music and atmosphere. If you were a big fan of the first game, then this will be a treat for you. Enjoy"
,Recommended,554620,34643599,Posted: 31 August,all,Dingo,"Even though the story feels a bit boring in the beginning the characters, the settings and the atmosphere feel as authentic as ever."
76561198243046624,Recommended,554620,34643963,Posted: 31 August,all,DJGalaxy!,This is one of the best games i ever played in 2017! This is definitely a must buy like.......HELLA YES!
76561198061465377,Recommended,554620,34643964,Posted: 31 August,all,Redouan,Max is a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,554620,34643966,Posted: 31 August,all,heal me cunt,First episode was neat but doesn't have much of a plot unlike the first
,Recommended,554620,34643989,Posted: 31 August,all,oslo?,Better than the original one. Buy it instantly if you can.
,Recommended,554620,34643995,Posted: 31 August,all,rei depressed,I have a crush on Rachel now ;-;
,Recommended,554620,34643996,Posted: 31 August,all,hellcase.com Nitori,A hella great return to Arcadia Bay.
76561198041164005,Recommended,554620,34644175,Posted: 31 August,all,Ju Ju,"Just got through the first episode. Lovin it! the power of the music with the story is just amazing! This game outdoes itself! Always awesome, beautiful, and im just hooked! cant wait for more to come! keep it coming and release more, i cant get enough!"
,Recommended,554620,34644222,Posted: 31 August,all,AguadeMomo,"I am unbelievably glad to say, that my very high expectations were not only met, but surpassed by miles."
76561198321468679,Recommended,554620,34643618,Posted: 31 August,all,NotKoniec,God damn you onions!!!
,Recommended,554620,34643622,Posted: 31 August,all,Khalasar,"If you enjoyed Life is Strange then you're going to have a blast playing this game. Even though it takes some minutes to get used to Chloe's new voice it somehow starts to blend in with her old voice thanks to the amazing job of Rhianna DeVries. The story they're telling and the whole atmosphere feels very true to Chloe's character and they do an amazing job with showing how Chloe deals with the loss of her late father and Max. I also adore the dynamic between Rachel and Chloe, the developers did a fantastic job with that.All in all the game is splendid and just as intense as it's predecessor game. And don't you worry there's enough lesbian action going on too!"
,Recommended,554620,34643717,Posted: 31 August,all,AntiiHeld,This game exeeded my expectations. I got in the first episode of the prequel the same feelings as in the main title -undescribable! 10/10
76561198139869767,Recommended,554620,34643726,Posted: 31 August,all,TxGAMINGUK,SO GOOD!!9/10 so far
,Recommended,554620,34654985,Posted: 1 September,all,IcyyDingo,10/10
76561198106652105,Recommended,554620,34654553,Posted: 1 September,all,Captain Wolf,"Press Tab and look through the journal entries to cry within the first thirty seconds of gameplay.Yeah, this isLife is Strangealright."
,Recommended,554620,34655637,Posted: 1 September,all,MA.,"I'm not sure how Deck Nine did it, but the chemistry between Chloe and Rachel works from the first scene spot on!Can't wait for the rest of the episodes.Also, I'm not crying."
76561198289893463,Recommended,554620,34655649,Posted: 1 September,all,TheTrollJesus,If you enjoyed the first one this feel's like a perfect extension
,Recommended,554620,34655681,Posted: 1 September,all,Kermit,10/10 gave me crippling depression
,Recommended,554620,34658686,Posted: 1 September,all,Awec,"Story is amazing. Moving without a controller feels really bad, but luckily there is not that much walking around, as around 80% of the game is about dialogues. If you liked the first one, buy this. Whatever you think about Denuvo or DRM in general, ♥♥♥♥ that and buy this."
,Recommended,554620,34656897,Posted: 1 September,all,XiaoWeiXiao,I like it
76561198072045887,Recommended,554620,34658077,Posted: 1 September,all,e133T,"It's great to come back to the Life is Strange atmosphere. Solid game. It kinda lacks the ""bigger things going on"" and mystery of the original game. But hey, it's a prequel and the original story was amazing cuz it was unique and had to be so. 9/10"
,Recommended,554620,34658082,Posted: 1 September,all,navin prithvi,"life is strange was a master piece. I am writing this for the first episode, it is a lot slower than the first game.graphics seems to be better in this. the music isnt as good as the first game . Hope the game gets better in the upcoming episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34658093,Posted: 1 September,all,Smoke,Can´t wait another episode !
,Recommended,554620,34658162,Posted: 1 September,all,chi,finally <3
,Recommended,554620,34658102,Posted: 1 September,all,Benpai,"Episode 1: Thouroughly enjoyed this new experience being able to play as Chloe instead of Max, and the new VA has really done her justice. It's just as goofy and loveable as I remember the 1st game being, and holy crap the ending to this episode was intense as ♥♥♥♥. I am Hella Excited for the next episodes to come out!"
,Recommended,554620,34655377,Posted: 1 September,all,B R A Z Z E R S,"The soundtrack just fits so well into the surrealness of Arcadia Bay !Very glad that Deck Nine was able to maintain the feel of the game, definitely get this if you were a fan of the original Life is Strange."
,Recommended,554620,34655410,Posted: 1 September,all,Mafa Rioch,Hella good
76561198119123385,Recommended,554620,34656012,Posted: 1 September,all,Wastashi NO kukoro,mha hart mha sole
76561198075712007,Recommended,554620,34656048,Posted: 1 September,all,Sperlingsprinz,"When you loved LiS, I guess you will love this one, too. The visual style is just as nice as its predecessors, music absolutely holds up, too. So far, I liked all the detail which went into the game. Even though it technically is a prequel, the nostalgia is strong in this one, though I won't spoil anything.Even though I am not really in touch with Chloe's behavior (never have been...) it is nice to see her again, and I love the opportunities to interact with all the minor characters and Rachel Amber. By god, Rachel had to hold up to alot of expectations since we won't have Max as a character, and so far writing and voice acting has really delivered. I guess we will get just as attached to her. Knowing the fate of many characters beforehand of course makes it kind of sad. But that is what we are looking for anyway, amirite?Regarding game mechanics, BtS does nothing unexpected. You will recognize everything from the get go. However, since rewinding time has been an ability unique to Max, this is not an option here. No second-guessing decisions, lads. They implemented other mechanics, however, and I am looking forward how they will make us use them down the road.TL;DR: If you loved Life is Strange, get it. Like, get in now. N-O-W."
76561198012002638,Recommended,554620,34655922,Posted: 1 September,all,Teysia,"There are two reasons you're reading the comments right now.Eigther you do know LiS, and want to know if this is a game worth your time & money.Or you're not sure about what you're getting into here and want to investigate if you'd like this game.To the former I say: Yes! Absolutly! If you liked LiS, there is a hella high chance you'll like this.To the Later: Do you like ""Choose your own Adventure"" style games? Do you like to partake and experience a strong, emotionally driven narrative? Are you prepared to deal with said emotional rollercoaster, even if it touches on or delves into heavy subjets?If the answer is yes, go for it.If you're still not sure, check out Life is Strange itself. Episode 1 is currently aviable for free and will give you a good impression of the series itself.If the answer is no, this is not a game for you. Especially a no to the last question. Walk away and find something more lighthearted.And just in case anyone is here reading comments after finishing LiS: BtS Episode 1:V. C. is a Bismuth Technetium Hydrogen."
,Recommended,554620,34659132,Posted: 1 September,all,IyoBean,10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10...
,Recommended,554620,34659394,Posted: 1 September,all,Taps,"Loved every bit of it! The music was on spot, it suit the mood in every scene and all in all just smooth and lovely Episode 1. Can't wait for Ep2 + 3!"
76561198158545330,Recommended,554620,34687229,Posted: 2 September,all,mellyzaxx,"really good back story to chole and rachel and much more mini games and things to do in the level, if you liked lis 1 you will love this :)"
76561198108847573,Recommended,554620,34687245,Posted: 2 September,all,】\(•ิ_•ิ\)【,"I have finished the episode 1 and i feel hella sweet and sad on the same time. it's clearly to say that i fell in love this game since the first 5 min of game. The soundtrack ,art design was very excellent and the story was so emotional. For people whom love the life is strange you will love this too because we'll see the begining of the first story game. back to the day when everythings were different. <3 <3 <3"
76561198066037106,Recommended,554620,34671096,Posted: 1 September,all,Rignite,"The definition of a perfect game, literally..It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
76561198056097578,Recommended,554620,34671270,Posted: 1 September,all,BiggieNiggie,"I played dungeons and dragons for 20 minutes, 10/10"
76561198139134907,Recommended,554620,34670986,Posted: 1 September,all,Avarice,"I'm all torn up inside, having just finished episode one of this game.OMFG, they did it! Was having doubts with the change of studios (from DONTNOD to Deck Nine) plus it being a sequel (which IMHO for the most part turns out worse than the originals they're based upon). So with these apprehensions in mind I was just blown away by the sequel to one - if not THE - best point & click adeventure games I have ever played. And I've been playing adventure games ever since The Secret of Monkey Island came out, back in 1990, and have pretty much tried ever since to play the bulk of adventure games available.It is a beauty to behold when just everything clicks - feel, story, music, voice acting, dramaturgy, graphics, game play. Every department have excelled in making this title the best there is in point & click adventure games.If you're new to point & click adventures and want to experience the best there is I totally recommend you picking up this title as your first game. Of course this is released after Life is Strange but as it's being a prequel you could absolutely play this one before Life is Strange without any spoilers [at the time of writing only episode one is released].And, regardless of genres, if you like story rich and emotional dramas, Twin Peaks, Folly and the Hunter, Juno, Daughter, teenage rebellion, Fü€%!ng Åmål - pick this one up! You will definitively not regret it."
76561197996137708,Recommended,554620,34673037,Posted: 1 September,all,Ōkami to Kōshinryō,"As of right now, only the first episode has been released. I played through the entire episode, reading every single note and poster, and I'm slightly impressed by the game. It is natural to compare it to the previous game 'Life is Strange'. In my opinion, 'Life is Strange: Before the Storm' is as good as the previous game if not better. It feels a lot more refined so far and the dialogue is less cringy. There is one drawback with this game in my opinion: They replaced some of the voice actors from the previous game 'Life is Strange'. I got used to the new voices of the characters, but it was strange at first. Would highly recommend this game to those who love interactive story games with a good story, good dialogue and great characters."
76561198224310040,Recommended,554620,34672687,Posted: 1 September,all,lord of fur,Thhis is filling in a lot of gaps!
,Recommended,554620,34673790,Posted: 1 September,all,SomeKindaStoner,"Well, so far, I love it.  I was skeptical when I heard about this being a prequel, cause I was wondering how they would incorpoprate the rewind/time skewing property of the game.  Playing as Chloe is pretty awesome, I love it.  I was a HUGE fan of the first game, and feel that they did a great job with this one, especially since it is not dontnod doing it.  Instead of taking pictures like Max did in the first game as collectibles, you draw graffiti on places, in hidden areas.  This fits Chloe's character to the T.  I love that.  It is unfortunate that they had to change the voice actress for her, but it doesn't at all bother me.  Seeing Rachel Amber alive is pretty cool too.  Frank is thrown in the mix as well.  We will probably see some more characters from the first game.  If you were a fan of the first game, this is a no-brainer to own.  I bought the deluxe version, because I look forward to playing the bonus episode, where we get to be Max again.  Plus, Chloe extra bonus outfits are hella cool!!  LOVE LIFE IS STRANGE.  <3"
76561198055088413,Recommended,554620,34673743,Posted: 1 September,all,⛧Foxy⛧,Speechless.
76561198107048716,Recommended,554620,34673716,Posted: 1 September,all,craftcake,"Deck nine did a great job at keeping the feel out life is strange, but i wish they could have keep chloe's voices actor the same"
76561198154041492,Recommended,554620,34674421,Posted: 1 September,all,TheCrow,"Game itself is amazing. Usually not hopeful for sequels or rather prequal in this cause to be quite as good as the first for a variety of reasons. Absoulutely fell in love with the characters in the first game, especially Chloe so its nice to play in her shoes and be able to see more of her back story. However I had the urge to give a negative review, not because I am not satisfied with the game or anything such as that; it is because of the episode based releases. Ya ya i know the first game was no different in that aspect but the length of time is unexceptable. Might be wrong but if I recall correctly the first game had a span of 1 month between episodes. That I can be somewhat okay with but  “aiming for about 8-10 weeks between episodes. As such, expect the next episode to drop towards the end of October or start of November."" If this is the case Deck Nine Entertainment f**k right off. By the time each new episode is released ill have to go back and play the previous one to get all my facts straight. Small piece of advice Deck Nine, its the 21st century people dont have the patience to wait that long."
76561198019964187,Recommended,554620,34674394,Posted: 1 September,all,Feuer_Frei,Hella amazing! 10/10
76561198036732153,Recommended,554620,34674415,Posted: 1 September,all,Proxy,"Was looking to buy a game, saw this and instantly bought it~do not regret it :)"
,Recommended,554620,34674451,Posted: 1 September,all,Zesky/G,I cannot believe they did it again.Absolutely fantastic.10/10
76561198008043204,Recommended,554620,34668844,Posted: 1 September,all,Ylthan,"Holly crap and now we have to wait for episode 2...Gonna be a long time without you Chloé, come back soon!"
76561198147599459,Recommended,554620,34668858,Posted: 1 September,all,TotalNastyGamer,"This game is too good, I would recommend to buy this game along with it's predecessor. Just a quick warning, when you finish the first episode you won't sleep a couple of weeks because you're to hyped to play the next episode. Wich wil be comming out in approximately two months.Fml..."
76561198351913848,Recommended,554620,34668409,Posted: 1 September,all,Jazzy Potato,ok one thingi have never seen nathan prescott or victoria be kind of nice and its so weird
76561197962104880,Recommended,554620,34668655,Posted: 1 September,all,Merciless Minnow,"I really enjoyed the first episode. Felt like you got a good look into Chloe, and fun to see what Rachel is all about. If you liked the first one, chances are you will really like this one as well. Not regretting buying this at all."
,Recommended,554620,34668657,Posted: 1 September,all,Nakano Azusa,Rebellious girl adventures I like this game.
,Recommended,554620,34650989,Posted: 31 August,all,LikeableGuy,BEST GAME FOREVER!!! GREAT WORK Deck Nine!!! :) 10/10+
,Recommended,554620,34669119,Posted: 1 September,all,HammyTheShark,"First of all, this is before any of the events taken in Life is strange, and that is amazing! We get to actually met Rachel, the girl Chloe gushed about to Max! This is the hidden story behind their friendship and everything! Through out life is strange, you want to meet this Rachel that Chloe was searching for, the missing person. But we get to see everything, who she is, how she acts, the way she affected Chloe. Do you need to play life is strange before this? No, not really. This is like the side quest, to dwel yourself into the time Max was in Seattle and how Chloe felt during that time. With only one episode out, I was already finding myself clutching my chest in sorrow, the story telling so far hits spot on."
,Recommended,554620,34672969,Posted: 1 September,all,Λlice,This game is AWESOME!
76561198039352174,Recommended,554620,34672979,Posted: 1 September,all,Darth_Xeno,"No spoilers: Having played Life is Strange extensively, I feel this was a good start to a different chapter. At first, the lack of time control can almost make you feel rushed, as your choices seem (and are) more final. But once you get used to Chloe's bombarding tactics it's actually plays well. Having said that, time reversal made the the first game's choice system what it was, so we'll see how this one plays out. The dialouge is not bad by any stretch, but falls flat on occasion, but of course there is your character's internal voice who literally says everything they think to the point of stating the obvious, which is common in episodics. Episode 1 has proven not to be a flop, and would recommend to any fan of the first game.Minor spoilers: It's good to see characters again, such as Frank, who actually has an amicable reaction to Chloe as opposed the to the first game, and even Nathan is his primordial state. Rachel and Chloe's friendship seems very believeable and un-forced, mixed with awkward teen moments and some very real bonding. As far as choice goes, I'll have to see what my 2nd playthrough yields, but as with the first one most choices won't actually matter, you will end up in the same place. It's all about taking the path you want. Episodes 2 and 3 will really show how choices matter, as with the first. Life is Strange was a game that went from 0 to 100 real quick, and it had 5 episodes. Before the Storm is already speeding up, and I can't wait to see what happens next."
76561198089882497,Recommended,554620,34673001,Posted: 1 September,all,Southpaw,Hop on the feels train again :')
,Recommended,554620,34673357,Posted: 1 September,all,The Wayne Show,Words can't describe how hella good Life Is Strange is. I will never forget this franchise.
76561198117017258,Recommended,554620,34673625,Posted: 1 September,all,asekula12,This first episode is awesome! It kinda starts off slow but  towards the end it gets STRANGE . I love it! Please hurry with episode two!
,Recommended,554620,34673638,Posted: 1 September,all,{Pennywise | The Dancing Clown},The first Episode is aready very good. Im wating now for the next one.
76561198328141415,Recommended,554620,34673432,Posted: 1 September,all,Chadly Kence ◢ ◤,nice
,Recommended,554620,34673461,Posted: 1 September,all,⎛⎝Minariii⎠⎞,"Life is strange ';,,,;'"
,Recommended,554620,34673483,Posted: 1 September,all,Smol Raccoon,"that train part, such gay good job"
,Recommended,554620,34668634,Posted: 1 September,all,Herbalist,Buy this
,Recommended,554620,34668183,Posted: 1 September,all,ITS J0K3R oO,Hella! Chole is BACK!!!
76561198057019458,Recommended,554620,34668580,Posted: 1 September,all,Aleksi4,Best story based game i've ever played. 6/5
,Recommended,554620,34668774,Posted: 1 September,all,Xorie,"Wow, just wow"
,Recommended,554620,34668050,Posted: 1 September,all,Addam☭,"HUN:Igaz hogy ez még csak az Episode 1 de már most tele van az egész történettel,érzelmekkel és sok mindent tudunk meg magáról Chloéról.Nagyon átadja a tipikus Life is Strange érzéstENG:I know this is just the Episode 1 buty you alredy have feelings,backstories and much more about Chloe.It gives you the typical Life is Strange feeling."
,Recommended,554620,34674058,Posted: 1 September,all,NEIN NINE NIEN!,Can't wait for next episode. Good Game!
,Recommended,554620,34673174,Posted: 1 September,all,✪ShockinglyCaucasian,just ♥♥♥♥ me up fam
76561198063017715,Recommended,554620,34673825,Posted: 1 September,all,Got Milk ?,Basicly best game ive every played
,Recommended,554620,34673264,Posted: 1 September,all,DigitalRegen,Legit
,Recommended,554620,34673316,Posted: 1 September,all,Literally Bats,Once you get past the new voice for Chloe its great and does justice to the original.
,Recommended,554620,34664317,Posted: 1 September,all,Veksset,Hella yeah!
,Recommended,554620,34664340,Posted: 1 September,all,Aodhan,"Really good game. I felt emotional and connected with characters into this game. It's like Life is Strange except there's trash talking involved to achieve a victory from others. If you lose, you lose.This game reflects on Chloe Price's past before Max moved back. If you understand the backstory about Rachel Amber from Life is Strange, you would only know that she's missing but not given reason why or what happened to her. This episode gives more background and story about Rachel Amber and of course Chloe Price's past as well as I mentioned before.I would recommend to anybody who enjoyed decision making games like Telltale games & returning customers who has purchased the original Life is Strange. There are only 3 episodes here and 1st episode lasted 3 hours on my first playthrough. I feel like it's worth a money to play as a returning customer. This game isn't any different from original Life is Strange, just only displays different character while Max isn't involved in this game. Time rewinding ability is replaced by trash-talking method (because Chloe is a savage and can smack down people with her skills but doesn't have an ability to rewind the time like Max do)The music is very immersive and good if I forgot to mention."
76561198067122643,Recommended,554620,34664106,Posted: 1 September,all,Caustin99,"First episode was great can’t wait for the next, it was useful that you can go back and do the graffiti to get the achievements without affecting your progress or having to start from the beginning."
,Recommended,554620,34664521,Posted: 1 September,all,Glom Gazingo,I thought i wouldn't cry like a baby again...Guess what.HELLA GOOD 10/10
76561198049384411,Recommended,554620,34663256,Posted: 1 September,all,FiveMoreMinutes,Hella good game!
76561198065953972,Recommended,554620,34663275,Posted: 1 September,all,Syn,"Same feels as in the first one... Amazing game, amazing soundtrack, amazing characters.. Amazing game so far, I hate having to wait for the rest of the game :/"
,Recommended,554620,34665208,Posted: 1 September,all,happygrowls,lesbian love story is very good 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34666930,Posted: 1 September,all,StealthyWolf52,":)But seriously though, the graphics were improved on, the world feels more alive, and the new mechanics and ways of handling the game just feel so good. Honeslty, they even have started to explain some of the cheesiness in dialogue from the first game. 10/10 from me and it's only episode one."
,Recommended,554620,34666947,Posted: 1 September,all,fonytas`,9.5/10
76561198215035616,Recommended,554620,34666530,Posted: 1 September,all,JHD,nice
76561198417745904,Recommended,554620,34666455,Posted: 1 September,all,Gosgirl,"The first episode was fun and interesting however some problems that were apparent in the first game still exist.Problem 1The game still has weird jerky movements with some of the characters and I think most of it is negligible since the subtitles and dialogue do a good job of distracting your focus from it.Problem 2Cringey dialogue has always been a problem in Life is Strange and Before the Storm is no exception.Especially in the first few scenes of the episode, also I will say that most of the cringey stuff comes directly from Chloe herself, specifically during the David scenes she tends to make these exaggerated snarky comments about her step father almost to the extent that even the Voice Actor, who did a great job, could not make it sound congruent because of how unrealistic it seemed. Nonetheless, the latter part of the episode was great, I enjoyed the DnD scenes and the interactions between Chloe and Rachel was captivating.Problem 3The introduction of Nathan and Drew was by far the most risible cutscenes in the game. During the scene, the jerky movements in addition to the somewhat forced dialogue felt lackluster in depth. This is the scene where the aforementioned Problem 1 stood out the most.Problem 3Personally, I feel the game can be stretched to five episodes because the character development seems too fast to be relatable and the extremely intense moments near the end of the episode felt forced. Almost as if the game is urging the player to feel empathic towards the characters when it is not earned. I could not see how a player who didn't play the first game can relate to such moments that were quick, polarizing, and evanescent.Overall I would give it 7/10I intend to play the next two."
,Recommended,554620,34666729,Posted: 1 September,all,"I LOVE CARPETS, ME!",When is the therapy DLC coming out?I give this game: feels/feels
,Recommended,554620,34666884,Posted: 1 September,all,Faith Arefin,"This is one hella awesome prequel ever made, omg It's Eid here and I am sad again. Just a masterpiece. Can't wait for the next episode. Thanks developer team <3"
76561198005846365,Recommended,554620,34691907,Posted: 2 September,all,Dice,"The spirit of the original Life is Strange is still present in the gameplay, the design, the ambiance, the music. No rewind this time. A real delight. A prequel worth the original."
,Recommended,554620,34656199,Posted: 1 September,all,𝗽𝗿𝗲𝘀𝗹𝗲𝗿,"I wanted to write a really deep meaningful review about my love for this game so far but I don't think I could do it justice anyways, the main point is that this game is hella cool (despite how cringey it is to say that) and I would recommend to anyone not just people who enjoy video games."
,Recommended,554620,34690637,Posted: 2 September,all,Erin@HT,Waiting for it THE WHOLE SUMMER wasn`t in vain.10 middle fingers of Chloe Price from 10
76561198075135287,Recommended,554620,34695350,Posted: 2 September,all,Wampipap,"This game is awesome, but only if you likes LIS1.Less action, more storytelling. I feel like the decisions are less important, but the feels. Damn, the feels.Anyone else let Choe die in LIS1? Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ that. This game I'm gonna make up for it.Music carries the game. Visually the same feeling (I'm no expert on graphics, but it all looks and feels quite ""the same"" to me)I played it all once (clicked everything I could and stopped to enjoy the scenery) in just under 5 hours. I think I will play it again before episode 2 comes out.And don't be afraid to open your big mouth. I spend half the episode lauging, half the episode crying. Hella awesome!"
,Recommended,554620,34695131,Posted: 2 September,all,sdawgawdasgfa,"Amazing. If you liked the first season you'll love this one. Deck Nine kept to everything we loved, and added more, with lots of shout outs to the future universe (season 1). You'll constantly find yourself saying ""ahh! That's why that happens,"" while also interacting with characters, old and new, that are memorable and engaging."
76561198020248765,Recommended,554620,34695171,Posted: 2 September,all,しずく月島,Is you loved the first game then this is a must.Very good job deck nine.
76561197995286245,Recommended,554620,34687003,Posted: 2 September,all,Mr. Sunshine,"*Note: this review comes from the perspective of a big Life is Strange fan*I'll admit I was skeptical at first about this new prequel. New studio, new actors - I was legitimately concerned that this new game would tarnish all my beloved memories and feelings for the original series.The game began a bit rocky with a small controller bug, but after switching to a different controller things picked up significantly. Deck Nine's passion for the original series is on full display with every little detail - from the opening title, to the UI, to character quirks, music and most importantly, the overall vibe.I ended up absolutely loving this first episode. Chloe's new voice actor honestly put all my fears to rest, and there are definitely moments of vulnerability that she absolutely nails. Arcadia Bay feels alive and well, and I really enjoyed the new Backtalk system - makes you think on your feet in a way that really meshes well with Chloe's personality. Speaking of meshing with her personality, the music hits those same LiS nostalgic beats while maintaining a bit edgier/punk feel at times to help convey that this is a story about Chloe, a girl searching for meaning in her life after the tragic loss of a loved one.Overall, a tremendous first effort from Deck Nine and a welcome entry to one of my favorite series. I'll continue to update this review as each episode comes out."
,Recommended,554620,34737689,Posted: 4 September,all,nєxT. NęcrøŁÿdêTV,"I really Enjoyed Life is strange, And i can confirm Before the storm is as good as the 1st game. Keep it up! Achievements Really easy to get in your 1st walkthrough"
76561198117022709,Recommended,554620,34737808,Posted: 4 September,all,kevpham129,Very great game recommend if you want more after playing the original life is strange
76561198247643840,Recommended,554620,34735245,Posted: 4 September,all,Shane,Hella good. I need episode 2 NOW!
,Recommended,554620,34726758,Posted: 3 September,all,Runtmother,"Too real compared to LiS. If LiS hit me like a truck, this hit me like a train as I could relate to the story on so many different levels.in LiS Max's life itself wasnt in jeopardy, but everyone else's around her was. The game was centered around max's nature and trying to help people. In Before the storm, Chloe is the one with troubles in her life. The more I played as her, the more I could relate and see things from her perspective and get an idea of why she is the way she is in LiS.All in all, this has been an amazing game episode for me (as I really wasn't sure what they would pull of without thetime travel mechanic.) Cannot wait for more."
,Recommended,554620,34726844,Posted: 3 September,all,Astrasia / Annysia,"Very slight spoilers...Okay...so there are way too many people out there just immediately jumping on this and saying 10/10, best game ever, omg it's so great!  No, no, no!  Everyone is so excited to have another Life is Strange that they completely ignore anything other than the title, Chloe and Rachel Amber.The game is good, but it's not great.The good aspects are the asthetics of the game, the music, the animation, and the adherence to many aspects that made LiS great as well as some really good new characters and aspects to the game play.  The voice acting is done very well even though it's an entirely different cast.  It takes you back to Arcadia Bay to be with some of the wonderful characters you loved before, albeit some should not be there.Now the problems.People should keep in mind that the game is written entirely by a team that has nothing to do with the original game, with no input from the orignal writers...which means everything they do in this game is an interpretation or a fan fiction and there is some really, really obvious fan service.  They may try to adhere to canon, but they don't really know it and therefore are making up things that didn't exist.First off, so many compare it to the first episode of LiS saying it's so much better...no it's not.  The first episode of LiS was slower, yes, of course, it had to introduce the chracters, BtS does not, but the big difference here is that the orignal LiS had much, much more depth to its characters and a ridculous amount of easter eggs, shout outs to movies, books, and shows that inspired it, and much more to explore and find new things about as well as a much deeper hint at Native American lore, things that many people failed to actually read about before making some ridiculous theories from the first game.The biggest problem with BtS is that it has many continuity errors and some possible major non-canon aspects, Warren and Victoria should not be at the school, but they are, among other things for example.  The worst offense, though yet to see exactly if it's true or not, is the indication that Rachel may have supernatural powers...this should not be the case, at all, she was never meant to be that way (she's Laura Palmer from Twin Peaks) and she certainly did not cause the storm as theories keep saying, that was Max changing time, the butterfly effect.  If Rachel had a power, if Chloe had visions, these things would have been mentioned to Max...you can't just throw things into an already established story.The second problem is BtS just jumps right into the fray and it's forced.  In LiS, it's pretty clear Rachel and Chloe's relationship is rather one-sided, Chloe loves Rachel, Rachel not so much in love with Chloe.  But in BtS it's Amberprice shoved in your face as fast they can get it in...in less than a day, bam, relationship in your face,  even if you say friendship.  It's way way too fast paced considering the game takes place 3 years before LiS; 3 years they have to establish a relationship is done in less than 1 day.  It doesn't make much sense.So all in all, as long as people realize this game is more of a fan fiction than the real deal and stop comparing the two, it's a good game.  But please, don't go into and and start making ridiculous theories about LiS when this game has no idea what the orignal story was intended to be."
,Recommended,554620,34727493,Posted: 3 September,all,TheBearBelow,"Pending complete review, but so far I Love it. There's a few flaws where I felt some options were difficult or not really how I  would have responded but like the first game the music and feeling is spot on. I love it."
,Recommended,554620,34727718,Posted: 3 September,all,The Architect,"I will be vague to avoid spoiling anything. As of writing only episode one is out and it took me roughly 4 hours to finish Episode 1. (I am pretty slow at games so asume 3 hours on average) So far this is just as good as the previous Life is Strange. You care about the characters. They feel like they have depth and, well, character. It sucks you in and gets you interested in what's going on and makes you feel. No there are no time travel mechanics in this one, instead you have a Backtalk mode wherein during a conversation you can trigger backtalk. In Backtalk you are given a few seconds to respond to a previous statement with one of 3 responses. Do this correctly enough times and you will “win” the backtalk. Pick the wrong option to many times and you will “loose” the backtalk.There are no doover in this game which builds some tension and sense of permanent action that the first game lacked in a lot of places. As far as writing and characters go it is, so far, as good if not better than the first. $17 is, in my opinion, more than fair for this. The small, and major, changes depending on your actions add some replayability to the game but even if you only plan to play this one time through and live with your choices (or look up things you didn't do on youtube) this still gets a glowing recommendation!I recommend setting aside 4-5 hours to be safe, sitting in a dark room with headphones, and playing each episode in one sitting. Regardless of if you're playing them as they come out (which should be every 2 months or so) or if you are waiting to play them all when they are all out."
76561197981422240,Recommended,554620,34727594,Posted: 3 September,all,Grindlift,I'd pay full 60 bucks for the whole game... the waiting is stupid.
,Recommended,554620,34668978,Posted: 1 September,all,OCTOPU$$Y | Pvpro.com,Life is strange: Before the storm is hella good !! keep going guyzz !!
,Recommended,554620,34766014,Posted: 5 September,all,CS:GO is total bullshit,"What to say about this game.......hmm... i am just again speechless as i was playing the first part of life is strange. chloe is like my personal superhero, she has shown endurance at different parts of life which i wish i had the same. its absolutely flawless watching her getting in touch with rachel amber. the feelings about the whole first episode took me on a road to emotional heaven and hell, ups and downs, ect. i think enix made another totally ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game and i am literally stunned until playing the next both episodes. i really like the fact that chloe can fight during arguments, like this is basically her type of character like the time traveller was max's. this fits just perfectly. and i never ever thought that rachel was such tough. hopefully this will have a good ending. i will continue this review as far as the next episodes appear. until then, i honestly recommend this game and everyone should give it a try."
76561198136600235,Recommended,554620,34767275,Posted: 5 September,all,Malcukath,now i understand what happen before the original story
,Recommended,554620,34767125,Posted: 5 September,all,EpikBonkers,"Captivating and difficult, moreso in the thought processes of that of a lifestyle I never had the chance to portray. Really thought provoking and helpful to realize I'm ♥♥♥♥ing awful at  helping people who need help. The beauty of this game lies in not the more basic graphics, but in the story. It tells of pain. It puts words and emotions inside you as you play. It can be hard to get though. Not every person will think so or will enjoy it. But those who do are special and empathetic. I believe this is who this game was made for, both those who are in pain, have been in pain, and those who have no idea what it's like. I really can't wait for more content. If it's this good already, I have no doubts it will get even deeper and better than I can imagine. I wish I could replace the main character or secondary character and live this fantasy. At this reality would be fun, full of adventure, and amazing the real world never could be."
,Recommended,554620,34765397,Posted: 5 September,all,Chrithu,Just good. Can't wait to see how the other two episodes play out.
76561198142330236,Recommended,554620,34765311,Posted: 5 September,all,Aldur,"Awsome game, 'Life is strage' brand is definitely in my top 10.I love the story, the voice actors are great, the music is awesome.Simple gameplay, almost like a visual novel.The graphics are not what you whould expect from nowadays games but it's kinda cute.I'd realy like it to be longer than a 3 episodes story but nvm."
,Recommended,554620,34765493,Posted: 5 September,all,jonathanscullen,The story telling its strongest element. It you liked the last life is strange this game is for you!
76561198073243816,Recommended,554620,34642916,Posted: 31 August,all,xMcMx,"Wow... It is definitely different from the original game. But wow. This one already gave me goosebumps - and it's just the first episode I finished! It's so emotional. Definitely when you played ""Life is strange"" before this prequel.Buy it!"
,Recommended,554620,34643285,Posted: 31 August,all,Removerboy,Mah hart... Mah sole...Once more i find myself an emotional wreck.This is a hella good game. Can't wait for episode 2.Kudos to the devs and storywriters.
,Recommended,554620,34643291,Posted: 31 August,all,nick,10/1011/10 with Frank's beans
,Recommended,554620,34643319,Posted: 31 August,all,®Ʀelationƨ,"""Hella High"""
,Recommended,554620,34640347,Posted: 31 August,all,Post Molone,Game is pretty litstole money to buy new weed10/10 would do it again
,Recommended,554620,34643161,Posted: 31 August,all,Mc🅱️EET,ive had mixed feelings about this game and was kind worried it wouldnt be nearly as good as the 1st game. but so far i really enjoy the game if deck nine keeps the work up it might be as good as the 1st one
,Recommended,554620,34643184,Posted: 31 August,all,Osxg33kgirl,Such an amazing game.I need the other episodes now plox <311/10 would recomend
,Recommended,554620,34643187,Posted: 31 August,all,Skills,Hella
,Recommended,554620,34643396,Posted: 31 August,all,Discørdia,"Epic storyline, epic characters (yeah sure it's a younger version of Chloe and Rachel before she got killed...), epic views, epic game in general... I'm loving it so far"
,Recommended,554620,34643441,Posted: 31 August,all,RDarius,"Great soundtrack, awesome graphics, amazing performace!"
76561197995566648,Recommended,554620,34644056,Posted: 31 August,all,Blackwell Student,"Episode 1 really surprised me, just wow :O well made, and new voices fits well to the characters since they are young at that time! 10/10 from me."
76561198042894697,Recommended,554620,34644091,Posted: 31 August,all,binko.petr,"Just finished episode 1 and i have to say it is great to be back in Arcadia Bay. I was little afraid how this prequel will end up (different voice for Chloe, not made by dotnode, no Max, no superpower) but i am very satisfied. The atmosphere of the game is same as original LIS (at least from my point of view). For me it is 10/10.I have original Xbox controller and i had absolutely no problem with it (reaction to bad overviews mentioning problems with XBox controller)To be absolutely honest game froze one time while loading. But game was saved and after turn off/turn on i continued where i ended."
,Recommended,554620,34644093,Posted: 31 August,all,radeu,"Great episode, can't wait for the next ones."
,Recommended,554620,34644112,Posted: 31 August,all,Sam,"Amazing, Just like the first game.You do play as Chloe which changes the game around as you think from her perspective.The artwork is beautiful; just like the first game.Excited to wait for episode 2 & 3!"
76561198044992721,Recommended,554620,34643383,Posted: 31 August,all,VC1992,"This story is GREAT!!!Yes ,the middle & the end of this episode make me feel sadbut at the same time ,it made me feel i am living in the same world with chloe & rachel !!!This start is really really wonderful ,hope it can be much more at the Episode 2 & 3"
,Recommended,554620,34641724,Posted: 31 August,all,Mapple,"From what I've seen in the first episode, it's more action-packed than the first game - and takes an immediate emotional nosedive with the classical teenage angst and stereotypes. I personally enjoy it more than the first one, and hopefully I maintain that opinion throughout the next two episodes.I'll update this comment once I've fully finished the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34643229,Posted: 31 August,all,mommy lily,"When I finished the first game, the first thing I wanted was a game that went back in time to show Chloe's relationship with Rachel. I never even began to think that it would come true. This game is a dream, and it's already so powerful. I'm so excited to see what it holds beyond this stunning first episode. I love how there are more dialog choices that the first game, to make the game more customized. I fell in love with Rachel in the first game, I'm falling even in deeper love in this one."
,Recommended,554620,34650693,Posted: 31 August,all,AerialComb,"I took my time to really appreciate the game to what it had to offer.I am confident to say that the experience so far is at least as good as the first game. I kinda miss the rewind ability but still a pretty solid experience.Chloe is got to be one of the most amazing and complex characters that i have come to play in a video game. The fact that you can spew♥♥♥♥♥♥and convince them that you are right is just plain awesome. But, I think the bigger surprise for me was R.A., the character is very well developed in the story and you can really feel what she is going thorugh and evven feel empathy for the character.Setting and storytelling is as good as before and really draws you back to the world of Arcadia Bay. The only difference than before is you cant rewind which I think is actually better, this way you feel more pressure about the choices you want to make in the game.The soundstrack is just amazing and goes very well with the setting of the game.IF you really like the first one, this game is a sure thing is just as good or even better than the first game."
,Recommended,554620,34650697,Posted: 31 August,all,glip glops,"A fantastic edition to the series. A much more emotional ride than the previous Life is Strange to make up for the ""power"" factor that is missing in this one. Get it!"
76561198067761889,Recommended,554620,34651255,Posted: 31 August,all,Austin Powers,AMAZING. I couldn't ask for a better expansion to bring me back to my beloved Arcadia Bay.
,Recommended,554620,34651593,Posted: 31 August,all,Jorji Costava,♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING
,Recommended,554620,34651417,Posted: 31 August,all,[SRG] Marz,"wow, I played the first game and that is my best game ever. I didn't know if they could carry the same thing over as I know what was to come. but holy poop, it has left me with a whirlwind of emotions"
76561198121247468,Recommended,554620,34651543,Posted: 31 August,all,AceSeptre,"The original Life is Strange made it's mark as being an emotional roller coaster, and Before the Storm doesn't dissapoint. Anyone who played the first game is in for a major revamp of all the emotional investment that came hand and hand with the characters, the story, the environments, and the music.My favorite thing about Life is Strange (both the original and now Before the Storm) is that it's not a game about winning or losing. It's not about stats and killfeeds, trash talk or competition. They are truly the ultimate get under the blanket, pour yourself a drink, and relax games. Yes, emotions abound, but it's special. You WILL tear up, you will care more than anyone probably should about a fictional character. You will regret your decisions. You will love. You will hate. But, how many games can you really say that about? Maybe one or two? Life is Strange is something special that I hope continues for years to come."
,Recommended,554620,34651551,Posted: 31 August,all,[{GDB}] Jesus,Well above my expectations!
,Recommended,554620,34651377,Posted: 31 August,all,ElkhanArt,Loving the first episode!!!I can't wait for the next one!I just hope they fix the controlers for the next one...The xbox 360 one doesn't work ;/ ... and isnt really cool to play these kind of game with a mouse
76561198190574423,Recommended,554620,34652779,Posted: 31 August,all,ImpossibleGirl92,Am I the only one who's xbow game pad isn't working correctly for the game?
,Recommended,554620,34652584,Posted: 31 August,all,Cwayne1989,The initial load time is painfully slow. but good game
76561198196897010,Recommended,554620,34652540,Posted: 31 August,all,amandarose0828,"♥♥♥♥♥ LiS made you wait a couple of episodes before hitting you with that emotional pain, but Before the Storm goes right for it.10/10 would cry over an old car in the junkyard again"
,Recommended,554620,34652939,Posted: 31 August,all,RE4PER,"Well, the first episode was everything I wanted it to be and then some. It's a worthy prequel to the original game and it feels as if it was developed by the same people, even though it was not.If you loved the first game, then you will absolutely love this."
,Recommended,554620,34652944,Posted: 31 August,all,pubg > tf2,"In just the first episode, I remembered all about why I love this game so much. It's a totally different concept than the first but the same emotional, in-depth connectivity that is so riveting. I'm actually you play as a younger form of Chloe, so that you can reflect all that feeling that is built from this game back on to the original series.Worth the money I spent, including the small extra fee for pre-ordering it. Worth every penny. Square Enix simply cannot go wrong with this game.P.S. I hated the new Chloe's voice at the beginning but it actually slowly forms to become better later in the game because the new voice actor can depict strong emotion more accurately than old Chloe. Well, at least to me"
,Recommended,554620,34648702,Posted: 31 August,all,Bryan,This game is great.That voice actor though. She like the Kristen Stewart of voice actors.
,Recommended,554620,34648675,Posted: 31 August,all,g0ggles,"Like the original LiS. This is a pure feels trip, and one you will not regret taking."
,Recommended,554620,34648619,Posted: 31 August,all,pimpmatterz,Amazing game! Even better than the original Life is Strange
,Recommended,554620,34648745,Posted: 31 August,all,TBG,HELLA
,Recommended,554620,34648769,Posted: 31 August,all,open bot,"damn, really enjoy this game."
76561198120923208,Recommended,554620,34646257,Posted: 31 August,all,Vinrich,"Episode 1:  Being a long time life is Strange fan, I was excited to finally play this.  The game jumps right in, not as catching as the first the original personally, but still good.  The entire beginning is very slow, but the constant hits, and reverence to pop culture and original game put a smile to my face.  Once you really start to meet Rachel the game gets good fast.  No spoilers but the game got me at the end with some definite emotion.  If you liked the first game then this is a must Buy. Graphics are great, and story a bit slow but definitely picking up.  Cant wait till the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34646269,Posted: 31 August,all,OKAY OJ PROBABLY DID DOIT,My worries coming in as a fan of the last game.1.New voice actor2.New studio3.No powers4.Scared of changeMy worries after finishing this game......Pretty good. Pretty damn good.
76561197994121884,Recommended,554620,34646934,Posted: 31 August,all,unseenclass,Great game.  They capture Chloe 100%.  Play it!
,Recommended,554620,34646944,Posted: 31 August,all,he✘ed,Hella good.
76561198215872011,Recommended,554620,34646985,Posted: 31 August,all,☯ Uchiha Itachi ☯,Hella yes!
,Recommended,554620,34646834,Posted: 31 August,all,SirAlwaid,"Gotta admit, I thought that DONTNOD not working on the title might have meant that things were going to be pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (or not as good as the previous chapter, to say the least), but thanks god I was wrong. The first episode looks really promising, it was a pleasure to play all the way through. Loved it!"
,Recommended,554620,34646849,Posted: 31 August,all,CudaKD,Loved it
,Recommended,554620,34647208,Posted: 31 August,all,Guncakex,"""HELLA"" GooD"
,Recommended,554620,34647229,Posted: 31 August,all,Bandit,4 hrs/episode? I guess I'm using my vacation days. Wheres episode 2 and the rest?
,Recommended,554620,34646858,Posted: 31 August,all,Neptunide,"Even tho I was disappointed when I saw the trailers month ago, I definitely don't regret to have purchased it.This game hurts, but touches you deeply, and the soundtrack is really well set for this.I know that many people are scared for Chloe's voice, but honestly, I didn't find it shocking and it adapts pretty well to Chloe.Playing a character that is damaged by life is also an interesting experience especially if you have empathy or connect with it. The game definitely points out that whatever life you have, no matter if you're popular, successful or not, everybody hurts in a different way, but the pain remains the same for everyone. And when you share that pain, you help the others while helping yourself by opening up.Amazing soundtrack as well."
,Recommended,554620,34641851,Posted: 31 August,all,Faith,"I am really p***ed because BROOKE didn't reappear in the first episode, but you guys returned the LiS for me, so I am glad that's why you get my thumbs up.PS: IF BROOKE WILL NOT REAPPEAR IN THE NEXT TWO EPISODES YOU CAN SAY GOODBYE OF THE POSITIVE FEEDBACK!"
76561197974946301,Recommended,554620,34645043,Posted: 31 August,all,Rayhx,"This game is hella awesome!The music is great, the new characters are well-fitting, the graphics are amazing.Thank you sooooo much Deck Nine!"
76561198205365636,Recommended,554620,34646397,Posted: 31 August,all,Dr. Sattler,As brilliant and heartbreaking as the first one. Play it!!
,Recommended,554620,34639808,Posted: 31 August,all,missmadeinheaven,"Editing my review since the controller issue is now resolved.I'm not disappointed at all in the gameplay, story line, or graphics. I loved the original Life Is Strange and this is turning out to be pretty amazing so far."
76561198374233287,Recommended,554620,34646403,Posted: 31 August,all,KrissLim,This is one of my favorite game since I played the first season...but we got one some prob here is the controller unsupported. HOPE steam will fix it asap
,Recommended,554620,34647523,Posted: 31 August,all,TheBman772,"If you played the first game, you know how this is going to end.but that just adds to it"
,Recommended,554620,34647542,Posted: 31 August,all,yeleha // inventivetalent,Absolutely Amazing! Just like the first one.But I definitely wasn't prepared to get this emotional...
,Recommended,554620,34647545,Posted: 31 August,all,Tropical Chocolate Island,Smash Smash Smash
76561198217154015,Recommended,554620,34647331,Posted: 31 August,all,taffenoah,Dear lord what a prequel
76561198317874847,Recommended,554620,34647430,Posted: 31 August,all,BALAKESANAKE,i really want to give this game a proper review after the third episode comes out but i gotta talk about the first episodei do miss the back in time thingy but i guess the argument system works ?in story first episode is just a rollercoster a really f up one that just shows all of chloes emotions and problems i dont want to talk about it much i still want to review this game only after episode 3 but this episode was8/10 wish the next one will be better tho i do reccomend this game but only for those who played life is strange and need to know what the hell happened with chloe without playing the first game i guess you can play this one but you need to play both tbh XD  so yea this game is only for true fans
,Recommended,554620,34699564,Posted: 2 September,all,Hugh Mungus,"Life is Strange will always have a special place in my heart. Even though the original had its problems, what it did great overcame any cons I experienced. Playing Before the Storm is a breath of fresh air, I enjoy playing as Chloe much more so than Max. Her personality brings out better game mechanics, and interesting situations than I experienced as Max. A special moments goes out to the d&d game which brought back lots of good memories. Telltale should take Life is Strange as an example of what they can do better in their own games. Im hoping Dontnod developes a fantasy related game, I would thoroughly enjoy that."
,Recommended,554620,34699407,Posted: 2 September,all,Bueno Excellente,I'm beginning to feel things againDamn you Deck Nine. Amazing job so far.
,Recommended,554620,34698970,Posted: 2 September,all,KerriGan,我先给个好评。其实不太想给。看在前作份上。1.steam链接丢失。我预购了豪华版却换不了衣服，完全不知道玩什么。2.这是一部剧情游戏没错。但还是要突出Strange这个词。缺失了倒流模式之后，体现在哪里，暂时没看出来。3.Bug问题。你只放出一章内容难道都做不好优化？在伐木场偷衬衫时候卡出了地图。这种体验极差。换了一个开发商，我还是不希望砸了前作招牌。长点心好吧。
76561197961276982,Recommended,554620,34700052,Posted: 2 September,all,Stranger,"First off, this a prequel to the original Life is Strange. I highly reccomend playing the original episodes before moving to Before the Storm. You will learn more backstory about the main character, Chloe Price in the original than what is initially available in the prequel. Although there is currently only one episode available for Before the Storm, there is plenty to do while playing. I am glad that they continued with the global and friend stats once you complete the episodes. Overall, I reccomend the game to anyone that loves games that play with your feels and fans of visual novel type games."
,Recommended,554620,34700811,Posted: 2 September,all,Brocket,"Pretty good job of picking up where DONTNOD left off, but prequels are always going to be a challenge because of their nature.  If you never played Life is Strange and are playing this one first, you are in for a great experience, but you will also enjoy it if you already beat LIS."
76561197986821173,Recommended,554620,34698579,Posted: 2 September,all,Memberberry,Finally more episodes from this universe!
76561198025027131,Recommended,554620,34698795,Posted: 2 September,all,MJLLQ,"Having played and loved the first Life Is Strange, I was EXTREMELY nervous about this prequel. But not only did they manage to recapture the originial spirit and tone of the game and characters therein, they actually managed to ADD to it and flesh out the story we all know and love, adding new perspectives and details that we didn't have before when only playing as Max. And even more impressive, they did all that with a different studio and different voice actors! This is not a cheap, slapped together prequel; this is a great game all on its own, with just as many gut punches and engaging scenes as the first one. CAN. NOT. WAIT UNTIL EPISODE TWO!!!!"
,Recommended,554620,34693440,Posted: 2 September,all,iPanda5,"Since they announced the release on this game, I've been so excited to play it. It did not disappoint. At first I was taken off guard with the argument option instead of going back in time like Max, it was still really fun. I usually don't like playing the ""bad kid"" in games, and usually go for the good options, but knowing chloe already made it fun. I also really enjoyed how they included a totem pole and a little background on Raven the Trickster, it made me happy that they included native culture in it. I'm actually surprised it's a good pre-sequel, now let's see about the other episodes."
76561197995475309,Recommended,554620,34693453,Posted: 2 September,all,Dango Dango Dango,"Weaker than the original, but much better than I anticipated.The story moves  too fast and dialogue felt really awkward in one particular scene, but besides I really enjoyed it.It definitely feels like Life is Strange and it is obvious that Deck9 has a lot of love for the original. They managed to capture the character of Cloe and the feel of Arcadia Bay perfectly. The main story seems to be involving a lot of supernatural elements again and I am interested where it goes.If you are a big fan of the original I wholeheartedly recommend it. If you disliked the first one I can not see a reason why this would appeal to you."
,Recommended,554620,34684367,Posted: 2 September,all,Criwall,"Review in progress. Written after 1 episode.I was skeptical to a prequel to Life is Strange. The original is probably my favorite among all Telltale-likes out there, any sequel or prequel have a lot to live up to and Deck Nine doesn't have the backlog of games that made me think they could pull it of. But as of the first episode it feels like they mostly did just that. The story center on and fills out Chloe and Rachels relationship, aswell as the ones with most of the cast from the first game. The writing is strong, it's emotional, funny and it might actually win some of the ""I hate Chloe"" people over with the more fleshed out characterization of her. The new voice actress for Chloe also did a great job. But there is less to do this time around. The conversations are shorter and there are less things to look at in the enviroments.They also borrow heavily on the mechanics and styles of the first game, almost too much. Max had a camera, Chloe has a marker to tag things with. They both have a journal that function the exact same way. The music is in the same style (even thou I think slightly harder rock music would fit Chloe more). The end where various characters stop what they are doing and look at something is exactly the same as the first one... If nobody told you it wasn't made by the same developers, I'm not sure you would have noticed. Max timelord powers where a stronger mechanic but I can totally see why they didn't have a supernatural power for Chloe, instead relying on a mechanic called Backtalk, that's pretty much using wit to get your way in conversations. It's not a entirely new concept, but works fine even if some of the isults you throw back are really cringy.It doesn't have as strong a mystery as the first one with the storm dream and time powers to hook you from the begining, but what we got is enough to keep me interested. The recommendation of this game is easy, did you like the first one or not? You will probably enjoy this one if you did, but there is nothing here to convice you if you didn't. If you haven't played the first one, play that first."
,Recommended,554620,34693693,Posted: 2 September,all,Shmoopy,"I had my doubts bout this game, being a prequel and all, but this is good.The first episode is ok, the graphics are nicer. I really hope the next two episodes are as good or better."
76561198168861280,Recommended,554620,34693975,Posted: 2 September,all,intheflesh,"A splendid first episode I enjoyed every moment in. As in original ""Life is Strange"", music is perfectly handpicked to match the events on the screen. Many a time I just reclined on my chair and just enjoyed the sounds coming from the loudspeakers, letting myself immerse in the atmosphere of the game and a particular event. Moreover, the game successfully present the character of the main protagonist and her transition into the image we witnessed in the orignal game; her rejecting everyone and ""not give a crap"" attitude is complemented with her vulnerability and need of a friend. You see all that bitterness and hate towards life she presented in the lated stages of her life. I also liked the fact that the game allows a player to choose a ""softer"" attitude on some occasions, not forcing us to go all rogue.The only complaint I might have is that the episode could be longer. Given that there are olnly three of them (with an additional one in the Delixe Edition), the game seems to be shorter than the previous one. A pity, as I would like to spend more time with Chloe and Rachel.To sum up: 9/10 for the first episode. Waiting for more."
,Recommended,554620,34693982,Posted: 2 September,all,✪ Svingen,Very najs & cjut
,Recommended,554620,34693768,Posted: 2 September,all,Lolgtfo1(Flak),The first Life is Strange season was brillant I loved nearly every aspect of its story gameplay soundtrack and attention to detail. Life is strange before the storm has blown me away in regards to the series. Lis before the storm has easily made number 1 on my favorite game list if you have any doubts in paying for it be assured that your money is beyond well spent.
,Recommended,554620,34696371,Posted: 2 September,all,Little Purr,"I like how Before the storm gives us the perspective into Chloe's life. It made me very emotional considering that I have played episodes 1-5 of Life is Strange, everything just goes along so well. This is literally one of the best games ever, not many games can actually strike me this deep emotionally, it just feels like I'm not in this world while playing it, I don't know, I feel weird now :P. Now I gotta get my mind to the real world and slowly get my thoughts out of this game. So far 11/10, dying for the second episode, pleaseee give me the second episode!"
,Recommended,554620,34697917,Posted: 2 September,all,□□,"this game went really emotional, really quick10/10 would totally play again and fix my decisions"
76561198268652620,Recommended,554620,34698122,Posted: 2 September,all,renteriaj19,Hella good!
76561198050827918,Recommended,554620,34698013,Posted: 2 September,all,anarchy.soldier,"Based on the first chapter, this is an absolute 10/10 game yet again!It's managed to put me in litteral tears within a few hours of playing. The whole story about Chloe feels so real, the great sound track adds a whole new layer of emotions to the experience, and kind of forcing me to ♥♥♥♥ up my life in the game by giving me only bad options added so much for me in terms of emergence.Pro's:Great writing. Gets your tears flowing.Another great soundtrack.You have so many options. Not just dialog options, also just what kind of person you are. I'm not sure how that's gonna play out in the end, but I really hope my choices have a big impact on my relationship with the people around me in the game.Has everything that made Life is Strange great, but without the annoying time rewind stuff. Maybe that's a con for some people, it's a huge pro to me. No more testing out which answer works the best, with this game you have to commit to every single one of your choises.Con's:Some facial expressions and movements look really robotic and fake. Especially in a game based on story-telling as heavily as this one is, the faces should always look perfect.As much as Chloe is supposed to be kind of an edgy girl going through puberty, it can get slightly annoying if it's being overdone.All in all one of the best games I've played in a while. Can't wait for chapter 2."
76561198284359077,Recommended,554620,34648868,Posted: 31 August,all,chrisdickinson1,If you love Chloe you will love the game.If you hate Chloe you will not love the game.I love the game.
,Recommended,554620,34715507,Posted: 3 September,all,fDr_AfiqSabri,"wow holy mother of nature, that tree burns by lighter"
,Recommended,554620,34715169,Posted: 3 September,all,DickeR,Can't wait for the next episode.
,Recommended,554620,34719320,Posted: 3 September,all,Rune,It's definitely meeting and exceeding my expectations.
76561198098809073,Recommended,554620,34719418,Posted: 3 September,all,abstractparts,This game is every bit as good as the first! Imagery is very creative and the story is emotionally captivating. Highly recommend!!
,Recommended,554620,34719219,Posted: 3 September,all,Lil Zap,Feels weird playing this game after playing the first oneI Like the style but it feels like I'm playing the same game just with better animationsalso thought all the episodes would be playable straight away but I guess notso far not as cringey as the first game which is Hella Lame KMS
,Recommended,554620,34719673,Posted: 3 September,all,denial,A worthy addition to the LIS universe.
76561198262793633,Recommended,554620,34719381,Posted: 3 September,all,A Savage Beaver,"The original Life Is Strange was what got me into story-driven, narrative based games, so I had my doubts about Before The Storm, as, I believe most fans of the original did. However, I absolutely loved the first episode of Before The Storm! It's intense and emotional, hitting you unexpectedly right in the feelings... although any Life Is Strange fan ought to never let their emotional guard down after the first game. At this point, my biggest issue is how quickly the bond between Rachel and Chloe establishes, but other than that tiny little niggle, I would recommend the game to anyone!"
76561198058834241,Recommended,554620,34713403,Posted: 3 September,all,Mr.Erfrischend,Until now only the first episode is out and i really liked the game so far. It changes things up a bit compared to the first Life is Strange but keeps the magical feeling. I have high hopes for the upcoming episodes to be amazing.
76561198150500682,Recommended,554620,34718846,Posted: 3 September,all,XxSHoOtAViCHxX,"Even though only the 1st episode was released, my expectations were definitely met! 110% perfect!!!"
76561198195101837,Recommended,554620,34718921,Posted: 3 September,all,Startgril,"If you liked the first game you're sure to like this one. There's minimal change in gameplay mechanics, but the charm of the story is still there. If you haven't played the original Life Is Strange, I suggest you start there. The choices you make still impact the storyline, making the game feel personalized. I highly recommend it!The only downside I've had with this game is that there are some points where the art quality drops, and the screen glitches throughout a cutscreen (final one of episode one). I'm hoping this is just a bug they can patch."
76561198138741547,Recommended,554620,34718796,Posted: 3 September,all,clemthecat,"I am really enjoying this game so far; the first episode was really fun to play and I can't wait for the following episodes to be released. I'm a fan of the art style, and I really think the music is nice and fitting. If you like choices matter, story-driven games, Life is Strange is for you. The story is decent, Chloe is a pretty funny character and I like that some of the choices you make can affect the end result of the game; it makes it interesting and adds replay value. I do like that it's pretty dramatic, and has you feeling lots of feels. Love the feels.My only complaint is that I wish they would have all of the episodes released at once rather than having us wait so long for the next ones... it just doesn't seem fair, seeing as we've already purchased the entire game. But the suspense is sort of nice, I guess. Maybe a good idea would be to shorten the wait time between episodes, or perhaps make the episodes longer (though I understand this would take a lot more work).  All in all, though, a fun game and I would certainly recommend it if this type of game is your style."
,Recommended,554620,34719141,Posted: 3 September,all,FatOkeanos,Yes
,Recommended,554620,34719176,Posted: 3 September,all,marc_mib,I LOVE This Game I want MORE|
,Recommended,554620,34717718,Posted: 3 September,all,Buttstallion,It's hella good
,Recommended,554620,34717173,Posted: 3 September,all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,"The only 6 words I could find that fit""I love you, I missed you.""Thanks Deck Nine"
76561198404766051,Recommended,554620,34718037,Posted: 3 September,all,Bean,This is such a great game!! I just can't wait for the other episodes to come out. Love the soundtrack and graphics and storyline.
76561198088947898,Recommended,554620,34700872,Posted: 2 September,all,Eggsy,A worthy sequel to one of my all time favorite games.
,Recommended,554620,34700717,Posted: 2 September,all,Ren,"This is an exceptional addition (so far) to the Life is Strange series. Taking place before Max Caufield returns to Arcadia, Chloe is dealing with the loss of her father, her mother's new boyfriend, and her struggle to find her place in Blackwell society. The story behind Chloe and Rachel's relationship finally comes to light, as well as the origins of ""hella"".I know a lot of people were very concerned over the change of Chloe's voice actor, but for me it was hardly noticable. If I really listened, I could hear differences, but honestly it wasn't that big of a change. It was very fun seeing familiar characters, but news ones as well. Obviously there is no time travel feature here, instead you're introduced to the 'back-talk' mechanic. Think of it like... charisma. Basically, Chloe, with the right phrases at the right time, can verbally beat her opponents into submission. Very fun and different.With only episode one out at the moment, I can't rate the game completely. However, what I have played, was great. If you're a fan of the Life is Strange series, this is definitely one to pick up. I'll update my review as the episodes release."
,Recommended,554620,34701089,Posted: 2 September,all,Lil Broomstick,"I originally played the first version of this game and I found it great. This one was brilliant, I don't want to spoil anything so I won't say much, it's a little weird not seeing the same characters, but I enjoyed the easter eggs, highly recommended, worth £14. <3(I saw the Unity easter egg :)"
,Recommended,554620,34700852,Posted: 2 September,all,xSeph00,Love Story + No Cliche + Awesome Sound Track + Awesome Story + Right amount of action + Amazing feels = Best game 10/10 Excells in all categories in my opinion.
,Recommended,554620,34698718,Posted: 2 September,all,mimsyy,From a chilled round of Dungeons & Dragons to the 2K17 emotional breakdown simulator that causes natural disastersFeels/10
,Recommended,554620,34714840,Posted: 3 September,all,Plajdo,"Pros:10/10, better then I expected.Cons:Slightly incompatible with Dualshock 4 controller, camera just spins around (probably because of 2 controllers connected at once? The real one and then the emulated one). Otherwise everything works very well. Would be very glad if the devs added a better controller support.Conclusion:I fully recommend this game to any Life is Strange fan. For those who didn't play the original LiS, then you maybe should buy the first one first to understand some things better."
76561198056479963,Recommended,554620,34714911,Posted: 3 September,all,Diaphanous,This game is RAD
,Recommended,554620,34714768,Posted: 3 September,all,TiMeSpaceMugen,"Totally awesome prequel to LiS, if you enjoyed Life is Strange you will definite enjoy this."
,Recommended,554620,34694793,Posted: 2 September,all,46,"My honest opinion of the game,Best game so far i ever played, really good music.Lots of emotional scenes that makes the game feel realistic.This game might even change how people look in real lifeOveral this is a solid 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,554620,34713393,Posted: 3 September,all,Omelfilip™,"I was worried that I was going to be dissapointed by the first episode, I was worried that because it was a new developer making this game that it wouldn't have that Life is Strange ""vibe"" that the original had, I'm glad to say the first episode exceeded my expectations. I was not dissapointed, I loved the first episode, absolutely loved it! Everything, from the soundtrack, animations, graphics, voice acting, is all fantastic, give or take a few angsty cringe lines. I have a new love for Chloe Price, and the new voice actress does Chloe justice, when playing the game I didn't hear a new voice actress, I heard Chloe Price. 100% recommend if you loved the first game, can't wait for the rest of the episodes."
76561198300622144,Recommended,554620,34713482,Posted: 3 September,all,Rem,"This Game, Made Me Cry, This Game Made Me Laugh, This Game...  Is By Far My Favorite Game. The Story Is Amazingly Rich And This Game Has A Beautiful, High Quality Sound Track, The Characters Are Likeable. I Recommended 'Life Is Strange'To All Of My Friends, And The Ones Who Gave This Game A Chance Haven't Dropped It.Thank You For Giving Us A Good Time :3I Hope Everyone Has The Same Experiance That I Did, Have Fun People, Dont Forget! Makes Good Choices.~Rem~"
,Recommended,554620,34705234,Posted: 3 September,all,Sir Friendzone,Hella gay
,Recommended,554620,34718417,Posted: 3 September,all,Christian | Freeman,"It´s beautiful ! I enjoyed every single second of Episode 1, and i am more than excited for Episode 2 to Come out !"
76561198095284841,Recommended,554620,34718418,Posted: 3 September,all,DNADrone,"This game is awesome. Initially I thought that without the time rewind mechanic, it would not be as good as the first one. But the new Back talk mechanic totally makes up for the lack of the time rewind, and it is so much fun. I replayed the game a few times in collector mode just to explore the different choices and responses of all the back talk sections.Additionally, Chloe has always been the one with whom I have been able to relate to the most. Getting to explore her life and see things from her perspective is a big plus. I would say the writers have done an awesome job, congratulations!Can't wait for the other episodes to come out."
,Recommended,554620,34718443,Posted: 3 September,all,Frostbyte,"This game is a perfect prequel to Life is Strange. The story is as great as the one in the first game! The only downside is that, now I have played through episode 1, I'll have to wait a while to continue the story.... Nevertheless, great game!"
,Recommended,554620,34717649,Posted: 3 September,all,linear214,"I wasn't expecting this to live up to the first game, but Deck Nine actually pulled it off. The writing is great, the characters are great, the music is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. And I am so happy we finally get to see Arcadia Bay and Chloe again."
76561198028291449,Recommended,554620,34717517,Posted: 3 September,all,506172616469736572,omg a fantastic game made with unity
,Recommended,554620,34643166,Posted: 31 August,all,AbsurdBlue,"Life Is Strange: Higher budgetEpisode 1 Review*As much as I love the first game it admittedly had many flaws and short comings due to it's low investment. This game however has used all the potential and world building that made the first game good and turned it into something great!It's basically a walking simulator with a fairly linear storyline. Most of your choices are more so just detailing the story to make you feel more connected with the characters and honestly it works very well. If you liked the first game, you will certainly love this one.+Voice acting+Writing+Soundtrack+Has a nice visual style+Looks and runs great+""Backtalk"" mechanic is fun-A bit predictable-Gotta wait for episode 2 :("
76561198340112270,Recommended,554620,34641409,Posted: 31 August,all,Dovahkiin,"The Story is great so far, but the voice actors!!! They sound so different, David sounds so weird! Oh well... :( But A+ on story for now."
,Recommended,554620,34641415,Posted: 31 August,all,Nexperis | Swapsk.in,"Well I just finished the first episode, and I can't wait for the next one.When I first heard a new game was coming out from a new dev, I was a bit worried it wouldn't live up to the original. The first game meant a lot to me and is currently my favourite game of all time. Yet now that might be a contest due to what I've played through so far.Yes the dialouge isn't perfect, and the voice actor isn't the same, but the story is rich and to all fans of the original, really expands on the characters and story of Rachel and Chloe.So far so good, hopefully the next episode arrives soon. :)"
,Recommended,554620,34642361,Posted: 31 August,all,DStills,"Loved it , can't wait for the rest !"
76561198242306700,Recommended,554620,34642399,Posted: 31 August,all,SoulKnight96,"This game is another masterpiece it just grips you right from the start, you remember everything about the first game and its feels like every encounter is an esater egg that just hits you in the sweet spot.Chloe was my prefered character in the first game and i adore this take on things, getting to know her an Rachel more in depth is all i could have asked for after finishing the first game. this did not diapoint at all its fantastic right from the get go.Pros: Gripping story again right from the startExtremely good art style that is almost perfectionFantastic back story and explains so many of the events in the first gamePerfect character developmentSmooth gameplay makes you feel like you are always in controlCon: Nonei just.. i cant come up with any i just cant... it is all i ever wanted from a prequal."
,Recommended,554620,34642318,Posted: 31 August,all,Anilomu,"A rollercoaster of feelings, you take the role of Chloe Price and go through the events before the original Life is Strange. I must admit I have a different view on Max, when playing as Chloe. Max completely shrug off Chloe in times she needed her most. The game is so good I recommend it for anyone into story based games."
,Recommended,554620,34642327,Posted: 31 August,all,Elliot-,"first episode and i already give 10/10, hella yes"
76561198194901235,Recommended,554620,34642040,Posted: 31 August,all,Voltage,"Cried twice, totaly approved this game"
76561197982835806,Recommended,554620,34642050,Posted: 31 August,all,Marrow,"Wow. It's the story before the first title. But as for the gameplay, It takes back to where it left. Good graphics but could be better. Really liked the new challenge system for Chloe's conversations that kind of replaced the time rewind. Overall,  9/10 !"
,Recommended,554620,34642080,Posted: 31 August,all,iDontKnowMeinHose,I loved Life is Strange and Life is Strange Before The Storm is even better...wow...a masterpiece
,Recommended,554620,34642091,Posted: 31 August,all,Shady Targaryen,"Not the level of first LiS game,but very far from being bad game."
76561198052908058,Recommended,554620,34642103,Posted: 31 August,all,Teddjku,"Different voice actorsDifferent developersDifferent writersNo more time travelStill pretty dang goodOddly enough it was co-written BY Ashley Burch, the original Chloe voice. She is involved in the ongoing SAG-AFTRA strike, which would explain the lack of hearing the Chloe we know and love (maybe its also the different Devs, im not sure). I trust Burch though because she knows the Chloe character more than anybody outside of DontNod. As for every other character? well It's pretty cool to see Blackwell before Super Max returns.If you're a diehard LIS fan, you'll like it. If you're not, well I don't know why you're here, go be Max for a little bit and reconsider. Or at least get it on sale.You get to play D&D as Chloe and punch an evil Minotaur in the d*ck, what more could you ask?"
,Recommended,554620,34641948,Posted: 31 August,all,Sorami,hella high
,Recommended,554620,34641987,Posted: 31 August,all,Mortal,"First episode is hella good.Now, if you would excuse me, I'm a bit emotional and need a box of pizza."
76561198296953510,Recommended,554620,34641976,Posted: 31 August,all,TrueVGaming,"Note: This review will be updated as the episodes,This is my opinion on the game and you are entitled to yours.Episode #1: Awake ReviewAs a fan of the first life is strange I can say that the game is as good as the first.The story for episode 1 is great,the background for rachel is somewhat missing but great for whats there.I say if your a fan of the first Life is Strange,I reccomend you pick it up and give it a playthrough yourself and have some fun."
,Recommended,554620,34665243,Posted: 1 September,all,Leyva,"Amazing music, tough choices, nice graphics.Improve a lot especially the lip-sync issue from the original LIS. :p"
,Recommended,554620,34643144,Posted: 31 August,all,"Donald Trumpster ""1337"" ""420""",Hella Awesome!
76561198341445664,Recommended,554620,34665286,Posted: 1 September,all,lincc925,Ｇｉｍｍｅ　ｍｅ　ｍｏｒｅ　ｐｌｓ．
,Recommended,554620,34654847,Posted: 1 September,all,Švedski Šved iz Švedske,"Enjoyed it way more than I thought I would. Appears to be around 2 hours of storyline gameplay in episode 1. Runs okay, everything's okay really, except for the mouse controls, the dead zone thingy is pretty bad. Otherwise, very fine launch and very fine product."
,Recommended,554620,34664981,Posted: 1 September,all,Luke {Katia},"It's legitimately amazing. Made me cry 3 separate times and ripped my heart out, and this was only the first episode. If you were a fan of the first game then Before the Storm will wreck your emotions completely. There's less of a puzzle aspect to this one as Chloe doesn't possess any supernatural powers (yet), but it's IMO better than the first."
,Recommended,554620,34666350,Posted: 1 September,all,kat,"You play as the rebel Chloe Price from the first Life is Strange, and play through events that unfolded before Max returned to Arcadia Bay. Almost none of the original voiceactors return, sadly (Not that they didn't want to, but many of them are involved in the voice actor strike thats been going on for almost a year now, due to the way voice actors are treated). I was very iffy on this, but after playing through the episode I can assure you it didn't lose its touch. You can choose to be Chloe's usual tornado-self, or try to be more understanding and caring with others. You get to know Rachael Amber, and the other students at blackwell. The first episode was amazing! My only complaint is that I have to wait to play the second one."
76561198000094900,Recommended,554620,34663972,Posted: 1 September,all,swith,I'm so happy someone brought back insult swordfighting as a game mechanic.
,Recommended,554620,34664253,Posted: 1 September,all,x[[deADeyeKILLER]x,Game is abit slow in the Beginning but once you get to about half way though it gets freaking awesome!!No controller support for some reason im sure it will be fixed in the future though.If you played the Orignal game get ready for some different voice actors they can really throw you off at first. But its not to bad. The new chactors that are added to the game are really good and im excited for the next epsoides to descover more about them.
76561198381650878,Recommended,554620,34664377,Posted: 1 September,all,sarat cm punk,I'm in love with this game Plzz release all episodes soon
,Recommended,554620,34665477,Posted: 1 September,all,The Nraza,"Great game, buy it"
,Recommended,554620,34665728,Posted: 1 September,all,Nill,game is awesome. can't wait to play episode 2
76561198166642707,Recommended,554620,34665404,Posted: 1 September,all,HappyRogue,"This game is actually good. I thought this would be a disappointment and the new devs won't be as good as Dotnod (devs of LiS 1), but it's actually good. I loved the story. It's awesome to play as Chloe Price, and I really wanted to know more about Rachel when I played LiS and this game clearly delivers it. If you are someone who didn't like LiS 1, you'll probably not like this game too. This game, according to me, seems like a game only for the fans of LiS 1 or people who love stories based on choices. And one more thing I love about this game is, once you make a decision, it's done. Cannot be reverted since there's no time reversal. Only one thing I don't like about this game for now (Since only one episode is out) is, it's too short. I barely took 3-4 hours to finish the story and it took me 5 hours to get all the achievements. It's too short. Hope the developers make the other episodes more lengthy, at least worth 10 hours each episode. Overall, I'd recommend it to LiS fans only."
,Recommended,554620,34651475,Posted: 31 August,all,Axiliunn,"I didn't know what to expect going into a prequel game - everything felt pretty set in stone from LiS so how much more could we get? Turns out a LOT and Episode 1 was awesome. This is really filling out the story in the best way, and giving Chloe (and Rachel) more depth as we look into what they were dealing with while Max was gone. So many emotions I wasn't expecting to be approached, they're really handling Chloe's character so well - I can't wait for Episode 2"
76561197987885001,Recommended,554620,34638844,Posted: 31 August,all,Tossen,Nice game love it <3
,Recommended,554620,34651636,Posted: 31 August,all,FluffyAngelicFox,Oh boy here I go feeling sad again!
,Recommended,554620,34651470,Posted: 31 August,all,gothamist,Amazing First Episode to start this amazing game off. Fantastic story and runs perfectly and hella high settings.Thank you Deck Nine for continuning to make high quality content!
,Recommended,554620,34651717,Posted: 31 August,all,Lucifer Morningstar,This game is sofa king awesome....11/10 would jump off a train again.
,Recommended,554620,34651722,Posted: 31 August,all,Skeleton Bride,I've played Life is Strange so many times and Before The Storm is just as amazing as I'd hoped! LIS took til the last episode to make me cry but episode 1 of BTS had me bawling. Side note though.....Is it SUPPOSED to glitch like that at the ending? My game was glitching HARD at the end scene and during the preview for the next episode.
,Recommended,554620,34651728,Posted: 31 August,all,necro_p3nguin (Achaner),The feels return.
76561198186914595,Recommended,554620,34655558,Posted: 1 September,all,P4ND43M0N1UM,"It's going to be a blast. Serious family problems, a new friend, getting in trouble and the mystery of Rachel's family. The ending was HELLA stunning. Just amazing."
,Recommended,554620,34655567,Posted: 1 September,all,ludwig,"On contrary to Max's personality of avoiding crisis, Chloe thrives through crisis and you don't feel much guilt when being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The story and scenery is beautiful as always. Looking forward to episode 2!"
76561198298595468,Recommended,554620,34655298,Posted: 1 September,all,Hourless,"A deeply emotional game for me, don't want to spoil it too much but it relates to me in terms of loss.Pro's:-Soundtracks in the game are amazing-The choices are very much like The Walking Dead Telltale Games, where you have to make tough choices-The characters are very easy to like or dislike, it makes me care more about the character i'm playing and that's a big thing for me-Very emotional story that was executed so well it really had me engulfed in it-Voice acting was superb-The character your playing will be easy to love, just like Clementine was to all those Walking Dead fans out there-The conversation battles are pretty simple and i'm glad they are and provide quite a bit of humorCon's:-Only con I had was Xbox One controller support, couldn't get the controller to work and I've been seen other people having problems with it. I just ended up using Mouse and Keyboard hopefully there is a fix for it by next episode.-Only other con I could give it, it's really only half a con I wish it wasn't so short haha Looking forward to the next episode.Overall a fantastic start to this series, love these kinds of games. If your a Walking Dead Telltale Games series fan I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this."
,Recommended,554620,34661625,Posted: 1 September,all,Lt. Ghost,Just amazing !
,Recommended,554620,34665950,Posted: 1 September,all,ツ Rbn',This game is...hard to find words for it. I'd say fascinating. It draws you into the spell of Chloe Price and her life. So much feelings she is living through. It's really tenderhearted. The story is awesome till now. Can't wait for Episode 2!
76561198062886816,Recommended,554620,34665063,Posted: 1 September,all,Wolf Leader,"I dont generally review games, unless they are fantastic or horrible. This, hands down, is one of the best that I have ever got my hands on. The first episode brings you on a new journey, with some hints to the first game that will make you smirk. If you are able to relate to Chloe's life, then this will be an extremely emotional game for you. At the time of this review, only the first episode is released. I recommend buying the deluxe edition, because who wouldn't want more stuff for a little bit more. The first episode is just as, if not more, emotional than the first game. It will be a rollercoaster, but you will love it.Pros:-Chloe-Great story so far-Beautiful-EmotionalCons:-(At time of this review, may be fixed after your reading this)My xbox contoller is a bit wonkey, meaning it doesnt want to work right. You can move around when walking or selecting choices, but anything else you need to use your mouse(when using menu)"
76561198002127590,Recommended,554620,34665098,Posted: 1 September,all,Horst Hasselhoff,I highly recommend it. Episode 1 has fulfilled my expectations one hundred percent.Even though you play a sixteen year old Chloe who clearly can´t change the past you will still feel like you´re playing Life is Strange.
76561198143711363,Recommended,554620,34654970,Posted: 1 September,all,long tape,Its ok
,Recommended,554620,34665383,Posted: 1 September,all,저스틴,I did not expect it to be this good. It feels consistent with Life Is Strange.I can't wait for the next episode.
76561198071044912,Recommended,554620,34665436,Posted: 1 September,all,Dababoy,I've waited so long for this and now I have to wait even loooonger for next episodes.Just the fact that we can play the early Chloe is enough for 5 stars.High expectations on next upcoming episodes!One thing for sure is we'll see a lot of gamers playing Life is Strange 1 over again after they finish this one!
76561198177002086,Recommended,554620,34662879,Posted: 1 September,all,Freaty Clalk,More LIS! Hella yes
,Recommended,554620,34662907,Posted: 1 September,all,JunYourAlly,such a good game it is cant wait for episode 2
,Recommended,554620,34661655,Posted: 1 September,all,Saul ツ,gay
,Recommended,554620,34659987,Posted: 1 September,all,tonidellav,"Stunning. This prequel is almost perfect. I didn't find bugs and I couldn't stop playing, because of the magic that you can find in this first episode."
76561198107867331,Recommended,554620,34655690,Posted: 1 September,all,可阿兒ㄧ,First 15 mins mehhh probably will be boring not really good as the first one.When it finished WHAT... I DIDN'T EXPECT THIS.PLEASE I'M NOT READY WITH THISKinda disappointed tho it only has 4 episodes (include with deluxe edition)
,Recommended,554620,34661831,Posted: 1 September,all,Georges Clemenceau,"Good, for sure."
,Recommended,554620,34663701,Posted: 1 September,all,Comrie,"Very short review:Is this as good as the original? No, it's not. It's still an enjoyable two to three hours of playtime and possibly an extra hour if you go back to complete the achievements but it doesn't feel a rip off as I enjoyed the narrative and returning to Arcadia Bay, even if some of the voices threw me at first.Looking forward to part two."
76561198052216989,Recommended,554620,34663613,Posted: 1 September,all,Taya,Good first episode. I was worried with a different company taking this over that it wouldn't be the same. Nut other than a slight change in controls when selecting what to do it's very true to the original game.The first episode took me 4 hours to play which is a decent amount of time. Can't wait for the rest!
,Recommended,554620,34663757,Posted: 1 September,all,NotKnowForU,"What a great game again, full of details and metaphors. Soundtrack is insane again. Topic is even more intense.Hella good Job Deck9.Cant wait for next episodes"
76561197974054167,Recommended,554620,34663762,Posted: 1 September,all,liena,I wasn't sure what to expect from this game.I had hopes based on my previous experience of the series but I was certainly not expecting this HUGE emotional blow in my face.
76561198011506495,Recommended,554620,34665043,Posted: 1 September,all,Sabella,"How did a new team with a new engine and new actors manage to make such a great installment of Life is Strange?  By any measure this should have been a disaster.But this game is so emotional and so well written and seems to be building up to a really fascinating mystery.  Everything I felt about the first game, but this one feels more mature.I loved it."
,Recommended,554620,34656413,Posted: 1 September,all,Zagatron6000,"BEST GAME EVER!it's an amazing addition to the life is strange game.it is a completely different game with different mechanics.it shows how chole copes with max leaving and chole's dead dad.i recomend this to ANYONE, even if you have not played life is strange or not."
,Recommended,554620,34656446,Posted: 1 September,all,fifo5220,After 1st Episode: So far so good. Meeting Rachel and how she met Chloe is what I wanted to know since she was mentioned in Life is Strange First Season. I gotta say there is something special between friendships
76561198031416575,Recommended,554620,34656506,Posted: 1 September,all,SeaZzeR,"As good as the first one, maybe even better."
,Recommended,554620,34656515,Posted: 1 September,all,Teslaron,This Game is hella good!!!
76561198076439990,Recommended,554620,34656492,Posted: 1 September,all,Prunelliᐛ)ᕗ,"My beloved series ever since i played the first Life Is Strange last year, anyone who wishes to be taken on an emotional journey in a heavily rich storyline game should get this. What makes a game successful is making people connect with the characters by the time it ends, and this game does exactly that.In this prequel, You're playing as young Chloe Price. Before Max Caulfield ( The main protagonist in the first series) came back. Not going into much spoilers but you'll be taken on a journey of her childhood struggles and what makes Chloe, well, Chloe in the the first Life Is Strange.Fyi, this game also showed me how good i really am at insulting and talking back to people lul. Its a system that has replaced the old ""rewind"" system in the first game to get what you want. 11/10."
,Recommended,554620,34656470,Posted: 1 September,all,tunebreaker,"Being a huge fan of Life is Strange, I entered this game with low expectations, already presuming I'll be disappointed. I've never been a fan of any kind of prequels, and knowing you won't see Max already sounded like a bad idea.But... I wasn't disappointed. I have to finish 2 other episodes before making any real comparisons to the main game, but I really think ep. 1 was very well done.Hard to say if it's a pro or a con, but Before the Storm is certainly more ""realistic"" and has less of that magical/sci-fi element LIS had (with Max time travelling). Also, for me, I think playing as Chloe was even a bit more relatable than playing as Max. The feeling of having lost a friend and hating them for not contacting you, but still missing them deeply and would take them back in a heartbeat is very familiar. Plus - Chloe seems to be in heavier music than Max. :DCan't wait to play the next episodes to give my final verdict."
,Recommended,554620,34656430,Posted: 1 September,all,T1Jah,epidsode 1: 10/10 didn't think the feels was going to hit this early in the gameepisode 2: TBAspisode 3: TBA
,Recommended,554620,34656544,Posted: 1 September,all,chome,Was a lot better than I expected. I wasn't going to buy it until I saw the overwhelming positive rating from the players who I trust more than game reviews.The players were right. The voices were even good which I was most dreading. Some of the voices were the same like Victoria and Nathan but even the ones who weren't sounded really close. The girl that did Chloe did a really good job as well. I barely cared while playing it - it was that close. It had some major feel moments. Good Job Deck nine.
76561198041158961,Recommended,554620,34652833,Posted: 31 August,all,Lyper,Well thats some good storytelling at its finest
,Recommended,554620,34653930,Posted: 1 September,all,maskedlord76,misadventures of your bae and her ex.
,Recommended,554620,34647832,Posted: 31 August,all,__,"Posting this for information, as the minimum requirements in the description are higher than the ""first"" Life is Strange and i thought i wouldn't be able to play it then, i could play this first episode with an old core 2 duo E8400 3ghz and a GTX 1050 TI on ""hella high"" settings in 1080p without a problem. I thought the CPU would really not be enough but i was wrong, i'm glad i tried anyway. (That old dual core has no hyperthreading. You can check CPU benchmarks if you need to get better idea if you're wondering too.)As for the review of the first ep... Well i don't usually write reviews, i'm only going to mention a few tidbits.I was a little wary the prequel would perhaps be a bit too much of a ""fan service"" game (i was more waiting for Dontnod's LiS 2) but hm, perhaps even if it is, i enjoyed that episode a lot. Enjoyed spending time again with Chloe and other characters in Arcadia Bay.Another thing i was afraid were some animations from previews videos, mostly faces animations, which bothered me a bit... But in the end, i was often amazed as how some characters' animations (mostly Chloe's), body language animations in general were really really nicely done. Captiured some genuine characters reactions / emotions. I'd trade that kind of stuff over hyper realism any time. Loved many many 'shots' and framings in this episde too.So yeah, waiting for episode 2 now."
,Recommended,554620,34653959,Posted: 1 September,all,_Shad0w9278_,first episode is already emotional. cant wait for the 2nd and 3rd episode of the game 9/10
76561197968524115,Recommended,554620,34655074,Posted: 1 September,all,MarySue,"I never thought meaningless tasks like busting open a landscape viewer to impress a chick would be so much fun. Not to mention playing DnD as a barbarian named Barb. I adored the first game, and this 'prequel' has gone up and above my expectations. Just sit back and notice some of the subtle facial expressions of the characters in the cutscenes. It's awesome, and I found myself laughing out loud at several lines too."
,Recommended,554620,34655085,Posted: 1 September,all,SMOrc,Not disappointed.
76561198033170254,Recommended,554620,34659215,Posted: 1 September,all,Kain,Ay Dios Mio!
,Recommended,554620,34659273,Posted: 1 September,all,Arsu Bhai,No lesbian action... YET
,Recommended,554620,34661030,Posted: 1 September,all,BIG MONEY,"Actually really good, I was very suprised. Adds alot to the story and also to the original game. The change in Chloe's voice actor is not really noticeable unless you play the games back to back. All in all, very much worth it if you liked the first game, the level of quality is on par with the original, one could even argue Before the Storm has better character development."
,Recommended,554620,34661063,Posted: 1 September,all,Lady McCracken,"The same lovely syle that we all grew to love with the first game is now back, and may I say that even with only the first episode out, I already love it more than the original game.In a way, it's a little weird playing certain moments knowing this is a prequel, if only because we already know the fate of certain characters. Yet at the same time, I think that's what makes playing it so exciting! Getting to throw caution to the wind at certain times because we know Chloe's going to make it to the orignal game is something I would have never done with Max, yet I absolutely loved every time I got to do it.With all that being said, there were two little flaws I found while playing.1) Chloe's voice sounded a little echoey (but nothing bad enough that you couldn't look past if it's never fixed)and 2) There was a certain scene that felt added just to prolong the episode, and while no where near as bad- I got some horror flashbacks of looking for all those damned bottles from the first game.All in all though, amazing first episode.Expect some pretty hard feels coming your way, and watch for that moment of foreshadowing.You'll know exactly what I mean when you see it<3"
,Recommended,554620,34660488,Posted: 1 September,all,King of Kappa,10/10 would feel like sh*t again
,Recommended,554620,34660498,Posted: 1 September,all,RoseSapphire,"Thoroughly recommend this game to anyone who liked the original Life is Strange, enjoying it just as much."
,Recommended,554620,34657584,Posted: 1 September,all,Starbuck2stronk,would bang 10/10
76561198023872656,Recommended,554620,34657856,Posted: 1 September,all,Ｋｒｉｓｔｕｓ,"Judging by the first episode, the game has evolved quite far. Chloe seems to fit better in the role of a main character than Max. Her personality is much deeper and promises to deliver a more refined story. If the two following episodes can keep up, then this game might be my new favourite in the LiS series."
76561198142261544,Recommended,554620,34657650,Posted: 1 September,all,JamezMeep,Amazing. Feels a lot like the first one which couldn't be any better. I recommend 100% to anyone
,Recommended,554620,34652979,Posted: 31 August,all,Yoitsu,"Life is Strange: Before the StormEpisode: 1 ReviewIf you didnt know life is strange before the strom is a prequel to life is strange following chloe and her life after max leaves.Graphics and sound: the game is quite buitiful which caught me by suprise since the first life is strange had graphics that were meh. The music that plays through out the episode is just as good if not better then the original game. Well looking at the game and listening to the music it almost gives off a immersive type feeling. My only complaint here is that at some points youll be talking to someone and their be no music which feels uncomfortable in a way but maybe thats just meGameplay: The game was still a choice based game but unlike the first game the choices feel like they have alot more meaning also when interacting with things it feels like you've got more control in a wayOverall the first episode was great i'd give it a thumbs up. Plus the little ""eastereggs"" throughout the game really just gives a feeling like alot of love and care went into the game."
76561198100870963,Recommended,554620,34657948,Posted: 1 September,all,[LMG]LouisDeMontcalm,"The game completely sends you back to the wondrous background of Arcadia bay , even each character reminds you of the first game and each of them is genuine and perfectly characterised (even that assshole of Nathan...) . Clearly the characters are different because of their age (they are all 16 included Chloe ,our main character) . Moreover , in my humble opinion, the graphic leaves a lump in your throat and the relationship /friendship with Rachel , who still is an unknown but brilliant character, is well worked and makes you moved more than you may possibly think . Thanks for this game Decknine , ♥♥♥♥ you because now i'll have to wait for the new episode ....♥♥♥♥ YOU!P.S. the worst thing of the game is the wait ...."
76561198260042032,Recommended,554620,34657968,Posted: 1 September,all,marinavsingh88,good start
,Recommended,554620,34653681,Posted: 1 September,all,Hiruko,WHEN IS EPISODE 2?!
76561198014174427,Recommended,554620,34653714,Posted: 1 September,all,Conclave,Fun date with Rachel Amber
,Recommended,554620,34653747,Posted: 1 September,all,RealmBook,"This game is hella awesome. I would recommend you guys to play the first game before playing this. The ""what the heck is happening"" question will be solved if you play this game first, so please do purchace Life is Strange first."
,Recommended,554620,34657501,Posted: 1 September,all,ʰᵘᵇᵈᵘᵇˢ,hella emotional
76561198159767983,Recommended,554620,34639558,Posted: 31 August,all,Red_Wolf_PL,Had minor issues with a xbox 360 pad but it got resolved. Nize game ;D
76561198284426452,Recommended,554620,34657141,Posted: 1 September,all,mattamazingballz,As a huge fan of the first game I have so many thoughts about this game...so I'll just throaw a few out there...As an adult guy I feel a little weird about being so into a teenage lesbian love story but it's actually very romantic.....it's not actually sexual in any way.....just feeling for Chloe and getting to join her being in love for the first time....I don't know...I miss Max. I will give Rachel a chance after this episode.....but every little thing of Max's I find makes me miss her....I liked this. It was very short.....but any little bit of Arcadia Bay I can get is worth it.....I think most fans feel this way....
76561198130823711,Recommended,554620,34656984,Posted: 1 September,all,Ethannex1,"If you enjoyed Life is Strange, than this game is a must own!So far Episode 1 has already added a lot more to both Chloe's character and Rachel's.I'm a completionist so I looked at everything and talked to everyone in this first episode and that took me 4.5 hours to complete which really surprised me since most episodic games are 1.5-2 hours length.Life is Strange: Before the Storm is well worth $16.99 and also consider getting the deluxe edition for some extra stuff!The game is also written by Ashly Burch"
76561198013108664,Recommended,554620,34657170,Posted: 1 September,all,O.D.,Deck Nine stays true to the series. Thumbs UP!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj-NvYJCSLw
,Recommended,554620,34657184,Posted: 1 September,all,Holzkohlen,It's good thus far. The first episode is more engaging than the main game's one. Let's hope it can match the emotional impact of the later episodes though.Graffiti collector mode is a definitive plus.
76561198143492364,Recommended,554620,34657065,Posted: 1 September,all,The Jester hellcase.com,"At first Chloe's voice sounds weird, but it was close to the first game, just a little weird. You'll get used to it in no time.The gameplay was fine.The story, oh the story....At the beginning you wont think something like this will happen. It was good, it was fine, it was emotional.Can't wait for the next episode"
,Recommended,554620,34657444,Posted: 1 September,all,Stellafane,HELLA AWESOME
,Recommended,554620,34656840,Posted: 1 September,all,xStreedie,"This game will break your feels just like the first game.Buy it, seriously, it's good."
,Recommended,554620,34656862,Posted: 1 September,all,Vine-Tyan,Лучший симулятор pizdoстрадания 12/10.
,Recommended,554620,34660148,Posted: 1 September,all,fadeaway-,"Missed the Life is Strange atmosphere so much, i'm loving this game a lot already."
,Recommended,554620,34659849,Posted: 1 September,all,Oneshot1killWWE,Stellar
,Recommended,554620,34659890,Posted: 1 September,all,Anhar_mA,You dont need a superpower to make urself cry
,Recommended,554620,34660418,Posted: 1 September,all,IndieAme,"Deck Nine, please... RELEASE THE NEXT EPISODES ASAP T_T"
76561198329062583,Recommended,554620,34661648,Posted: 1 September,all,.R's girl,"I loved Life is Strange and I couldn't wait for the release of Life is Strange: Before the Storm. I'm beeing a little upset for the technical issues that are coming up. I know it's just one day from the release, but I spent all this time trying to make the game work. Today I went for testing again if it worked and it did, but right now I'm a little upset again because I played just 15 minutes and it crashed. I tryed several times and I found out that crashes always at the same point. On the Steam Community I found out that is a common problem, but this doesn't erase my disappointment. I recommend the game, because I love the title and I can't get enough of LiS. I waited so long for this to come out and I think worth it. I'm just disappointed for the technical issues, but I'm faithfull that will be fixed as soon as possible."
,Recommended,554620,34646108,Posted: 31 August,all,drwn,"I must admit I had many doubts for this prequel beforehand. After the first episode, all my doubts are gone, and I'm just enjoying the ride, just like during the original game. Can definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,554620,34647625,Posted: 31 August,all,CorditeBurn,"Purchased the deluxe as soon as it was out, it's gots something to do with life is strange, take my money, steam!Hmmm... new studio, ah oh    ........new voice actor, errr, wtf......   your adding what in the software? %^$£""^%$£^%$^!!!!!Released today, download, deep breath, .......playAwsome, just freakin hella awsome, straight back in arcadia like a gut punch in the feels."
,Recommended,554620,34647048,Posted: 31 August,all,Durandal,"Start of episode: Ready for the feels trip, shaka brah!End of episode: Lie down. Try not to cry. Cry a lot. ;_;"
,Recommended,554620,34647061,Posted: 31 August,all,MarsKiller,What can i say? The first episode starts already great.- Good Music (Just like in the LiS 1)- Story starts great. (Only hope they don't mess it up at the end of the story agian. But we will see.)- I can finaly let my inner punk girl out.. (Not that i'm one)The only con i have so far...We have to wait and wait.. And wait... agian for the next episode.
76561198051124446,Recommended,554620,34647906,Posted: 31 August,all,Samael,"The one of the best game with storytelling in the high level. The first season in the original Dontnod game we met Chloe after a metamorphosis, but now We finally see the little sweet Chloe and we can watch how she falling in love with Rachel Amber. Its amazing, even if I know what exatcly goes after this game. Because Before the Storm is a prequel to Life is Strange 1. I can't wait for the true sequel from Dontnod.They try hard to keep the same atmosphere from the original content, They (Deck Nine ofc) did great job and its super cool to met the characters like Joyce, David or even Victoria or Nathan. And I'm glad to meet the new guys from Arkadia Bay.Now its time to Ambrice or Pricember ship or something, cuz Rachel is Chloe crush! XDThe game has a amazing story, too short but oh well, We can goes more long with the explore the terrain or get the longer dialogues.The game has a great art graphics, and its so good to see the same work and the same style of design the game.This game has finally the trully atmosphere that You can't find in other games, This game has spirit, of course that spirit comes from the first Life is Strange.Also check the playlist, if You like Daughter music or indie rock and other genres like this, just try to listen the music in the game, You can sit with Chloe at the same time and relax with the good music.Here take this advices and this virtues and just buy the game and revel in this piece of art!"
76561198034396715,Recommended,554620,34646323,Posted: 31 August,all,Vam-bie!,"Played episode 1,loved it.Chloe's expressions and remarks are incredibly funny; her broken feelings and the way she expresses them give a strong, deep connection with her. Since she was a favourite of mine in the first game, this means thumbs up."
,Recommended,554620,34646339,Posted: 31 August,all,Paiveus,"Brilliant.- All the best parts of Life is Strange, amplified with added humour, character, backstory, artfully arranged dialogue, better expressions and body language, and neat new adjustments to the gameplay.- I've fallen for Chloe all over again, as Before the Storm provides a deeper look into her character, revealing sides to her previously unseen, as well as a look into the elusive Rachel Amber.- Characters from Life is Strange make appearances, this time with a fresh look at familiar characterstics and behaviours, pre-Max.- Genuinely touching journal entries, pumped with Chloe's attitude and her great sense of humour, as well as further insight into her state and situation after Max left for Seattle (so, pre-Life is Strange setting).- Chloe's tongue in cheek humour and attitude never fails to amuse, entertain or hit home.It's all I had hoped for and more.10/10 recommend."
,Recommended,554620,34646356,Posted: 31 August,all,Azry,So far a very good return to the Life is Strange World
,Recommended,554620,34646477,Posted: 31 August,all,Max Caulfield,"You need to play first game to love this one. Otherwise it would disappoint you. It borrowed alot from 1st part.Still Good one. Previous was ofcourse wayyyyyyyyyyyyy better. But I expected even lesser from DeckNine but they 'kind of' nailed it.But there is no sense of mystery that I loved about 1st game that doesnt exist here, but 2 more episodes to come. and my choice of dresses is awesome :)"
76561198042290497,Recommended,554620,34646034,Posted: 31 August,all,Misa-Sama,"I was so worried about how this game would turn out now that it was in the hands of Deck Nine, but I am actually very impressed! They have completely nailed the art style and atmosphere of the first game, and I couldn’t have asked for a better outcome.I don’t know if it’s just me but I did have some issues with the subtitles skipping at times while the characters were talking, and a few times the voices got skipped so I didn’t hear the end of the sentence.So far the story seems very interesting and have a way more powerful first episode with great new characters, conversations, interactions and emotions. The new backtalk feature is a really fun and interesting spin to the game as well.I would of course recommend this game because it’s so beautiful on so many levels! So great job Deck Nine, you’re awesome – I really can’t wait for the next episode! :D"
76561198043257059,Recommended,554620,34645965,Posted: 31 August,all,The funny sad and fat cat,"Hella awesome.Same mood as the first one, in my opinion even better. Music is as always on point and the new gameplay mechanics of Chloe's dialogues are refreshing and a nice challenge to spice up the gameplay. In generell I got the feeling that the story telling and dialogues are better written than in the first one. Maybe it is the protagonist itself, Max was always a bit cringey but Chloe seems more real and to be honest, way cooler.What I am missing at the moment is a button to skip a dialouge like in the first game. When you restart at a checkpoint you need to hear all the stuff again which is a bit annoying if you ♥♥♥♥ up often or if you want to see the reaction to another dialogue choice. Or maybe I am just an idiot for not knowing how to skip.Anyways - great game fellas. Can't wait for the other episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34646040,Posted: 31 August,all,Makina3X,I highly reccomend u to play prequel if u loved original game. 1st episode hella rules! Cant wait for the next one
76561198275398872,Recommended,554620,34646045,Posted: 31 August,all,Todd Chavez,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Recommended,554620,34646056,Posted: 31 August,all,Melie,"this game. it really got to me, even more than the first opus. im looking forward playing the other episodes.i have to thank my best friend, who offered me the first episode of LiS back then and I couldn't stop dreaming about a sequel - or a prequel too I guess - ever since. this game is a key-element in my life, adressing huge issues that get to me. thank you."
,Recommended,554620,34645955,Posted: 31 August,all,ItsLyanna,"Wow. Just wow. I wasn't expecting much, what with the game being from a different team entirely, but they nailed it! I am so excited for Episode 2. Definitely a must-buy after playing Life Is Strange."
76561198405523723,Recommended,554620,34645618,Posted: 31 August,all,arandomdude13,Just as good as the first one. It only took the game around 15 to 20 min to nerly break me. My favrite thing is the insult mode it's supper fun. The music tho are not as good as it was in the first one but it's still songs that gos stright in to the spotfy play list. This game fells a lot sader than the first one wich it's a ♥♥♥♥ing acomplishment so good jobb deck nine and all the others who has made this game. Sry for the recension is a bit all over the place. It's my first
,Recommended,554620,34649199,Posted: 31 August,all,Gurtec,"The Characters, The Artwork, The Emotions, The soundtrack, ♥♥♥♥EN FLAWLESS"
,Recommended,554620,34649221,Posted: 31 August,all,†βլ֍֍ᴆլՈᴤϮ†,"Great game, looking forward for the next episode!"
,Recommended,554620,34652485,Posted: 31 August,all,Alice Snakebitch,"you get to play dnd before skipping class with your girlfriend, 10/10 game of the year"
,Recommended,554620,34652499,Posted: 31 August,all,Cuppycake,Made me cry on the first episode.
76561198028107534,Recommended,554620,34652282,Posted: 31 August,all,Terry Tugboat,.
,Recommended,554620,34652311,Posted: 31 August,all,♪∿♫ R I B S T E R,SMASH
,Recommended,554620,34652315,Posted: 31 August,all,aLLynMaFia,And now I have to wait for next episodes. Great.
,Recommended,554620,34652209,Posted: 31 August,all,CIPHER,Expecting more from story
76561198324439530,Recommended,554620,34646197,Posted: 31 August,all,德布鲁因,我想知道为什么进入游戏提示我与steam连接已丢失？
76561198040420397,Recommended,554620,34652421,Posted: 31 August,all,themuffpiston,"Like many people, I hoped for the best and prepared for the worst with this one, made by a different company with a different Chloe voice actor. However, it absolutely shattered my expectations and I am hungry for more. Episode 1 was an incredible game and while it literally keeps the exact same look and feel as the old game, it is innovative and makes up for the fact that it no longer includes time travel. Bravo, cannot wait for the next one."
,Recommended,554620,34727091,Posted: 3 September,all,ɲɨǥhţ$ℓąЌ€2,"Amazing game, fantastic storyline and music that fits the gameplay. Backtalk feature is hilarious to listen to. A must buy game to get. 10/10"
,Recommended,554620,34727770,Posted: 3 September,all,Tiara Kutchadikov,The feels. I  hate Chloe less in this game.
,Recommended,554620,34682442,Posted: 2 September,all,Smart Boy,"Wow good game. In this game we can reveal who the rachel amber that has not been revealed in life is strange 1. I highly recommend this game. For those who have not tried, try it. And you will be amazed by the story given by deck nine.Thanks Deck Nine. I can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34681402,Posted: 2 September,all,Tomtemort,"The music, the story, the gameplay everything about the game (first episode) pretty much blew my expectations out of the water. Deck Nine has made a tremendously good game and it truly lives up to the first one (so far), something that I was worried of."
,Recommended,554620,34681790,Posted: 2 September,all,Dirac Lotus,"I'm a huge Life is Strange fan, so was expecting to be rather biased going into this game. But holy hell. Before the Storm ROCKS.Pros:-Canonical queer representation (thought LiS was queer? Before the Storm ups the ante)-Excellent writing-Perfect teen drama (THE FEELS. IT HURTS SO GOOD.)-The return of many beloved (or reviled characters).-Great Soundtrack. Daughter does a top notch job capturing the feel of the game and enhancing the atmosphere.-Chloe's Backtalk. If you enjoy being an angsty sarcastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you'll be right at home in Chloe's head.Cons:-You meet Rachel Amber. It does dispel some of the mystery from the original LiS game. But it's pretty damn worth it.-You have to wait for the next two episodes. :(10/10 would suffer again."
76561197986596613,Recommended,554620,34681951,Posted: 2 September,all,Pear,"Life of the awesome angsty punk girl, Chloe. Good shiz and good music!"
,Recommended,554620,34681955,Posted: 2 September,all,Freija,"I'll just get this out of the way and say, ""Yes you should certainly buy this game."" It resonated with me emotionaly, has a great aesthetic, and is fun to play. This game presents its characters as complex individuals, which is something many modern games are lacking in.This game made me cry.I've been emotionaly vulnerable for a day and a half, because watching a character unable to deal with trauma from her past reminded me that I'm still dealing with mine."
76561198004431735,Recommended,554620,34671571,Posted: 1 September,all,feldor,"I never finished the first Life is Strange, but I got to feel how they (or she) felt. I got stuck, with my life or more like with some ... Then again, I feel no (maybe a little though) regrets starting this new episode(s). Maybe I ""finish"" the first one, or not. Does it make me ... To me I guess, what happens here, is a different story than to any of you... a different.Does history matter, does waiting for this like a .. well not a year but close, matter?Dunno, but all I know, let all enjoy this great story... though I dunno if there's a story. What I am trying to say is... this new ""thing"" looks and feels, good. Nah this feels great story.Buy rent or steal, just get this!Cheers..."
,Recommended,554620,34682092,Posted: 2 September,all,XNDIXX,Eipsode 1 was as great as every other episode! Im so excited for episode2.
76561198320793157,Recommended,554620,34681706,Posted: 2 September,all,MorbidRocco,"Really enjoy the music and story, enjoyed playing Life is strange and would most defernatly reccomend this game for others to play."
,Recommended,554620,34678680,Posted: 2 September,all,LexC,"Hella good game,The story is great and it feels like im playing the first game all over again. I love the back talk, and all the little details in interactions with the other charcters.Only downside is the lack of controller suport, was unable to get past the menu screen with my xbox controller and was forced to play with my mouse. Didn't make the game any less enjoyble though. Still im hoping this will be fixed soon."
,Recommended,554620,34679124,Posted: 2 September,all,dead_alewives,"I may change up this review as more episodes come out. It remains to be seen.TLDR version:Pros:- Outstanding writing- Well fleshed out characters- Great art design- Fantastic music- Stays faithful to the original gameCons:-  Sometimes the voice acting and scene direction miss the mark. Not extremely distracting.- Frame rate can stutter at times.Before the Storm has gotten off to a great start. At first I was hesitant about even getting this game since A: the same developers from the first game didn't work on it, and B: I wondered what even the point of a prequel to L.I.S. proved to serve since we know what's going to happen already.Well, my concerns about the devs was unfounded considering they've written a great story and script so far. I'd even say that the writing is even better than the first in a lot of regards. The animations have improved as well - no longer do characters have flat, expressionless faces. These devs definitely gave this game some tlc when they worked on it.As for my concerns about a L.I.S prequel? Well...that remains to be seen. The story has been compelling enough so far that I want to find out what happens, but since I know what happens to a lot of these characters already, I can't help but feel wary.All in all, I'd recommend it, especially if you're a fan of the first game. I can't wait for the other episodes to be released."
,Recommended,554620,34687856,Posted: 2 September,all,Meykkei,"Me, a harcore Pricefield shipper that thought ""once I have this game I'm going to make Chloe and Rachel only besties"" had to throw that thought out of the window because of how brilliant they wrote Chloe and Rachel's relationship.I LOVED the first game (look at those 60 hours lol) and honestly, I wasn't sure if I was going to like this, mainly because usually prequels and sequels have let me down.But this first episode? It's really good, brilliant, heck, hella fantastic.I got so immersed in playing as Chloe, that maybe the only fault I could give it is the fact that I just couldn't ""shape"" Chloe the way I wanted to because I already knew how Chloe was going to be in the future and it affected my choices (be this a bad or good thing).Overall, it's a great improvement from the first game, better graphics, better dialogue options, fun collectables, in sync voice acting (though I do miss the old VA, not just Chloe) and I dare to say that episode 1 of Life is Strange Before The Storm nailed it even better than the original one.Can't wait for the 2nd episode!"
,Recommended,554620,34675035,Posted: 1 September,all,Bobrobert,Get this game!
,Recommended,554620,34673371,Posted: 1 September,all,PB4000,"D&D simulator 2k17EDIT:Now that I've finished the entire first episode, I can say holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is hella emotional, funny, tense, serious, light, and everything in between. I prefer chloe's character over max. Additionally, Rachel Amber is just... wow. I can't wait for episode 2."
76561198159262497,Recommended,554620,34674693,Posted: 1 September,all,Yondu,The adventure of Kari Price
,Recommended,554620,34675229,Posted: 1 September,all,emmanuelh320,"Incredible!  Simply incredible.  I am speechless.  If you played the first one and enjoyed it, do not hesitate with this one.  This game is pure joy.  Outstanding all around."
76561198067454205,Recommended,554620,34675494,Posted: 1 September,all,TJ,Lesbian Dating Simulator 2017
76561198164651573,Recommended,554620,34645826,Posted: 31 August,all,Beebs,"Most players from the previous game of Life is Strange were worried this game wouldn't have the same quality from before. However, the developers managed to make the game, the characters and the story just as immersive as before. It's the kind of masterpiece that leaves your glass half full in the end. I can't wait to play the next chapter."
,Recommended,554620,34675180,Posted: 1 September,all,H A Y A T O,It's soooo good! Story rich game. So many emotions. It's an amazing game overall. The art style is so unique! Love it!
,Recommended,554620,34675187,Posted: 1 September,all,HornyMcorny,do not but if you want to be a man
,Recommended,554620,34675399,Posted: 1 September,all,thebigshakuna,"What more can I say? This game is nothing short of incredible. It takes the things you love from the first game, improves them, adds a powerful new story with some familiar faces and cranks dem feels up to 11.  After playing chapter 1, I personally can't wait for the next installment of Chloe and Rachel Amber.  If you loved the first Life is Strange, don't think twice. Just get it now."
,Recommended,554620,34676880,Posted: 1 September,all,Kapparina,"And now,I GOTTA EMO AGAIN !"
76561198323447166,Recommended,554620,34676921,Posted: 1 September,all,Doggy_Tree,"OMG! this is by FAR the best game I have played in a long time! The developers did an amazing job, and I can't wait for the next two episodes."
,Recommended,554620,34676792,Posted: 1 September,all,Neon,Why are you still seeing reviews ? BUY IT !
,Recommended,554620,34678750,Posted: 2 September,all,Mr.Toast,"Only episode 1 released so far, but the game already accomplished what the original Life is Strange game did and enthralled me again in the beautiful world of Acadia Bay with another story that so far seems very promising.If you liked the original Life is Strange game, you will like this one too."
76561197970728391,Recommended,554620,34669030,Posted: 1 September,all,Old Man 678,"Pretty amazing game again. Can't wait for episode 2 to come out.Just Like the previous game, this game seems very much like convo's I had with my friends back in the day. The characters are excellent, the music and voice acting are superb, great story, and solid graphics. They have changed a few things up, but seeing characters and interactions that were part of the first game really has brought alot of things together for me. Keeps me captivated all the way through. Episode 2 can't come soon enough.It covers a wide range of emotion from feeling badass and agressive to feelings of sadness and loss and regret. If you don't feel anything playing this game, then something is wrong with you. Terrific game."
,Recommended,554620,34670431,Posted: 1 September,all,Emilliannoe,"Everyone who is bursting with emotions and waiting for the next episode, surely Devs would count to 3 faster than Valve guaranteed xDThat being said; what a hella experience, plus I do like the key-activated actions along with mice involvement and challenge implementation :)"
,Recommended,554620,34670138,Posted: 1 September,all,Krûk,"I do think that the original is better in some minor ways, though that might just be nostalgia, but I do really think this game is worth picking up. I thought the first episode was great and I can't wait till the next one comes out."
,Recommended,554620,34645528,Posted: 31 August,all,春 Ηαʀᴜ,"Just finished episode one. Got all achievements. Holy heck do I recommend this game. Even if you haven't played the original. But if you have.. you know how serious and heartwrenching these games are. Trust me, Before the Storm is quite the ride. Not going to say more as I don't want to spoil anything, especially on launch day. But if you enjoy hard feels, the previous Life is Strange, and/or being a badass rebellious teenage girl, pick it up. Now.tl;dr: Hella good."
,Recommended,554620,34645563,Posted: 31 August,all,Tembro,Can't wait for the next part!
,Recommended,554620,34645579,Posted: 31 August,all,GertrudesSister,There are only to words to decsibe the first epsiode of this game....Hella gooooooooooodIlluminati confimed
76561198356140184,Recommended,554620,34645413,Posted: 31 August,all,Potato tithes,"First episode is better than the first life is strange already, better character development, better script, and smoother gameplay, not to mention the awesome soundtrack too."
,Recommended,554620,34645414,Posted: 31 August,all,Fuor20,Absolutely captured the feel of the original game. Very much looking forward to the rest of it
,Recommended,554620,34645433,Posted: 31 August,all,BlackSteel97,"Returning to Arcadia Bay has been such an incredible experience so far, from seeing all the familiar faces and meeting the new characters to exploring the never seen before sides of the town!Steping into Chloe's shoes we can really feel how hard life is going for her since William's death and how Max's absence is affecting her.And Rachel is nothing of what I expected her to be like.While playing LiS, I always thougth that Rachel saving Chloe from perdition was only a one-way thing... but Rachel has her own problems too. From what I have seen so far, one might say that the relationship between Chloe and Rachel was way stronger than the one between Max and Chloe.And last, but not least:RACHEL AMBER, THE LAST AIRBENDER!!!"
76561198007589930,Recommended,554620,34645446,Posted: 31 August,all,TDog,Great Game!Love the new argument and insult mechanic
,Recommended,554620,34645638,Posted: 31 August,all,JoshieLove,Amazing. Loved it. Can't wait for Episode 2.
76561197970712116,Recommended,554620,34645643,Posted: 31 August,all,xabungle,Awesome game. Character writing is great and Voice actress for Chloe is spot on . Ashley Burch even credited for her help in credits. The end of one left me wanting more now .  Can hardly wait for the next episdoe. Looking forward to it. If you like LIS this really adds to the feels for Rachel and Chloe. I highly recommend it.
76561198066993631,Recommended,554620,34645590,Posted: 31 August,all,Fallen Legends,"If you can look past the fact that the voice actors are different and that max isn't there (which is doable), it feels exactly like Life is Strange. If you loved that game, you're gonna at least like this game too. Guaranteed."
,Recommended,554620,34645243,Posted: 31 August,all,uauizaui | Finding more rum!,They ♥♥♥♥ing nailed it!!!
,Recommended,554620,34645040,Posted: 31 August,all,[ICS] G0AT Ł0VER,Rachel's scream gave my goosebumps. Literally!First episode 10/10. Don't get why people say it dosen't support X360 controller. It did for me.
,Recommended,554620,34645044,Posted: 31 August,all,Jub8Jub,Hella awesome!!
76561198102516239,Recommended,554620,34645295,Posted: 31 August,all,bb,Yes. Just yes.
76561198146626797,Recommended,554620,34645298,Posted: 31 August,all,Kingzeeh シ,Hella Good
,Recommended,554620,34645325,Posted: 31 August,all,DȄZMǾŊD,"I have nothing but praise for this game so far, it doesn't feel foreign or as if this game isnt cannon to life is strange. It feels natural, and in no way forced. Overall a great game so far. The acting is well done 9.5/10"
76561198288949947,Recommended,554620,34691787,Posted: 2 September,all,Mr B.,"I Love this game.Like in the first game, the characters are amazing, the musik is even better and the story is so good.I also like how this game can makes you feel so many diffrent emotions: from being extrem relaxed to feeling so sad.I´ve played the first episode twice now and had a mostly diffrent story (thats what i also love about this game)Can´t wait for the second episode."
76561198013652459,Recommended,554620,34691599,Posted: 2 September,all,Kaylin Kumiho,"You get to play DnD like a nerd, and your power is bullying people. Also the soundtrack is awesome."
76561198101272531,Recommended,554620,34694146,Posted: 2 September,all,Grayarrow96,After just one episode you are back to that Life is strange feeling. This makes you appreciate the first game even more
76561198052311933,Recommended,554620,34694063,Posted: 2 September,all,milkman9391,"It seems like due to season ones success, the writers got more confident. They express that by tackling more difficult topics right from the start, instead of introducing klichee characters who got deeper later on. Chloes perception of the world isnt as bright as Maxs and the game reflects that without loosing its cute and intimate style, we all love lis for. In my mind before the storm is a little more mature than its predecessor, because (so far) it doesnt need the dark turns Max story took, to be edgy and focuses more on Chloes punk attitude and her fight against the world, that doesnt accept her as a part of itself. It even improves on the first games mechanics, which doenst mean that it changes the gameplays style, its still a telltale adventure/cinematic walking simulator. If you liked life is strange, its a safe buy. If you thought it was to immature, wait for the sale and give this one a try. If you didnt like for its gameplay, skip this one."
76561197970395275,Recommended,554620,34694527,Posted: 2 September,all,markbonaccorso,"so far I like this a little better than the original. chloe is a fun character to play as and i like giving attitude in conversations, you can say some pretty funny things. It keeps all the drama from the original and losing the time manipulation mechanics doesnt hurt it at all."
,Recommended,554620,34642754,Posted: 31 August,all,Shaka Rat,"This game is HELLA AWESOME!! Great story, badass chloe, gay vibes.. 11/10"
,Recommended,554620,34696712,Posted: 2 September,all,Mica,"Like life is strange, great game, although i didnt realise only episode 1 was out.I would recomend not playing untill the other episodes ae out as you want to keep the story going."
,Recommended,554620,34696725,Posted: 2 September,all,TheEmilian,"The first episode was excellent and very emotional. I hope that the following episodes will be even better, although I would have liked to have more episodes, if possible, more than in the first game.My feeling about this game is that it's the kind of game you want to never end up because it gives you a great feeling about family, friends, and about life in general.Great thanks to the developers and God to bless you all."
,Recommended,554620,34702707,Posted: 2 September,all,AyyGato,"At the time of writing this I have played episode 1, as it's the only one that has been released thus far.For this review I'm going to be what I found could've been done better, however, my review is still positive. If you want to read why this is already a great game, see all the other positve reviews.Basically, I felt the pacing was very fast during your time with Rachel. From the time Rachel first interacts with you outside the first area of the episode, to the climax, is very short, or feels like it could have been dragged out longer, I personally didn't feel like I had enough information about Rachel to warrant the events during the climax. To me it felt like some things were over-dramatic and could be summed up to teen agnst, it makes some of your interactions with Rachel feel kid-ish and it kind of takes away what I liked so much about season 1.Granted, our characters are a few years younger than when we see them in season 1, so I'm probably nitpicking.Again, those things stood out to me, but they didn't really hinder my enjoyment while playing. Read the other reviews on some of the many reasons to buy this game."
76561198072797959,Recommended,554620,34653871,Posted: 1 September,all,Dickbutt,"Honestly didnt think deck nine could leave the same impact as dontnod did with the first game but boy am i wrong. Its only the first episode and im already getting the feels :( And also the menu screen after finishing the 1st episode, it gave me chills. Its hella lit my dudes. Literally. Cant wait for episode 2 <3"
76561198299950149,Recommended,554620,34702478,Posted: 2 September,all,mr.wiggles,yes shes back plz i loved this  the music and the change of pace from the first game it still hade the same feeling it made me happyrachle is a ♥♥♥♥♥ but i dont know that much  i only played for an hour and kinds got this homo feeling from them whitch i want to know if they where really that way?
76561198042281318,Recommended,554620,34702718,Posted: 2 September,all,Sairvell,"Life is Strange: Before the Storm is everything and more than I could have expected from a prequel to one of my favorite, and most affecting, games. The only person to whom I would not recommend this game is someone who hasn't played the original, not because this game is difficult to follow, but because the tiny flourishes that honor the original Life is Strange would be missed and that would be a shame.The familiar sets of Arcadia Bay are present to be explored again, but from the perspective of Chloe, three years before the events of Life is Strange. As before, the settings display a believable, lived-in world. While the grafitti might not be realistic, per se, it is often authentic to the tenor of the scene, telling us more of Chloe's story. All around are props and pieces for Chloe to comment on, using some great writing and a wry delivery to add depth to the already beautiful graphics and arresting lighting effects.I was worried when I heard that the actor who had voiced Chloe in the original Life is Strange was unavailable due to a SAG-AFTRA strike, but I found her replacement more than adequate. While there were moments when I missed the original actor's ugly/beautiful commitment to expressing the rawest of emotions with such edge and passion, the actor they chose for this game instead lends an excellent cynical bite to Chloe.A small but persistent detraction from the actor's performance was the distracting choice to have all of Chloe's thoughts sound like she's talking into a naked microphone in an empty bathroom. The echoing effect felt cheap, a throwback to a movie from the 60's or something. I think audiences are used to characters narrating their thoughts. We can generally tell when they're actually talking to other characters or for only our benefit.A tremendous number of details litter the world, foreshadwing the events of the first game. Backstory is filled in, rewarding those who played the first game and remember the reference, but none of it is required for enjoying the story; though, Chloe's fixation on Max might seem outsized (or even pathological) to someone who wandered into Before the Storm without having played the original, first.Chloe's journal, much like Max's from the original Life is Strange, is funny, moving and expresses a level of honesty and vulnerability rarely seen in games. Before Life is Strange, I ignored almost all lore in any video game I ever played, only using a journal to keep track of quests. In these games I relish new entries, often stopping in mid-exploration to read the latest.Though I'm more than twice the age of the two leads in this game, their dramas and challenges still ring authentic. Even if years have given me perspective and experience has taught me that everything that end begins again, and everything that begins must end, I'm still taken with the vulnerability expressed by Chloe and, ultimately, her friend Rachel. A good story is a good story, regardless of the ages or backgrounds or preferences of the characters, and Life is Strange: Before the Storm has excellent characters.Much like the teen age years themselves, the dailog does frequently feel disjointed. Tone varies wildly within a scene. Often, noticable pauses, not within the lines themselves (i.e. pausing for dramatic effect), but between characters speaking make exchanges feel awkward. If I had to guess, I'd say that they had too few reads of a particular line or choices of dialog available when they finished recording and tried to stitch the threaded conversations together. This is a relatively small criticism, and it was also a distraction in the original Life is Strange; at least it's consistent.Beyond the well-written dialog and the generally good acting, the highly detailed and characterized sets and great lighting, enable animation, camera angles and music that to levels of story that transcend language.In this sumptuous experience, Life is Strange: Before the Storm also follows in the steps of the original, by beautifully illustrating the more bitter than sweet path that lies ahead for Chloe.I can't wait for Episode 2."
,Recommended,554620,34685006,Posted: 2 September,all,ScHn3tZ4t0r 위대한 지도자,feels
76561198027252867,Recommended,554620,34682996,Posted: 2 September,all,Bohimen,"If ya liked the first, welcome back to the Bae."
,Recommended,554620,34684335,Posted: 2 September,all,TrapLordEustace,this game really gets you if you are not ready for feel trips
,Recommended,554620,34683665,Posted: 2 September,all,Rekhytek | Grunex.com,"I salute you, Deck Nine. It has everything I would want from the Life Is Strange prequel. Can't wait for the next episode. Hella  amazing."
76561198127345608,Recommended,554620,34685604,Posted: 2 September,all,CamSoda,A great prequel! Better than I imagined.
76561198362037942,Recommended,554620,34685621,Posted: 2 September,all,krzysiek.jurzynski,"I will definitely recommend this game to anyone who's into playing through a sentimental, emotional story. The emo packet is huge in this game.Is it as good as the original LiS? Hard to say now, as we've only seen one episode so far. I really liked it though. The climate is pretty much the same. I think in a few months time I'll regret there were only 3 episodes.Have fun, enjoy, it's a very good, 8/10 game."
,Recommended,554620,34685169,Posted: 2 September,all,Recep Tayyip Erdoğan,"I always loved Chloe since I first saw her rescue Max. She was always portrayed as this strong girl who could take everyone on in Lİfe is Strange, but in the second game we see her in more of a vulnerable spot. This let's us see how her character has developed between the games and is devoloping this game. Also the game having the same characters really makes me happy. Even though Chloe's mothers bf looks like the bad guy i just can't be bad at him after the first game. The game is good but feels a little weird without the time rewinding power. The developers put in a talk-back feature to fill up the emptiness, even though it's not as epic as rewinding it is just as powerful. Overall if you played the first game DEFINITELY BUY THIS."
,Recommended,554620,34685569,Posted: 2 September,all,Chi,"Great job on the first episodewas so emotional, so far i find this better than the first one"
,Recommended,554620,34685456,Posted: 2 September,all,Nobody,This is not a video game. I don't know what this is but it hits you right in the feels.Hella Yeah/10
,Recommended,554620,34685479,Posted: 2 September,all,chris_kicks,"I'm so surprised at how engaging this episode was. The game looks beautiful, the music is top notch, the gameplay is similar to the original series, however now you have '♥♥♥♥♥ powers', which forces players to think on their feet. The storyline is a slow-burner in the beginning but it does ramp up. This rivals some of the episodes of the original series."
,Recommended,554620,34685329,Posted: 2 September,all,OldtimerZA,Emotion simulator 2017
76561198097382884,Recommended,554620,34685358,Posted: 2 September,all,kirchhoff,AWESOMEE!! As thrilling and surprising as Life is Strange!First episode was pretty impressive!Totally worth it!
,Recommended,554620,34687336,Posted: 2 September,all,Max2Light,"Life is Strange which is actually the sequel to this LIS: BTS game, was actually pretty strange..its a strange game that starts all of as a Normal teenage game, but takes on a different route with a series of Dark events...Life is Strange ; Before the Storm is no exception on that part, it just starts of with a Character we know very well (If one has played LIS) or A character we are interested to know if one is playing for the first time .Chloe Pricefield...She seems to be someone who has a big mouth, loves to get into a fight, and has a lot of personal issues, at the start we can see her risking her life and getting into trouble.This episode is a clear cut message on whats going on with Chloe and how something starts to change with the entry of character in her life all of a sudden ; Rachy.....sorry I mean Rachel AmberAs a player of the Original LIS ; Season 1 (If your wondering why I say Season 1 , coz the original studio who developed LIS [Dontnod Studio] have confirmed they are working on LIS Season 2 , [Thus Deck nine were hired to make this prequel])I saw this game from a different prespective from a fresh player and made comparisson with the previous LIS+ tives....-Optimization is bang on, coz I ran this game maxed out (Hella High settings) on My Nvidia Geforce GTX 850M - giving approx 67-75 Fps overall , No stutters, glitches lags whateverSo Kudos to Deck 9 studio- The story in the beginning is an intense introduction to Chloe, so one knows something is up with her..... Characters have been rendered pretty well, and characters that were younger in this prequel have been graphically represented well.- Music is spot on , one must get the Deluxe edition to use the mixtape mode for the wonderful relaxing music (Especially the song in the Train by Lantern on the Lake - song - ''Through the cellar door''- Rachel looks awesome, she was a mysterious character in LIS, where her tragic event about her was revealed at the 4th episode of LIS season 1,- Voice acting has been surprisingly good, despite Ashley Burch (The original LIS voice for Chloe) not giving her voice for Chloe due to the Voice actors strike, and another artist giving her voice, she has done a Marvellous job !!- Chloe's main power of her smartass cocky answers to get things done helps us a lot in the events of the stroy which seems to be a nice addition unlike Max of LIS who had a power to rewind towards the past.- Lots of emotion displayed and nice insight into the main characters complex and sad life- Negatives- Environment kept asking for more to be done, like more to explore and interact around- The sprinting animation was a bit lackluster, didn't find much use- The game is Kind of too easy where we can easily see whats to be done.- Main issue Fov (Field of View) - !!! - it can't be adjusted ?! I get its a Interactive game, but it is hard to play on a ultrawide screen with an unadjustable Fov ....- Some characters had very limited interaction unlike LIS S1, so not much can be known about them if one is new to this franchise...Overall;Deck 9 ....WHat a Marvellous job you have done !!!! (You can see my excitment in my speech Lol ;)) , loved your version of LIS,I bet Dontnod Studios and Square Enix will appreciate this work !!8.5/10 !"
76561198360437174,Recommended,554620,34687633,Posted: 2 September,all,火焰之魂Balze,"This is good game.I have take video to Bilibili,I hope everyone can play this good game!"
76561198319591194,Recommended,554620,34687156,Posted: 2 September,all,Visored-銀の雨,"Just finished ep 1, and i really cant wait for ep 2. Eventhough we're not playing as Max, we cant reverse time, but still a really great game with a touching story. Thanks for create such a great game and keep up the good work Deck Nine!"
76561198169415164,Recommended,554620,34688129,Posted: 2 September,all,SamSinen,"Episode one was good and touching. If you liked the story in the original Life is Strange, you will like the one with this one too."
,Recommended,554620,34688142,Posted: 2 September,all,garukno,hella good game
,Recommended,554620,34688159,Posted: 2 September,all,Kyle,gud
,Recommended,554620,34641916,Posted: 31 August,all,Darth Gumballs,"So first off I have to say the game runs great. For whatever reason, Life is Strange suffered from some serious framerate dips on my PC (1060 / fx8320) even on medium settings, but Before the Storm maintained 60fps at max settings so that was nice.The characters are all very well acted, and everyone and everything feels alive. The world feels lived in, and everything has a purpose. The music is great, and the game looks pretty darn good as well.I enjoyed every moment of it, and there were plenty of surprises throughout. Ultimately I don't feel like there were any crazy big moments, revelations or twists, but maybe that'll come in episode two. Even if it stays pretty cut and dry and just fleshes out the relationship of Chloe and Rachel I'd be into that as well. I'm left not knowing what to expect next, but I'm excited to find out!"
,Recommended,554620,34641922,Posted: 31 August,all,Loraliel,"Aaaand once again, I'm hooked!"
,Recommended,554620,34642948,Posted: 31 August,all,Lucifer,"HELLA amazing, beautiful and deep as always. Being open and talking about their issues, i like the trash talk mode and good  indie/rock musics."
,Recommended,554620,34643079,Posted: 31 August,all,Yuiiski,"I just completed the first episode and I enjoyed it, its great to see Chloe again and I look foward to seeing her grow into the Chloe that we all know from Life is Strange Season 1. Also Rachel is an interesting character, we heard a lot about her during Season 1 and its nice to see her for once instead of just hearing what she was like from Chloe.I will edit my review when other episodes release, but at the moment its looking real good.If you liked Life is Strange Season 1, you will like this."
,Recommended,554620,34642784,Posted: 31 August,all,Shadowknaight,Life is Dungeon and Strange Dragons
,Recommended,554620,34642998,Posted: 31 August,all,Haivoxx,"Despite the change in voice, Chloe is still written as she should be. No attitude is lost from the first game. So far, the fisrt episode looks promsing, although more cutscene heavy than its predeccesor. The emotional performance is on par if not exceeding the first game as well. If you have an older pc this might be a bit buggy but my clunker can handle it decently well, so optimization doesnt seem to be a problem either. In short, can't wait for episode 2."
,Recommended,554620,34643036,Posted: 31 August,all,DidSomeoneSayRainbows,"They have really upped the game this time round. The mouth movement is synced much better this time, the graphics are phenomenal love the style and the music is so immersive again! The new WASD with the mouse click is better than the click and drag from the previous game."
,Recommended,554620,34642947,Posted: 31 August,all,♥ Anx1ty | Fragujemy.com ♥,"Okay, I ended first episode a few minutes ago and... It's masterpeace! I was worried about another creators of this prequel, but quality was like always incredible good. I recommending that game for everyone who's playing the first part, but also for people who never had the chance to met with this game. I'm gladly i bought it :)"
,Recommended,554620,34642966,Posted: 31 August,all,Morgan Freeman,"I know this game is made by a different company, and has different voice actors, but it really feels like another episode from the first game. The first episode was just as deep and well written as the game by Dontnod was. This was a worthy purchase in my mind, though if you have yet to play the original Life is Strange, I would suggest you try that first. It gives you a bit more backstory and knowledge of Arcadia Bay and the characters in the episode."
,Recommended,554620,34642968,Posted: 31 August,all,oh worm?,"Amazing game, a little trippy. Just like the first one."
,Recommended,554620,34642830,Posted: 31 August,all,Little Miss Junko <3,Enjoying the game so far! It's amazing! I have to disable my Anti Virus though. Avast gets butthurt over it for some reason. You might want to look into that. x.x
,Recommended,554620,34642655,Posted: 31 August,all,daemonf1re,"Loved the original Life is Strange. Completely subjective of course, but I think this is just as good, if not better than the original.Great soundtrack, great character interactions, exploration etc. Interesting to see Choe's take on all of the characters from the original in her diary. Very good game. Only wish it was not this short, and I took my sweet time."
76561198235829640,Recommended,554620,34642661,Posted: 31 August,all,take my twix by force,amazing game so fargreat storygreat soundtrackgreat voice actorswill keep updating until the game is done
76561198061281481,Recommended,554620,34642676,Posted: 31 August,all,rr2,"good episode hope for 2 more equaly good episodes, but play the original first if you are a newcommere"
,Recommended,554620,34642881,Posted: 31 August,all,Arcel,"It was so worth it waiting so long for it to come out. The graphics, soundtracks, plot and the endless heart playing tricks with the decisions to make."
,Recommended,554620,34642905,Posted: 31 August,all,Kqwell,I CANT'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT EPISODE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198131759717,Recommended,554620,34690929,Posted: 2 September,all,Nalax,It's really living up to LiS name.
,Recommended,554620,34690172,Posted: 2 September,all,kookosemo,*ugly cries*
,Recommended,554620,34690516,Posted: 2 September,all,ジュリアン | byJuler,It is different from the first game but still worth the money and very good!
,Recommended,554620,34690483,Posted: 2 September,all,Zissou,how do you  a better job than the people who hired you to make their game
,Recommended,554620,34674483,Posted: 1 September,all,Slam | Diego,"It's a good game. To me it's not as emotionally overwhelming as life is strange so far, but still a solid game so far. The backtalk feature is pretty cool.9/10"
76561198040430084,Recommended,554620,34692227,Posted: 2 September,all,Rabbit,420/10
76561197984259674,Recommended,554620,34692249,Posted: 2 September,all,alankemp48,nice game like it
,Recommended,554620,34692253,Posted: 2 September,all,jonasdenfyren,"Everything you missed and love about the original Life Is Strange is here,except it's a bit more progressing, which I find pleasing."
,Recommended,554620,34689646,Posted: 2 September,all,Rutvij Joshi,It was Heartwarming to see Arcadia Bay again and in this form.Life is Strange: Before the Storm was absolutely Breathtaking. Hats off to Deck Nine Games for continuing this epic journey.Episde 1 was Absoluterly Incredible!9.5/10
,Recommended,554620,34689682,Posted: 2 September,all,Good Guy Gun,"Might not good as an Original but still give an awesome dramastic and atmosphere within the game.also, Chole's new ""Backtalk"" mechanic is very fun to overcome the situation as well.Can't wait for the next EP !"
76561198064763394,Recommended,554620,34690071,Posted: 2 September,all,GrimTurtle666,"Life Is Strange: Before the Storm has somehow managed to match the emotional intensity, character connectivity, tone, and overall atmosphere of the original game, something not often said of a prequel/sequel. Let's dive into some simple pros and cons:PROS:- Relatable characters. From rebellious Chloe to mysterious Rachel Amber; from nerdy Steph to jock Drew North, everyone will relate to at least one character presented.- Backtalk challenge. A new risk/reward conversation minigame to Life Is Strange, this minigame requires the player to use some wit to make clever backtalk remarks in order for Chloe to achieve a more favorable outcome in a situation (getting out of trouble from the principal, for example).- Animations. Deck Nine really did a fantastic job of bringing characters to life with natural-looking animations. There are a few janky animations, sudden changes, but nothing worth serious criticism. The lip sync in this game is dramatically improved over the previous game too.- MUSIC. MUSIC, MUSIC, MUSIC! Daughter did an INCREDIBLE job with the soundtrack of this game. The echoey yet emotionally heavy guitars mixed in with ambient audio (like a rusty car hood creaking when Chloe puts her hand on it) exponentially improves the atmosphere of the game. You feel completely immersed and connected to the world through the music alone.- Beautiful scenery. By this I mean graphics of course---the lighting, artsy textures, etc. Those things are nice, yes, but the design of Arcadia Bay, the return to Dontnod's original work while creating entirely new additions to the small fictional Oregon town we know and love creates a rich and diverse world that, once again, completely immerses you in the world of Chloe. Through the combination of well-written dialogue, beautiful music and excellent audio effects, and immersive scenery, you truly feel and experience what Chloe feels and experiences. You almost feel like a guardian angel standing over Chloe's shoulders, subtly influencing her destiny, instead of feeling like a gamer moving a mouse and clicking on a keyboard.- Symbolism. Game theorists who made tons of theories in the first game: you'll be put to work diving into symbols and theories again. Keep a close eye on the appearance of ravens, glyphs on tucked away walls, etc.- Journal. The journal is back again and it has a creative twist on it. Instead of a diary like Max had, Chloe's journal is a collection of letters written to Max that she never sends. If you played the first game, yes, that is as heart-wrenching as it sounds. Read the letters, they're very humorous at times and really brings you closer with Chloe's character. You won't end episode one with 40 pages like the original either; they're short and sweet.- Player Choice. Choices really seem to matter this time around, in the short term and long term. For example, stealing the shirt in the beginning (like the demo showed) and wearing it will result in people talking to you about the sketchy concert Chloe got it at. There are quite a few of small choices like this that seem to be bigger in the long run, but for the sake of avoiding spoilers, I'll leave it at that.CONS:- Few janky animations. This is largely unavoidable, but it was annoying a few times to see a scene ending with Chloe stopping mid-conversation animation and walking away, or other slight things of that nature.- Voice actor changes. This is in no way Square Enix or Deck Nine's faults, but it was quite jarring to hear known characters from the first game with completely different voices. Most of the repeating characters however did have voice actors that nearly perfectly matched the personality and face of the characters presented in the original game, however some just sounded completely off. If you're new to the series and don't want to play the original, this won't bother you as they're talented actors. Returning players though, you'll notice it. David doesn't sound as tough or gravely, and Principal Wells sounds much younger.- Audio glitches. I noticed in my playthrough of episode 1 that sometimes audio lines would be cut off abruptly and the next character in line to speak would start doing so. I like to play without subtitles on my first playthrough of games like this for immersion's sake, but this caused me to turn them on. If you play without subtitles, it will only be an occaisional minor annoyance, and I imagine this will get fixed.BOTTOM LINE:If you enjoyed the original Life Is Strange, you will absolutely enjoy this game. It is much more than a ""fan fiction"" as some claim it to be; it is truly a work of art worth its own game.To newcomers: you will experience a truly tragic yet also heart-warming story in this game (in episode 1 and the others to follow), and you will find relatable characters that will stick with you for a life time; and above all else, you'll have a great time experiencing this wonderful game. (And of course I recommend you play the first game!)"
76561198103619107,Recommended,554620,34689984,Posted: 2 September,all,Rocamora,Masterpiece!
,Recommended,554620,34690036,Posted: 2 September,all,PsychoticYangire,1 Music is great especially in the end of 1st episode2 This game has a good optimization3 Chloe's voice actress isn't bad4 Rachel is awesome5 Story is intriguing/interesting6 This game isn't expensive
76561198311364638,Recommended,554620,34690317,Posted: 2 September,all,gator,I love this game so much
,Recommended,554620,34694447,Posted: 2 September,all,Neal McBeal the Navy Seal,"As of right now only Episode 1 is released.Let me just say, this might be better than the first, just because it builds so much on the first.Must buy if you've played the first."
76561197970533201,Recommended,554620,34699710,Posted: 2 September,all,mythmaker,"Holy hell. This series makes Telltale games seem like infantile crap. I can't even play Telltale games anymore after LIFE IS STRANGE and now LIS:BTS. Wow. Just wow. Deep, deep character motivations, engrossing storylines, music full of emotional ambiance, powerful interactions that you really agonize over, conflicted, realistic human situations that make you ponder and second guess yourself long after the fleeting moments of decision are gone... Games like LIFE IS STRANGE transcend the genre they belong to - they are more like high literature - like ""CATCHER IN THE RYE"" or even ""LOLITA"" than a just a ""video game"". Superior nteractive media like this is the new direction high level storytelling seems to be taking and the LIFE IS STRANGE series will definitely be remembered as among the first of the true greats in this emerging interactive entertainment genre."
,Recommended,554620,34699906,Posted: 2 September,all,9littleweirdos,"Amazing game. The new Chloe voice actor takes a little bit to get used to. But it still felt like Chloe, thanks to Ashly Burch  helping write the dialogue.The references to the first game are awesome and nostalgic. I loved hearing things from Chloe's perspective and this game really gave a new perspective into her relationship with Rachel.I can't wait for the next episodes!"
76561198091797633,Recommended,554620,34701317,Posted: 2 September,all,Fata Signati,"I don't really know what to say. There's a lot of amazing reviews that basically speak my mind; so this'll sound a lot like them.When I first heard there was a prequel for this game being made I fangirled really hard. As time went on however my expectations did lower a bit. Between the different cast of voice actors and the fact this game was being made by another studio I kind of didn't know what to expect. Well I was blown away to say the least.Just like the first game I've fallen in love with Chloe almost right from the beginning. Sure I was taken aback by her new voice a bit but it's already grown on me. ( Unlike a certain squad 11 captain.... ) I will say it felt weird at first not being able to time travel; after my first conversation I thought to myself ""maybe I should time travel and see if I can try for a better outcome"" then I realised there isn't timetravel in the game. It doesn't bother me as much as some people as the timetravel mechanic in the original Life is Strange wasn't the highlight of game for me; it was more of a cool side thing.The first episode itself was much longer than I thought it'd be. (Took me over 3 hours to finish) Judging by that we could end up getting another 8+ hours from the other two episodes which is pretty great. I love the chance to go back into the LiS universe and I've been dying to meet Rachel ever since I first saw her posters hanging up in the school and heard about how Chloe seemed to idolize her. I really like Rachel's character so far. She really shows how even the most perfect of people can have their own demons on the inside. I already ship her and Chloe so much.Despite being made by a different studio, Before the Storm really has captured that Life is Strange feel. Not just visually, but the soundtrack, the characters, and the emotions just this one episode has made me feel. The soundtrack itself is great, it's got that Life is Strange vibe but more suited to Chloe's personality. It's in the same universe but centered around a different character so to speak. Kind of like how the Lord of the Rings and the Hobbit soundtracks go hand-in-hand yet are so distinct from one another.  It's crazy how my opinions of characters have changed so much meeting them for the first time in this game compared to when I met them the first time in Life is Strange. I have such a deeper understanding of them. For examplewhen I saw David for the first time in this game I didn't see him as the assh*le ""step-d*uche"" security guard we all met in Life is Strange. I see him as this really nice guy who's trying his best to cope in a world so different to him. Still don't really care for Nathan though...I also enjoyed meeting the new characters, I love some of them already and can't wait to see more of them.I'm probably gonna be bawling my eyes out as I come closer and closer to the end of this game; the first episode already shook me up. I'm serisouly stoked to see what happens. Amazing work so far Deck Nine!----- Conclusion -----Great Soundtrack, same Life is Strange vibe but better suited for ChloeOld characters feel just like they do in the previous game, even with some having different VAsNew characters seem very interesting and I can't wait to see more of themComing back to the Life is Strange universe in such a great wayGetting to finally meet RachelFamiliar feel to the old game, but with new mechanics, characters, etc. to spice things upJust as emotional as the originalAll in all, hella good job Deck Nine! ;PP.S. If anyone who hasn't played the original LiS picks this up, I would love to hear your thoughts. It would be interesting to see what someone who hasn't experienced this universe before thinks of the characters and the game itself."
,Recommended,554620,34702178,Posted: 2 September,all,SIMPLYBEAST1231,The life is strange series has got to be one of my favorite experiances playing a single player game to this day.
76561198031785824,Recommended,554620,34704152,Posted: 2 September,all,Wibob,"Ah where to start, Life is Strange keeps geting better.  I know what you are thinking i played the first life is strange i know what will happen why should i play this one.  For the first time in a game i found myself remembering the lasting impressions the first one left.  From the very begining all i could do was ask why, why did the first game have to turn out the way it did.  It took a bit but then i realized Life is Strange is the first game to ever capture the feeling of home.  If you played the first game you will find yourself turning the corner of the street saying to your self oh max and i did this here.  You start to lose the since of real world as for me life is strange is the first series to blur the lines between a game and reality.  I can only hope that future game developers will learn from this series.  It is not about who gets the most kills, who has the most score, who is the best player in the nation, it is simply about home and the twisted feelings that come with it.Life is strange, the first, second and possible future seasons will be by far the best games i have ever played."
,Recommended,554620,34704095,Posted: 2 September,all,KoHa-Kun,"Just like LiS except you're always asking ""Is it possible to flirttoomuch?"" I love it."
,Recommended,554620,34703993,Posted: 2 September,all,Erica Hartmann,So far so AMAZEING!
,Recommended,554620,34707301,Posted: 3 September,all,Synths,Cant wait for the next episode!!
76561198311521191,Recommended,554620,34712919,Posted: 3 September,all,mr0dyssey,good game so far.  i cant wait for the next episode.
,Recommended,554620,34675271,Posted: 1 September,all,s.k.0.m.,Loved the story and loved the music to go along with it! Took me about 3hours to complete the 1st episode and I still missed a few of the collectibles!Acting seemed up to par to the original Life Is Strange too! Yeah not the same actors for some of the voices but it wasn't noticeable at all because I was just having fun with everything else!If you loved the first game I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you get this!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuRhJk0tCRo- can't stop thinking about this scene/song.. <3
,Recommended,554620,34737615,Posted: 4 September,all,Luscious Luchs,"Since I have not played Episode 2 or 3, I will not review that part of the game.This may include some spoilers.In playing through Episode 1, what do we have so far? An introduction to the life of Chloe Price as we know it during the first Life is Strange game, an edgy teenage girl who's all broken up inside and pretty much hates the world. So, has our character changed much? I wouldn't say so.Now, I for one love a good story, and this is a story I love. The character development of Chloe in the first game makes sense in relation to this one, this fills in a few of the gaps. As for Rachel Amber, she's a very fascinating character and frankly I find myself a bit taken with her. The best thing for me is that whoever these actors are put a lot of effort into acting their characters with emotion and they feel real to me, maybe dramatized a bit but some people I know personally can be just as dramatic, so nothing the characters do (except for the trance state thing and time traveling) seems unrealistic to me.At times I find myself very emotional because of this story, it's actually very well written. Television, you could learn a thing or two. It tugs on your feels and makes them rise to the surface without giving a single damn."
76561198226175992,Recommended,554620,34737936,Posted: 4 September,all,bad meme,great game better then the first one
,Recommended,554620,34734920,Posted: 4 September,all,The Son of Wrath,This game is amazing. I needed to vent about how good it was to other people when I just finished episode one. The writers did such a good job at writing that you connect to the main character. I never played the first game so as a stand alone I love this game. I would highly recommend and because of this game I am going to play the first.
,Recommended,554620,34735588,Posted: 4 September,all,Sticks Wiener,"I really enjoyed my time with this episode.While I think some people might not like Chloe and her interactions, I found myself laughing out loud very often. We were all brats at 16 (if you think you aren't, you will when you get older), and I sort of found the more cringeworthy interactions to be actually fairly real. Their angst is palpable, and Chloe's willingness to just go along with this girl for the sake of impressing her reminds me of so many people I know who have done something as crazy if not more for the same exact reasons.Cool storytelling, I like the setting, soundtrack is pretty decent.I think it's priced a little high and not everyone will like this game if they hadn't already played Life is Strange (but at the same time, dude what are you doing go play life is strange!!)"
,Recommended,554620,34738669,Posted: 4 September,all,Drabace,"Episode 1 is simply amazing. It was worth every second I spent playing. Fabulous history and impeccable artistic direction. This game, as well as the first Life is Strange, deals with such important and delicate subjects in such a spectacular way."
,Recommended,554620,34796898,Posted: 7 September,all,CSY-,"THIS REVIEW BASED JUST ON EPISODE 1!!!Don't know where to start... but hey..( Original LiS)i love the original LiS. tbh i watched pewdiepie playing the original LiS until he got to part when they're at the restaurant when chloe testing max power, since then i love the game and i thought i should play this on my own and im not regret it. love the graphics, time travel powers, butterfly effect reference, the story, mystery, plot twist and of course the puzzles!at first i still dunno how to feel about this game, many people told me this game just like ""Money Grabber"" and ""Fan-service"" to the fans the original LiS. i agreed tho, since this game is just 3 episode and ep1 is cleared like with 3-4 hours (like wtf bruh). but i decided to still buy it (eventho its overprice atleast to me). Lowered my expectation and not to dissapointed a lot but... i liked episode 1 so far. On the original LiS chloe really mention a lot about rachel and after replaying the original it makes me curious how rachel uhm *spoilers* even tho we are already know what happened to rachel in the original game. well this is based on my preferences and this is fully my opinion.Pros :- Upgraded Graphics- Story- Some little dialogue that make ""reference"" to the original LiS (""hella"" got me good tho)- Music is 50/50, on some moments it's good- Strong Character (sometimes chloe is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tho haha)- New Power (Backtalk) i really like the new kind of power hereCons :-♥♥♥♥♥♥animation on some scene (jump on the fence, david's car scene, david's expression etc)- Music 50/50, the music on train scene is absolutely garbage for me,its not fit at all- Ep 1 Cleared about 3-4 hours gameplay. not really good for 12$ ""Game"" isn't it ?Fans of original LiS? grab it now!If u think this game just money grabber and♥♥♥♥♥♥ go watch youtube"
76561198022377253,Recommended,554620,34797029,Posted: 7 September,all,♦ExecuteElectricute♦,First of all this is a game worth your money if you have played the previous one but if you havent i recommend playing the first game first. Although we can only talk about hte first episode my first impressions are really good the story and music are on spot even if its made by a new developer. Now to the negative it seems to run on lower  graphics than it did in the last game i mean its made in unity but how can it look worst than the last game but i feel it isnt a major concern also i would like to comment on the lack of me playing it and making decisions some times it feels the sequences take to long and nothing really important is happening.
76561198273823410,Recommended,554620,34797757,Posted: 7 September,all,James Bond,"It's really the best game ever . On the one hand it's a wonderful story about Chloe and Rachel friendship , on the other it's sad because i know the end of first game , but it's gonna be my favorite game  . I love Chloe anyway and i want to play episode 2 so bad ."
76561198030787887,Recommended,554620,34812449,Posted: 8 September,all,Cujo,"I'm totally in love with Rachel and can't wait to see how it develops between Rachel and Chloe.If you loved Life is Strange, you'll love this one too. It does use the Unity engine vs the Unreal engine, and Chloe's voice is different, but you get used to it pretty quickly. Well worth the money. Can't wait for the next chapter.What happened to that Max's Farewell DLC? It's gone. Anyone know where it went or what's happened to it or has it not been made yet, etc?"
,Recommended,554620,34814744,Posted: 8 September,all,✪ dr. zeus,i didnt expect theese feels
,Recommended,554620,34810057,Posted: 8 September,all,mabdiaz,"I really appreaciate this time around! No more time rewind, the new game machanic is ""conversation battle""."
,Recommended,554620,34808072,Posted: 7 September,all,fake kygo,emo piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥gamejk dont execute me plz
,Recommended,554620,34811334,Posted: 8 September,all,Juan,Better than the first game. Not having the option to rewind time and play through all the different outcomes makes the game alot more exciting. This time it really feels like your choices matter.11/10
,Recommended,554620,34789665,Posted: 7 September,all,adirindin,speechless
76561198168022407,Recommended,554620,34789578,Posted: 7 September,all,BumBumHowls,"I don't have many word to say about this game. What can i say? This game is absolutely perfect, the music, ambience, character development and everything is perfect in this game. I can't wait for Episode 02 when it's coming!"
,Recommended,554620,34794097,Posted: 7 September,all,AkaneNyan,"everything is great except for the voice acting, total 棒読み"
,Recommended,554620,34796146,Posted: 7 September,all,TIMOTEI,"I really love the new 'Backtalk' feature. It makes the game all the more challenging and unique. The time limit makes it a bit difficult to be honest but I still like it. There were some parts wherein I found it really tempting to rewind but then I realized that I wasn't playing as Max. All the more reason to make me choose wisely.I know quite a lot of people were kind of disappointed that Ashly Burch did not reprise her role in this game but I have to say.. Rhianna DeVries did a really excellent job at still sounding like Chloe! I'm really loving her voice. Yeah, duh, she sounds different but Chloe is 16 in this game so I think it's understandable.Not gonna lie, some lines and parts were kind of cringey, and that board game part was indeed fun but too nerdy for me to handle. Not saying I'm not a nerd myself but I couldn't really handle THAT much nerdiness.I don't know with you, guys, but I just kept sensing that maybe there's something wrong with Samantha. I don't really understand it myself but I just happened to freaking sense something.And can I just say how freaking pretty Rachel Amber isAnyway, because of all the game's features and the really awesome soundtrack, I don't think this game should be compared with the first game. Both are amazing in their own way.Rating: 1000/10I hope they release all the episodes before the year ends."
76561197987468772,Recommended,554620,34717929,Posted: 3 September,all,PrisonerOfDeath,"I agree with all those that say that this is indeed a very good prequel, after seeing episode one of it.I have high hopes that it will continue in the same way, and I can't wait for the next part. (Does anyone know when it will be released, or hasn't it been mentioned yet?)I really love the good work they have put down into episode one, just like I loved the first Life is Strange.Have a good day to you all."
76561198096337834,Recommended,554620,34804078,Posted: 7 September,all,Pirate Werewolf,"A fantastic first episode setting up old characters and new, Before the Storm shows us enough of the Chloe we remember to make her recognisable while still making her a different person. There are great hints and easter eggs to events mentioned in Life is Strange to make every moment spent exploring easily worth it. Without the rewind mechanic from LiS all the conversations become even more meaningful and you end up getting even more invested in the characters and their stories. I can't wait for the next episode to come out."
76561198069671079,Recommended,554620,34803499,Posted: 7 September,all,abattlescar,"10/10 Chapter 1 was so good, I feel like the level of emotion is equivelant to the first 3 chapters of the original combined.  Dialogue is also less cringy and more believable now."
,Recommended,554620,34666135,Posted: 1 September,all,aids :)Drowziorz185cm|65kg|19cm,Probably the best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,554620,34828438,Posted: 8 September,all,SmiledElf,Fantastic prequel to Life is Strange. Before the Storm gives us an insight into Chloe's character like never before.I recommend this game to fans of the original game.
,Recommended,554620,34657009,Posted: 1 September,all,"Pick up the phone, start dialing",Episode 1/3Feelings rating: hella high
,Recommended,554620,34648079,Posted: 31 August,all,S E I D,"""Uh,hella? Who uses that? """
,Recommended,554620,34828354,Posted: 8 September,all,John Hitler,"wasnt rly hyped for this game bcs its essentially a spin off but i actually enjoyed the first episode more than the first episode of LIS.everything from LIS is improved upon in BTS, and I rly hope deck nine can craft as much of a compelling story as the first game.ps if it crashes on start up, change your sound card setting to 48000 Hz."
76561198036657203,Recommended,554620,34826947,Posted: 8 September,all,bugrabasgan,Well it has some gamepad issues but there is a tempory fix for that too via Steam Controller settings.Besides that ITS JUST AWESOMEEEEEEEE !I mean there are really few games can actually make a person close to crying or pushes players to make very close emptahy then feel sad about it.Note: You may not like this game if you didnt played the original series or if you are a heartless alien keep that in mind...
,Recommended,554620,34828104,Posted: 8 September,all,Evol Depression,"If you havent played the first Life is Strange, you should play this first. Everything ties in perfectly on why the events happen in the first one. Trust me, you wont regret every second of the game."
76561198121887228,Recommended,554620,34669112,Posted: 1 September,all,Tree,"Edgy, Angsty Lesbian Teen Simulator 2.0. Now with Hella High graphics.Can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,34829481,Posted: 8 September,all,Bmpeadizzler,There's really nothing bad I can say about this game or it's previous game. It's freaking art. I'm not even an emotional person but this series gets to me. The gameplay is beautiful and has replayability. Only downside is waiting for the next episode.
,Recommended,554620,34645209,Posted: 31 August,all,melieda,Amazing.
76561198003042142,Recommended,554620,34823207,Posted: 8 September,all,sashapush(BLR),Dat soundtrack though. Good to be back in Arcadia Bay.
76561198043957359,Recommended,554620,34823920,Posted: 8 September,all,Kiki,Loved the game as much as the first. Would definitely recommend for any one who enjoyed its predecessor. Music and visuals 10/10
76561198073306759,Recommended,554620,34723106,Posted: 3 September,all,Arjun,Episode 1 has been played. 2 and 3 are already purchased as I bought deluxe edition.They should unlock the achievements of episode 2 and 3 well. Then I would have played the whole game.This one is good but in my personal opinion I liked the first part of it(Life is Strange)
,Recommended,554620,34822358,Posted: 8 September,all,held together by strings,"I really liked how they chose to start the story off, and think that they captures Chloe's character very well. It was interesting to see her interact with her fellow classmates and play the game's equivillent of D&D. I also really liked how they didn't even beat around the bush with Chloe's sexuality and though I know their fate, it's still fun to root for both Chloe and Rachel to get out of town, to be free and move to L.A. I also liked the backtalk feature and can't wait for episode 2!"
,Recommended,554620,34649972,Posted: 31 August,all,Erichvonb,"I had mixed feelings about Before the Storm during the first hour. However, after finishing the first episode i can say that i am very happy with it (hell, like you can actually be ""happy"" after a LiS episode anyway).What made the first LiS so endearing is present in Before the Storm here as well.+ Atmosphere.+ Amazing Soundtrack. It fits Chloe's character so well. Kudos to Daughter for the amazing work.+ Characters. Especially Chloe and Rachel.- The graphics are good but you notice that something's off, you just can't put your finger on it. Some textures do need some improvement though.- Voice acting is a hit and miss.- Some technical issues here and there, nothing big.Hella recommended if you are a LiS fan. You'll appreciate Deck Nine's new ideas."
,Recommended,554620,34823491,Posted: 8 September,all,Oskar/potatis_invalido,"At the time of writing, only the first of three parts of the story has been released. I like it so far. It's definitely different from the original but the story is engaging and the artwork is solid. If you haven't played the original Life is Strange, I highly recommend you do."
,Recommended,554620,34821047,Posted: 8 September,all,Moat,One of the best single player games I've played.
,Recommended,554620,34821066,Posted: 8 September,all,johnnysasaki,"Why are we still here, just to suffer?"
76561198273659235,Recommended,554620,35069490,Posted: 19 September,all,✘DeadDream ヅ,if some day i have to choose between life is strange and all of the games i will choose LIS
76561198136381388,Recommended,554620,35084111,Posted: 20 September,all,IHassAutism,hell yea
76561198409889970,Recommended,554620,35082984,Posted: 20 September,all,Sen666666,So far so good.....Pretty sure im gonna enjoy it as much as the first one.Though the trash talk is just awkward af......
,Recommended,554620,35079899,Posted: 20 September,all,CloudCubic,"You could probably speed through each episode in 30 minutes but if you stopped and enjoyed every detail in this beautiful game, it could never be finished!"
,Recommended,554620,34799183,Posted: 7 September,all,Section9.b4t0u,"1st episode and I went through every feeling from laughing to crying and all the stuff between - bigup Deck9 - great job ""continuing"" that awesome story :)"
76561197980559573,Recommended,554620,34807296,Posted: 7 September,all,DingMatt,If you like the original then you should get this without delay.
76561197989289108,Recommended,554620,34808389,Posted: 7 September,all,The Fleshining,"Bought the deluxe edition and I can say I've spent so little on such a great experience, and I'm saying that having only played the first episode. This is one of those games that is more than just a game, it's an experience. The soundtrack blends amazingly well with every environment. As for the graphics, this is by far one of the most beautiful games I've seen. The story and dialogue is well written and offers at least a few choices that affect the aspects of the story. All 3 of these things blend together to make a game that is more that just a game, it's an immersive experience. I can't wait for episode 2."
,Recommended,554620,34806437,Posted: 7 September,all,I AM THE SENATE,"Its incredibly difficult to follow up a game as phenomenal as the original Life is Strange, even more so to do it with a prequel. Add on top of that it is an entirely new developer and the main character has a new voice actor. Despite all of that, Deck Nine has hit it out of the park with Life is Strange: Before the Storm.This series is truly one of the most encapsulating set of games I have ever played. It draws you in with an intense, emotional and atmospheric story, setting, and characters. Both Life is Strange and this new prequel are truly a perfection of the story-rich, choice heavy genre popularized by TellTale. Only episode 1 has been released so far, but Before the Storm is well on its way to being the masterpiece that the original was.Both this game and the original will draw you in like no other, and leave you an emotional wreck afterwards. I highly reccommend this game to anyone.Oh, and the music is absolutely incredible."
76561198244253258,Recommended,554620,34806818,Posted: 7 September,all,kate.aldacosta,"wow, just, wow.i came into BTS with very low expectations becuase of the news that the voice cast would be almost entierly different, i also just had low hopes that this would ever live up to its predesessor.this first episode has proven me wrong and suprised me in all the right ways.the game expertly crafts those special moments that LIS players kept coming back for. sitting in an evironment while the slow music played, or the momemt where the music changes to match the tension and emotion of a scene. I was emmersed in every moment of this game. everything you know and love about LIS is given to you in BTS and some things you didnt know you wanted. and so far, no useless fetch missions. the puzzles where pretty easy, however i never felt like i was solving a puzzle just to fill time.however, the graphics were painfully skippy at times as well as the cut from one line of dialouge to another sounded jumpy. also the voice acting did dissapoint a little in the sense that the actors didnt fully capture the essence of their characters as previously set out by LIS. Too many characters introduced in the prevous game sounded bland and void of conviction this time around. So the only major problem i have with this game was its selection of voice actors, or perhaps the lack of direction for the actors they had selected.all that being said, BTS was still an undeniably amazing experience and gave me that extra taste of arciadia bay that i have been craving for the past two years. i highly reccomend any fans of LIS to purchase this game."
,Recommended,554620,34806878,Posted: 7 September,all,dong lu,Anotha masta peece
,Recommended,554620,34799595,Posted: 7 September,all,Just,"Short story: If you liked/loved Life is Strange (1) you will also like/love LiS Before the Storm. If you haven't played Life is Strange, play it now. If you didn't like it, you won't be happy with Before the Storm either.Setting and design:The whole game perfectly adapts to the previous Life is Strange game. It makes you instantly feel like you never left Arcadia Bay. The whole setting of the game world is very detailed and made with much love. You have to explore every corner, it is worth it.Music:The music matches perfectly to the atmosphere. Even if it is not your kind of music you normally listen to, you will still like it. Nothing more to add.Characters and voices:The characters are as great as in the previous Life is Strange. The characters and their backstories are reflected by their individual behaviour and reactions. The voices may seems to be weird since Chloe and Joyce are spoken by different voice actress. But don't worry, you will get used to it and will realise that a different voice isn't too bad.Gameplay [Episode 1]I won't tell you anything about the story, you have to discover every secret for yourself. I can tell you that the playtime of episode 1 was around 3-3,5 hours for me, which is pretty normal if you don't rush the game and take your time to discover the areas. There are some great events which will be totally unexpected but fun to play.All in all it is easy to say that this game is a must buy for every Life is Strange fan! For everyone else, I highly recommend you to play the first Life is Strange and then Before the Storm. If you didn't like the first title, you probably won't like the prequel either."
76561198101918431,Recommended,554620,34713231,Posted: 3 September,all,jaywalker32,"Deck Nine knocked it out of the park!  They managed to capture that LIS vibe that we all loved and a soundtrack to perfectly back it up.  They even managed to create a realistic portayal of a charismatic Rachel Amber who always seemed greater than life in the first one.All in all, a very solid first episode.   And the feels.  The feels!  11/10."
,Recommended,554620,34713064,Posted: 3 September,all,tristannix1232014,"I came into this game with, quite frankly a high expectation. And although it wasn't at all what I was expecting it turned out to be everything that I wanted! Aside from a few audio bugs - that might just end up getting patched soon - this first episode to the prequel was emotional as it was impactful. IM ALL IN <3Review Score 10/10!"
,Recommended,554620,34645877,Posted: 31 August,all,lancheskov,"OH MY GOD !That was super amazing .Story, music, characters ...So deep in my hearth from now!So vulnerable Chloe, so mysterious Rachel ...I just can't wait for the next episode !!!"
76561198054669156,Recommended,554620,34723220,Posted: 3 September,all,[PES] Payn444,"AWESOME^10 <3If u enjoied the first Season of Life is Strange, u will also love the second Season.This game is just amazing and delivers an amazing Story some of us allready lifed, more or less.ONLY NEGATIVE point is that u have to wait for the next episode :'(Fazit:Buy it, Play it, Love it, Discuss it in Chats, friends or with yourself. <3"
,Recommended,554620,34709370,Posted: 3 September,all,Trogy | Truckers.FM,I have been waiting 2 months for this game and it did not dissapoint great storyline and cinematography as always it is Hella cool
,Recommended,554620,34694194,Posted: 2 September,all,Sheldon,"The sole reason I finished chapter one just now, two days after release, is that I did not have time to play it earlier. Never have I waited for a game to finally be released than for LiS Before the Storm.Having loved LiS and its way of immersing you into its plot I booted LiS Before the Storm up with high expectations and was not let down.LiS: BtS too compells with its simplistic yet beautiful design and brilliant composition of music and plot.I just wish the save states were integrated a tiny bit more intuitively yet there is no reason for me to give any other but a positive review.If you have not played LiS yet though I would highly recommend to play that one first as it helps you to better understand Chloe and why she feels so let down by Max."
76561198073491905,Recommended,554620,34709905,Posted: 3 September,all,liqidator,10/10 Dungeons & Dragons simulator.The rest of the game is pretty good too though.Deck Nine Rawks !
,Recommended,554620,34725497,Posted: 3 September,all,Abstrusity,"Pros:+ The soundtrack. Again. Oh my.+ The story development. Fantastic.+ The dialogs' mechanics make sense and fit the protagonist. So natural.+ The fluidity in general. A fair improvement.+ The camera angles. Mind blowing.+ The voice acting. Superb.+ The sound stuttering is a thing of the past. At least, for me.Cons: (No big deal though)- The short gaps between dialogues are quite intrusive. Almost awkward at certain parts.- The lateral walking animations. Feels like Fallout 3.- Missing foley elements at some points in the game. Breathing espicially.I mean, they ran for that bottle of wine, right?ReadMe:I did not know if I was going to like this game as much as the first installment of the Life is Strange primarily due to the gameplay's lack of super-natural abilities (yet, that is). But man was I wrong. We can finally know how Chloe's life really felt like. We can finally understand her impulses and edgy reactions of the first game. This first episode is fast-paced, but polished. It does not fail to deliver a huge variety of emotions in a short period,thus reflecting exactly how someone's mind stability might be crushed following such tragedies,especially at this age. I will stop here and let you experience it for yourself because this episode is hella good (Had to plug it somewhere, I just had to.)"
76561198095549133,Recommended,554620,34871655,Posted: 10 September,all,Dr.Dolphin,<3 Soo Coool Gaame!Love it!
,Recommended,554620,34879758,Posted: 11 September,all,MonkaS,been a fan since max caufield story. feels same like previous LIS but now it's have something different and the choice mechanism is better than the previous LIS combining left click and WASD key. and already feels the sadness in the eps. 1 hope they dont ruin it in the next eps.
,Recommended,554620,34724582,Posted: 3 September,all,Shar,"Obviously this is only after playing one episode, but as a big fan of the first game I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,554620,34892650,Posted: 11 September,all,Dr. Acula,"Great first episode. Liked it more than a few of the original LiS - and I wasn't expecting much about this prequel. I received way more than I could ever hope for - Chloe's world seems to be more interesting than Max's, if this first episode gives us a good glimpse of what's to come. To give a good example: think about what Twin Peaks Fire Walk With Me is like compared to the original series - a darker story that gives us more depth into familiar faces and goes where the original story doesn't go (hey, we're promised multiple endings this time!). Also, I didn't feel like this was a quick cash grab. The attention to detail and care put into this prequel shows. Chloe is as cool as ever, and the soundtrack is killer."
,Recommended,554620,34965182,Posted: 14 September,all,Naketbadkar,AMAZING! Worth the wait! EP 1 is 10/10! Can't wait for the rest!
76561198170511585,Recommended,554620,34947549,Posted: 14 September,all,✿Anytime✿,good
76561198097830890,Recommended,554620,35006092,Posted: 16 September,all,Nina,"I think everyone can relate to atleast one of the characters from LiS, whether they remind you of yourself or someone you know/once knew.THE FEELS10/10 would feel again."
76561198403369973,Recommended,554620,35003663,Posted: 16 September,all,imashelchai18,good
,Recommended,554620,35003685,Posted: 16 September,all,dank,10/10 would preorder 2 months in advanced again
,Recommended,554620,35011344,Posted: 16 September,all,TwilightSparkle,Great game but only i dont get new outfits? i have deluxe edition.
76561198074320711,Recommended,554620,35003597,Posted: 16 September,all,Lilthium,"I loved LiS, and when i heard about Before the Storm i was both excited and skeptical. Truthfully i was quite worried this game was going to  be a huge flop. Thankfully my fears were misguided, Deck Nine did an amazing job, and from the first few minutes I was drawn in and once again reminded just why i loved LiS. If you loved the first game then honestly its a no brainer for this one. Money well spent."
,Recommended,554620,35033902,Posted: 17 September,all,Twisticals,"Both the first game and the prequel are highly recommended!If you understand people, you will get this game!Voice acting is so great!Graphics are excellent for the type of game this is.Story is 10/10Im lefting wanting to see more.. again!"
,Recommended,554620,35033478,Posted: 17 September,all,StevenEngage,"Wasn't sure if there should be a prequel to Life is Strange, but damn am I glad there is, very interesting to see more of a story attached to Rachel Amber.Also the feels.Episode 2 pls."
76561198158325565,Recommended,554620,35046010,Posted: 18 September,all,Sinaasappel,"It might not be a success comparing with the original story but yeah, it remains delicate and fascinating."
76561198141340753,Recommended,554620,34994846,Posted: 16 September,all,TyaraTheTitShaker,LOVE IT <3
,Recommended,554620,35038582,Posted: 17 September,all,ndat1006,"If you love the previous LiS, you will definitely fall for this prequel. It really did a good job on making players feel exactly what the characters are feeling. The Talkback challenges are not as great as the time ability of Max in the first LiS, but it still does the job. And again, the soundtracks are awesome! Can't wait for the next episode!"
76561198130652642,Recommended,554620,35028837,Posted: 17 September,all,Lou Johnes ✔,I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,554620,35028850,Posted: 17 September,all,nawwwh boi,soooooo many feels and it's only been the first episode
76561198070617601,Recommended,554620,35025731,Posted: 17 September,all,St.Noah,I rate 10/10 lamborghinis
76561197988942672,Recommended,554620,35033825,Posted: 17 September,all,DaneShady,"A really nice prelude to the first game. Even tough the dialogues are a bit rouch in someplaces and the character movements looks a bit stale sometimes. Overall, the game doesn't looks as polished as the first one and doesn't keep the same quality bar as the first one but it is still awesome and I still really digging the story and the characters. The 'new' Cloe doesn't bother me tho. It's been a while I played the first game so maybe that's why. It will be interesting to see how the story unfolds and if they check on the quality bit a little more in the upcoming epsiodes.Also, the game is lacking the powers as we had it in the first game so hopefully they polish that as well and giving a little more meat to the bones on that one.I would give the ep:Game 6/10Story 7.5/10"
76561198133193644,Recommended,554620,35037265,Posted: 17 September,all,you know whom csgoroll.com,Great game waiting for the rest of the story. Play the first life is strange first if u havent yet. Love the backstory.
,Recommended,554620,35037909,Posted: 17 September,all,S@GE,"If you didnt like the first game, then you won't. If you loved it like I did, then just buy it and dont look back."
76561198003710958,Recommended,554620,35027322,Posted: 17 September,all,Captain Spaulding,As beautiful as the first Life is Strange
,Recommended,554620,35023251,Posted: 17 September,all,mikiumme,I'm really quite happy with this game so far.Super excited for the next episode.Fingers crossed!!
,Recommended,554620,35017669,Posted: 17 September,all,scloh1,"Great game that stays faithful to the feel of the original. There are some technical issues such as controller support, random crashes, and screen resolution options. I was scared the change in voice actors and dev studio would detract from the final game, but TBH I couldn't be happier with the way it's turned out so far. Can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,554620,35018633,Posted: 17 September,all,[20th] Xtreeme,You don't play LIS... LIS plays You10/10
,Recommended,554620,34637682,Posted: 31 August,all,,"I still don't understand why so many people hate the game because Denuvo.Anyway, I like this game and I really belive it deserves a positive review."
76561198134188504,Recommended,554620,34861370,Posted: 10 September,all,RgM,once again you made a FANTASTIC game!!!
,Recommended,554620,34861935,Posted: 10 September,all,Kinoshuma,"So i just finished the first episode the other day...And damn this game is no surprise. Just as amazing as the first one, i almost cried twice in ONE episode.Can't wait for the other 2 episodes!"
,Recommended,554620,34858499,Posted: 10 September,all,Nick CH,This game is amazing everyones hould buy itIf you have palyed the first game you will love this
76561197960379409,Recommended,554620,34863073,Posted: 10 September,all,FloSch,"Great Game, as good as the original life is strange!"
,Recommended,554620,34859791,Posted: 10 September,all,gaze14,if you love Life is Strange you should play this game
76561197960314169,Recommended,554620,34860094,Posted: 10 September,all,Pollinator,I can't wait to play episode 2.
,Recommended,554620,34858613,Posted: 10 September,all,Mike.void,Good stuff!
,Recommended,554620,34856534,Posted: 10 September,all,kappez,Good story. My first Life is Strange game and I'm really happy that I tried it. Will get the other games in the series as well because of how much I enjoyed this. It gave me the feels. 10/10
,Recommended,554620,34872785,Posted: 10 September,all,Shower Harvey,A lovely companion to the first game.
,Recommended,554620,34871209,Posted: 10 September,all,Nelson Spermophilus,Sooo happy to play this!! Been waitin for really long ... we will se what the other episodes will bring to us.
,Recommended,554620,34865948,Posted: 10 September,all,1337Braz,+1
,Recommended,554620,34869589,Posted: 10 September,all,XdreJ,Love this game. 10\10 for FIRST episode! Wait other...
76561198035451768,Recommended,554620,34868080,Posted: 10 September,all,joekelly00,"I miss being able to rewind time.  It's a little annoying to have to replay the entire episode if I want to change a decision.  Otherwise, has the same general feeling of the first.  It's nice playing as someone a bit tougher than Max"
76561198032491727,Recommended,554620,34864559,Posted: 10 September,all,Martinex90,The feels. Shut up and take my money!
76561198077563555,Recommended,554620,34874226,Posted: 10 September,all,Achawks123,"To put it simply, if you enjoyed the original Life Is Strange then you'll enjoy this one, possibly even more. This prequel keeps the trend of the first game by having a rich and immersive story, interesting and relatable characters, and a great soundtrack to go along with it all.If you haven't played the original, I highly suggest doing so first because it allows you to appreciate the prequel more, but it's not necessary because the prequel is just that good. It sets up the story and characters well enough that you wouldn't need the first game to enjoy it. I believe it has improved from the first game in terms of both the game engine (animations and lip-sync) and the dialogue (not cheesy or cliche).I am eagerly awaiting the next episode, and if you need convincing to play the orginal, here's my review for it:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Life Is StrangeTo start off, this is the best choice-driven narrative game that I've ever played, and it opened me up to a new selection of music that I would of never heard otherwise. The first episode is free so there's no reason as to why you shouldn't at least try it.I tried out Episode 1 because I was bored, and then proceded to stay up all night finishing the entire game because I was so hooked on the story and characters. Also you may or may not shed a tear at the end of Episode 5.PROS1. The story is amazing, if you immerse yourself in the game you will get invested in it easily. It touches upon real world subjects like bullying, suicide, and all sorts of things that add depth. It even has some dark twists and turns that keep you guessing throughout the game.2. The soundtrack is amazing, the music sets the mood for the situation, aids the story telling process, and never brings you out of the moment.3. The characters are relatable, considering most of them are based off sterotypes or cliques in a high school. On the surface they seem sterotypical, but as you play you learn more about them that builds their character to make each of them unique.4. The choices you make throughout the game will affect you, some are small while others are big and their consequences are equally so. There are big events in certain parts of the game that will play out differently depending on multiple choices you made before hand.5. The ""rewind"" feature makes this game stand out from other choice-driven narrative games, due to you being able to easily experiment and try out multiple options. It's hard to explain unless you've played it so go ahead and play it.CONS (Gotta have an honest review)1. There are only two endings to the game (Episode 5), and they don't take into account the choices you made throughout the game. I personally didn't mind too much because the journey to get to these endings and the choices that did affect my gameplay made it worthwhile.2. The dialogue may seem a bit cliche or weird at times but it grew on me and I attributed to those characters which just added to the experience. Considering it was wrriten by grown French males for mainly teenage American characters it ain't too bad."
76561198233591844,Recommended,554620,34875694,Posted: 10 September,all,Noerbert2,Simular to the first one. Doesn't have rewind powers but chloe didn't ever have that so makes sence. 1st one is better but this one is still great. I'm really enjoying the story for it.
76561198166796586,Recommended,554620,34875648,Posted: 10 September,all,lilyr123,"Amazing, just buy it, you will not regret it."
76561198306272515,Recommended,554620,34883569,Posted: 11 September,all,AS360,Love this game totally recommende the delux edition.
,Recommended,554620,34899470,Posted: 12 September,all,Lil Pump,nice
,Recommended,554620,35059159,Posted: 18 September,all,~Nerd~,"I wanted to wait and play this when all the episodes were out but I just couldn't wait. I needed my LiS fix and fast so I bought it without thinking twice considering how AMAZING the first one was. I fininshed the first episode in about 3 hours only because I like to look around and click on everything, this story to this is just beautiful. Being able to how Chloe felt and how she dealt with her problems when Max wasn't there hits a sad nerve, this girl is just screaming for help but no one is giving it to her until she meets Rachael *wink wink cough cough*. LiS was incredible I love story games of all types but there's just something about LiS that has a certain feel that I enjoy and need more of. I'm highly intrigued to see how this pans out in further episodes, most would understand what I'm on about if you played through LiS before you started this one but if not then I won't spoil it, I'll just leave it with this is a great game and anyone who enjoys, problem solving and and great story would enjoy this game hands down, anyone who wants something that will keep you busy but also entertained will love this game, anyone who is deciding on if they should buy this game, 100% you should."
,Recommended,554620,34643783,Posted: 31 August,all,Jonathan,Perfect
,Recommended,554620,35068234,Posted: 19 September,all,Priortox,"I hope there aren't any delayed episodes, again."
76561198058410343,Recommended,554620,35068437,Posted: 19 September,all,Miss Blue,"The Prequel that we actually DID ask for that made the most sense to have after the first Life is strange game. I was hesitant as to whether the new studio could handle it along with the new voice actors who did not manage to return for this due to the VA strike. Was I pleasantly surprised? Hella yes. The feeling of playing the first episode was almost as magical as playing the original game. Daughter does a wonderful job supplying the soundtrack, the character of Chloe is wonderfully written and her new voice actress really is trying her best. I am excited to find out how the story unfolds after having played the first episode and I hope it reveals a more supernatural element! This is a must buy If you have enjoyed the first Life Is Strange game, but even though the game is a Prequel you should NOT start with this one as there are many references that will make it emotional for you only If you have played the first game first."
76561198030224481,Recommended,554620,35074262,Posted: 19 September,all,Kreus,So many references!
,Recommended,554620,35074597,Posted: 19 September,all,heard u liked pumpkin spice,Beautiful.
,Recommended,554620,35074562,Posted: 19 September,all,$teelballa,Beautiful.
,Recommended,554620,35056002,Posted: 18 September,all,angel96eyes,"It wasn't mistake pre-ordering it, frst part was great, this one is amazing as well"
76561197985850621,Recommended,554620,35078390,Posted: 19 September,all,Mugflub,"Great story so far. Took me a while to get past the fact that it's definitely a bit different than the original LIS, but I'm loving the characters and the story."
76561198258298681,Recommended,554620,35129515,Posted: 22 September,all,lilmismommy09,"Love, love, love this game! I wish there were so many more of them."
,Recommended,554620,35118193,Posted: 21 September,all,Skadia42,"I just finished playing the first episode and I love being able to see how Chloe became how she is in Life is Strange. I also love being able to see what Rachel is like and how Chloe and Rachel's relationship develops. I do miss the time travel aspect of Life is Strange but I get a kick out of Chloe's responses when doing the ""backtalk"" conversation mode."
76561198333651269,Recommended,554620,35124993,Posted: 22 September,all,prongs977,"While it may seem like Square Enix is definitely cashing it on Life is Strange DeckNine surely is not clocking in. Original Life is Strange was a different kind of experience, it wasn't the best of it's kind but all the pros somehow overshadowed cons and made a memerable game for myself and this definitly carries over to her shorter sister Before The Storm. To me, this game has a lot going against it, because of a voice actors strike most of the voice cast ( Including Chloe herself ) is now being voiced by non-union voice artists. Some of the dialogue are unbelievebly cringy and yes even more so than the original game, some of the amazing visual specticles are lost in the game due to a different engine but DeckNine surely brings out what they can and they still look good. Seeing a different, shy more depressed Chloe is very intriguing, watching her relationship develop with Rachel did actually touch some of my heart strings and caught my attention for the later episodes. Very excited to see what happens with Before The Storm next."
76561198397205819,Recommended,554620,35119205,Posted: 21 September,all,solitarius lupus,"When i first heard of this (2 months before its release), and found out that Birch wasn't going to voice Chloe... i was very skeptical about it... but went ahead and preordered it. I loved, and still do, Life is Strange. They did the first episode very well. The voice acting is different than the Chloe from LIS, but it gives youa glimpse into Chloe's life prior to the events in LIS.The game mechanics is interesting, but i failed at it a couple of times because i didn't know what the hell i was supposed to do... But once i did, it's pretty fun... especially the scene where they try to snatch some 'booze'.I can't wait until the next episode.... and then the one's after that."
,Recommended,554620,35136160,Posted: 22 September,all,templeofxian,"I was concerned that this prequel to the amazing Life is Strange would be a letdown, as I wasn't fully convinced by the trailers. But after a second look and seeing reviews on here, I decided to give this game a chance. And wow, I wasn't disappointed. This has a lot of heart, care and most obviously emotion. It's interesting to see the tale of Chloe meeting Rachel Amber and being able to relate story elements to the original game. I would definitely recommend anyone who is a Life is Strange fan to buy this."
76561198250977404,Not Recommended,554620,34928710,Posted: 13 September,all,mandalorian229811,"IMPORTANT: If you want to play using Logitech F710 controller, the developers really don't care. At launch, it didn't work at all (thought that it's running on Playstation, mapped buttons incorectly, with ounly three out of four buttons working properly (A button doesn't work at all). Right stick, Start and Select also didn't work.Then, three weeks later, they released an update and a GUIDE on how to beg their game to allow you to play with Xbox and PC controllers.After finally understanding what they ment to say in their guide, I have managed to get the right stick and the buttons (which are still mapped incorrectly, BTW) to work. Unfortunatelly, using the right stick to turn is now VERY choppy (the game worked smoothly when played via mouse&keyboard. Also, after a minute of playing, the game started having an internal fight between my gamepad directions and trying to go back to the last place that the mouse cursor has been.The developers are not treating this like a big deal, probably because enough idiots like me preordered the game (based on the previous game, which has been developed by the wonderful artists od DONTNOD, who are brilliant and I fully intend to preorder THEIR next LiS game; while this crap has been been made by ""Deck9"" ) so we are stuck with it.Because of all this I am changing my vote to NO. Obviously Deck9 doesn't care if PC gamers enjoy their product so I don't care for them either. Also, when compared to the original, this game really is just a knock-off with much less content and artistic value.WAIT FOR ALL EPISODES TO GO ON SALE. Perhaps it will work properly by then.(Bellow is the original review which I posted before developer's disdainful attitude got to me)Context:1) I am a HUGE fan of LiS Season 12) I am writing this having only finished the episode 1 of BtS (several times)Is it as good as Life is Strange Season 1?No, but then again what is? If LiS is a 10, then LiS: Before the Storm is 8.5/10. It's easily as good as Telltale's Walking Dead and that is one good game.Things it does as GOOD as or BETTER then Season 1:1) GraphicsI haven't noticed ANY lipsynch mistakes (which were the biggest flaw of Season 1.Also, when entering a new scene there is no more chugging (with graphics on highest), which usually happened in Season 1 for the first few seconds. Graphics are a little smoother then Season 1 (and the uncanny valley no longer gapes when you look characters straight from the front),, which was to be expected since it's the newer game, and, to my eye, very pretty.On the minus side, the graphics have lost that artistic, hand-drawn feel, but then again Season 1 was about art and this game is about more mundane topics so it does make some thematic sense.2) Voice acting:The most important information for the returning LiS fans: Rhianna DeVries (who substituted Ashly Burch as Chloe) did a perfect job and I honestly didn't notice any difference. Whew!The other voice actors are all very good.3) CharactersVery well done. There are many returning characters as well as some thematic repetition from Season 1, and there are a few completely new characters. Authors did a very good job when it came to depicting the returning characters in the earlier stages of their personal development.4) Story:Have played only 1/3 but it looks good so far.5) MusicJust as good as Episode 1, though of course somewhat louder. ;)***Things in which it is NOT GOOD or NOT AS GOOD as Season 1:1) Immersion and the impact of the choices(This part is going to be a bit convoluted so as not to spoil Season 1 for people who haven't played it yet)When I was first playing Season 1 I did at roughly an episode per day pace. In the period between finishing Episode 1 and finishing Episode 5, there were Episode 1 choices (Mock/Comfort and Interfere/Take a photo) to which I kept thinking back, questioning if I had made the correct choice and how is the choice I made going to afect the story. Also, I had a clear feeling that the choices that I make are helping to define Max's character and that was probably the main how the game kept me immersed since I felt like I am not a mere observer but that I actually have a stake in how the story turns out.In Before the Storm...not so much.Don't get me wrong, I love Chloe and have enjoyed watching her do her thing, but that's mostly what you end up doing: watching as the things unfold. All the choices pretty much lead in the same direction and that kind of sucks. It's especially problematic in the conversations when you are given two choices and the conversation path converges with that of the other choice very quickly and often unnaturally.This is in part because not enough attention has been given to editing the conversation ""tracks"" so that they merge more smoothly.Also (I'm fully acknowledging that Season 1 has spoiled me rotten in this regard), there is just less stuff in Before the Storm.Season 1 was full of ""I can't believe that they actually bothered to put that in!"" moments while Before the Storm authors, and I'm saying this with all the respect and love, were more in the ""Did we put enough in it?"" the in ""What else can we put in it?"" mindset. There is still some things to be discovered, but it's nowhere near Season 1 (in which I kept finding new stuff playthrough after playthrough).In summation, where Season 1 is an amazing work of art done in the game medium, Before the Storm, so far, looks like ""just"" a really well done game with a (so far) great story.2) Graffiti (compared to Season 1 photos)They are funny but finding them poses zero challenge. The 'hardest' one to draw is only hard due to the fact that you might accidentally trigger the transition to the next scene before drawing it.In contrast, there were photos in LiS which failed to take in several walkthroughs and for some I actually cheated by using guides (I'm looking at you, stupid bird at the end of Episode 1!), but they were all 'fair'.SUMMATIONGreat game well worth the price. If you haven't pre-ordered, I would advise waiting for all the episodes to come out, not out fear that the quality is going to drop, but because waiting two months for an episode is torture. :)P.S. DLC: After finishing LiS season 1, I was in the ""OMG THESE PEOPLE ARE ARTISTS TAKE ALL MY MONEY"" state of mind so I preordered deluxe edition. You get a few more shirts to chose from and there is going to be a short unconnected episode starring Max (but you get it after Episode 3 comes out).It is mainly in there as a chance for the fans to show extra-love for the franchise and doesn't impact the story which is how DLC should be done.11/10 would want this type of DLC in games."
,Recommended,554620,35184891,Posted: 24 September,all,XxYoshie,"As somebody who played the original Life Is Strange, it is truly amazing.BUT; there is some flaws to the game.--------------------------------CONS: The dialouge can be really bland at points or to a point where its just cliches (atleast in my opinion).Random character moods; sometimes, the moods can be really random and placed in there for no reason.Kinda glitchy on a GTX 960M, which is pretty powerful for most games, and it worked very well at some points.--------------------------------PROS:New voice actor (don't flame me on this, she's younger and it makes it better).The new Chloe & Rachel relationship, and how mysterious Rachel is, and how much she spies on Chloe. o_oThe new ""TalkBack"" feature, while this is pretty great, I feel like sometimes it's kinda hard, (atleast in my opinion)Episode 1 just in general, its a great episode, were all just hoping they don't get greedy like some companies *cough cough* TELLTALE GAMES *cough cough*---------------------------------SUMMARY:9/10, Made me cry of excitement when opening it and playing it! Just wish we'd know on the release date of the 2nd episode."
76561198056842164,Recommended,554620,34733467,Posted: 4 September,all,OG.KarmelBiggs,"Although these events occur before the original Life is Strange game, this game was nonetheless another rollercoaster of emotions. The developers have not yet failed us with another great game and this is only a sequel to the first. Chloe is once again the rebellious teen we get to know and love and it brings back all of those nostalgic moments I had during my teen years. The years that were full of hormonal changes. The years where I was against authority, and the years where I thought I was invincible. Once episode 2 comes out, I will give a more detailed description of my review as I am taken aback at this very moment from the fantastic storyline."
76561197966105913,Recommended,554620,34645172,Posted: 31 August,all,Revixy,"A blast of a game, taking it even highter and more extreme than the last.Life IS Strange, indeed. 10/10!Video removed.Copyright music holders who doesn't know what fair use means.Refuse to give them all my money for a 2 hours video of my own god damn work."
,Recommended,554620,35179556,Posted: 24 September,all,ταιοη_Ch@r1esH√,"Did live up to my expectations. Improved controls, heart-breaking story and beautiful scenes. Waining for the following episodes."
,Recommended,554620,35251550,Posted: 27 September,all,sad and boujee,"Despite changing studios and missing the original voice actor for Chloe, this game lived up to expectations for me. I loved the original LiS a ton and it's cool to see a reflection of how Chloe was while Max was away."
76561198149755327,Recommended,554620,35251531,Posted: 27 September,all,White Van,Totally worth buying if you played/watched the first game.
76561198214196453,Recommended,554620,35359468,Posted: 30 September,all,Eluna,Pros: Everything is tailored to perfectionCons: 5 reduced to 3 episodes and the two are separately released.
76561198216874995,Recommended,554620,35371251,Posted: 1 October,all,Jeffery,"looks amazing, great storytelling as usual its just too bad like a seemingly big amount of peoples computers have the crashing disease but hey what can you do? oh you can get with the times and get a new card? yeah that sounds better then just having your money be wasted."
,Recommended,554620,35369665,Posted: 1 October,all,QuickCrew,"All the shortcomings and problems with LiS series have been rectified. Amazing gameplay, great storyline.Recommended 10/10"
,Recommended,554620,35352653,Posted: 30 September,all,็็็็็็็็็็ح,"A great game that feels like the last Life is Strange even though the creators had to start from scratch to make a prequel to the previous game. The game looks great, plays well, decisions and reactions of chloe and other characters feel very human and realistic. The game feels the same as the first with out being repetitive which is often a characteristic that most sequels/prequels have trouble with. I highly recommend you try this game."
76561198123412421,Recommended,554620,35364025,Posted: 30 September,all,BloodRavenRay,Gets me so emotional every time! The new characters are very coolOne of the best games ever played and as a LIS fan I am not disappiontedCan't wait for the second episode~
,Recommended,554620,35365888,Posted: 30 September,all,Donald Trump,Ready for ep 2!
76561198060763780,Recommended,554620,35368501,Posted: 1 October,all,belaviaair,Love this game
,Recommended,554620,35221007,Posted: 26 September,all,OMGcat,Amazing sequel for Life Is Strange! Cannot wait for release of episode 2!
,Recommended,554620,35226158,Posted: 26 September,all,Cheri,Amazing
,Recommended,554620,34639652,Posted: 31 August,all,francesca,"this game proofs that you can trashtalk your way out of anything, better start practicing in dota / lol / cod"
,Recommended,554620,35149715,Posted: 23 September,all,2 High 2 Die,"Another fantastic Life is Strange game.I absolutely loved the first game.So far, I am really enjoying this prequel. I have played through the first episode twice. Like the first, the game succeeds at creating an atmosphere that evokes feelings and emotions. I am looking forward to the next epidodes.I only read a few reviews before writing mine, and can say I only agree with a small portion of gripes against this game. One of which is the voice acting of Chloe. I think the voice acting was fine great for a stand alone game, but after the first game, there is a definitite original Chloe vibe that is sometimes missing. Before purchasing the game, it was something I was worried about, but so far, it didnt take enough away from the game for me to be upset.I am not upset that there isnt any time manipulation in this one yet, and wouldnt be upset if it isnt in the game at all. I am fine with simply a great prequel story. Would be interesting to see some flashback type settings, rather than dream sequences with her dad. Though, that is a major theme throughout.All in all, very excited for the following two episodes."
,Recommended,554620,35148908,Posted: 23 September,all,Bob is not silent,"So far, so good.Excedes my expectations for the prequel."
,Recommended,554620,35143169,Posted: 22 September,all,Dark Moon,"* PLEASE HELP* So im a little confused, i bought the deluxe version and it said thta it would contain the episode 'max's farewell' but when i load up the game and look for it, it dosen't show up (even in the extras), i've tried to look up a relase date but i've only found sites with people talking about how you'll be playing as max in it and not saying if it's already released or if it's going to be released later. Thank you for the help!*MY REVIEW*  The game is fantastic, of course there are some cheesy parts in it but this is the life is strange franchize, we knew what we were getting ourselves into (lols), the game takes place 3 years before life is strage takes place, and it explains how rachel and chloe meet, how strong their bond is, how chloe's family came to be, how important chloe's father was to her, and who you've made friends and enemies with in blackwell as chloe before max got mixed up into it. Overall very good, i would definatly recommend(If you're planning on buying the delux version, then you should know that the -mixtape mode- just means that you can decide what songs you want played through your gameplay, by the way you have to unlock all the songs first by playing the game first in order to get to them.- The three outfits- you're given in the game look okay, honestly look up the outfits and see if you really want them before you buy it.-and im having trouble figuring out ""max's farewell"" but i'll change this section when i figure it out!)"
76561198311599258,Recommended,554620,35142766,Posted: 22 September,all,InnerMagic,"This game takes my heart away! From the charming characters, beautiful places and a touching story of a person going through an hard enough life. Chloe is badass person and being able to play as her is really interesting because we don't have the rewind power, she side of the story about how Max left her is sad and how her relationship with Rachel Amber formed. Also the type of style it's placed in (Pastel style) looks beautiful and the graphics are Hella good. I would anyone who loves a good story to play this game, BUT you have to play original Life is Strange to understand the full story."
76561198096628929,Recommended,554620,35184431,Posted: 24 September,all,吡唏,it's definitely a great game and i can't wait to play the next part of this game hoho
76561198166509050,Recommended,554620,35184544,Posted: 24 September,all,Doolan,Firts Episode... God damn near perfect!
,Recommended,554620,35227626,Posted: 26 September,all,Dknighter,The life is strange series continues with another outstanding game. Episode 1 was fantastic and was as good as the original series. Highly recommended.
76561197993419229,Recommended,554620,35227499,Posted: 26 September,all,Skalman,Best story drive game I played!
,Recommended,554620,35450900,Posted: 3 October,all,AndItsBecca,"Hasn't gripped my attention as much as the first game did, but still only on Ep 1, so time will tell."
76561198271368320,Recommended,554620,34664281,Posted: 1 September,all,Chris :3,"REVIEW IN GERMAN & ENGLISH :)[GERMAN]Danke, das ich mit diesem Spiel mitfiebern, mitweinen und mitlachen konnte.Dieses Spiel ist ein Meisterwerk genauso wie der 1. Teil!Ich empfehle dringend die Life is Strange Teile zu spielen, der auf viel Drama steht.Ich war Anfangs eher skeptisch was Before the Storm betrifft.Aber Deck Nine hat trotzdem ein Meisterwerk erschaffen, obwohl Dontnod der Originale Entwickler ist! Diese Reihe wurde um eigenes Verbessert, es ist um einiges intensiver was Gefühlsachterbahn betrifft und ist bei weitem besser als Life is Strange - Season 1, sowohl wegen der Grafik, Emotionen und Soundtracks.ProVerbessertes GameplayBessere, liebevolle GrafikAtemberaubende StoryWunderschöne MusikMitfiebernde Dialoge in Kinoreifen SzenenEntscheidungenCliffhangerContraManche uninteressante Dialoge, die wenig mit der Story zutun haben, werden in die Länge gezogenGesichtszüge passen sich nicht immer zur Situation anFazitLife is Strange ist eben ein emotionales 3D Adventure, dessen Entscheidungen sich auf die Zukunft auswirken. Dieses besondere Feature, das auch den 1.Teil viel ausmachte, macht Life is Strange zu einem ganz besonderen Spiel. Es gibt zwar diesesmal keine ""Rückspul - Funktion"", da Chloe keine Kräfte hat, sondern es gibt eine besondere Funktion die Chloe öfters mal erlaubt, sich rauszureden indem sie Beleidigungen und Argumente benutzt.Im Prinzip bezieht sich Life is Strange auf einen Teenager Alltag mit extremen Gefühlen.Wer nun also auf sehr sehr sehr viel Drama steht & öfters mal Serien in dieser Genre schaut, sollte unbedingt die Life is Strange Teile spielen.Versprochen, ihr werdet es definitiv nicht bereuen![ENGLISH]Thank you that i can crying, laughing and feel with this awesome game.This game is a masterpiece just like the 1st part!I highly recommend the Life is Strange parts which stands on much drama.I was initially rather skeptical about Before the Storm.But Deck Nine has still created a masterpiece, although Dontnod is the original developer! This part of Life is Strange has been upgraded: It is a lot more intense, which is much better than Life is Strange - Season 1, because of the graphics, emotions and soundtracks.ProImproved gameplayBetter, lovingly GraphicsStunning storyBeautiful musicEncouraging dialogues in movie scenesDecisionsCliffhangerContraSome uninteresting dialogues, which have little to do with the story, are protractedFacial expressions do not always adapt to the situationConclusion [/ u]Life is Strange is an emotional 3D adventure whose decisions affect the future. This special feature, which also made the first part, makes Life is Strange a very special game. There is no ""rewind"" function this time, as Chloe does not have any powers, but there is a special function that Chloe often allows to get out by using insults and arguments.In principle Life is Strange refers to a teenager's everyday life with extreme feelings.So if you are looking at very very much drama & if you're watching often serien in this genre, then you should necessarily play Life is Strange - Season 1 first and then Before the Storm.Promised, you will definitely not regret it!"
76561198290480093,Recommended,554620,35458691,Posted: 3 October,all,Ryuko,"Yo, after everything I know from the first game....it just hurts man. I like the Backtalk feature so far"
76561198320895138,Recommended,554620,34668425,Posted: 1 September,all,^velnetik^,"i got deluxe edition , and i will buy this over and over again if its needed too...waiting for the next episode !pros :amazing songamazing storyrachel amber character is amazingbacktalk is new , and very goodHELLA GRAPHICS !!!!!!cons :ashley burch :( and other voice actorsdontnod :("
76561198158616920,Recommended,554620,35497252,Posted: 5 October,all,BadLuckBabe,Wooooow bye.
,Recommended,554620,34649634,Posted: 31 August,all,josehuargen,"OMFG THIS GAME IS HELLA COOL! I JUST CRIED WITH THIS, WAS SO GOOD, MISSED A GAME LIKE THIS, I think that the time of waiting this game was worth it, is sooooooooooo beautiful"
,Recommended,554620,35500303,Posted: 5 October,all,❄★ AlexanderBoy ★❄,"This game is amazing. It brings so much feelings in when you are playing. But this time you get much more story about Chloe and how she became friend with Rachel, if you played life is strange you are definitely gonna love this one too."
,Recommended,554620,35507866,Posted: 5 October,all,CocoaBeenx,"I recommend this game; hugely because it is emotional, well made, and of course..it's worth the money.  This game adds up what happened before the original game, (obviously) and I absolutely love it. I'm just saying - if you have money and you don't know if you wanna spend it on this game, I recommend you surely do."
