user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,554810,32972348,Posted: 28 June,all,MaxOfS2D,"I really wanted to like this but it has too many flaws...The core gameplay is basically run around to find collectibles, which in itself would be fine, but exploration is terribly unfun as you don't move fast and have a super limited sprinting meter that recharges outrageously slowly. But thiscouldbe fine, right? Yeah, except knowing where to go is also quite hard; there's a ton of fog everywhere (kinda the point, I know) and little way to orient yourself except randomly stumbling upon a path that takes you a little bit above the fog cover, try to guess if something in the distance is meant to be a landmark, and then trying to walk in that direction.If the payoff for going through this was good I'd be fine with it, but the dialogue with the fox is extremely cryptic and not interesting. The writing definitely does not feel refined, there are grammar/spelling mistakes, and the voice grunts are so irritating I muted them after 20 minutes.This is a beautiful world in search of something interesting to fill it, but mechanically and narratively, as far as I could tell in a little over an hour that I convinced myself to keep pushing through it, hoping that the first stage was just an introduction. After reaching the 2nd level I saw it was just gonna be more of the same and I just gave up.Can't recommend."
,Recommended,554810,31479712,Posted: 30 April,all,Woodswolf,"There I am, bored on a Friday night, browsing through my product queue on a whim. Suddenly, I stumble across The Wild Eternal, a game that seems to be exactly up my alley - it appears to be all about exploring an interesting world, and it instantly catches my eye. One impulse buy and half an hour or so of extremely-slow-internet download time later, and I'm ready to start the game. I make myself a cup of tea, grab a quick snack, and get ready to dive in.The tea remained practically untouched for the rest of the night.Within the first fifteen minutes of getting into the game, and being somewhat coldly greeted by my new guide, the Avatar of Dreams, I was transported into a far-away world - a world of vibrantly-colored, beautifully stylized, and strangely ethereal landscapes, with the slightest sense of danger lingering behind every hill and around every tree hiding within the fog. I found myself searching for many things: Aum's Tears, which would allow me to open portals to new locales; magical Shrines, which could offer me blessings to make me more powerful over the course of the game, and the Tributes I needed to offer in exchange; and even just new, cryptic conversations with the strange fox-shaped demigod that the Avatar of Death coerced me into helping.The visual style of the game is absolutely superb, and it creates the perfect atmosphere. It's stylized enough to not appear all that dangerous initially, but then one discovers the hidden threats lurking within the fog - everything ranging from falling to your death to drowning in deep rivers to being stalked, chased and devoured by any number of dangerous beasts. The music perfectly complements the sense of mystery, which at first seems mostly innocent, but grows increasingly suspenseful and mysterious the further you descend into the depths of the fog-covered wildernesses.If evenone sentenceof what I've so far described in this review sounds appealing, or gives you the slightest shiver down your spine as you think about it, this isabsolutelythe game for you. I went into this game barely knowing what to expect beyond ""explore the foggy wilderness with your talking fox-buddy"", and came outitchingto explore more of this surreal world and learn more about its inhabitants and history.Now,if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to my third consecutive playthrough in the last three days."
76561198042323728,Not Recommended,554810,33106755,Posted: 1 July,all,jthamind,"I remember finding out about this game a few months ago when the developers made a thread on reddit to show it off. I instantly fell in love with the setting, art style and exploration in the trailer, but I couldn't spare the money at the time to get it (bills and stuff). Anyways, I picked this up during the Summer Sale and was excited to finally get a crack at it. It was actually hard to decide whether to recommend this or not, because there were things I did enjoy about the game (and it kinda makes me dislike the binary rating system Steam has). Overall, though, I found myself frustrated too many times and ultimately let down at the end. If none of what I'm about to say applies to you, then go ahead and buy the game. I'm not at all saying it's a bad game (although this review will probably focus on the negatives), but I feel like it could have been much better, and for $15 I just felt four hours of sometimes-good-sometimes-bad play time wasn't worth it.Pros:-Colorful art style-Relaxing soundtrack-Thoughtful dialog (although sometimes it can drag on)-Intriguing premise-Unique setting (incorporites some Indian culture, which is rare in gaming)Cons:-The game can feel sooooo sloooow at times when you want to run and your stamina is empty-While the premise is interesting, the ending is a huge letdown-The world can feel empty at times-The blessing system feels tacked on and adds no real value, making exploration feel forced just to get upgradesWhen I started playing the game, I was drawn in immediately by the premise and the interesting and kind of funny fox that talks to you (I love his ""voice acting"", btw). You trudge along as a tired, weak old woman who can't see very well and has no idea where to go. Once the world opened up a bit more, though, the tired, weak old woman started to get a bit annoying because it could take forever to get somewhere. You have limited stamina, and while you can eat fruit to help it regenerate faster, much of the game just felt like a stamina-management simulator. And when you run out of stamina, be prepared for the slowest walk ever. Now, this wouldn't be a problem if you were walking down a corridor in a linear game and the whole point was to take in the surroundings, but a huge part of this game is traversing the world and finding what you can, whether it's items, NPC's, books, or wayshrines. You can even upgrade your stamina bar later in the game, but that just means it takes even longer for it to refill. I honestly would have enjoyed the game a lot more if could just run from the start and play at your own pace.That leads me to another problem--the game also would have been better if you just had all blessings available at the start. There's no real feeling of accomplishment or value by upgrading them, it just feels ""gamey."" If you compare it to a Zelda game, for example, most of the upgrades have a real purpose. They make you feel stronger, they help progress the story, and they ultimately power you up enough to beat the final boss. Getting a new item/ability in Zelda feels amazing, like you truly achieved something. Almost all of the blessings in this game felt like a way to ease some of the annoyances I had. Good, now I can run longer without having to stop and trudge along or search for fruit. Good, now I can walk on water so I won't drown. Good, now I won't die from sliding down a mountain. Only maybe 1 or 2 are necessary, the rest are just like, ""why couldn't I do that in the first place?""Another (minor) problem I had was that the world felt kind of empty at times. The fox (I can't remember how to spell his name, something like Dhiyonisis) was an interesting and colorful character, but he was really the only one. You can unlock blessings to read books and wayshrines, and to talk to random spirits, but they don't fill out the world enough. If there were more fleshed out characters like the fox, it would have given the game much more character and made the journey feel less empty. This wasn't a huge problem, but I did notice it more than a couple times.Before I get to the ending, I do want to touch on the things I enjoyed about the game. As I said, it's not a bad game at all, and it did do some things well. The art style is colorful and pretty, and the relaxing soundtrack fits it perfectly. I also liked the design of the areas; even though they were empty, they had a ""somebody once lived here"" feeling to them which was cool. I especially liked the dialog between the old woman and the fox, with his vague but wise comments and her reactions to him. Another thing I liked was the squint mechanic, especially at the start. In the first area (before I found a compass), I was feeling lost and directionless. Then I remembered I could squint, so I found a high place, looked off into the distance and saw a couple important looking places that rose up above the fog. After that, I was able to figure out where to go next without any trouble. It felt rewarding because I was able to overcome the old woman's weak vision by using a natural mechanic to my advantage.OK, so now on to the ending (minor spoilers ahead). Honestly, I feel like I would have recommended this game, even with the complaints I had above, if it had a decent ending. Sadly, it didn't. In fact, it didn't really have much of an ending at all. It just...ended. The game (mostly through the fox) unravels an interesting premise, and I was excited to see how it would turn out. Would the old woman get her wish? Would the fox turn into something (or someone)? What would the Avatar of Death (who looked really cool) end up doing to you? But nothing really happens. Game over, credits roll. Look, I'm one of those ""the journey is more important than the destination"" people when it comes to storytelling, so I can usually shrug off endings that other people have problems with (like the endings of Lost or The Dark Tower series). But this ending was basically ""all that stuff you learned about along the way? Not gonna happen, now close your eyes so we can roll the credits."" I don't know what happened with the writing, but man, that was a letdown. Anything would have been better than that.With all that said, I will still gladly check out the next game this team makes. There were some stumbles in The Wild Eternal, but I think they have their heads in the right places, and they did give a unique experience that was occasionally beautiful and occasionally thought-provoking. I just wish they wouldn't have added in ""gamey"" collectables/upgrades that really only helped ease frustration, had a good ending, and filled out the world a bit more with unique characters. But if none of the complaints I had with this game apply to you, then feel free to check it out."
76561198040528267,Recommended,554810,31120595,Posted: 13 April,all,eudaimon,"Beautiful graphics and colors in the environment of the Himalayas.Challenging puzzles that keep me engaged.A choose-your-path adventure that allows me to explore the beautiful world.A deep and thoughtful storyline.Overall, I highly recommend this game."
76561197975671890,Recommended,554810,31152678,Posted: 15 April,all,Doctor Flunksch,"This game seems like a really relaxing and chill game. It runs smooth, even on my toaster of a gaming laptop. In a few month ill get a new PC and can hopefully run this on highest graphics.It would be nice with just a little hint about where to go. (just a tiiiiny hint). Eventually I found everything but to me it would still be nice.I'll recommend this game if you want to get a way from the ""hardcore"" games where you have to focus all the time. But beware of the wilderness in this game though ;)"
,Recommended,554810,31120570,Posted: 13 April,all,rsm,"Beautiful, immersive exploration game with an interesting and unconventional story. I love wandering through the foggy forests."
,Recommended,554810,31187193,Posted: 16 April,all,Nillend,"The game is a treasure. Every small secret you uncover makes you feel satisfied and confused. SO far the story is engaging and the world is astonishing, great artstyle, wonderful music. I will think about this game for some time."
,Recommended,554810,32969736,Posted: 28 June,all,muddledlunacy,"Such a cool concept. Peaceful, interesting, a little unnerving, this is a fantastic walking simulator that hides all kinds of secrets inside. Beautifully done, I felt like I was playing it for far longer than I actually did, but I wasn't ever bored."
76561198078784062,Recommended,554810,31153642,Posted: 15 April,all,Tozo,"Beautiful game with a cool upgrade system, good atmosphere/music and an intriguing story."
76561198131765119,Recommended,554810,31346738,Posted: 24 April,all,Crys1s,"The Wild Eternal is beautiful and mysterious at the same time.I´ve found it very challenging too, as I couldn´t find most of the tributes (are there any patterns for finding them?). I got easely lost at almost every place in the game, but this was the problem on my side...All in all, I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,554810,31384632,Posted: 26 April,all,SoapCactus,"This is one of those rare types of games that I simply could not put down.  I was instantly transported back to the late 90s, staying up late on a Saturday night playing Myst... trying to find just one more piece of secret information that would finally reveal the truth of some great mystery.A wholly enjoyable short story experience with many profound moments.  I hope we get to learn more about Dhyoniso and Ananta's journey in the future!"
,Recommended,554810,31170691,Posted: 15 April,all,belak51,"Really interesting game focusing on exploration and story in an extremely beautiful world. I'm only a few hours in so far, but I've been enjoying getting lost (literally and figuratively) in this world. I can't wait to see where this goes."
,Recommended,554810,31167779,Posted: 15 April,all,TheHeadDoctor,"Awesome game, Beautiful, and addicting story. But then, With developers from The Solus Project, What can you expect. I definitely plan on letting people know about it."
,Recommended,554810,34047419,Posted: 5 August,all,Des Des,"okay, this game is absolutely beautiful in every way- atmosphere, music, gameplay, story- it pretty much has it all. there is no combat at all which made it feel even more like a beautiful journey rather than a game. you spend a lot of time walking around which could be annoying to some people but remember- this is more of an experience than something you just play. reading the journals and the text found throughout makes it that much more immersive and i'd strongly recommend it. however- personally i think the ending of the game completely fell flat and that it brought this gorgeous, immersive and even powerful experience to an absoulte dead hault. it kind of feels like the ending insults all of the wonderful build up to it and i am slightly broken hearted after finishing it."
,Recommended,554810,31159773,Posted: 15 April,all,sturmkoenig2k,"Yup, das Spiel hat mir viel Spaß gemacht. Grafikstil wie von Hand gezeichnet und eine passende Soundkulisse. Die Story und Dialoge mit dem Fuchs regen zum Nachdenken an. Ein paar Gefahren gibt es auch, z.b. Tiger, denen aber man gut ausweichen kann. Hat man einen Kompass gefunden, wird das Navigieren durch großen Areale deutlich einfacher. Einige zusätzliche Skill erleichtern das Erforschen dann auch noch."
,Recommended,554810,31126999,Posted: 13 April,all,Tyclone,First thing that caught my eye was the art style of this game. Very cool looking! I wasnt expecting much game when I jumped into it but I have to say there is much more to it than I had expected! Overall I think this is a very nice game for the cost! :) Check out my video if youd like to see some gameplay!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49tcAuT4NFg
76561198124034414,Recommended,554810,31245257,Posted: 19 April,all,VanderBloot,"My first impressions were that this game is very beautiful. I love the art and visuals in this game, it honestly sucks that the ""fog"" keeps you from fully embracing the visuals (upgrading your vision really helps tho). The gameplay is very relaxed and the sounds are so peaceful, I could probably fall asleep to these in a heartbeat if I left them on in the background.Overall the story is very free flowing and allows you to kind of choose your own path (or more like stumble upon your own path since there is very little direction even with a compass). Its a very self reflective game in my opinion and presented in a vibrant shell that is fun to play.If you're interested in my first impressions here's my first few minutes of gameplay:https://youtu.be/o7WrMqpj3Ps"
76561198338938233,Recommended,554810,31569658,Posted: 5 May,all,kennethwessel,"ok...whre do i begin.....first, i've posted a few negative reviews in a row, so i'm happy to post a good one this time! the world was fabulous, music great, movement smooth, controls simple.no killing or shooting, so some people won't like that, and a lot of ""deep"" reading at times with the interaction between the two main characters. turns out, there wasn't a need to spend time analyzing everything said.so i played about 6 ish hours and felt like the game entertained me and was worth the cost.now for my one problem, which contains a SPOILER, so don't read any further if you don't want to hear about the ending:i had no idea the game was over until i watched some walkthroughs on YouTube. i mean....i don't think my game endedd properly. i was in Hollow Stones, talking to the Avatar of Death, and the game didn't end after the conversation. i just left and continued wandering around aimlessly. so maybe that was a bug?  nor did i ever encounter that purple spirit towards the end.aside from that, i loved the game, and remain curious what happened to my ending!"
,Recommended,554810,31625603,Posted: 8 May,all,fantomchoder,"Great game - amazing graphics with excellent coloring, good level design, intriguing story, and an interesting upgrade system. Very relaxing game to enjoy."
76561198259482144,Recommended,554810,31366766,Posted: 25 April,all,foxyjoshua,The story is very immersive and the graphics are amazing!
,Recommended,554810,31873180,Posted: 20 May,all,WomanMonster,Wonderful game/story that takes me back to what it felt like to play Myst for the first time. Please make the next installment! :)
,Recommended,554810,31163625,Posted: 15 April,all,Y Y,Enjoying this game so far. I really like the compass it's the coolest thing ever!
,Recommended,554810,32192045,Posted: 4 June,all,hunte922,"Played to the end. Didn't understand it, but I think it was good?I recommend it?"
