user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198080819889,Recommended,555220,29220659,Posted: 13 January,all,andrew.liu50,"The biggest issues I had with this game is its length and its language. As an American of Taiwanese descent, for me this game provides a fascinating view into Taiwanese folklore and history. The way the two have been intertwined in this game is nothing short of amazing. The flickering of red candles as a ghost greedily devours a bowl of rice placed in offering, the rows of prisoner cells with the bodies of political dissidents still trapped inside, the long tongue of a lantern specter leering down just inches away from the protagonist's neck as she holds her breath just a little too long. Details like that really cement the atmospheric horror of the game into my mind. Not only that but the combination of supernatural haunting with the realism of life under martial law really drives home the paranoia of the era. A quick glance at Wikipedia will tell you that Taiwan at the time was under martial law for 38 years, one of the longest periods of time any place anywhere was under martial law. Just playing the game, it was obvious that Ray spent her entire life in that climate of paranoia, propaganda, and ordinary life with an undercurrent of political strife barely hidden beneath it. As a work of art, this game succeeds on a massive level.However, it's really short. It took me just two hours for one playthrough. The game's twelve dollars ordinarily, I got it for 10.79, so it's not like it wasn't priced suitably. However, with the level of quality the game offers, a rich atmosphere that evokes the glory days of Silent Hill, both in its exploration of psychological trauma, the terror of the past, and the tension between waking and dreaming life transformed into a nightmare, labyrinthine and impossible to escape, this game will leave you wanting more.In short, it's a great game. It's fun, scary, atmospheric, and story-driven. It's got a great story, a great world built around it, and it's jam-packed with great moments. Some of my favorite moments in this game are simply discovering new rooms, such as the PA system room with the tree growing into it, faces and and bodies printed upon the trunk of the tree as if it were itself growing from memory, the storage room for the puppetry club, the basement where political dissidents were locked up, and the field where paper planes fall endlessly from a dark and twisted sky.I could go on and on about just the imagery of this game, great as it is. If the game has any failings, however, it is in the lack of variety concerning enemies. I played through the entire game and only two main enemies were actually apparent. They were memorable and well-integrated but for the most part relegated to their own small section of the map, their own level, their own act. I understand that maybe the developers were trying to keep their game compact but still high-quality, thus the lack of other enemies in the game, but even so it's a bit disappointing that there are only two, whereas the other ""enemy"" in this game is a ghost that is mostly only in cutscenes, that you don't confront, that you can only run from, and whose role is never expanded on other than as a symbolic stand-in for one of the main antagonists of the story.I would count another so-called ""enemy"", but again it suffers even more acutely from being relegated to one specific instance, in this case, the room they happen to be in. I have to say, keeping things vague for the sake of avoiding spoilers, it's a really great place to put them, that one room. In fact, it was the only time in the game I actually died, but I was neither annoyed nor baffled by my death because even the process of respawning has been made into a room in the game, waking up just outside the auditorium, the flooding river still blood-red, and the ghost of an old woman advising Fang (and thus you, the player) on how to deal with what just killed her. The fact that the developers had even the inevitable fact of players going through trial-and-error in mind as they were designing this game is a testament to their craftsmanship and the care they put into this game.One other thing is the translation. It's not bad at all. I'm honestly surprised that it has so few grammar errors and remains so consistently even in tone. It's certainly not the kind of blind idiot translation that can inevitably come out as a result of non-English developers getting screwed over in the translation part of development. However, much of the dialogue comes off as a bit mysterious and a bit bland. That is to say, the translation of the writing is a minor success but also a minor failure. I feel distanced from the characters as a result of their interiority being brought out and presented before me as a horrific world, but also I'm distanced from them as a result of seeing grammar errors in their dialogue bubbles. It's a little bit of both bad and good. Sometimes, Fang sounds like a cardboard cutout of a person in her dialogue and her descriptions of items. This is in spite of the fact that she is one of the most developed and believable female characters I've ever seen in a horror game. The writers of this game, if you'll let me clarify, are really good. That is proven beyond a shadow of a doubt as evidenced by the game itself. However, and admittedly this is a big nitpick, the English translation of the original Mandarin Chinese can have a few errors and sometimes feels overly tasteless. It's almost like as a result of the writers wanting to convey the most accurate translation of their game as possible, they stripped it of a lot of its personality. So not exactly good, not exactly bad.So just to cap off if you’re all tl;dr:Pros -Great story, great visuals, great sound, great gameplay, cheap and a must-buy if you like horror.Cons -Not that many enemies, even though they are well-designed and well-implemented, also translation can be less than perfect.(Edit: I got my mom to play the first act of this game with me in traditional Mandarin Chinese (Prologue through Ch. 1). As a native Taiwanese who was alive during the implementation of martial law, she told me that the writing of the game greatly exaggerates certain aspects of the political climate and the experience of ordinary life as well in order to match conventions with the horror genre. Certainly there was the risk of being accused as a Communist, of being made out as a sympathizer, but for the most part it was a distant and irrelevant fear for most. Obviously the game's developers needed to exaggerate certain aspects. It is a horror game after all. But there were certain elements of the game that she found good.Instructor Bai, for one, was a great choice as an antagonist. Nearly every school in Taiwan at the time had an instructor who was a former G.I. A part of the wave of immigrating soldiers who took political refuge in Taiwan during the rise of Communism, Instructor Bai seems to be based in part on those instructors who for the most part represented all that was restrictive and totalitarian about the political landscape at the time. True it was a resistance against Communism, but for the ordinary people at the time it was a great silence they had to live with.The symbology of political persecution evident throughout the game (the disembodied eyes, the bodies of students floating in a river of blood, the many-armed ghost representing Instructor Bai) all points to and invokes the landscape of fear and anxieties during the time of martial law, which can be alternatively seen and described as the White Terror, bai se kong bu, or 白色恐怖.Of course, I myself know next to nothing about this time period; this game being the first thing to ever clue me in as towards this particular aspect of my ethnicity's culture and history. Again, I reiterate how much impact this game has on me. It made me interested in and go seek out information about the history of Taiwan, after all. For that, I owe the developers a great deal of thanks.)"
76561198089253047,Recommended,555220,29262027,Posted: 14 January,all,Big Daddy Lulu,"Holy heck this is a good one. Good enough for me to post a review even!From start to end, I was left in awe. The characters are interesting, the story is told beautifully, the art is unique (in a good way), and the music/sounds were done masterfully. The only real complaints I had were that a majority of the signs posted throughout the world weren't translated (however, ALL notes and signs essential to the story are translated).It doesn't rely on jump-scares but pure atmospheric horror (granted there is like maybe two jump-scares but they're done so well I can't even be mad). What I also adored about this game is it's ""puzzles."" They weren't complicated but they were done in such a way that makes this game unique.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,555220,32404556,Posted: 13 June,all,EverL˟Ash,"I just bought this game to play with my girlfriend at the moment.She likes horror. But I really don't.The whole story and the puzzles of the stages were so good,The background music and sound effects fit nicely with the vibes of the game.But it scared me as f.I recommend it to the gamers that love horror."
,Recommended,555220,29295984,Posted: 16 January,all,arch.jslin,"Disclaimer: I am a supporter since this game's beta phase but only playtested its Traditional Chinese version. I bought the game from Steam again and tried it out in English setting so as to write this review in English.I think Detention nailed it with interweaving its background setting and the foreground story that's being played out. In a seemingly simple and short (2-hour play time) 2D horror format, it presents a whole lot unique Taiwanese cultural elements to the player, while unraveling what's this not-so-horror horror story is about.Writing is really good, and fortunately the English translation is also good enough. There are soooo many things in game you just can't find a direct translation into English or other languages, but they somehow pulled it through, which is pretty impressive. What's really a shame to me IMHO is that there are also many detailed environmental clues in the visuals that just couldn't be totally translated. These won't hinder your understanding to the plot itself, or to feel the emotions that the game wants you to feel, but surely there's going to be something missing if you don't read Traditional Chinese.Gameplay wise, the game does have some survival elements in the former half of the game, and puzzles throughout the game, but difficulty should not be a problem. If you are into short narrative games that give you a movie-like experience this is definitely for you too.Visually the game may not be ""stunning"" in a high production value sense, but all the props and closeup interaction views are all designed meticulously. I would praise the team that they put their resources into where it mattered the most and it paid off well.Audio on the other hand, is sooooo good. I doubt you can find other 2D narrative games that really rivals with Detention's audio design and music composing.Finally, my friendly warning would be don't come to the game to expect truly gory or extremely scary stuff -- if you watched the game's release trailer just once I don't think you can somehow miss the point. But of course I won't go into what the story really is about, but prepare your tissue ready. It's probably one of the few horror games that's going to make you cry of sorrow but not horror.Definitely recommended."
76561198019546869,Recommended,555220,29310608,Posted: 16 January,all,Memetic,"This is one of the best narrative experiences I've ever seen in a video game, and possibly in any medium. It seems like a standard point-and-click horror game, but behind its gameplay lies a brilliantly subtle twisted form of storytelling comparable to Silent Hill 2. It's fairly short and isn't groundbreaking, but the hours I spent playing this game were absolutely unforgettable. If you like when horror doesn't spook or startle you, but slowly digs at your emotions and leaves you with nothing left to say, I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198007747398,Recommended,555220,34810305,Posted: 8 September,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"This game is an Asian-style horror done absolutely right.If you dig a little bit into the chinese supernatural folk-lores, Detention will scare the crap out of you. Or if you are a chinese like myself, heard stories like these growing up, Detention will definitely make you♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks. For example, much like how holding breaths works in this game, Our elders used to tell us, that if you are walking at night alone and hear someone call your name from behind, DO NOT turn your head around. Chances are whatever calling you is not human, and if you do turn around, you will blow out the ""candles"" on your shoulder, weaken your Yang spirit and allow the unclean to hurt you. We also know that jade will protect you from evil. Some of my friends actually claim that their jade bracelette shattered after a supernatural encounter, otherwise they'll fall ill. Also, you must never walk over the burnt joss papers or sacrificial food for the dead, lest you provoke the spirit and get latched onto.There are so many creepy lores like these, I have always been wondering, why won't anyone make good use of them. But here we are , red candle games nailed it! It managed to bring my worst childhood nightmare to life.But Detention is more than just ghost scares and creepy sound effects. It has a tragic history behind it.  The 1950s was the time of ""White Terror"" in Taiwan. During the decade martial law was enforced and numerous people were arrested, tortured and killed due to...well, due to political differences. You can google it further. The terrible truth behind the game really gets under your skin.Despite that it may be the best chinese game ( I realize that tagging it ' Chinese' may trigger some people, but really, go educate yourself before you jabber about xxx independence in my face ) I have seen in the recent years, I personally think that the puzzels are a little too linear and easy. Other than that  -- BRAVO 赤烛 !!!!9/10"
,Recommended,555220,34367184,Posted: 20 August,all,fenrir_wolf8,"TLDR: If you look only for an horror game, look elsewhere, if you are in for an experience and like to reflect on things, this gem is for you.First of all, there are a couple of things that have to be said:1.-The game is labeled and marketed as an horror game, but this is only done on the first part of the game, if horror is all that you're looking for, it migh dissapoint you, if you're interested in other generes you genuilly have to go  for it.2.-This is sort of point and click combined to a side scroller to some degree, you can't play it with a controller, and don't need a keyboard, the game is played entirely with the mouse.Now that that has been cleared, this is genuinely a gem of a game, it goes from horror, to traumatic, to surreal, to introspective, to reflective, but to really get the grasp of what the game has to offer is best if you actually reflect on everything that you read and see, and try to get the meaning of everything that you see, even on what's on the background, literally everything  has a meaning, yes, you can still just rush through the game, but you'll loose on the experience.You might notice that all the reviews a have short play time, that's because the game is relatively short, it took me 3.4 hours and I took my time, but still is long enough to give you an experience and not become tedious, and actually gives you a sense of closure at the end."
,Recommended,555220,29250071,Posted: 14 January,all,unreal_rik,"I picked this game up without any prior knowledge of it. The visuals looked interested, like a cross of old Silent Hill games and The Cat Lady, also it was cheap so I bought it. I have to say it didn't turn out to be what I expected, but I still liked the game. Looking at the screenshots, you'd be under the impression that the game is a point and click horror game about some kids stuck in a haunted school, but that's just the first quarter of the game. The later chapters dwell much more deeper than such a simplistic plot.I want to say more about the game but I'm afraid I'll be giving out spoilers and I really request you to experience the story first hand. It might be a little convoluting to get so pay attention to every little detail in the game.Regarding the game's length, I clocked in 4.4 hours and I believe I experienced the game in it's entierity. I wouldn't call it short though, any longer would have made the story feel stretched out.Overall, a great game. I wish there were more games like these which dealt in old asian folklore and history."
,Recommended,555220,29402439,Posted: 21 January,all,RadientLoop,"A Small DetailAs the review section is already filled with praises for the game, i would just like to say one thing i now find very interesting having finished the story: the fact that the English title and Chinese title seems to emphasize different aspects of the game.The English title ""Detention"" seems to emphasize howRay's ghost is eternally trapped at the school, forced to relive her tragic story over and over again, and how although Wei wasn’t trapped in the same sense as Ray, the incident has left him so traumatised that he is nothing but a husk, returning to the school over and over again (shown as Ray’s ghost had seen him on the roof, but when we played as him in the end the stairs to the roof is sealed shut and look disused).So in a sense both must endure an endless 'detention', where they remain when everyone else has moved on.The Chinese title, literally translated to “Back to school” (same as the final story-related achievement), on the other hand seems to emphasizeon Wei’s final return to Greenwood High, right before the school was to be demolished for the luxury condo project advertised outside. Which suggests an end to both Ray’s cycles (assuming that she will move on once the school is not there anymore) and Wei’s suffering,and gives a feeling of closure to the audience upon seeing the title one last time.Both titles are very well suited to the game and no doubt carefully selected, however I still think I prefer the Chinese title more, if not for the fact ithints at a happier ending."
76561198329278566,Recommended,555220,32773971,Posted: 25 June,all,Nemesis,"I decided to pick this up due to looking for a good little game to play to pass time and the reviews for this came highly recommended so I gave it a shot.The review average of overwhemingly positive is well earned I'd say because the narrative story is really immersive and thought provoking.The atmosphere is great and really puts you inside the mind of a child during the year and setting of the game and it's themes.The music is chilling and the sound effects are pretty good too.The jumpscares were few and far between but I did find my adrenaline kicking in at some parts (certain enemies for example) so I can say it can be scary at times.The puzzles are not too intricate but you still enjoy them and only a few cause you to stop and think about them.Overall I really enjoyed the story and it was very sad in the end.So if you enjoy thought provoking games with a bit of a scare factor thrown in, this is will be up your alley."
,Recommended,555220,32408242,Posted: 14 June,all,Bassam,Puzzles and gameplay lack intricacy but the narrative is so good that it easily overshadows those 2 flaws. If you're a fan of narrative based games then this in my opinion is one of the best out there.
76561198098826076,Recommended,555220,29247853,Posted: 14 January,all,E11,是不是国产，政治正确什么的，暂且不提，毕竟两岸从小接受的知识引导不同，争论不出结果。游戏挺不错的，支持一发，希望有越来越多的华语好作品出现
,Recommended,555220,29332725,Posted: 18 January,all,megane is my religion,"9/10It's not at all priceyNot your average,jumpscared-filled horror gameYou might think it's just another horror game but its actually a story-driven,full of relatable emotional moments The story starts off slow but once you reach 1/4 of the game the story will be so engaging,once you complete the game you'll feel a sense of emptiness not because the game wasn't complete but because you just want to know the characters more even after they've completely explained themHighly recommend this game for people who've never played horror games before and truly enjoy storyThe hidden truth and nature behind the game also scares you in a way that I've never felt before It's just so realThis coming from 8 people is truly amazing"
,Recommended,555220,30290980,Posted: 2 March,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 7.7 / 10Quality8.3/10DecentPerformance10/10Flawless; Low system requirements; No bugs or crashes experiencedUtility8/10Supports Steam cloud save, Linux & Mac; No sound options; No auto-saveControls7/10Mediocre, seems like designed for mobiles (mouse only); No pad supportGameplay7/10Spooky point 'n click with some puzzles and a few scary momentsChallenge5/10A few good puzzles, but overall too easy; Collectables almost unmissableContent8/10Pretty short (about 4-5h); Still a decent length for a story-driven gameDiversity7/10Some unexpected gameplay & plot twists, but also pretty generic overallImmersion8/10The soundscape creates an eerie atmosphere; Strange, yet tense storylineDesign7.8/10Artworks and SFX are great, but the game feels a bit thrown togetherVisuals7/10Nice visuals overall, but poor animations and simple animated charactersSound9/10Amazing SFX and ambient sounds, no voice overs for the dialogues thoughTexts8/10Surreal, cryptically told story in a historic setting; Few localizationsMapping7/10Flat 2D levels with some repetitive elements; Still decent design overallInterface8/10Nifty menus; Mandatory immersion-breaking mouseover symbols (eye & hand)Additional Notes:If you're interested in an alternative ending or want to enjoy the story again, there's also some replayability. The story is actually told in such a cryptic way - that you almosthaveto replay it to fully understand it. A lot of things won't make sense until you know what the bigger picture is all about.Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzNvidia GTX 970 (3.5-4GB)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDSettings: N/AIf you liked this review check out mycurator pageorarchiveand see how other games scored!"
76561198322105870,Recommended,555220,29475392,Posted: 24 January,all,Noyjoy,"This game is now in my top five favorite horror games that I have played. It has been a long time since i have seen a truly well made horror game. Detention starts off seeming like a standard point and click horror game but ends up turning into so much more. They nail the whole phychological horror aspect while staying away from cheap jump scares. It has added depth with a fact the story is based during Taiwan's history not to long ago.The atmoshere is this game is one of the best i have seen in a while. You might think a point and click might not be able to pull of the horror aspect very well but they did a brillient job. Every scene was made with such care, meaning and dark beauty. The part that ties best into this is a exellent soundtrack which really fits the mood.Over all i highly recommend this game to anyone who is into horror or point and clicks. If you are looking for something TERRIFYING you might be a bit disappointed but is still a great horror game. To me, this is a work of art and love letter the horror genre."
,Recommended,555220,29236842,Posted: 13 January,all,Vic Meng,This is a asia horror adventure game. Differ from japanese animation style. Be like a realistic combine taiwan religion and authoritarianism. Not too many text in the game. Mostly is poetry  mix strong sound and graphics to represent. Puzzle is not too hard about 3 hrs walkthrough and 2 round 100% achievements in the game.Definitely worth $10.
,Recommended,555220,29286092,Posted: 15 January,all,ุ,Moral of the story: don't fall asleep during class in Taiwan
76561198098576429,Recommended,555220,29334579,Posted: 18 January,all,你玩我我就玩你,"As a Taiwanese, I got a lot of feedback while playing.If you look at it carefully, you can find out lots of informationhidden in the back with details.This game is good at atmosphere controll and psychal description.With the OST which makes me scary but do match the game,the game controled player's emotion well.It's not a epic game like GTA,but the issue in the game is very profound.THUMBS UP FOR TAIWANESE GAMES PRODUCER!身為一個台灣人，玩這款遊戲的時候，得到非常多的共鳴。尤其在許多細節的鋪陳，都顯現出了製作團隊的用心。尤其是著重於心理層面的描述及譬喻，輔以緊張但到位的配樂，掌握玩家的心情拿捏得很好。雖是小品遊戲，但帶出的議題非常有深度。為台灣的遊戲製作團隊大聲喝采!"
76561197982441850,Recommended,555220,29295528,Posted: 16 January,all,prelude2disaster,"Wow. This is a true, shining gem of a game. While most games see 'horror' as 'gore-covered locales', this game takes it to an atmospheric level, where the two are coupled beutifully with a tight story, tense atmosphere and unreliant on jump scares.The story starts fairly simplistically but soon touches elements key to Taiwanese culture in the early 1960s and reaching an amazing crescendo. There are no ""but what if..."" questions left dangling at the end, aside one which is really down to your own perspective.The audio is superb and adds to the isolated environment and gamplay. There's honestly not much else to say about it, it fit perfectly and at no point did I find it detracting from the scene.The gameplay is simplistic and one handed. Controlled entirely with the mouse, left click to move and interact, right click to hold breath. The gmae doesn't have a tutorial but feeds you information through notes found in the environment and the odd 'floating info' but gives you all you need to know.The locales never outstay their welcome but aren't so short that you'll skip through them in seconds.Honestly, this is an amazing and refreshing submission to the atmospheric horror genre which has been lacking nigh on dormant, for lack of a better term, since Silent Hill 2. I whole-heartedly recommend."
,Recommended,555220,29636867,Posted: 1 February,all,ragtag,"I knew literally nothing about this game when I began playing it. I got it as a gift from a friend after I returned home from a vacation to Taiwan.I thought it was a simple atmospheric point and click horror adventure, but it turned out to be so much more. I would suggest you don't read any reviews of it, but justbuy itandplay it. Avoiding any spoilers.Btw. I would highly recommend visiting Taiwan too. :)"
76561198024315407,Recommended,555220,29312520,Posted: 17 January,all,sloan2,"This is an amazing work of art - and one that really uses the mechanics of game play to create a moving experience.I don't think I've ever seen such a deep and sensitive view into the dark corners of our inner lives and society. Especially for a non-Taiwanese such as myself, I think this is quite illuminating in terms of the experiences that some had during an especially challenging period of time in their people's history.Bravo to everyone at Red Candle for having the bravery and determination to produce this wonderful game."
,Recommended,555220,29519617,Posted: 27 January,all,Glöckchen,"The true terror might just be the totalitarian stateGood things about this:-	Storywise “Detention” is probably the most remarkable game I`ve ever played.-	No seriously, the story is amazingly thoughtful, well-rounded and overall just really,reallygood.-	The game is very unique: Nothing feels like a rip-off of anything nor cliché nor cheesy.-	The English subtitles are very well worded/almost poetic and apparently the translation was done really well.-	Visually the game is pretty interesting.-	The OST is very good and atmospheric, too.Neutral things or just things you should know before buying:-	“Detention” is pretty short: playtime is about three hours.-	It`s point&click gameplay  with rather easy riddles for most of the time.-	""Detention"" doesn`t really feel like  a video game in the traditional sense but more like a visual novel or an interactive movie.-	Only about the first third of the game can be considered horror (in the narrow sense of the genre). After that it`s more of a drama with supernatural elements.(Mind you, none of these are bad things - just things to consider if you`re wondering whether you`ll like this game or not.)I found no outright flaws with “Detention”."
,Recommended,555220,29493440,Posted: 25 January,all,Pacca,"WARNING: SPOILERS WITHIN THIRD PARAGRAPHFirst off, I would like to start this review by stating that I wholeheartedly agree with the other overwhelmingly positive reviews on this game: it is a digital work of art. The art style is unique, and gives off the almost paper cut-out vibes that The Cat Lady posessed. The color scheme used throughout (dark and gritty) fits the theme perfectly. I actually like that it doesn't try to go out of it's way to be ""eye-catching"" in the sense of color. It instead sticks to this unique code of greys to give the player a feeling for the situation. Not just the style enthralls me, though, but also the story itself. It's wonderfully crafted together. There is a large usage of metaphors to explain the main character's (Ray's) story throughout the duration of the game.This game is one of a kind. It takes place in a grim era called the White Terror, where many many Tiwanese people faced jail time and execution for expression of political freedom. I've never expected to play a game that is so rich with educational value of the history and culture of a country. At first, going into this game, I expected it to just be a horror game with pretty assets. I was entirely wrong. The horror isn't in the ficticious enemies you encounter through the playthrough of this historical work of fiction. No, the scariest thing is that this was a reality for hundreds of thousands of people.SPOILER PARAGRAPHS AHEAD, ONLY READ IF YOU HAVE PLAYED THIS GAME.I was so pleasantly surprised with how well crafted this story is. If you are confused on anything, please continue reading as I would like to help explain a little further. My first playthrough, I was equally as confused and unsure about the way it ended. I was left with the sense of having an empty stomach; my jaw agape and my mind confused. I felt that there was many loopholes and things yet to be explained, when I actually was just giving everything a lack of thought and attention.Like I said, this game takes place in the time period of the White Terror (around the last fifteen to twenty years of it). Ray was a student of high talent, but fell into a dark area of her life when family troubles had begun. Her father became a drunken cheater, and her mother could hardly sleep at night knowing what her husband had done. It was with these family troubles that she came to the counselor for guidance. She became attached, and felt love for him. They grew a forbidden relationship. Having this in mind, it explains two cutscenes: one where Ray asks Wei what kind of relationship he thinks is between Ms. Yin and Chang (counselor), and the other where Ray can be seen peeking through a door to overhear a past conversation between the two. In this second scene, Ms. Yin calls him out on romantically involving himself with a child, asking if he forgot what he and herself shared.Ray was jealous of Ms. Yin, having discovered that she is with the counselor. This is why we see a lot of Ray's home life throughout the story. They interconnect because she feels as though she's in the helpless position her mother was in. She felt cheated on too. Ray found the ad about an agency who tracks cheating and lying men and bringing them to justice. It's the ad her mother used to get her husband taken away for cheating. She went a similar route, and got the idea of being a ""snitcher"" from the cheating husband ad. Chang had an obvious hand in distributing ""illegal"" (communist propaganda) books for the book club in which Ms. Yang lead. Therefore, Ray got revenge on the two of them, taking down every affiliating student in-between. Having realized that she lost everything and everyone she loved, she committed suicide by jumping from the roof of the school; binding her spirit there.Her story throughout the game is a representation of going through a limbo of guilt for all of the pain she had caused (henceforth when you were given the bookclub list, it turned into a gun in the inventory, a symbol of the death and pain she caused). I recieved the good ending, where Wei is released from prison at the end of marshal law and he comes back to the school to remember all of the youth he had lost. Before the screen fades outm Wei finds his old desk where himself and Ray would meet. Then, Ray's spirit appears before him in the seat, showing that she is coming to terms with all that she has done and shows remorse, wanting to take it all back. And if I remember correctly, the bad ending is the endless limbo of guilt and sorrow when Ray does not own up to her actions.SPOILER BREAK - MY FINAL THOUGHTSAll in all, the story of this game is a fluent masterpiece. The story is just as long as it needs to be, and it's very well pieced together. And it has such a rare story to tell, too. It isn't often that you find a game so rich in culture and history. This was a very educational and emotional experience, and it just makes me grateful that I did not experience a time and place so terrifying just to express free speech. But, so well scripted that it makes me feel genuine sorrow for the events that occured on Tiwanese land. Again, this is an art piece, and this game and the soundtrack deserved every last cent I gave. I would recommend this to anyone who is willing to educate themselves, and learn something knew."
,Recommended,555220,29219347,Posted: 13 January,all,Fox,"Faithful Cat Lady clone with Silent Hill/Forbidden Siren elementsDetention is set in 1960s Taiwan during martial law. The game opens with Wei, a kid falling asleep in class, and when he wakes up notices the school has been abandoned. He meets a girl named Rey, where they both agree to escape the school. The most impressive thing about the game is the sound design, they nailed the background ambient noise and it will feel like Silent Hill. The graphics are very similar to “The Cat Lady” (which you should go check it out as well, its excellent) where the characters are 2D cut outs, but almost look real like a photo, giving that uncanny valley feeling. The game features no combat, rather stealth and puzzle solving. The game features a lot of references to Asian culture and religion, and combines horror elements with it, think Forbidden Siren.The game really is creepy, and you will get spooked! Check out my first part of the game, and follow me for more hot and spicy indie games and unboxingshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRvIRZoxdZ8"
,Recommended,555220,29425620,Posted: 22 January,all,*√∞Dangerous∞√*,"what a game, I rarely feel this way anymore with horror themed ones but this was thoroughly an amazing experience.I felt similar with the Silent Hill series or last year with Fata Morgana, these haunting, creepy, depressing and moody stories. And at the end of the journey you feel empty inside.As a Point & Click Horror game it really offers unique puzzles, not the common Trial & error ones, some of them are really clever. There aren't many enemies and i'm glad, they feel a lot more intimidating this way.So really try it out, even if you're normally not a fan of this type of game!"
76561198250588564,Recommended,555220,30972583,Posted: 5 April,all,deffndum,"One flaw I'd mention right off the bat is that, if you're looking for complex puzzles or mechanics, this game isn't for you. The puzzles are rather self explanitory, maybe one or two will leave you thinking for a bit. For the most part, the experience of the game itself - it's artstyle, it's atmosphere, it's story, and it's overall message - is where it truly shines. It had a lot of creepy, spooky imagery throughout. As someone who's a big baby when it comes to horror games, I've definitely Alt+F4'd this game a few times. However, as I pressed on and the game began to reveal the very unfortunate past that had unfolded at this school (and in the mc's life... and in this country's history...), bit by bit, the suspense was slowly replaced with sadness. Surprisingly, it's almost like the game anticipates this response from the player, because the scares and spooks do sort of become more of an backdrop, rather than the ""main attraction"", once the player gets deeper into the story. This is greatly appreciated. I was definitely still on the edge of my seat, but I was able to relax just enough to really take my time to understand the events. By the end of the game, I was left with conflicting feelings toward Fang, the mc. Truly no one leaves this situation happy."
,Recommended,555220,32623996,Posted: 21 June,all,Gn4rlyPsycho,"Captivating story, more so towards the end. Slightly creepy around the beginning, but if you're not a ♥♥♥♥♥ like me, you might get past that quickly. There aren't any complex puzzles, but i guess the main puzzle or thought provoking aspect is putting the clues together in understanding the story better. Any prior knowledge on martial law and Taiwan within, before and after the 60s would also make the story clearer.Worth the price, for such a good game!"
76561198017557163,Recommended,555220,29280445,Posted: 15 January,all,Idiosavant,Good atmosphere.Great music.It's not really a horror game but a sorrowful story telling.base on real historical event.Anyway worth a shot.對岸不知是否可以也以大躍進大飢荒、文化大革命、六四天安門做背景製作一款述說哀傷歷史的遊戲呢。
,Recommended,555220,29312130,Posted: 16 January,all,Astolfo,"This game is just wow, when they said ""atmospheric"" hell it's ultra atmospheric. The storytelling is real good and it really makes you think, a word of warning this game is quite depressing to say the least but don't let that make you think bad of this game. It gave me some small vibe from the game ""Limbo"" though but that's probably the only other 2D game i've played. Well that being said this game is real good and I totally liked the overall storytelling it gave though some parts of it may be deep well anyways that's where I'll end."
76561198012053344,Recommended,555220,33805377,Posted: 26 July,all,Omae wa mou shindeiru,"Detention is a unique little gem within indie horror games. Combining mystery with bone-chilling atmosphere, distinguishable production values and eastern sensibilities and religion, this game stands out as a fine example on how to do storytelling right in games.Before delving into the review itself, some historical context is needed, as history and culture ties heavily into the game’s narrative. Detention is set in 1960, during the “White Terror” period of Taiwan when the country was ruled by martial law under the authoritarian Chiang Kai-Shek. Chiang used to control mainland China before the communist revolution. Having been defeated by the communists, Chiang and his party, the Kuomintang, fled to the Island of Taiwan and established their new government, essentially creating the country we know today as Taiwan (although China still claims the country as a region of its own). At this point in history, the Kuomintang was still recognized as the legitimate government of China by much of the world, and sought to eventually retake the mainland from the communists. Due to the country’s heated rivalry with the mainland, anyone suspected of being a traitor were severely punishment. Dissidents, traitors and free thinkers were imprisoned, and thousands were executed. This period lasted from 1949 to 1987, making it one of the longest periods of martial law in any country throughout history. It is a time that is far from the modern perception we have of Taiwan today and is, frankly, a period in history that remains overlooked by far too many. Knowing about the history of Taiwan may very well add to the enjoyment of Detention, although the game itself does provide you with the necessary background info to know what is going on.You play as Wei Chung Ting, a Taiwanese student who falls asleep at school. He wakes up and realizes that it is late, and everyone has gone home due to an incoming typhoon. As he attempts to leave the school, he runs into Fang Ray Shin, a senior girl, who tags along. Discussing the game’s story further would most likely go into spoiler territory, but in short, certain circumstances leads to you taking control of Ray, revealing that she is the true protagonist of the game. As Ray, you are trapped in a corrupted world where evil spirits lurk and vague memories of the past haunts her. And this is where the game truly begins.The main meat of Detention’s gameplay consists of you exploring Ray’s abandoned school campus. Evil spirits lurk that pose a threat to Ray and thus must be stealthily avoided. Puzzles are presented to you throughout the game. Whilst not exceptionally challenging (this is no The Witness), some of these puzzles do contain some clever ideas as well as incorporating the narrative into their design, giving you hints of what has happened. Being a horror game, you can expect to be creeped out as well. Whilst the game contains a couple of cheap jumpscares, the horror is mostly derived from its unsettling environment, using atmosphere rather than in-your-face scares to disturb the player.Detention contains an art style that is rather striking and unique. Whilst the characters certainly have anime-esque features, the game’s style is rather unorthodox, combining 2d art, some 3d props and what I presume are real images, giving the game a collage-like look. A minor criticism is that a few of these presumably real image assets have a noticeable low resolution and thus looks pixelated compared to the surrounding assets. The game also boasts a chilling atmospheric soundtrack, blending ambient music with incidental sounds that creates a suitable dreadful atmosphere. There is no voice acting in the game, and while that could be viewed as a shortcoming, the lack of spoken dialogue did add to the desolate loneliness invoked by the game.Whilst this is a puzzle game, what makes you keep on playing is the mystery itself. The game has great pacing, and small but essential clues about Ray’s past are revealed constantly, either through the environment, the puzzles, clues and notes or through the occasional cutscene. The game ties its plot points beautifully as it progresses, making seemingly disconnected scenes become a part of the greater overall picture of the tragic past. It is not a long game, clocking in at about 3-4 hours, but the length felt perfect. The game tells its story in a condense and concise manner, with none of the filler that bogs down some longer story driven games. If you’re the type of gamer who expects to be entertained for a certain number of hours depending on the price you pay, perhaps this game will come up short in terms of value. But if you value the experience above the hours invested, then the games asking price is certainly worth it. The atmosphere of Detention is undeniable, and the real historical themes tied to the games fictitious story adds to the tragic and gut-wrenching nature of the narrative.This is a must for horror fans and those who appreciate intelligent, focused storytelling in video games."
,Recommended,555220,29322460,Posted: 17 January,all,Octoboy,"What a treat!After so many horror games that are about as subtle as a brick to the face, it's fantastic to finally experience one that relies more on atmosphere, symbolism, and sound design, with only about two or three instances I would consider ""startling"" (but not full on in-your-face jumpscares).As for the gameplay, it's a pretty basic point and click, but without the hair-pulling obtuseness of the puzzles that normally comes with the genre. If you're paying attention and observing your surroundings as much as the game will allow, you (probably) won't have any trouble figuring them out with a little bit of thinking. There was only about one instance where I was stuck on a solution that took me more that a few minutes to figure out. (Hint: The notebook is a usable item, who would've thought?)Graphics-wise, the game looks pretty good! The tweened animations of the characters look a little jank and uncanny, but I'm willing to forgive things like that, given the game's indie nature. Not much else to say in that regard, but I couldn't help but fantasize what this would have been like if it were a full 3D production with a higher budget. (It probably would have been considered one of the best horror games of all time, at least to me.)The story is told at just the right pace, and in just the right way. Not much is really outright stated, with lots of stuff being revealed through symbolism or cryptic messages and notes, but it's still easy enough to piece together what exactly happened. Heck, if I could figure it out, anyone could.All in all, I absolutely loved playing this game, and I'd happily recommend it to any of my friends looking for a horror game that ISN'T desperately clawing for the YouTuber audience."
,Recommended,555220,29572623,Posted: 29 January,all,Seraph,"Click here for the video review!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbM9QUNNLiwReleased worldwide for PCs on January the 12th 2017 with the development and publishing of the game handled by Red Candle Games we have Detention. Set in a fictional school in Taiwan, Detention is an atmospheric side scrolling point and click adventure with some psychological and horror elements.For context, the game is set during the 1960s in Taiwan during a period known as The White Terror. This was a time where Taiwan was under martial law and any opposition to the KMT or Chinese Nationalist Party was met with being put into jail if you were lucky, or death. The White Terror period lasted for 38 years and to this day remains one of the longest periods of time where a country has been under Martial Law. A lot of people prosecuted during that time were usually intellectuals or people with higher social standings and that was because at the time the KMT were afraid that they could resist their rules and policies, or start becoming communist sympathizers. In this game, you play as two students, Wei and Ray as they try to find out what’s been going on in their school. As they uncover more about what’s been happening, they also need to avoid the Lingered and other horrors roaming the place.Good:+ The game has it nailed when it comes down to atmosphere.+ Interesting use of Taiwanese/Chinese customs and mythology+ Enjoyable storyBad:- Short game- Lack of monsters to add tension to some areas of the gameDetention is a fun, short game. While the game lacked in jump scares like a traditional horror game, it certainly made up for it in terms of atmosphere and soundtrack. The time period was an interesting choice which flowed quite well and the story was certainly one that kept me interested through the short amount of time I spent with the game. I would highly recommend this game. It’s a short game which can be beaten in an Afternoon or Evening and I know I’ll be repeating myself again, but it’s worth it for the atmosphere."
76561198359106401,Recommended,555220,29268683,Posted: 15 January,all,houpan2,"Great story-telling technique, amazing graphic presentation, overwhelming BGM, and beautiful story.Probably the most out-standing 2D advanture game I played these years.Highly recommended to you."
,Recommended,555220,32987043,Posted: 29 June,all,Panana Beel,"A fantastic narrative-driven game with enjoyable puzzles. However, don't let the puzzle tag deter non-puzzle gamers! I tend to stay away from puzzles, but the ones in Detention are manageable, and serve more as mini quests.For those who enjoy horror, but not getting a heart attack (looking at you, Amnesia: The Dark Descent), Detention does a great job creating tension at times without heaping too much onto the player. This allows you to focus on the world, its objects, stories, and characters, without being too terrified to progress. This is doubly true for the puzzles, which are not difficult to the point of being unable to finish the game.Detention can be completed in one sitting (~ 3 hours).PROS:+ Stunning art+ Beautiful soundtrack+ Incredible story+ Thought-provokingCONS:- Ambiguous storylines could lead to confusion"
,Recommended,555220,33451559,Posted: 11 July,all,RoninGazelle,"TLDR ver : this game is good and very Taiwan----------------------------------------Taiwanese here :)I wasn't born during the white terror but heard about it from my grand parents & history classesIt was basically a time which the whole society was afraid of the commies and all activities with potential communist-relation would cause imprisonment or deathAKA a Taiwanese red scare era, both happened around the same time period (post WWII)This game perfectly captured the struggling of people living in this era and combined with traditional Taiwanese culture, which is quite different from the mainland Chinese culture (and some really scary af jump scaresAlthough I'm not sure if the English translation conveyed the meaning of some of the dialogues perfectly or not as they use some high level chinese words and phrases, I still recommend this game to people that are not from Taiwan, if you are not into history don't worry as this game wasn't a heavily history-based game, but learning the history gives more understanding to the outstanding story of this game anyway am i right :)(no ads here just personal recommendation) If you'd like to know more about the white terror, checked out another amazing Taiwanese game by Erotes Games called Rainy Port KeelungI'm pretty sure they don't make p0rn although they literally called themselves Erotes"
,Recommended,555220,29838589,Posted: 10 February,all,Anita Cafe,"This is a really, really, really, really, reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeally good game! A couple of jump scares, but mostly creepy atmosphere with gorgeous art. Tons of surrealist art if that's your thing. The game play is super involved because I can't even fathom how I didn't get the 90% observation achievement on my first go; I thought I was being super thorough. Plenty of puzzles and exploration with creepy aparitions to keep you on your toes.Not a single complaint, I'd play it again."
76561198357884921,Recommended,555220,29264871,Posted: 14 January,all,xenosagaa,I am really happy that there is finally a Taiwanese game that the creators actually spend time writing the characters conversations and the contents. I can tell they used their heart in making this game. I am very glad that I spent that 10 bucks to support.
76561198088230794,Recommended,555220,29258045,Posted: 14 January,all,Rua This World,"Back when I was playing the demo, I thought this might be a horror game and the atomsphere is great.The truth is only first 1/3 is horror, second 1/3 is more about puzzle-solving and last 1/3 is more about making choices. You feel last 2/3 spooky is because the atomsphere of this game is really good - colors, art works, sound, BGMs. You can hardly find similar styles in western horror games.However, I have to admit this is not what I was expected about this game. The demo is really awesome and I would like to know what happened to the end. However, one pityful thing of the official game is the story is kinda ambiguous. If the game gave us side-line stories from other people's perspectives, I would give the game 10/10.The other thing is language. Like many novel stories, they feel different after translation. As a Chinese, I can easily access to the game with my background. Then I changed it to English and it feels..well..different.Anyway, it is still the best horror game in a while and defintely worth buying."
,Recommended,555220,29304854,Posted: 16 January,all,Sean Han Tani,"Wow! I'm a Taiwanese-American who had one side of my family leave Taiwan in the 60s for likely some of the reasons illustrated in this game.It's great to see what's been heavily covered in taiwanese literature/film also finally show up in a english-localized game - very glad to see it doing so well.the theme of horror here is done really well - as the character's backgrounds and relationships are uncovered. The use of horror tropes is justified and by the end of the game you have an understanding of why a character would perceive the world this way, the political pressures and sense of entrapment martial-law taiwan had. puzzles are never a chore and enemy encounters have just the right amount.(spoilers)but what's great is the true ending - and how it clears up all the loose ends in a very smart way - having the initial character revisit the school he used to go to, and as you walk through the school (which was the setting of the whole game), he revisits memories. the world is now sunny, basking in what is the current (and hopefully future) political freedom of taiwan.the game itself takes a very traditional horror + point and click adventure approach. wouldn't classify it as survival. after the first hour or two it ends up as more of a surreal point+click adventure."
,Recommended,555220,29725647,Posted: 5 February,all,Luna,"This game left me in tears, everything about it is so beautifully portrayed. The storyline is a piece of art and you can finish it in about 2-5 hours but it will leave a stamp on your heart for the rest of your life. The last scene in the game finished me off K.O *RIP luna* I strongly recommmend this game for whoever's looking for a psychological horror that has a very good storyline."
76561198067093937,Not Recommended,555220,31766583,Posted: 15 May,all,alexandrep,"The narrative is quite good and the atmosphere is fantastic, but that's about it. If you buy this expecting great gameplay or numerous chills down the spine, you will be disappointed. You will most likely find scarier, non-jumpscare horror games out there. You will most likely find better, longer-lasting atmospheric story-driven point-and-click games out there (hell, for the limited gameplay they offer, atmosphere and story are about all point-and-clicks HAVE).The mechanics in place for avoiding the monsters are pretty cool, and I wish the development team had done more with those elements, but the game seems to just... give up on them at the 60-percent mark, which is a damn shame (you only run into two different monster types during a playthrough). They were the most active elements of gameplay, and the only actual threats you ever encounter (not to mention a solid complement to the atmosphere).Having bought this at the full 13$ sticker price, I do NOT feel like I have gotten my money's worth for the four hours-tops of gameplay. I would, however, highly suggest getting this on sale if you're in it for the ride and not actively trying to support the development team."
76561198008840122,Recommended,555220,29229217,Posted: 13 January,all,Devil,氛围很棒的游戏，整个游戏的氛围非常压抑，中华鬼魅的元素也体现的恰到好处，而且对于人物心理刻画的手法多样，剧情也是通过不同人物的穿插来一层层剥离开。唯一美中不足的就是关卡解谜有些过于简单，而且和鬼怪互动的机会太少，导致紧张感不足，并且因此导致游戏篇幅过短，我磨磨蹭蹭每个门都要开一遍，每个地方都要点一下的玩法，2个半小时也都全部通关了。其中有很多人物之间的情感细节可以通过更多的场景和诡异的谜题来进行刻画。当然细节刻画的较少反而能给人留下想象的空间，这个就看制作人怎么把握了。总而言之对于喜欢民国台湾风格恐怖题材游戏的同学们强烈推荐这款游戏，戒严和反匪谍的背景也是很令人兴奋的敏感题材，对于这种有关两岸历史内容的游戏和影视娱乐作品，大陆几乎没几款说得过去的作品，稍微敏感点的不是被阉割就是被封杀，因此个人非常欢迎这种揭开尘封历史的游戏作品。
,Recommended,555220,31023102,Posted: 8 April,all,(◕ ◡ ◕)つRefia™,"Pretty good game overall, the story is pretty coherent and really good. Some parts are made a little bit annoying kind of incidentally by virtue of travel being slow when you have to backtrack to check something, which happens a decent amount. Some monsters are a little annoying as well, but these negatives don't really detract too much from the overall experience. The atmosphere and sound design are very well done, and although there are technically jump scares, they don't feel obnoxious or out of place. Most of the horror itself is achieved through atmosphere and the things you experience in the game as you piece the story together. The puzzles are mostly easy, but there are a few that are easy to miss the solution to as well, so you might get stuck thinking you have what you need to solve it when you don't, but overall they're pretty good. I would say Detention is one of the better horror games I've played recently, but not too many good ones come out. Definitely worth 10 dollars if you like horror."
,Recommended,555220,29347536,Posted: 18 January,all,Nanneri,"Top notch storytelling and atmosphere reminiscing of the early Silent Hill games, paired with gorgeous visuals and clever (although fairly simple) puzzles.I’m not Taiwanese nor did I know anything about Taiwan prior to playing this game, but the developer really managed to let you know and, more importantly, feel how the time period in which the game is set was for Taiwan without relying in some sort of info dump about Taiwanese culture and history.It’s a short game, that’s for sure, but I believe it’s just the right length to tell the story it set out to tell without dragging it unnecessarily.I honestly never expected this game to be as good as it is, but guess what? It absolutely blew me away. It’s definitely worth your money and your time."
,Recommended,555220,29433832,Posted: 22 January,all,ColeTrain1034,"Wow. Just wow. I'm officially a big fan of this game. The symbolism - eye-opening. The story - captivating. The gameplay - simple, yet terrifying. I couldn't stop playing this game and now that I've finished, I wish there was more. Usually with point-and-click games, I give up halfway through because the stories rarely keep me motivated, and the puzzles are SO complicated that I feel like moving on to something else. This game is the complete opposite. I was so intrigued that I had plenty of motivation to keep moving, and the puzzles were challenging, yet solvable. I never felt like quitting."
76561198174927349,Recommended,555220,34927265,Posted: 13 September,all,oblivious111,"not only a wonderful horror game, but a wonderful experience all on its own with a beautiful story. the art is amazing and sets the perfect scene for this game."
,Recommended,555220,29381428,Posted: 20 January,all,Hektor Hernández,"This game is good. While it was only brief three hours long, these three hours were really, damn good. Despite the current indie-horror trends, this game is puzzle driven rather than stealth, and got some cool ideas for them.The atmosphere is very tense, not really scary, but tense. Closer to something like Silent Hill rather than Amnesia or Outlast, especially due to all the surrealist iamges it employs.It's also really cool to see games taking on things we haven't seen much before, like taiwans history and mythology.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,555220,29263042,Posted: 14 January,all,Wiznik,"Very interesting and unique game. The puzzles are complex enough to cause a bit of thinking, but not hard at all to figure out. The story was captivating and the pieces came together very well. I would really like more horror games that were also educational, as I had never known much of anything about 1960's Taiwan before playing this. I really appreciated the art style, too. Fantastic game, and had some pretty chilling effects for a sidescrolling click game."
,Recommended,555220,29216066,Posted: 12 January,all,Lewd,"This is the best horror game released in quite awhile.The graphics are outstanding for what they are, we've seen this style of animation before (Cat Lady being one of them) but this game in particular does it possibly the best I think the style can be done.The entire game itself is pretty much a  mass of little puzzles, even down to confrontations with the many ghosties that haunt this realm. Each creature you encounter has it's own mechanics that you have to deal with, they all vary quite significantly.Death is not the end, you will 'respawn' and be given little hints and lore about the creature that managed to murder you, it's an extremely small detail but one I adore significantly.The story is set heavily in the war turmoil of China in Taiwan during the 50's, and you don't have to be a history buff or even know anything about the happenings during this time period to understand the atmosphere and mental mindset of the characters due to it portrayed in this game, it hits close to home regardless of where your home happens to be.My only problems are that some of the puzzles are pretty outlandish, despite that the puzzles in question still provide a shock and contemplation. So you could easily mark it off as ""Point and Click Adventure game mechanics"" or, quite simply, surrealism, like the Silent Hill franchise.Around three quarters through the game, there are no more 'enemies'. Just puzzles and lots of story/dialog/plot. Which isn't incredibly bad, but the few enemies in the game are incredibly well designed (The lingered are possibly some of the creepiest designs in gaming) and animated, to never see them again after a point was rather disappointing.I would have easily paid much more for this game and felt satisfied, in contrast to my enjoyment of it currently, the price is merely pocket change and should not deter anyone from giving it a shot."
,Recommended,555220,29293481,Posted: 16 January,all,Wild Potato Industries,"I gotta give it them, this was a fantastic Horror/Drama game. The basic plot at the start might not sound too intresting, but let me tell ya', this game's story is more than what it seems. After completeing it, I was left speechless.So far, this game is a great way to kick off 2017.Highly recommended for people who like Silent Hill 2, The Cat Lady or period pieces with some intresting stylization."
,Recommended,555220,32826295,Posted: 26 June,all,IMMORTAL,"Usually I’m too lazy to write a review just play.But this game really disserves playing it’s point and click horror lovely story.So, the story to interesting 10/10Character and design 8/10Music 10/10It dose deserve my money for sure I love it"
76561198194435093,Recommended,555220,29751747,Posted: 6 February,all,philodebate,"I have 138 games in my Steam account, and I have played them for thousands of hours. But the 4 hours I spent on Detention is the best expereince I have ever had of playing video game.This game is simply amazing. I really want to thanks the Devs for bringing us such an incredible masterpiece."
,Recommended,555220,33969383,Posted: 2 August,all,icn,"Detention is a good game and tells its grim story through several smartly designed set pieces. The art style fits the oppressive theme and is supported by harrowing soundeffects and well written notes and artefacts that you find throughout the world. The gameplay presents itself with well realized point & click mechanics that you use to solve several puzzles and progress in the story. The puzzles are designed in a simple way (some of them have inventive ideas or interesting mythology behind them) and usually do not present a difficult challenge, however, they fit the environment and often give you meaningful context to the narrative instead of just being an obstacle hindering your progress.Detention really earned its overwhelmingly positive rating on Steam. Even though it might seem a bit overpriced when compared to similar titles that often feature voice acting and/or longer campaigns. With about 3 hours of gameplay, Detention, while being well crafted, definitely is a short game. Still, its quality and uniqueness, provided by the unusual setting, make it worth its price. Definitely a recommendation."
76561198038337999,Recommended,555220,31691698,Posted: 11 May,all,Phlebas,"Simply remarkable. Rarely does a game, let alone a horror title, convey probity with such elegance. In ""Detention,"" cultural particulars become the vehicle for moral and historical stakes of the highest order, including questions about identity and liberation, the tension between filial duty and social propriety, and the crushing burdern of historical memory. All of this unfolds across a narrative, weighing in at around five hours, that is slight without being trivial. Indeed, I was emotionally exhausted after running through the story from end to end, which perfectly suits the tone of this ink-black psychological thriller. Be prepared to think and feel your way through this story-driven title."
,Recommended,555220,29639399,Posted: 1 February,all,Frosted Fricks,"This quite possibly has been the best game I have played in a while and my interest was retained through the entire play! I would absolutely recommend this game to anybody. The story, the music, and the artistry are all masterfully done! Both endings were great and entertained the idea of theorizing why the character was in that predicament and what had actually happened. Again I would recommend this to anyone. Thank you so much for sharing this with me. I have played this on YouTube and have dedicated an entire series to this game, you can find the playlist here:►https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lljkw9Xq_cg&list=PLKeAQk4uE9aadU-fiFrdqfpuKBa3-Cd8RThank you so much for making such a great game!"
76561198168265212,Recommended,555220,32908682,Posted: 27 June,all,Weeaboo Jones,"Really well put together. Good Story and Atmosphere, highly recomended."
,Recommended,555220,29319157,Posted: 17 January,all,burntpancakethebhaalspawn,"No Spoilers are present in this review.Not a fan of horror game but this gem caught my eye due to its unique setting & culture reference. The narative captures the ""white terror"" period in Taiwan as well as common people's emotions, I suppose a lot of people can relate to and reflect on it. The supernatural events feature Chinese folk religion, the puzzles associated with them are well presented and the devs made sure that a English speaker can understand the references well enough.What I like most about this game is that it doesn't rely on jumpscare to maintain its horror game theme but rather rely on carefully built-up atomosphere. I utterly despise any horror game or movie that abuses it. The jumpscares in this game are well timed and structured, definetly an example for future level designers on how jumscare should be used in horror games.Overall there's no awkwardness about this game and it provides a consitent and smooth experience."
,Recommended,555220,31381799,Posted: 26 April,all,boxxy,"Absolutely LOVED this game, worth the buy!!"
,Recommended,555220,35008091,Posted: 16 September,all,kree,"Loved this game. What starts creepy goes further into a very interesting and disturbing story. Puzzles will great throughout, and I loved the cultural touch this game included. I would definitely recommend if you like point and click horror games like Fran Bow/Masochosia and the like. Get it--it is awesome."
76561198052394081,Recommended,555220,29273741,Posted: 15 January,all,Kite1haseo,"Absolutely great game as far as point & click horror games go, 8.5/10. This game tells the story in an interesting way and it doesn't rely on jumpscares, but a creepy atmosphere. I only got stuck at about 3 puzzles, they aren't too difficult so long as you pay attention to what you're doing.I did a full playthrough on my twitch channel if you wanna check it outhttps://www.twitch.tv/kite1haseo"
,Recommended,555220,29255304,Posted: 14 January,all,STBill,Detention is a point and click 2D horror game. The atmosphere is great and the puzzles are smart. I really enjoyed the game!The only negative things are the game takes about 5 to 6 hours to complete and the later half is more surreal than horror.Overall I consider it a good buy for horror fans and hope to see more from this developer!
,Recommended,555220,29226587,Posted: 13 January,all,anxious mofo,"2D-scroll amnesia with less horror, less gameplay -- which actually turns out pretty well for someone who loves amnesia with passion but never gets enough nerves to finish it -- and probably more plot, although it could seem a bit too simplistic and typical for those who are familiar enough with taiwanese history. art is top notch without a doubt, and how it manages to blend together several cultural elements from different periods so well is impressive."
,Recommended,555220,31024485,Posted: 8 April,all,Waifu A2,"This game is amazing. This game really shows how much one may regret by being too envious and selfish. The horror seems to out quite a bit after a certain point, but the story is still very worth staying for. There are 2 endings: a good and a bad one. It took me 2 playthroughs and some re-readings over the documents to understand the lore completely, but in the end, it was beautiful and worth every single second of my life."
76561197970426139,Recommended,555220,29333318,Posted: 18 January,all,Toran Blackwater,"I just played the game for an hour but I like it pretty much that far - I save the game for next friday's late night with lights off and volume up.The unusual setting in Taiwan during the White Terror period, the creepy music and the eerie sound effects, the atmospheric art style - they leave me with a more haunting feeling than the typical and more explicit blood & guts horror game like Resident Evil & Co."
,Recommended,555220,29828376,Posted: 10 February,all,ManekiN3ko,"I typically don't like side scrolling games, but this game was beautiful, haunting, and scary.If you are into story-heavy games I recommend this completely. I loved it from beginning to end."
,Recommended,555220,29754311,Posted: 6 February,all,PersonGuy,"Very creepy adventure game with writing so clever in sneaks up behind you. The setting starts out a little bland, but boldly evolves throughout the game... first into a supernatural nightmare and then back into even more horrific reality. Halfway through it seems impossible to make sense of all the madness, and yet the last hour effortlessly takes each story thread and ties them together into a coherent conclusion. No patronizing over explanation, just brilliant environmental storytelling.The whole thing plays a pretty slow. It's a classroom, so the uniform doors can make it difficult to remember where everything is which leads to a lot of backtracking. Monsters are used sparingly which feels about right. It's visually unique, but the animation is a little stiff. Audio is excellent throughout. My biggest gripe is that you can't save at any time which meant I'd sometimes be stuck playing longer than I wanted if I was teleported to a new location and hadn't found a save point yet."
76561198085731158,Recommended,555220,34870399,Posted: 10 September,all,abryss,"This game puts you into a perspective like no other. Sure, it's a horror game, but the game has more to offer other than the horror aspects. It takes you through a ride of emotions and moral questioning during a very dark time in history. Although unlike traditional horror games, where they throw you into a place and try to make jumpscares as their main scare tatic. Detention does a very good job by using the games atmosphere to give that player a sense of fear as if they are expecting something. the BGM and eerie ambiece. I know I'm just speaking out of my head, but this game I cannot recommend enough. Story was absolutely a well crafted piece and the music was also well done. If you have any sort of interest in getting this game, get it! It's well worth the money and without a doubt I wouldn't say I regret buying this. (although if you can get it on sale that would also be better.)"
,Recommended,555220,34237557,Posted: 14 August,all,PoisonIvyCarter,"This is one of the greatest horror games I've ever played, I found it reminiscent of the heydays of the Silent Hill and Resident Evil series. Although it started off feeling a lot like a traditional horror, it later veered unexpectedly into the psychological horror genre, not unlike Silent Hill 2. Not only did Detention feel genuinely scary and unnerving as well as offer some interesting enemy types, but it also had one of the strongest narratives I've ever experienced, solid character development, it felt open-ended but still linear while offering closure and educated me on a culture and aspect of history that I'd never really thought of before. I'd highly recommend this game to fans of horror and its subgenres but also to anyone who appreciates commendable storytelling and innovative mechanics."
,Recommended,555220,30647141,Posted: 20 March,all,Second Impact was an inside job,"Well written and well told story. Good graphic adventure with an interesting plot featuring elements not usually seen by Western audiences. The puzzles were compelling and entertaining albeit a tad ""linear"" in the sense of them being not truly able  to be missed. The sense of doom impending and imminent danger that you'll be put through at several points of the story is engaging and well implemented.Getting to the true ending might not be easy on a first playthrough, but replayability is facilitated by a convenient access to all chapters of the story once one playthrough has been completed.While it is correct that the game contains bits and parts of gore and graphic violence, the fear angle this game tends to aim for is a psychological one; depending on your own subjectivity, you may or may not be affected by it; I have been, but only at few points in the story and always with the element of surprise and the unexpected against me. Still, even if you find the scares underwhelming or wanting, I reckon the overall story being told should entertain you and make you push through towards the end even if these are not the scares you were lookng for.The main character can be quite relatable at certain aspects, but this again is wildly subjective.Extras and additionals linger scattered about the world from the onset of the story and throughout it, so exploring every corner and clicking everywhere is emphasised strongly.If you are a completionist, obtaining all achievements (so far there are 8) is rather easy and shouldn't take more than two, three playthroughs at the absolute most: moreover, the ability to choose which part of the story to replay aids in this quest to completion.Nice indie, a short, self-contained, touching adventure that makes for a fresh breeze to the genre whilst exploring a space-time period not often worked by the gaming industry: at this, the game achieves wonderful success. All in all, it is acultural adventureat heart for us not familiar with the wonderful themes and subthemes it tells us about.I have been gladly surprised by the game and have thoroughly enjoyed my time inDetention.9/10 super recommended. Try it out if you can!"
,Recommended,555220,29277685,Posted: 15 January,all,小呱呱,"What scared me is not only the illusion or whatever...It's from the atmosphere of White Terror.The religion things, mepputs and even the music are not only the culture things.They're also the victims of White Terror.It's good to see that this game make a good combination of them.I really recommend to play this game if you want to experience what happened in 1960's Taiwan.遊戲中很好的呈現了來自整個白色恐怖時社會詭譎的氣氛，包括遊戲中的布袋戲、宗教元素、音樂等，皆是當時受到當權者迫害的受害者。今天透過遊戲開發者的用心將這些元素融合在一起，成為了現在我們看到的遊戲，我覺得很棒。我很推薦那些想要知道白色恐怖時台灣發生了什麼的人們遊玩這款遊戲。"
,Recommended,555220,29419173,Posted: 22 January,all,Vela,"Touch people, familiar with the history will not help but tear, do not know what happened in Taiwan or do not understand the KMT can not miss.觸動人心，熟悉歷史的會不禁淚下，不清楚台灣發生過什麼事情或不瞭解KMT的更不能錯過。"
,Recommended,555220,29274159,Posted: 15 January,all,AJ☆,-scary-amazing art style-fun puzzle-worth the $Found out about this game from Gamestart2016 tried the demo there and fell in love. I definitely recommend this game :)
,Recommended,555220,29284724,Posted: 15 January,all,*^SaoSin^*,"We enter the stage.Facing up reality.Who are you?Why is everyone applausing.You see chair in the middle.Why did it come to this?Silence is the only answer received.RedCandleGames brings me back into days when I was enchanted by almost every East Horror production. Be it a film or game, doesn't matter. What matter most is that the greatest horrors are focused on story and on playing out your character. Western Horror market don't usualy give us that. They try to put us into nameless heroes, who don't even have proper background to feel deep emotions for them, making straight forward horror games.""Detention"" is breaking away from these, serving its own heart on a plate from the very beginning. Giving us suffocating story and great feels with open ending, charming visuals, elements of simple point and click gameplay, and finaly lore from Taiwanese culture. Fear is among everything in atmosphere, surreal and real it is all explained. Terror is changing with each step of our lost girl Ray, surprises are many and they are not just cheap scares.Riddles are nicely balanced so most of the time, you won't be lost at all. Game is helping in navigation. Still it is not holding by the hand, giving you as much freedom in thinking as possible in situation. The only minor dilema would be monsters. They should be more annoying, more unpredictible and more numbered. Once you figure them out, there is no danger from them. Still their appearance and sound is disturbing on it's own, making me tremble.Tears will remain that its only 5 hours long."
,Recommended,555220,33111799,Posted: 1 July,all,dreamnook,"OK, let me weep a little first.*crying for a hour.*Here we go.If you are TIRED of horror games that always end up using jump scares, loud noise and unanswer questions.If you are EAGER for...Something that wasn't Christian.Something that make you uneasy.Something with a good, believable story.DETETION is the game for you.The artstyle is ok, music is fine. Gameplay itself wasn't much.Common point and click adventure game.But the atmosphere, the way devs tell their tale,Are really, really GOOD.Storyline is a ""WOW.""I believe not so many people would pick up this game and expect youself fill with sadness.Even have to cry.Just, buy this game, please."
76561198095072380,Recommended,555220,31477261,Posted: 30 April,all,cruiseykj1205,"It was like watching a gloomy, depressive and yet restrained movie. Definitely worth your money"
76561197974004598,Recommended,555220,32924288,Posted: 28 June,all,Iskarius,"This game is trippy and weird. I'm not sure what happened in it in the end.The story brought forth interesting imagery. I had this feeling that something was wrong the whole time. Is this a depiction what school life in communist China was (or could it still feel like this? Keyword: feel).Parts of the game feel real somehow, even though it is very abstract in nature. Not sure how the game managed to communicate this to me.It is clunky gameplay wise, the graphics aren't great, but its also short like it should be.I just have to recommend it as an experience. It is a rather unique game.Also as you can tell, the game confused me a lot. That's always a bonus."
,Recommended,555220,29228098,Posted: 13 January,all,FacepalmRunner,"Non-native players might have trouble understanding the cultural stuff and the White Terror history from the background; but if you prefer story rich games, I totally recommend this one."
,Recommended,555220,29214853,Posted: 12 January,all,MasterLeoTheInvincible,"比他妈返校差远了！Pros:音效很棒情节挺吸引人Cons;我怎么觉得解密成分>恐怖成分跟""neverending nightmares""有点像动画有点。。节奏略慢暂给好评!"
,Recommended,555220,29885073,Posted: 12 February,all,Aleth,"Nice point and click game with horror elements and some good riddles. The story is pretty interesting and engaging, and will keep you immerged into the game. I wish the game was longer, but it's totally worth the price. Sound design is done right and the music is totally a good choice, especially if you liked music you could hear in Silent Hill, for exemple.A good choice if you wanna get a cool game, even if you don't like point and click ones!"
76561198119497695,Recommended,555220,29513197,Posted: 26 January,all,Prettynpink69,"This is my first time writing a review for anyting in my life, so that just goes to show how phenomenal this game is. Great storyline, great puzzles, overall a great game."
,Recommended,555220,30184668,Posted: 25 February,all,♥ Vivelafrance,"WOW. Looking at the reviews and trailer/pictures already had me hooked; but to play this game and actually read every note and clue, to have me actually invested into the story, not many games can do that. This sort of point and click horror game really surprised me because this was amazing. Not only was it not like any other game which only offers jumpscares and other dumb tactics, this actually has a lot of mechanics and diffrent story telling ways that I haven't seen in years from other games. Not only that, but some puzzles are very complex and take some brain power to do! (*cough cough totally didn't take 2 days just to figure out the piano part cough cough*) But if you are a lover of horror, heavy story investment, and getting what you want plus more out of your money, pick this up. With a con being really that the game is short compared to other games i've played with the same price or lower, this still is an AMAZING ride that I hope you all go on. 100% recommend you to attend your DETENTION!"
,Recommended,555220,31452899,Posted: 29 April,all,DasWunderKind,This is a game that really suprised me.The story is really the strong point with the sound so if you are looking for some great gimmicks or awesome gameplay this game is not for you.You play enterily with the the mouse nothing more nothing less.The puzzles are all quite simple except the piano puzzle wich is a music based one and I hate those ever since I first played Silent hill for the PSX.Other than that the game is quite short 4-6 hours tops and all achievements are easy to get since most are story based 2 ending based and just one about collecting all info you can.The game really leaves you out of sync with its stylich horror setting and the reveal also left me just sad and out of place.Great game defin't recommended especially if its on sale.Sadly no replay value and quite short but a fantastic dark story.8/10
76561198154029976,Recommended,555220,33172853,Posted: 3 July,all,The 9th,"Detention is a horror riddle sidescroller and what it does is dwelve into the atmosphere of horror games, as well as riddle games, pretty well. Some jumpscares here, some puzzles there.Ok.What will captivate you is the story, aside from the cutscenes which until you reach a certain point, will make no sense.It is well written and as the game goes on you'll find yourself sucked in its narrative and its environment.There's a little backtracking, but nothing that will get on your nerves.The only thing that I might consider as a negative is the length of the game compared to its price. The game overall is 3 hours or less and its price is a bit steep.Full price - Your call. On a sale - Sure! ----> If you're a fan of horror puzzle games.Overall it is very well done!9/10!"
76561198014341803,Recommended,555220,33439067,Posted: 10 July,all,Kinkiller,"Detention is a dark sociocritical side-scrolling horror adventure. It doesn't have lots of jumpscares and the puzzles partially might be too easy to be challenging but the story, storytelling and soundtrack create an obsolutely unique game experience.One point I discovered in a very well worded though negative rewiew (danke übrigens an small.earthling für ein sehr gutes rewiew!) was that the game by trying to feature the sociopolitical aspects just as the jumpscares ended up being a half-hearted result in both aspects. And to be honest, I totally agree with that opinion, but I must admit that I as a gaming addicted horror junkie would have never dealt with that subject if it hadn't been wrapped in a game like this. The game gave me an impression how it might be to grow up under a dictatorial regime between freedom and betrayal - it had an unexpected deepness and made me think about subjects I usually would have avoided.Great experience!Thumbs up!The full playthrough contains the both endings I experienced, I don't know if there are more.https://youtu.be/CcbzxH9cV-s"
,Recommended,555220,30967694,Posted: 5 April,all,Tiger Bazooka,"Boy is this good.  Visuals are disturbing, very very few ""jump scares.""  It's all psychological, reality-based horror painted on a surreal canvas.  Gameplay is ""meh;"" it's more of a visual novel.  Still, worth every penny at full-price.  Soundtrack is excellent.  This reminded me of a Taiwanese Silent Hill visual novel.  Go ahead and buy it, you will not regret it.Disclaimer: You'll regret it because the themes and messages of this story are really disturbing and sad.  You will end up thinking about them when you should be thinking of other things... Like driving... or chopping vegetables..."
,Recommended,555220,29390142,Posted: 20 January,all,Hawkeye,"A horror game with a well delivered and paced story. An instant top 10 in the horror point and click adventure genre.I would recommend you buy this and play it for yourself, you won't regret it."
76561198026257137,Recommended,555220,29480459,Posted: 25 January,all,ememinA,"A very thematic and emotional story set in a Silent Hill flavoured 1960's Taiwanese highschool. The spooks are subtle, favouring a slow process of seeding unease and aprehension into its players as opposed to attempting to evoke a cheap sense of terror. The atmosphere is thick and its Tawainese setting has immense pressence; this is definately a game that I feel succeeds at delivering the player into its game world. The developers had a LOT to say, and explore a lot of themes and emotions through its world and characters. I won't spoil anything, but many tears were shed as I reached the final credits screen.I'm very glad I got to play this. I definately reccomend this to anyone looking for a deep, dark and emotional story, or Silent Hill fans looking for something to fill the hole left behind by the Konami menace."
76561198024402642,Recommended,555220,32965448,Posted: 28 June,all,HMBRGRHLPR,"If you care any bit at all about storytelling in video games, Detention is a must play, must buy title.Too often do players cry out for “better story” in their games without detailing exactly what it is they want. Genres are one obvious way of signaling what can be expected of a game’s story, and nowadays psychological horror is a safe bet for players seeking a good narrative. The problem with the horror genre – in every form it takes, but particularly through games - is that storytelling can take a back seat to singular moments of cheap thrills, jump scares, and shocking content.Detention is a standout example of storytelling above shock value.  This isn’t to say that the games horror aspects aren’t an integral part of its experience; Detention is a horror game through and through, but does not rely on weak genre crutches to stand as a story. Every horrific moment is thoroughly earned. The entire game is a prime example of how using atmosphere, dramatic timing, and sound design can to do more than just draw out fear. There are jump scares. There are fake-outs. But what would be cliché in any other horror game is given meaning in ways that are just subtle enough to draw players further into the world of the main character Ray’s personal purgatory. The strength of Detention’s horror lies in the foundations of excellent storytelling; it’s cast and setting are so well realized that the game becomes something bigger than just another horror title.The entirety of Detention’s cast is fleshed out just enough to give every character purpose. There is weight to just about every presence in the game, even the ghostly. Whether it’s the complicated dissolution of Ray’s family or the teacher-student dynamics playing out under very oppressive circumstances, everything we learn about everyone feels necessary to the overall narrative. In this sense, the story is as lean as it is powerful. Detention is not a long game and can easily be completed in three to four hours’ time. There are two endings. Other horror games bloat themselves with complicated splitting paths that lead to good endings, bad endings, and everything in between. This approach requires effort from the player, which often feels more like work than play after encountering the same puzzles and enemies over and over again. Detention gives you two clear-cut endings, both of which are satisfying. They also just so happen to highlight the dichotomy in Detention’s presentation; one ending is very true to its horror foundations, while the other ‘true’ ending is a much more reflective, cerebral experience.  Playing up a game’s ‘smartness’ threatens to layer on pretense, but Detention deserves its intelligent reputation. The story is complex, but understandable if the player has the patience to remain involved – which is very easy for a game with such a refined horror atmosphere. Very few moments are on-the-nose, and never does it feel like it dumbs itself down for the player. The aforementioned ‘true’ ending provides a fair bit of clarification to certain events, but does so in a manner that doesn’t feel patronizing.If you are going to play this game, go into it giving it the respect it gives you. Divest time into understanding who the characters are, what they are going through, and where they live. The setting is integral to Detention’s narrative, and though - like many horror stories -  it is set in a school, it is far from cliché. It is, easily, the only video game set in a post-World War II Taiwanese high school. This is where the writing truly shines. Players can go into Detention without any knowledge of Taiwan’s history and the game will provide all the necessary details. It’s quite impressive how well Red Candle Games illustrates the socio-political climate of such a specific time and place. Like the characters, every room and every conversation is necessary to the plot. There are entire areas where the effects of pre-game history influence the setting in ways that only deepen the horror. War, crime, and punishment are all on the player’s periphery as they dip in and out of Ray’s realities. Each time something new is presented, there’s a succinct yet enriching bit of detail that draws forth new horror from sources games often don’t tap.How that horror is approached is dependent on Detention’s very limited control scheme. You can play the entire game with just a mouse - right click and left click is all you need. This simplicity could sound suspect given the complexity of previous survival horror games, but for the world of Detention, anything else would just be unnecessary. There is no combat. The speed at which Ray walks is contingent on what is happening on any given screen; sometimes she runs, sometimes her pace slows to a tip-toe, but it’s all for good reason. This is a masterfully subtle way of invoking the sort of eustress horror aficionados crave. Potential players who cast Detention off as a ‘walking-simulator’ are doing themselves an immense injustice. The barebones gameplay plays into sensations that aren’t immediately apparent, but are integral to telling a good horror story. This is exactly why Detention succeeds as a video game as opposed to a novel or a film. The story would work in any medium, but the limitations and tiny changes in how the player is allowed to move the narrative along is something only a video game can accomplish.Future developers need to look at Detention as a metric for how games tell stories – not just within the horror genre, but as a medium overall. This is what you want to make when you want video games to be taken seriously.  But this is also what happens when effort meets talent. This game is a special experience that leaves its player satisfied to the point of feeling respected.Detention is a straight-up gift for its price. Buy it, enjoy it, and give it the respect that it gives you as a player."
76561198058104074,Recommended,555220,31880810,Posted: 21 May,all,Natasshat,"Beautifully terrifying game that starts off scary, then really delves inside your mind with creepy imagery and the psychological problems it presents.ProsWell worth the priceConstructed story tellingVery messed up in a beautiful and creepy wayGorgeous art workFull of tensionReally gets the psychological horror genreTwo endings that delves into two perspectivesInteresting, logical puzzlesVariety of spirits/monsters with their own traitsMusic sets the atmosphere, be prepare to be constant;y on edge.ConsA bit too short (3-5 hours)Story can too complex and therefore confusing to someI've never hated and felt so sorry for a character at the same timeThe developers haven't made a new game at this point"
,Recommended,555220,29761785,Posted: 7 February,all,blummer102,"每一個台灣人應該玩這個遊戲. 每一個對台灣歷史感興趣的人應該玩這個遊戲. 每一個喜歡恐怖遊戲的人應該玩這個遊戲.I would like to write this whole review in Chinese, but my Chinese isn't very good anymore, so I'll switch to English. All I can say is that as a half-Taiwanese person, it warms my heart to see a made-in-Formosa game rise to the top of the Steam charts with overwhelmingly positive reviews. It also warms my heart to see that this is more than merely a well-made game - it is a game that delves into Taiwanese history and illuminates the White Terror period with a rawness that I have not seen before in any other form of entertainment.Detention (or 返校, since the Chinese name has slightly different connotations that only make sense after playing) has its frightening moments, but it's much more than just a ""survival horror"" experience. It is eerie, it is educational, it is sad, it is beautiful. And best of all, it is 100% Taiwanese. Play it."
,Recommended,555220,29277469,Posted: 15 January,all,[GAZArts],To say I was pleasantly surprised by this creation would be a massive understatement. I bought it purely on a whim after being fed up of seeing the steam store consistently saturated in mediocrity.If I had to try and sum this game up I would say its feels almost like Silent Hill & Project Zero (aka Fatal Frame) gave birth to an incredibly detailed point and click adventure.Within the first 5 minutes the game's atmosphere sucks you right in. The overall narrative is a really great well told story and I found myself just wanting to find out more about what had happened to the characters.The puzzles were great in that I felt challenged but never frustrated. The moment I was presented with a problem it didn’t take me long to realise which direction I needed to be heading.Bravo RedCandleGames! More of this please.
76561198360398287,Recommended,555220,31617549,Posted: 7 May,all,Nera,"So exotic I even read about historical period it was based on. (Taiwan, really? White terror? ok wiki)History+mythology is instant win.As a strict opponent of gore and horror I found it nevertheless very amusing.Good thriller with immersive atmosphere. I was so scared to play (already very unsettling at the part where you have to search a dead body for clues. And then holding your breath so that ghosts don't notice and attack you - that’s kind of too immersive and imaginative, no slasher is that realistic), I gave up and read plot synopsis instead. Noticed many visual keys/symbols, very easy to picture and remember, feels natural, like a real story.Captivating visual style, setting and music.As for gameplay I suppose it’s easy point-and-click (cannot say for sure since I’m still too scared to play)."
,Recommended,555220,29244505,Posted: 14 January,all,SpicySniper,"This was a phenomenal game, I highly recommend it for anyone who's willing to put in 4-5 hours for a great experience. The atmosphere you dive into is incredible, it goes a great job for immersiveness. The music is very well made, I'm actually installing the ost from the deluxe edition right now. I immediately wanted learn everything about the main charactereven though you don't start as her in the beginning, so it's easy to get invested in the protagonist. The puzzles were never too hard, the only thing that prolonged them was my own doubt and ignorance, although the second act puzzles may slightly make you feel like you're missing something all the time, but not everyone should have that problem like I did.The only thing that bugged me a little was the feeling of a genre change from the 1st and 2nd acts, to the 3rd and 4th ones; the first 2 are like a survival horror adventure, and the final 2 are more of a supernatural mystery adventure,I don't even believe you can die during the 3rd and 4th acts, because there are no enemies present like in the 1st and 2nd ones.Definitely around 8.5/10 or so."
,Recommended,555220,29211210,Posted: 12 January,all,JoJaMing,"A very good game regardless of the characters or the background of the game rendering has a fascinating feeling.The game has a sense of a strong sense of Chinese culture in it, I am looking forward for an online mode of this game, I get cold sweats of how scary it is..."
76561197991873709,Recommended,555220,29321424,Posted: 17 January,all,Psychoism,"After an hour of game play..I'm not much of a point-and-click fan, but the first hour of the game totally drew me in.The details, sound effects, graphics are really well made, making the game feel very eerie and tense, exactly what a horror game should be.Combined with lots of Taiwanese culture, history and past politics, this game is truely a gem for Taiwanese video games.Not to mention the story, what I can tell from the 1st hour of game play, is a really nice mind f**k. Yes, I like my mind to be f**ked.If this game was made in 3D with decent graphics and live voice talents, I would ♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥and s**t my pants."
76561198008186680,Recommended,555220,29280265,Posted: 15 January,all,HeyApple,If you liked the Cat Lady you will absolutely love this game.It's a Masterpiece Hidden Gem call It what you like It's that good.
76561197999429038,Recommended,555220,29624261,Posted: 1 February,all,Shige,"Wow, all my expectations were blown out of the water with this game, I expected something to just kinda spook me out at night but I got a really interesting story along with the spooks.Positives:+ Interesting art style, I feel like it falls somewhere in between paper cutouts / collage / traditional digital art.+ Really good story, whether it is through exposition via notes or just straight up conversations with ethereal beings from your past the story is really well done and genuinely interesting. Kept me so invested I powered through the game in one sitting because I wanted to know the conclusion so badly.+ Awesome time period, I seriously had no clue what to expect going in but it really fit the tone / mood of the game.+ Interesting environments, especially towards the end of the game. Once you start to get worn out on one area another one opens up for you, definitely helps keep the game fresh.+ Creepy and tense, no jumpscares, just atmosphere and the occasional monster.+ Pretty cool monster designs, there is only a handful but they’re all unique and visually pleasing to me (I like monsters, what can I say).Mixed:~ The puzzles are mostly easy with some semi-difficult ones later on, I wish there was a little more challenge but it's not the worst.Negatives:- Monsters feel inconsequential because they’re so few and far between, they don’t really pose a threat unless you purposefully try to die. Because of this, when there actually are monsters guarding a hallway indefinitely it makes backtracking through it a serious pain because there is no tension only frustration because you have you walk 70% slower to avoid them.- Some sections overstayed their welcome just a little bit because of the mechanics they used, there is one mechanic involving a radio (trying to be as spoiler free as possible, you’ll know it when you get to it) that starts as a really cool idea but after doing it several times it loses its charm and just acts as a road block in between puzzles.- Certain rooms have a slowdown effect in them, while in some cases they are useful for showing a story moment other times they literally serve no purpose. Very minor complaint but it just bugged me a bit while playing the game.Seriously, check this one out."
,Recommended,555220,29349043,Posted: 18 January,all,YingTze,"This is a great game.Enjoyed the gameplay and store immensely .If you like scary stuff , a must play !"
,Recommended,555220,29628223,Posted: 1 February,all,MrCweeper,"背景：1949年台湾颁布《戒严令》，当局严厉打击所谓的政治、叛乱罪等。许多人因为一些原本空无的罪名，就惹来杀身之祸。例如曾有人收藏马克吐温的书，因为和马克思音近，就被判为政治犯。这种统治和大陆的文革是有些相似的。当时的台湾就笼罩在这样的白色恐怖下。游戏梗概：游戏讲了在台湾白色恐怖时期，一名少女因家庭、情感等原因最终失去理性，将很多人推进了政府的迫害之中，最终含愧自尽的故事。剧情精析（剧透内容，建议完成游戏后阅读）：方芮欣的罪孽是固然的，但是她为什么要举报？这其中的原因是复杂的。方芮欣的父亲出轨，导致她的家庭不合，父母总是吵架。她的学业受到影响，于是学校派了专门的辅导老师张明辉。方芮欣与张明辉日久生情，但是当时的社会不可能容许这样的感情。殷翠涵老师是进步组织读书会的创建者，而且张明辉老师也是成员之一，因为这样敏感的身份，殷翠涵警告张明辉远离方芮欣。两人的谈话被方芮欣听到。她误以为两人之间有感情，张明辉因为殷翠涵才离开自己的，于是她产生了报复心理。她设计从魏忠廷那里弄到读书会书单作为证据，向白教官举报殷翠涵，导致张明辉、魏忠廷等都受到了牵连。方芮欣在身边人摒弃的态度中感到绝望，最终决定从楼顶一跃而下，返校这天，她的魂魄又来化解自己生前的罪恶。传说自杀之人，死后必须一直重复自杀动作，直到罪业消失，第四章的残影可以证明这一观点。游戏评价：+细致的剧情+精美的画质+完美的细节+优秀的音乐+清晰的线索- 较短的流程- 偏难的谜题- 较少的怪物- 低端的恐怖- 糟糕的空间总评：作为一款剧情解密，还是比较优秀的。评分：7/10English TranslationBackground:The Martial law was declared in 1949 in Taiwan , the goverment beat against the so-called""Political Prisoner"" Many criticizes got the capital offence because of their unknown ""accusation"". For example , someone had a book written by Mark Twain , he was sentenced to the capital offence because the ""Marx"" has the similar pronunciation . This is similar to the Cultural Revolution in China . Taiwan was just in this situation .Game Gist:Detention tells a story about a girl whosuicided with shame after she pushed many people into the persecute of the goverment because of some excuses of her family and emotion .Detailed Analysis (Suggest reading after finishing the game):There is no doubt that Fang was wrong , but why did she reported them to the goverment ? The reasons are complex . Her father was off the rail , so her parents always quarrel . Her schoolwork was effected , so teacher Zhang went to help with it . Zhang and Fang fell in love , but this kind of love wouldn't be accepted that time . Teacher Yin was a founder of the sensitive organization which read active books and teacher Zhang was a member . Yin warned Zhang to get separated from Fang because his sensitive identity . Fang thought Zhang left her because of Yin after she heard their words , so Fang wanted to make reprisals . She came up with an idea of getting the book list from Wei and handed it into Cop Bai . Zhang and Wei were also sentenced because of that . Fang felt hopelessness in the despise of the others , she chose to jump down . The day of detection , her soul appeared and tried to fresh her evil . It's said that suicided people must repeat the action until his evil is fresh , the shadows in the Capital Four will prove it .Game Estimation:+Good story+Pretty screen+Detailed details+Wonderful music+Bright tracks-Difficult puzzles-Bad horror-Short game-Few monsters-Terrible 3D space senseGeneral: Good story game.Mark: 7/10"
,Recommended,555220,33244846,Posted: 4 July,all,username not found,"Where to begin? Detention is a point-and-click game with a great story, beautiful sound track, cool art style. I didn't find it extremely scary, but a creepy atmosphere remains throughout the entire game. It went in a completely different direction than I thought it would.There are some cons; puzzles aren't particularly hard, and the spirits (though cool in design) are pretty easy to deal with after you crap yourself for the first time. But that's still being nitpicky.If you like horror games with a great story, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,555220,33405020,Posted: 9 July,all,DINNYFORST,"Detention is side-scrolling horror game developed by Taiwanese team named Red Candle Games.The world set in 1960 Taiwan under martial law and conflict between capitalist and communist factions. You mainly take control both students, Wei and Ray, to discover the dark mysteries behind Greenwood High School. The gameplay involves point and click puzzles and some survival elements which you will be given by hints from notes you collect.What make Detention shines itself, it’s about connection between gameplay and story. Most threats are based on Taiwanese urban legend and reflect through the world not like pop up from nowhere. Moreover, the puzzles are well-executed. Some require logical thinking or certain items, but it's not too difficult. Yet, the puzzles also become a part of storytelling which gives strong feeling of progression. All collectables are worthy as it reveals more story piece by piece.The art style is unique and detailed with combination between paper play and animated hand drawings. Great ambient sound effects give very uncomfortable feelings in every area you enter.From my playthrough, the pacing consists of three phase. Start with world exploration and survival element, then focus on puzzles and the last act is mainly narrative to the conclusion. The change of pacing intrigues my interest and further progression as the game doesn't put the same element over and over which is good design.At the end, Detention was short, but very ....very satisfied experience."
76561198398958965,Recommended,555220,33665298,Posted: 19 July,all,Ex_shadow491,More games like this game please!
,Recommended,555220,35038441,Posted: 17 September,all,[m00] insane_eon,"I am not sure I'd call this a normal horror game as such. It's more a video-game-horror wrapping around the story you uncover during the game, which is less 'video game creepy times' and more actual, plausible horror. A creeping dread that develops as you discover exactly what transpired, what is happening and why."
76561198033064544,Recommended,555220,34226904,Posted: 13 August,all,Meilo,"The game starts out strong with a creepy atmosphere.I played the game for 20 minutes and then I had to take a ""I'm too scared to play anymore""-break. I started again later that day cause I was telling a friend about the game and he was curious and wanted to see it for himself.The game's story is intriguing and the monsters are very creepy. I loved the way they introduced the monsters with a note about it being an ancient kind of monster and how to deal with it. It is a bit disappointing the lack of monsters in the second half of the game. This is when the story starts answering all the questions you are left with throughout the game. It does this very well but it also takes out the on edge feeling of knowing a monster could be right around the corner.I loved the game and I would recommend it for people who like the storyrich games with a creepy tone to it."
,Recommended,555220,35169718,Posted: 23 September,all,Garven,"A haunting story to play through. If you have a few hours to spare, play through this. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,555220,29324562,Posted: 17 January,all,invizi,"I'll admit that I played this game before I decided to buy it, but it seems worth supporting especially because Taiwan is relatively new to the industry and I'd like to see more from them. It's a fairly good game, the style reminds me of the Japanese horror genre, but without the heavier graphics. I think minimal works better for this sort of game. The politics are especially interesting, it's not often this sort of thing has a video game made about it. Overall it's a very Taiwanese game, both politically and culturally."
,Recommended,555220,29411197,Posted: 21 January,all,GameLiont,"This four hour game takes place in 1960s Taiwan under marshal law. People's vigilance to spot a possible traitor has turned into a witch hunt. Anyone who doesn't agree with the government is taken away. Freedom of individual thinking doesn't exist.To make the atmosphere more oppressive the game has dark aesthetic which is supported by the subtle sound world. This world isn't black and white but colors are scarce. The aesthetic create a pressuring feeling that urges the player forward. Even if they don't always know where they are going.First the game appears to be a survival horror game but it soon turns into an atmospheric adventure. The story starts at a high school where two students are trapped during a storm. I thought I'm supposed to help the kids survive the storm in a haunted high school but soon the story took a quick turn into something else. Most of the time I wasn't sure what my goal in the story is but it all came together in the end. And it did that magnificently.The game is pretty much flawless. The only things that time to time bothered me was the text (the game doesn't have voice acting). Sometimes there were typos or flaws in translation that made some of the sentences to make no sense. Most of the times the text waits the player's input to disappear, but sometimes the text rolls automatically. And way too fast. I gave up for the auto-rolling text. I didn't find a point to read two first words of a three-sentence block of text before it disappeared. I don't think I missed anything with this.This game was a weird and intriguing adventure in an atmospheric world. A must-play."
76561198030717099,Recommended,555220,30678479,Posted: 22 March,all,lyre,"Somewhat short (~3hrs) and very similar in many aspects to Cat Lady, while almost completely lacking voice acting, this game have spectacular 2D art and cinematics, amazing soundtrack, Silent Hill - like aestetics, powerful writing and deeply catching story. Controls are better in Cat Lady and creatures-avoiding sequences could be more polished, but that's not the main part of this game.The thing is, I definitely won't forget this grim and wounded experience for a long time. Game brushes through various heavy themes and look deep inside of them. I did almost cried on realisation of whole scope of events of the game and their connection to each other.Talking about similarity to Cat Lady, Detention has much less gore & guts horror and more concentrated on Silent Hill horror style. I like this approach more.Also, there are two endings, and you should see them both, it's about + 15 to 20 minutes."
,Recommended,555220,29300366,Posted: 16 January,all,Zed Clampet,"Fantastic game. Had sort of a Cat Lady feel to it, but with a surreal air.Good puzzles that don't need walk-throughs. No jumpscares, but plenty unnerving with the entities that you have to get by.Interesting story to go with the great atmosphere.Definitely my favorite point and click in awhile."
76561198358239839,Recommended,555220,29318997,Posted: 17 January,all,bellicife,"Detention is an amazing atmospheric game with really good storytelling and wonderful graphics + music.I went in expecting it to be full-on horror but the actual plot is so unexpected?? Really enjoyed the cultural elements!! Offering food to the ghosts, burning paper money, the concept of 地缚灵 etc. Laughed so much when it came to the 城隍爷+筊杯 part ‘cos it’s all so familiar!!The puzzles are all pretty easy to solve, and I like the method of getting the true end (which made me cry). Played it in Chinese but the English translation is actually pretty good!ANYWAYS THIS GAME IS SO GOOD AND I’M GLAD I BOUGHT IT. It's really worth the money, and I look forward to future games from Red Candle."
76561198216273640,Recommended,555220,29303121,Posted: 16 January,all,AltairDeSanta,I've only played this for half an hour and it already terrifies me. The artstyle is gorgeous and the atmosphere is super creepy. The first encounter with the lingering got my heart going fast and the first jumpscare made me jump out of my seat. Definitely worth the 12 dollars.
76561198199960995,Recommended,555220,29304188,Posted: 16 January,all,crowghostie,"This game shot up to the top of my favorites list. The atmosphere is amazingly crafted with skilled used of sounds, music, and visual details (I love the aesthetic of those notes). The stealth and timing-based gameplay is really fun and at times challenging. I love the story and the protagonist as well. The setting and focus are so original--I wish more games engaged with mythology and politics like this.It's one flaw is that it's rather short--I finished in under 4 hours, which is unusual as I'm a very slow, methodical gamer and I was being careful to get all the notes and observation points. Other people could probably finish it much faster."
,Recommended,555220,29297315,Posted: 16 January,all,Dahyun,"Amazing game. The puzzles are very simple and enemies easy to deal with, but I don't think that was the focus of the game. Very immersive in how it ran. The visuals and atmosphere created were perfect. The exact type that I love, and really makes an entry in the genre interesting and creepy. The music was never distracting or out of place and always boosted the overall mood. And the story was awesome too. Very interesting, and complex. I need to do another play through because I missed a few things and I have a couple unanswered questions. If you are looking for a gameplay heavy, challenging puzzle game, I don't think this is for you. If you are looking for a near masterpiece, atmospheric horror game, definetly pick this one up. Loved it."
76561197994657232,Recommended,555220,29304063,Posted: 16 January,all,Vengeaner,Game that gives you chills with meaningfull story behind
,Recommended,555220,29310909,Posted: 16 January,all,DigitalDivision,"When I played this psychological horror game, I am surprised how this game has the most creepy sounds and some scary things, I like the characters since they're interesting to me, the art style is well-made, and the soundtracks and musics are perfect and fantastic, the best of indie games 2017"
,Recommended,555220,29319163,Posted: 17 January,all,Justin The Horse,"It's an outstanding horror platformer, made by teh Taiwanese (#TaiwanNumberOne). Played the beta version last November and I was stoked to see how the game change with puzzles and story. The only downside I must say is that the jumpscares were all at the front and not a lot at the end. You should spread your ""scares"" to make the game even more scarier and atmospheric. Nonetheless, great game, definitely should try out if you're interested in some Buddhist/Taiwanese folklore and beliefs.8.5/10"
76561198051263237,Recommended,555220,29321322,Posted: 17 January,all,lcamel,This historical game will be a part of Taiwan history.
76561198355632601,Recommended,555220,29320586,Posted: 17 January,all,wonggaleung,"Well I think this game brings me a heartbreaking story, and a deep dark secret in some way. Some supernatural elements of East Asia are eye-opening. The histroy part of this game can be easily understood by mainland Chinese and Taiwanese. Anyway is worth to try this game."
,Recommended,555220,29302786,Posted: 16 January,all,歐妮,"In 1960s, Taiwan is under the control of White Terror. A high school girl is trapped in school with a boy due to the sudden attack of a typhoon; after a short discussion, the boy decides to call for help and leaves the girl alone in the classroom. Waking up in the school stadium, she is terrified to find out that her new friend has become a corpse hung on the ceiling; meanwhile, the school has also been surrounded by ghosts which are hungry for lost souls. Can she escape from this nightmare? What secrets will she reveal on her path?The game is full of old Taiwanese elements, such as political background, high school system and scene, traditional ritual, and classic folks. It is not exactly a ""scary game"" coz', compared with other games like Outlast, you won't find ""too many"" scary scenes in this game, yet the atmosphere is strong and the story is attractive. Following the steps of the leading role, you will understand every character's motivation and comprehend the action he/she took, which allows the players to build their empthy with chracters. The difficulty of riddles in this game is quite low, and it doesn't require high control ability to play through. If you are a player who enjoys click-on games and doesn't want to spend too much time on playing, this game is a perfect choice for you.畫面/Scene：★★★流暢/Fluency：★★★★難度/Difficulty：★★完整/Story：★★★★★綜合/Total：★★★★五零年代，方芮欣與學弟魏仲庭被困在暴風雨夜的高中校園裡；為了對外求援，魏仲庭表示要前往校長室借用電話，卻一去不返。當方芮欣從昏睡中醒來，卻發現殘酷的事實─魏仲庭死了，成為一具倒吊在禮堂天花板的冰冷屍體。窗外的暴風雨依舊肆虐，伴隨著狂亂風聲的竟是魑魅魍魎陣陣來襲；陷入孤身奮戰的方芮欣，卻不知道自己將踏上一場百感交集的返校之旅....這是一款有著濃濃台灣風情的『驚悚遊戲』 。之所以不歸類在恐怖遊戲，是因為說實話其實它沒有「非常」恐怖，遊戲中的鬼怪攻擊方式十分一致而簡單，也沒有太多刻意跳出來嚇人的場面(我說沒有""太多""...) 若您是單純追求嚇到滲尿的恐懼感，可能會有些失落，但這絕不影響遊戲本身的豐富性與完整性。故事場景從平凡普通的校園，突然搖身一變成為暴風雨夜的巨大牢籠；藉由各場面的不斷切換，我們也隨著方芮欣深入故事核心，最終在了解事情全貌後忍不住隨之嘆息；強權時代之下，又有誰能知道明天將會如何...?操縱方式為簡單的點擊式，全程僅需使用滑鼠；畫面忠實呈現了舊校園的樣貌，音樂也是台灣人耳熟能詳的民謠，聽著格外親切。謎題不難，也沒有千里迢迢才能取得道具的拖台錢情形，對於想單純享受遊戲內容的玩家是一大福音；故事情節交代完整，有兩種不同結局，只要能順利玩出真結局就能完全了解故事的來龍去脈，也能充分理解每個角色的動機與思維，因此產生共鳴進而認同該角色的處境與糾結。整體而言是表現十分優異的一款遊戲，推薦給喜歡點擊式解謎遊戲，又不想花太長時間破關的玩家。"
,Recommended,555220,29323843,Posted: 17 January,all,SynLyfe,"Fantastic game. Story becomes more and more enthralling as the game progresses. Eerie ambiance and psychological horror vibes throughout, with a unique artstyle and stellar soundtrack to top it all off. Solid addition to my game library."
,Recommended,555220,29529524,Posted: 27 January,all,Dead Boy Detective,"Utterly amazing story and gameplay elements. Takes the tradtional point-and-click genre to a new level. Puzzles are interesting. Good balance of jump scares and creeping, tense horror. Could not recommend this more.It's also fairly short. I beat two endings in 4 hours, and I'm sure it'll take me an hour or less to finish all the achievements."
,Recommended,555220,29384028,Posted: 20 January,all,zaremoncheese,"It's very good and original so far (im only on chapter 2) but literally every object, sound and feature of the game is presented in a way that makes it scary and it makes you not want to play the game because you just feel really uneasy while playing so good job taiwanese lads"
76561198189336947,Recommended,555220,29938325,Posted: 15 February,all,White Guardian,"I have played a huge number of games since I was a kid, but I have to say Detention is unlike anything I have played before.Since Detention is more about story-telling then typical gamming, I think I shouldn't reveal much of the details here. All I would like to point out is if you are into the eastern cultural things (more specifically, about Taiwanese traditions), you definitely should give it a try.To me, the best part of this game is the new experience it gave me. The only one thing I'm disappointed with is its short play time."
,Recommended,555220,30507648,Posted: 14 March,all,王睿麟,"I strongly recommend this game to you!This is the best and I mean best indie horror games I have ever played. I'm not going to say much about this game itself as i wish you to explorer by yourself. It is very much worth your time. What starts off as a horror adventure turns into somethingmore with a very good story with a twist I didn't see coming. Well-structured storyline and beautiful background music leaves me with endless afterthoughts. Sad and dreary.God I pray the developer makes another title similar to this...This for me is a pure example of why indie horror titles are far surpassing all the junk AAA horror titles on the market at the moment. We don't want RE with COD elements, we just want a decent good old fashioned story.Thank you developers. Very impressed."
,Recommended,555220,29805802,Posted: 9 February,all,and i can't feel !!!!,"It is am amazing game, I can't describe it with any words. There is no way to even summarize it. It is just a work of art."
76561197980310707,Recommended,555220,30186370,Posted: 25 February,all,Locke,"Detention is something special.I don't say that lightly. I grew up with horror games, and spooky games, and games that had a dark atmosphere. Detention is an example of what can be created when someone knows what they are doing, and is ambitious enough to wrap an emotionally engaging story.Lets start with the gameplay: It's really, really simple. Controls are limited to the mouse, no keyboard required. You move on a 2d plain for the most part aside from doors. You collect things related to puzzles. Don't let this fool you though into thinking the game is bland or boring.The real grab to the game is its story. Its subtle and quiet at first, setting down all its peices without you even really being aware of it. The end result is as you come towards the end of the game it feels like the climax is rushing towards you, pulling you to see the end. Boy howdy. What an ending. The game does have two endings, and both of them give you a deeper picture into the events that have taken place, rather than choosing from 3 different colours. (LOOKING AT YOU MASS EFFECT!)I can't give my recommondation to this game enough. Play it. It's worth your time.For clarity some pros and cons:ProsEngaging art styleDeep, well crafted story steeped in Taiwanese cultureSimple controlsConsMostly linearGameplay is very simpleLittle replay valueSo there you go. My jumble of words about Detention. I did run this game on my channel if you'd like to get an impression of what the game looks and feels like before you leap.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65jovXViZww&index=1&list=PL9ODCBpipGDpa5ZMjO1mxD5XXqlcsUrwI"
,Recommended,555220,33245972,Posted: 4 July,all,Someone,Game has great atomosphere and music. Very good. Worth the money.
,Recommended,555220,29894594,Posted: 13 February,all,AphoticPassion,Worth your time. Was pretty intresting.
,Recommended,555220,29366871,Posted: 19 January,all,A D E G G,"Picked this up on a whim and don't regret it. Between the stunning visuals, solid story line and haunting soundtrack; this game's worth the tenner i spent.5/7 would reccomend, totally cried at the ending."
,Recommended,555220,33601463,Posted: 16 July,all,Frankeindew,Maybe this will be the only game I don't make funny comments. This game relates to the history of where I live. Having a really hard feeling when playing this game.
,Recommended,555220,34115366,Posted: 8 August,all,Hupsel,"Cool 2D adventure game. Short, with puzzles that are not that hard. Later on it kinda becomes a walking simulator. Great visuals too."
,Recommended,555220,30460325,Posted: 11 March,all,Kirmu,"A surreal horror masterpiece, greeted by occasional scares and dreamy abstract environments."
,Recommended,555220,30987386,Posted: 6 April,all,Duckblade,"Super fun riddles et creeps, AWESOME story!A quality game from a small studio!"
76561198033128274,Recommended,555220,30292713,Posted: 3 March,all,fano,"It's a great game, carefully crafted and filled with emotions. I can feel it from the art, the music and the story too, thanks for making it!"
76561198084994014,Recommended,555220,29297786,Posted: 16 January,all,tzenyachin11,A great small game! Also introduce the dark real history happened in Taiwan.
,Recommended,555220,35073707,Posted: 19 September,all,Enoona,"8/10 ""Recommened for Silent Hill and Residentevil fans""In Short: An intelligent, thought-provoking, and extremely creepy adventure, that proves that survival horror can be more than just shooting zombies.Pros: The setting is interestingly unique and the script impressively well-written (if imperfectly translated). The puzzle-solving and supernatural elements are both handled well.Cons: Only three hours long, and yet the final third strips away most of the gameplay to focus purely on the story."
76561198074542018,Recommended,555220,29861624,Posted: 11 February,all,SmashTheBandicoot,"If you are a fan of Silent Hill than I will cut to the chase and say that you should play this game. It's also a rare type of game being a point-and-click horror game.However let's go over positives and negatives (there are not many, but there are couple)Positives-I will get this one out of the way, if you're someone who cannot tolerate jump scares, I will calm your fears by saying that there are no loud obnoxious jump scares. Do not mis-interpret me though, there are actual moments of creepy imagery popping up very quickly and it can be startling (made me jump a couple of times), but there's no loud noise, so I congratulate Detention for managing to make a game devoid of the traditional jumpscare.-One of the creepiest, depressing and isolating environments I have come across in a horror game. This game had me on my toes and nervous as I progressed the dark and empty school halls (kind of like real school)-A very well-crafted and driven narrative and story that has the deep dark revelation of the main character (very similar to Silent Hill).-Amazing art direction, I love the mixture of a unique art style with some simplistic 3D models and animation to add depth to the environment-The enemies are actually creepy looking and did get a couple of jumps out of me when I had noticed them.-Some creative and unique puzzles (especially the radio puzzle, that was a doozy)Negatives-This game's story is rather short (took me roughly 4 hours)-While this game is creative with some puzzles for the most part they are rather simple (especially for a point-and-click game) there were only a couple of puzzles or sections that actually stumped me and even then it did not take long to find a solution.-While I love the enemy design, some of the fear is taken away (with the lingering spirits in particular) when you know how to get past them. Once you have passed a lingering spirit you can literally just run full speed and even if they notice you you'll be able to get away. Now with that said the Lantern Spectres I did find more scary just because of the more specific means to avoid them and the higher chance of screwing up and dying I wish the lingering spirits were not as easy .While this game does have its flaws, honestly this was arguably one of best horror experiences I have come across and hope that Red Candle will hopefully make a Detention 2 at some point in the future. Like I said if you like Silent Hill I urge you give this a shot."
,Recommended,555220,33999687,Posted: 3 August,all,Ian,"If you are looking for a horror game only to get you scared, this might not be for you. Detention is a point and click game that focus on a dark story, not really on trying to make you jumpscare or something like that. I love how the story is told, it gives you just enough information on hostorical background for you to understand what's happening.The atmosphere created by the sounds, the music and the art is really amazing.I loved the use of colors. Most of the scenes are really unsaturated if not black and white, but it creates nice contrast by using color when needed. I specially loved the partwhen you go to the movie theater and find yourself in the first colorful scene in the game.The other thing about the art I think is really well executed is movement. Things likethe sceneario dripping like it is melting, the clouds moving really fast or using suggesting things like wounds being cut in the backgroundare only some of the things that gives even more meaning to what the story conveys."
76561198079638037,Recommended,555220,29432598,Posted: 22 January,all,maralie,"Totally engrossing and well worth your time. Detention is elegantly designed and executed with a lot of restraint - they hold back on color, on sound, and on traditional ""horror"" elements, so that when they do drop one of those things into the mix, they make them count. There are quite a few truly unsettling moments, but most of them are toward the beginning of the game; by the second half, the bulk of the exploration and puzzle-solving is done, and you're focused more on carrying out a slow and melancholy march toward the inevitable. The story is very poignant, and the atmosphere is definitely creepy, but it doesn't instil fear so much as just this pervading sense of dread. Beautiful art, too; there's so much monochromatic eeriness that the occasional big pop of color will blow you away. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,555220,29435648,Posted: 22 January,all,Skubnar,"Wow. Just finished this and the story is just amazing. Fairly short but feels like the perfect length, like a book you can't put down. I found the puzzles fairly straightforward in a good way. Nothing too complicated that frustrates you and takes you out of it, but still enough to make you think. Highly recommend this one."
76561198021352511,Recommended,555220,33171478,Posted: 3 July,all,MAU,"I've played some disturbing games before but no game has sent chills down my spine as much as this game. The sound effects and music alone leave me uneasy, not to mention the creepy setting. If you have a weak stomach (you have to do some pretty disturbing things) avoid this game. But with that said this is probably one of the best horror games I've played, although it is relatively short at around 4 hours. The first half of the game is mostly dominated by jump scares, the second half of the game is where this title truly shines with psychological thriller gameplay and captivating story telling. The game is riddled with puzzles that can become tedious but is needed. All in all I'd give this game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,555220,29267419,Posted: 15 January,all,Trent,"This game was the second horror game I recently played and I really enjoyed the atmosphere. I went in with no clue about the plot and was decently suprised.Also, while it's a point-and-click, it does have some challenges that are fun to solve and ""enemies"" that need some careful reading of clues to know how to deal with.I like how eccentric the atmosphere is and really enjoyed the artwork as well. Bravo!"
76561198014909268,Recommended,555220,29279584,Posted: 15 January,all,Omega,"A really good atmospheric horror game based on a real life event. Slow at the beginning but kind of easy to piece things out  in the end, a bit short but worth the great art and dedication. Recommended if you enjoyed games like The Cat Lady where the story and characters are important."
76561198003432995,Recommended,555220,29311993,Posted: 16 January,all,XCLiszt,"The game's environment reminded a lot of Silent Hill 2 meeting Fatal Frame. It is short, but the story was worth it.The soundtract wasn't too much and gave the feel of how a horror game should feel. I haven't played a horror game like this in a very long time, so I did enjoy it a lot."
76561198127075476,Recommended,555220,32874581,Posted: 27 June,all,Hello Kitty,"Simple game with the protagonist looking more like a ghost than the ghost itself. Must try, Plus if you can read mandarin."
,Recommended,555220,31805199,Posted: 17 May,all,jazzyokiwari,"The game got me hooked from the start and haunt me for days afterwards.I never have much patience for puzzle or adventure games, not a horror fan either, but the art, music and atmosphere gripped me from the start. Being an asian I can relate to much of the game, I like the authenticity of the character and stories, and how the game brought out many of the creepy stuff I used to fear in my childhood but now forgotten.Easily one of the most memorable gaming experience I had for a while. A terribly sad game. Five star."
76561198292901804,Recommended,555220,29291045,Posted: 15 January,all,fanniboo,"As a Taiwanese gamer I was impressed by the amount of cultural nods. They didn't feel forced upon the gamer but were there to be appreciated. The story was intriguing and made me want to learn about the story. The puzzles were fun, creative and not too frustrating. The art was beautiful and unsettling which created a suitable spooky mood. I would definitely recommend this game"
,Recommended,555220,29649741,Posted: 2 February,all,icyhacker,"Through the game you will know exactly what happened in Taiwan.  A history that our former ruling party KMT tried to get away with and conceal. With just few sentences stating the ""White Horror"" in our text book, this long period of time is ignored in our education and tactifully hidden from our children, which is so wrong.  Until nowadays, many people in Taiwan still living in their Utopia and pretend that all of these are rumors.These inhumane facts  are going to fade out if nobody cares anymore.   Our freedom is built on bloods and flesh but unfortunately many people in Taiwan forgot all the hard works and efforts, only lured by money and started to chant the cross-strait country, which has no freedom at all. How rediculous and pethetic. People will never know the value of freedom until one day they lose it. (and of course for those who have never owned it couldn't realize the value too)Thanks Detention, alerting us to discover more hidden stories in such tragic era and never forget the truths."
76561198336977531,Recommended,555220,29798290,Posted: 9 February,all,Will_stormrage,Creepy but good story
,Recommended,555220,32971304,Posted: 28 June,all,glue eater,really love the atmosphere and music.
,Recommended,555220,35046656,Posted: 18 September,all,gbraad,"To enable English, you need to modify: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Detention\Detention_Data\8_Translations\config.json"
76561198337731021,Recommended,555220,30371291,Posted: 7 March,all,sushibeans609,"This is one of the best and I mean best indie horror games I have ever played.Im not going to say much about it as imo the less you know going in the better but it is very much worth your time. What starts off as a horror adventure turns into something a little more with a very good story with a twist I didnt see coming.Very well written and very well animated. Gorgeous and crisp environments and just a real joy to play.God I pray the developer makes another title similar to this...This for me is a pure example of why indie horror titles are far surpassing all the junk AAA horror titles on the market at the moment. We dont want RE with COD elements, we just want a decent good old fashioned story.Well done lads, very impressed indeed. Best money Ive spent on a horror game on steam yet."
76561198076031825,Recommended,555220,33056994,Posted: 30 June,all,spacemuncher,"Buy. This. Game.Puzzles 8/10- Satisfying but pretty easy. Except for the piano. ♥♥♥♥ the piano.Story- 10/10- Do not watch lets plays for the game, this is an experience you want to go in blind.Gameplay- 9/10- Point and Click, you know the deal. Sometimes the character walks really slow in certain rooms (minor annoyance, not too bad)Overall experience- 10/10- I loved every moment of it and totally worth the money."
76561198269626241,Recommended,555220,29224255,Posted: 13 January,all,terramx77,"Great game, thank you! Very enjoyable and refreshing."
76561198031282978,Recommended,555220,29390497,Posted: 20 January,all,ozrainmaker,great story line. The game is on the short end ~3 -4 hrs of play time.  The story the communist witch hunt in the 1960s interwoven with love and betrayal. 8/10 would recommend
,Recommended,555220,30020230,Posted: 18 February,all,Blueberry Fishkowska,WOW!
,Recommended,555220,29369575,Posted: 19 January,all,Kiwimaster,"I will recommend this game even to people who are not very into horror games.Great storyline, great art, great music. Not too time-demanding.The puzzle themselves can be simple, but might be challenging to some.As someone who enjoys learning new stuff, the accuracy of portrayal of Taiwanese culture is impressive, not to mention the rich references of local history of that perioud. It fits perfectly well with the theme.It brings a piece of history back to life. And makes you appreciate freedom a lot more if not already.Some would say the first two chapters and the last two chapters are two different games.If you think this, you might be missing the whole picture.The first two chapters does indeed have a more intense texture to it, while the last two are relatively modest.But the horror is still there.Understanding of the time period and historical reference will make a big difference.Set during the White Terror period, the story is set at a time when people can easily get sentenced, disappeared, or killed for a misspoken word. Or for reading sensitive material not deemed acceptable by the state. Or by false accusations.For a small action by one, numerous others may be condemned.In such a time, horror lies within reality itself.And it lies within jealously, naiveness, and our weakness as humans.The storyline had portrayed all this splendidly.Many of the words written in the game are thought provoking, and the aftertaste lingers long after completing the game.All in all, the game is a gem.May us learn from history, to never repeat mistakes of the past."
,Recommended,555220,29628097,Posted: 1 February,all,Cyclic Reference,"Don't let the playtime fool you, I accidentally played through almost 3 hours on another account.What an amazing game. There's nothing that can be said here that hasn't been said before, but if you're looking for a really engaging meaningful story with (lighter?) horror elements then I would wholeheartedly recommend this to you. I am  looking forward to what Red Candle produces next."
76561198012023582,Recommended,555220,29730363,Posted: 5 February,all,lewrker,"This is not a survival horror game. Very very grim point-and-click adventure. Art, gameplay, music, all brilliant."
76561198153119853,Recommended,555220,29327508,Posted: 17 January,all,heretic,One of the best written horror games I've played in a long time. Really looking forward to what the devs put out in the future!
76561198007565799,Recommended,555220,29555945,Posted: 28 January,all,tmunee,"There is only one negative thing I can say about this game. For me the ending is glitched and no matter what pattern of choices I made I ALWAYS got the same ending (even after watching alternate endings and seeing how they were achieved I ALWAYS go the same ending.That said, I don't really care about that. This game is one of the best games I have EVER played. If you have 3-4 hours sit down and play this game all the way through, it will not disppaoint. Visually stuning, engrossing story, original content, immersive world, and does something very few games can-- involves you emotionally with the characters. I am honestly amazed by this game and cannot wait for more like it from this studio."
76561198014674681,Recommended,555220,29391443,Posted: 20 January,all,labmonke101（草泥马),"Incredible game, the story will leave you with feels."
76561197991717166,Recommended,555220,29576592,Posted: 29 January,all,haytkir,"A short poingant ode to the heyday of martial law in KMT controlled Taiwan. The country is a very different place now, but stories like these remind us of what went on often with the US turning a blind eye.With beautiful music and a story of love and betrayal this vingette from Taiwan will introduce you to some of their mythology as well as not-so-long-ago history.Game play is that of a classic adventure game. Focus on the story and the puzzles will become clear."
76561198049231049,Recommended,555220,29300447,Posted: 16 January,all,SaintAvak,"Very dark, sophisticated and thought provoking.An AMAZING experience you will remember forever."
76561198205725029,Recommended,555220,29474630,Posted: 24 January,all,Creamy_Mochi,"For those who are scared of horror games, fear not, this game is not that scary. I personally get scared fairly easily and I was able to get through this game alone. (I'd say similar to Year Walk in terms of horror level)Most of the scares are part of the atmospheric effect, with only around 2 real jumpscares. As you progress through the game, it veers more torwards a plot-concentrated gameplay.The puzzles were very enjoyable to solve, not that difficult.Will give you around 3 to 4 hours of gameplay, depending on how long it takes you to solve the puzzles and stop yourself from freaking out and just walk down the hallway."
,Recommended,555220,29431291,Posted: 22 January,all,koyu.lin3,Creepy atomsphere and the way of presenting the story will keep you on the edge of your seats for the short duration of 4 hours of game time. 4 hours well spent. 4.5/5
76561198093342017,Recommended,555220,30225278,Posted: 27 February,all,langlangq8i,"this game has a deep story in it.i liked the idea of the game although it is simple but it iz perfectthe puzzles, the horror atmospheric i can say it i complete masterpiece."
,Recommended,555220,29418874,Posted: 22 January,all,en5945,Very Much a game for storytelling and atmosphere. The story and the details to that story are amazing mixing traditional culture with Taiwan’s 1960’s climate of fear. I loved the setting but the graphics left me a little wanting. The bad guys were annoying and should have either been used more or not at all. The best puzzle was putting the story together but as for the player solvable puzzles there was only one I really cared for and it had me confused as to why my answers weren’t working. 7/10
,Recommended,555220,29846437,Posted: 11 February,all,wsboone,This game isn't too long (took me 5 hours due to my reading being slower in Chinese but I imagine most people would finish it in 3) but it is quite enjoyable. I found the scenary and the storyline hauntingly beautiful. The only downside was that I bought the game in mainland China and it didn't come with an English language pack.
,Recommended,555220,29378209,Posted: 20 January,all,Toxward,"Detention is a beautiful game from beginning to end. The visual aesthetics of Detention are top notch, but the gameplay is a little lacking. Deeper point and click gameplay would have been nice. Also the game had some good survival horror elements that it really could have done more with. Holding your breath to avoid getting detected is terrifying, but about halfway through the game after only a couple of enemies, you never have to do that again. That's when it stops being scary. The story is interesting though, and very carefully and deliberately revealed.This is a very small game, and that's fine. But there's some potential here that was missed. I still recommend it."
,Recommended,555220,29400702,Posted: 21 January,all,wildjcrt,"In short, no doubt to play!Just completed and unlocked all achievements!Have to say it’s an amazing game, including indie, horror, adventure, plus good story.When playing, I have no fear but a bit high tension so I think it also has very good atmospheric.Recommend!"
,Recommended,555220,29630475,Posted: 1 February,all,了,"A wonderful game, based on a dark and sad era, and how a misunderstanding lead to an unless pain for eternal life.  Walking through the school gave a chill creep at the neck, the special effect and color usage with the all the sound effect bring this point and click 2D game to be more fearful than some 3D horror games.  Personally i like how they introduce some of those monsters, one of kind culture experience."
,Recommended,555220,30101798,Posted: 22 February,all,BattleChicken23,"I've never posted a review before but this game deserves one.This is one of the most beautiful and at times terrifying horror games I've played in a very long time.Thank you to the devs for creating a beautiful masterpiece and allowing me to engross myself in the story and world of ""Detention"""
,Recommended,555220,33372799,Posted: 8 July,all,Kinst,"In my friend's words; It's like Fatal Frame and Silent Hill adopted a Taiwanese child.For me, it was a wonderful game. It was almost like sitting through a Satoshi Kon film."
76561198006400504,Recommended,555220,29867864,Posted: 12 February,all,Powder579,"This game is special and important, featuring a wonderful little ball of emotions for a protagonist. This I believe is what games have been leading up to as an art form.(P.S. My play time is so low because I watched Harshly Critical's LP of this. I still bought this to support the developers because they deserve every good thing that comes their way. Bless RCG."
76561198119187580,Recommended,555220,29368515,Posted: 19 January,all,johnny.longlegs,"This is a perfect example of why video games are considered an art form. It starts you out with very little information on anything, and slowly builds up bits and pieces as you go along into a fully coherent, very interesting storyline. The art style is amazing, and the suspense it gives as you walk through the halls, having idea where any door is going to lead you kept me glued to this game from start to finish.The art style is absolutely amazing. I couldn't help but stop and look at the game multiple times through. In addition, the errieness and creepiness were just right at the right moments. This game formulates bad thoughts and inner demons into things you have to overcome during the play through, and it does it artfully.The music and sound effects of this game are also on point. Every little tiny sound has you guessing whether or not something in the room with you. And the soundtrack for the game when it has musical moments definitely tugs at the heart strings.Not many jump scares throughout, but there are many things that will creep you out and leave you feeling uncomfortable, for sure. (But I promise that is a good thing). I recommend this to anyone, even if you aren't much for story driven games."
76561197972442783,Recommended,555220,29505942,Posted: 26 January,all,Skarhead,"So, I just finished this game and was surprised at how much I enjoyed it.  It's a straight-forward 2D point-and-click adventure with asian horror elements.  The story is amusing, art very well done, and solid game play.  Anyone a fan of adventure or horror games should give it try.  Ran perfectlyy smooth on my 960GTX, never crashed at all.  It's worth the full price.  Took about 5ish hours to complete.  Also there are multiple endings."
76561198057139582,Recommended,555220,30570281,Posted: 17 March,all,mmm333k,"Truly a nice game. Not only the gameplay, but the story had me tearful. A tragedy took place in Taiwan under the dictatorship of KMT. Most asian nations had gone through such circumstances of political suppression. Some jump scares freaking players out, but the highlight is the process of investigation."
,Recommended,555220,33008234,Posted: 29 June,all,FeliXXI,This game was honestly a work of art that I can't even begin to describe. If you gave it a chance I promise you won't be dissapointed.
,Recommended,555220,33258062,Posted: 4 July,all,Psycopathy,This game has an amazing story to it. The eerie atmosphere really creeped me out. Soundtrack is A+++. Would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves horror with a wonderful plot.
,Recommended,555220,33303133,Posted: 6 July,all,Grale,Bought this for its Chinese/Taiwanese horror aspects.Left with an actual thirst for Taiwanese history instead.10/10 would recommend to anyone (despite the short gameplay)Story was well-written and kept you guessing till the end.And even after the end you're still trying to piece together what actually happened.Looking forward to more games from Red Candle!
,Recommended,555220,33136266,Posted: 2 July,all,Lima,"Amazing storyline, shame that the early jumpscares got to me."
,Recommended,555220,29349537,Posted: 18 January,all,Kizusagi,"I'm the average gamer with a little inclination to asian, niche titles, but not to the point of idealize these kind of games.I grew up playing many genres including point and click adventure games. Detention is a great indie horror point and click game, it compensates its indie production values with a great atmospheric theme far from retro or cartoony styles usually used by these kind of developers. I am not one for indie games but this one really catched my eye and in one sentence, is the horror game i would like to make if i had the knowledge and chance to make it."
,Recommended,555220,32990216,Posted: 29 June,all,johxnxgan2679,"a game with good music,creative puzzles,excellent atmosphere and a sad story which reflects the history behind it.Was not dissapointed at all."
,Recommended,555220,35053706,Posted: 18 September,all,Takkun,Excellent utilization of the horror genre that creates a powerful narrative. Recommended for anybody who cares about narratives in their games.
76561198257702136,Recommended,555220,34866029,Posted: 10 September,all,leshi,"This game is not a typical horror game that most of the people do, if you are going for one of a kind genre of horror, then this will do. It was scary from the start, after which it'll go deeper into the story where it will bring your ambience which makes the game nice and the concept of the story is melancholy great."
,Recommended,555220,35071262,Posted: 19 September,all,KhemTrailz,"I found the horror actually really effective, I just wish there was more of it. The whole game was still enjoyable, but felt like the first half needed more time to spook before the crazy story stuff came in."
76561198359825989,Recommended,555220,29465720,Posted: 24 January,all,cfchiu,very immersive!
,Recommended,555220,29367242,Posted: 19 January,all,Edge-Worthy,"I first saw a portion of this game on Youtube and instantly went out to buy it, i enjoyed playing it and will do so again, it has, in my opinion one of the most equal portions of horror and psychological stuffs, not too many ""enemies"" but still has a creepy vibe even when they're not there."
,Recommended,555220,31264073,Posted: 20 April,all,XonX,"That was one hell of an experience. Not the most complex or difficult gameplay-wise, but unbelivebly eery, stunningly stylish and just beautiful. The soundtrack and the visuals reminded me strongly of Silent Hill and the story is intriguing.A very nice horror game."
76561197983745661,Recommended,555220,33335791,Posted: 7 July,all,Spacehouse,"Pain, Loss, Lingering RegretEndless Suffering.This is a dramatic horror masterpiece."
76561198152308686,Recommended,555220,33345341,Posted: 7 July,all,BRAVO2033,The Artstyle and the soundtrack  (especially piano) in this game is really great.I play a lot of scary games but this one is totally unique.HIghly recommend    10/10.
,Recommended,555220,33458905,Posted: 11 July,all,Because I'm Ashley,"Detention is an a point and click psychological horror, similar in style to The Cat Lady but somewhat smoother in how it looks and plays. The game has an interesting background and setting mixing political agendas and personal/social discorses to represent the trauma of the protagonist(s) in 1960's Taiwan. Excellent sound design compliments the usually gritty eye cathing visuals. The narrative is really engaging and the strongest point of the game makes it well worth picking up for an amazing unsettling story with minor gameplay and puzzle elements. The biggest downside being theres only around 4 hours of play time, not including replayability which you may only do once to notice little details in story and imagery in the environments.Reccomend for fans of psychological horros like Silent Hill and The Cat Lady or even if you just have an interest in Taiwanese culture and history."
76561198202913483,Recommended,555220,33774518,Posted: 24 July,all,Mugicha,"This game was fantastic. .  The atmosphere, ambience, setting, and story all come together with incredible style.  It felt like I was watching and playing a horror movie, and found myself truly immersed in it.  I can't wait to see what the developer comes up with next."
,Recommended,555220,33938188,Posted: 31 July,all,Michio Yuki,"One of the best point-and-click adventures in a long time. The atmosphere is just amazing. Puzzles are fluid and you rarely get stuck. No pixel-hunting at all. The storytelling is a bit complex, but that's what makes it really interesting. Not to mention that this game is properly scary and very unsetting sometimes. Would definitely recommend to anyone who likes non-standard horror."
,Recommended,555220,29341610,Posted: 18 January,all,Salty Pete,"I don't often post steam reviews but this game totally blew me away. The atmosphere was beautifully done, it kept me gripped to the story the entire time. I went in expecting cheap scares and left in tears from such an emotional game. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,555220,29642266,Posted: 1 February,all,Spigot,Creepy in a way that I haven't felt since the glory days of Silent Hill.  The sound design makes the hair stand up on the back of my neck while I play.  Excellent little horror game.
76561197986603356,Recommended,555220,29640387,Posted: 1 February,all,ghost2047,"I'll admit, I don't usually like to write reviews. However in the case of this game, I felt that I just had to. This game is truly remarkable. Great atmosphere, oppressive but still beautiful soundtrack and sound effects, engaging narrative and great art style. Even the scares got me to sit up and take note which considering how much time I spend watching horror is something of an achievement in it's own right. This is a great game to spend an evening playing through."
,Recommended,555220,35316186,Posted: 29 September,all,Mubbed,"In its purest form this title captures the essence of the survival horror genre with puzzles that hark back to the Silent Hill and Resident Evil titles of yore. The narrative is an introspection of the human psyche dealing with themes such as guilt, isolation and self-identity. The setting and spiritual undertones give off an authentic personal vibe that transcends the normality and redundancy you would normally see in similar horror based titles. Everything from the art, sound design and user interface play a major role in the narrative - every piece of scrap paper you find is filled with such a large level of care that you cannot help but become engrossed in the unweaving mystery that is presented to you."
,Recommended,555220,31247960,Posted: 19 April,all,Daikenja,"I admit, I wasn't sure if I was going to like this game when I first bought it. However, upon playing it, I quickly got into the story. The ambience is eerie and keeps you on edge. The story is interesting and the tidbits of information you get keep you curious enough to play through to learn the whole story. For a point and click type of puzzle game, it's pretty good! It's more than I had expected and I overall enjoyed the experience!"
76561198114575156,Recommended,555220,33019843,Posted: 29 June,all,nicebuttplays,"This game invokes the atmosphere of Silent Hill and Fatal Frame. if you like either of those games, buy this. If you like horror at all, buy this. It's a great deal and it's the best horror game I've played since Silent Hill 4."
,Recommended,555220,29919871,Posted: 14 February,all,arga warga,"The animations are crude. That's the only bad thing I can say about this game. Everything else is awesome:- very well-written story of betrayal, regret, love and political suppression- political horror reflected in personal horror, set in a gruesome era of Taiwan's past- ideal if you want to learn Chinese: play it in English and then switch to Chinese ;)- excellent sound design and soundtrack, it gave me the creeps as is should have!- without being didactic, you casually learn a lot about daily cultural practices and customs of Taiwan - burning paper money, puppetry for the gods, Buddhist and Daoist deities, the city god...It's a horror game with a good story, yet also a game about Taiwan's past and a game where you can learn more about Taiwan's culture: if you're looking for these things, you will not be disappointed. Hope to see more of Red Candle!"
76561198074234358,Recommended,555220,29937421,Posted: 15 February,all,DoubleDoll,"I've never really been into horror games , however , i must say that this one is truly a gem . The overall atmosphere of the game is very well set up by its unique art style and subtle but very fitting BGM . The game tells the story in a very well balanced fashion ; you won't feel absolutely clueless about what’s happening nor will you feel like the game is mindlessly shoving it into your face . The puzzles are not overly complicated , allowing everyone to enjoy the game . In conclusion , this is a wonderful game , it tells the story of a dark era within Taiwanese history , and as a Taiwanese myself , it made the experience all the better ."
,Recommended,555220,33017740,Posted: 29 June,all,Sin Dumpling,"I bought this game, expecting it was simply a supernatural horror story, looking for a thrill.And, oh boy, did I get more than I asked for.""Detention"" was, without a doubt, one of the best games I've ever had the fortune of playing. I hold nothing but pure amazement at how well the plot was constructed, the characters developed, and the atmospere presented. Not only was the absolutely gorgeous art style of the game able to keep me on edge, but it immersed me as the plot progressed and revelations were made.This game was not just another horror. This game was very historically accurate (from ancient Taoist practices to Taiwanese martial law) and drew a sharp contrast between supernatural suspense and reality-based fear. Although I originally purchased this for a good scare, the main character's story was what, in the end, resonated with me.In all, I highly reccomend playing this."
76561198298358875,Recommended,555220,33075779,Posted: 1 July,all,longpun88,"Excellent story, them and music."
76561198338938233,Recommended,555220,29307280,Posted: 16 January,all,kennethwessel,"this game came as a big surprise. for such serious topics, the game was simply brilliant.  PC controls consisted of mouse and 2 mouse  buttons - simple and a pleasure.it's a left/right scrolling game.the seriousness of the political issues were woven into the gameplay extraordinarily. if you are a kid looking for shooting, this is not the game for you. i'm still not sure i understand everything, but i liked it so much, i'd have to say it's one of my all time favorite games, and very reasonable in price. after finishing this review, i'm going to look for more games by Red Candle.thanks for a fabulous experience!  i give it 5 stars out of 5."
76561198279486045,Recommended,555220,30544565,Posted: 16 March,all,johnpaek,진짜 무섭다 무섭다 하 이거 진짜 갑툭요소도 있는데 내 심장이 못버틸것같아서 일단 보류해놈 ...언젠간 꼭 깨야지 분위기도 짱인데 넘나 무서운것 플레이시간 30분이 최대다..
,Recommended,555220,30304268,Posted: 3 March,all,MiDaS.花滿樓,>Spotted a phone in game>Dial 911 instead>Get an Achievement ( What made you think this would work? )Best logic detection game Eveeerrr !!
76561197993459184,Recommended,555220,29438606,Posted: 23 January,all,c0mplete,"This was way better then i thought it would be. Great look, good puzzles and some amazing writing."
76561198073907875,Recommended,555220,33687479,Posted: 20 July,all,Erenyx,"Usually, I would not play a horror game, because I don't like spending money to have an anxiety experience. But because I am playing a lot of narrative games recently, and the game is short. I gave it a try and started playing it. There are something goods about this game and something I don't like.To start off, I would say this game did horrify and scared me several times, and which makes me want to quit the game because I don't like the experience. However, I made it through and found it less and less horrifying in the late game. I know somebody would say that it doesn't match the Flowchart where every game designer should have followed. But I would say if it keeps scaring me like that I would quit the game in a few minutes. The most scaring part of this game is when I can not see the crying lady under the dark, and it suddenly catches me with a loud noise. Although I know I won't get hurt, it still feels horrifying. After that, all of the ghosts seem to be easier to tackle. The one that I feel close to being scared off is the giant ghost, that is an easy runaway. But it feels close, and that makes me feel terrifying. And the night guard is like a lovely bear already, because it can hardly do any damage, it doesn't have horrifying sound, and it's even showing under the light.That was the round up of the horrifying part of the game; I think I would mainly being scared by the mechanics instead of the sudden burst of a ghost because I am controlling my character and feel more attaching to it and in danger at the same time. There is one static scene I found scary that is after I finished my piano riddle, a group of audience ghosts stand up and laughing in green faces. That is scary. But after all, I think this game has right amount of scary points.Regarding the puzzles and gameplay, I believe that it's pretty solid, even though I was trapped two times, that is also at the very end of the game, so I think with my skill level up, it should be slightly more challenging. The music one doesn't seem very intuitive because if I higher the first two notes to 4 and 5, it still sounds like what the radio broadcast music is. Another one that I trapped is the clock puzzle, but I think that one is real because I was dumb, and didn't open the light for a second check of the pictures rotation. Other than these two puzzles, I can always figure out what I should do and where I should go without any problems.Overall, I would say this game is pretty well done, the art corresponds to the atmosphere very well. The music is calming, and the sound effect is daunting. However, I would hope there could be some music even for the bad ending; it just feels like the bad end isn't worth satisfying for the amount of time player plays. I like the good ending where the girl's voice is reading a poem. And I like the link between the good ending and bad ending that indicates the good ending frees up the ghost of the bad ending. I think this is a good game, and again, it proves that a good game doesn't need a good graphics or amazing technique to express something, this game doesn't even have a lot of words. Therefore I believe if you want to do something that you think is great, and you want to make it great, you can do it, don't think too much about how to implement something, if you can not, can you implement something else that can serve the same functionality. That is also important."
,Recommended,555220,34032709,Posted: 5 August,all,Crimson FURY,"A story driven game set against a significant historical backdrop. Each complements the other perfectly in a unique east asian horror settingThe gameplay itself involves fairly simple item based puzzles in a 2D style talking about 4 hours to complete, but you will play and enjoy it for the storyline. You get drip fed information as you go, in just the right amounts, sometimes in horrific ways. Everything will make sense in the end.Great indie game which makes the most of very simple elements to generate maximum impact8/10"
76561198035569841,Recommended,555220,29326896,Posted: 17 January,all,MinecraftMatty,This game is a brilliant experience that is passionately created in every way which intrigues the player's interest the whole time.Most-excellent/Most-excellent.
,Recommended,555220,35054216,Posted: 18 September,all,dave,"This game is amazing. Such a powerful story with symbolism, grief, sadness, and mourning. I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198325995462,Recommended,555220,31874049,Posted: 20 May,all,Merlot1987,It good. Real good.
,Recommended,555220,32751484,Posted: 24 June,all,OverThink,"Beautiful game, the ambience, so many meanings and stories related.I love it."
76561198042405286,Recommended,555220,31149663,Posted: 14 April,all,A Bag Of Pasta,An amazing story.
76561198207573545,Recommended,555220,32776600,Posted: 25 June,all,Coach.,Most meaningful game I've ever played
,Recommended,555220,35033397,Posted: 17 September,all,zerox102,"This game is a lovely story about two people working together to survive a storm in a school and safely getting out unscathed the next day. At least that's what the first 5 minutes implied, I got too scared to actually go further into the game so I wouldn't know."
76561198159049121,Recommended,555220,29241771,Posted: 13 January,all,Factory New Rarara,"This is a really good atmospheric horror game.It was so good, I felt obliged to give good feedback on it. (And I've never done that before.)This game nails the ambience of good horror really well. It's a slow smouldering dread which is synonymous with the East Asian horror genre. It's a fear of the unknown and the unseen.This game is also well translated from my playthrough's perspective.It is admittedly slow paced at certain points, but if you're on the fence about buying this, I would urge you to buy it. Treat yourself to a good horror experience."
,Recommended,555220,35048643,Posted: 18 September,all,flu,"Just started this game and all I can tell you so far is that at the very start Wei Chung Ting falls asleep in the class and not so long afterthe Ting goes skrrrrra, pa pa ka ka ka, ski bi ki pa pa, an the pu pu purrrru boom!"
,Recommended,555220,29216948,Posted: 12 January,all,Kryptik,"A visually stunning game, with a vibe much like the Harvester games ""The Cat Lady"" and ""Downpour""Amazing soundtrack and audio design really set the mood for this game and had me hooked from the beginning.However, despite saying this is was a decently straightforward game, with a story that could potentinaly get a bit convoluted. In the end this game was a great experience and with the $10 price tag it is a must play!"
76561198135739633,Recommended,555220,29400726,Posted: 21 January,all,== < BaSaRa > ==,สนุกสัด   เนื้อเรื่องน่าติดตาม  ใครชอบแนวนี้   ซื้อไอ้สัด ไม่ต้องคิด
76561198078071624,Recommended,555220,29313644,Posted: 17 January,all,Yu-Hsin Liu,Spetacular background music!
76561197981588360,Recommended,555220,29594434,Posted: 30 January,all,40GallonTophat,"tl;drAs close to a Silent Hill Point & Click that you'll get.  10/10Ps & Cs+ Genuinely spooky+ Intriguing story+ Lots of freaky imagery+ Good use of real-life mythologies+ Scary enemies+ Streams beautifully- Gets a bit confusing and poetic near the end- Not much in the way of puzzlesNitty GrittyI had not even heard of this game until I saw a review for it on Rely on Horror and I'm glad I read it!  This game is fantastic.  It's a minimalist's Point & Click as there are not many objects to interact with directly, but everything is so beautiful that you don't need to be able to.  It's also genuinely freaky and I had to turn the game off a few times.  My only real complaint was that it got a bit dense in the end with lots of prose and I got a bit lost.  Don't wait, buy it now.  10/10"
,Recommended,555220,32551188,Posted: 18 June,all,"y tu, bidi?","Detention is a game featuring a unique cultural lens that you don't see too often in video games, much less horror games. If being a Taiwanese horror game set during martial law isn't enough for you to jump on already, the art direction and generally positive handling of horror-game tropes are more than enough to prove that this is well-competent game deserving of your attention....(minor story/progression spoilers ahead)...For many I'd imagine this game to be intriguing right from the start. However, for me anyway, the first third of the game has an almost over-reliance on horror tropes. There are jump scares (not a lot, but even the few rarely feel deserved). There's your amnesiac cast who will surely remember what's going on as soon as it's appropriate. There's the Silent Hill corrupting of the school grounds (even a collapsed road in there for good measure). And, most unfortunately, there are monsters you have to avoid. There aren't a lot, but like the jump scares, they feel very out of place given the tone the rest of the game sets up. I do recommmend getting killed at least once though--the monsters are relatively easy to avoid, but death isn't rewarded with just a simple game over screen.Thankfully, around the second third of the game, things start to get reallyinteresting. Obviously to say any further would be spoilers, but it's almost to the point where I feel the creators of the game might have purposefully made the start of the game rather tame just to grab the typical horror game audience (the ones who want monsters and jump scares), before subjecting them to what the game isreallyabout. And oh boy is it about something."
76561198012016497,Recommended,555220,32726693,Posted: 24 June,all,Myros,"I would consider myself to be the type of person that scares easily, but only one of Detention's jump-scares got to me.Don't get me wrong, the game still has a lot of weirdness going for it and I loved its overall style.But what truly kept my attention is the plot and very unique setting. The puzzles were also not too difficult, which allowed the game's story to flow quite nicely.And let me tell you, Detention is certainly a game that I won't soon forget."
76561198011631458,Recommended,555220,29273127,Posted: 15 January,all,LOSE+™,Totally worth it.Enough said.9/10.Why?Good plot and refreshing graphics.
76561197989962777,Recommended,555220,29284341,Posted: 15 January,all,Yung Dagger Dicc,well that was fu*in unique
,Recommended,555220,29364759,Posted: 19 January,all,Krept,"The game is twisted and filled with such evil and immoralities that would make you question what would happen if it wasn't fictional. However, the story-telling and the gameplay is amazing and there's some scary sh't in there that might make you jump a little. Altogether it's a true story-telling horror game minus the typical jumpscares.(Sike.)If you ever feel neglected of love or you're feeling lonely, I'd suggest playing this game to see exactly what the after-math is."
76561198036805114,Recommended,555220,29367870,Posted: 19 January,all,Antioxidant Infusion,Indescribable!!! 太好了！！！！
,Recommended,555220,33554129,Posted: 15 July,all,Arukas.D,"This is what will be like if a Thai horror movie, This War of Mine and  Valiant Hearts: The Great War walk into a bar."
,Recommended,555220,33057753,Posted: 30 June,all,Boushy,♥♥♥♥ this game i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself 2 times in like 15 minutes.
76561198021568839,Recommended,555220,33097920,Posted: 1 July,all,Tronix,Detention is an amazing game. But if you don't like the horror genre it can turn out to be borring. Give it a chance tho.Rate this game 9/10.
76561198218506184,Recommended,555220,34054124,Posted: 5 August,all,Sora719,"Excellent game, you can feel the interest the team put in the design and the history. If you like creppy games with an Asian mythology touch, this is the game. A bit short, but worth it."
76561198182770003,Recommended,555220,33690099,Posted: 20 July,all,flinchly,Took my breath away. Literally.
,Recommended,555220,29602189,Posted: 31 January,all,sherthelocksmith,"it all started when a father deserted his family.when we slowly uncover the mossy truth, we actually immerse in the sorrow and horror surrounding us.great story and a jaunt worth taking.一直有种主角是桂纶镁的错觉＝＝"
,Recommended,555220,34351769,Posted: 19 August,all,icecoldzombie,was very good
76561198046387643,Recommended,555220,29324250,Posted: 17 January,all,Onimaru,"PROSStory is good, it was an overall well executed narrative.The visuals are well done and the music is very original, the overall ambiance of the game is very well executed.CONSThe scare factor is decent, but most of it consists of jumpscares that you see coming a mile away.Story is fairly predictable and not as dark as you'd expect.Puzzles are a tad easy and oversimplified, most of them just involve finding an item and bringing it somewhere obvious.Gameplay is inconsistent, each type of enemy is only around for a very short amount of time and by halfway through the game they don't show up anymore at all and the mechanics for avoiding them are completely disabled. At that point the game turns from a survival horror to a point and click visual novel.SUMMARYThe game is basically a really short 2D point and click version of Silent Hill or Siren. Could have been better, I would've liked the actual survival horror part to have lasted longer, but all in all it's a great game for the price."
76561197995442430,Recommended,555220,29324805,Posted: 17 January,all,Dawei,Amazing game. Brilliant writing and truly unique. A must play!
76561198041399778,Recommended,555220,29242728,Posted: 14 January,all,musicknife,"To be very honest I think the game is still a bit like a semi-finished one, not only the final chapter is quite different while comparing with the first and second ones but you could almost find no new clues in the last chapter.Why I would still give it a thumb up is because the atmosphere of this game is quite unique, you can also tell that red-candle studio had put a lot efforts into it.Last but not least, if you happen to know some modern Taiwan history and Taiwanese it would definitely add some flavor for your gaming experience."
,Recommended,555220,35069398,Posted: 19 September,all,Sandwich Maker 2000,"Very worth it, I want a sequellll :(. So well done, atmosphere is 10/10, and rekindled my love for point and click. As cheesy as this is, I normally avoid calling games a work of art, but this really is that.."
,Recommended,555220,35059114,Posted: 18 September,all,Finn 🐧,Holt♥♥♥♥♥♥that was awesome!Great Linux support too!
,Recommended,555220,29241299,Posted: 13 January,all,gary9716,"It's a well-polished game in terms of visual and auditory experience. For someone who wants to get a peek into Taiwan's culture and historical situation in 1960s, it would definitely be a good choice. Some puzzles are also pretty interesting."
76561198016576282,Recommended,555220,29233226,Posted: 13 January,all,Zera,There was a hole here it's gone now
76561198015446440,Recommended,555220,34161000,Posted: 10 August,all,glitterdeath,"A chilling and tragic mystery/horror, beautiful visuals and unique story, it will haunt you for weeks after you play it."
,Recommended,555220,32529210,Posted: 18 June,all,Jinssi,"I bought solely based on the release trailer and I'm happy that I did. Unlike many other modern horror games, this one captivates the player with the athmosphere and its puzzles don't feel tidious. You want to complete them, you have a sense of purpose and where the game doesn't hold your hand, I can imagine some people can get annoyed at the lack of guidance.I've tried my share of horror games and I tend to prefer the ones where you have an actual fighting chance, yet this one with its lack of fighting mechanisms, threw a hook, line and sinker straight from the get-go. I haven't finished it yet, but the first chapters have already paid themselves back. I won't say it's the best 12€ you'll ever spend (because, you know, there're other goods out there) but it'sdarn closeto it.If you see this on sale, stop reading this review and just buy it."
,Recommended,555220,29227339,Posted: 13 January,all,NEET@Anzu,A Taiwanese version of Silent Hillkeeps me happy since we're never getting another silent hill game
,Recommended,555220,30387908,Posted: 8 March,all,wildbubble,i was moved by the game
,Recommended,555220,29262674,Posted: 14 January,all,3welkin3,"听说有两个结局，我玩了方芮欣上吊的结局 ，所以这个游戏应该是主角死前的回忆。游戏中期开始恐怖元素只有音乐部分了，所以后期不必担心。游戏让人眼前一亮，故事性强, 架空的背景要是能再多一点互动就更完美了。-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------/ *Spoiler: The flashback approach appeals to me. Heard that it has two different ends, as a matter of fact, I still hoped it could add more elemental spots such as monsters and people of which they're surly vital. 5 stars recommend for me*/"
,Recommended,555220,35047612,Posted: 18 September,all,forkburn,Watched others beat the game on youtube. Bought the game. Never dared to play.
76561198081181191,Recommended,555220,29244215,Posted: 14 January,all,josiahofhunt,"Great game. Definitely worth the money. The story and atmosphere are its two biggest selling points, though I would have preferred if some of the puzzles were a bit harder. Very sad; the ending gave me chills."
76561198005874397,Recommended,555220,31004889,Posted: 7 April,all,MindFlayer,I cried at the end... 10/10
76561198016127849,Recommended,555220,29875976,Posted: 12 February,all,yifan_616,故事讲的完整 气氛非常好。谜题略简单但无所谓。但愿提到的时代不会再来。
76561198124964473,Recommended,555220,31621189,Posted: 8 May,all,mrend0972,"호러게임이지만 라이트 유저들도 접근하기 쉬울만큼적절한 호러성을 갖고있는 게임입니다.초반 1~2챕터에서만 귀신이 등장해서 으스스하고,그 뒤로부터는 이 게임의 스토리에 대한 핵심요소들이 등장하여공포에 대한 색채가 옅어집니다.단순히 공포게임이라기 보다는,한편의 소설, 영화를 보는것처럼 스토리가 깊고잔잔하면서 여운을 줍니다.플레이타임은 보통 3시간정도면 끝나는것 같습니다만,여타 다른 게임보다 짧은 플레이 타임임에도 돈이 아깝다는 생각은 들지 않았습니다.깊이감있는 스토리성의 가벼운 호러게임을 즐기고 싶다면꼭 추천드리고 싶은 게임이네요."
76561198267757685,Recommended,555220,33112262,Posted: 1 July,all,asyncCallback,厉害了！
76561198242394740,Recommended,555220,29271206,Posted: 15 January,all,snowmanfatfat,非常優秀的遊戲！也是我第一個買的遊戲支持台灣國產啊讚讚讚
76561198105783627,Recommended,555220,29306604,Posted: 16 January,all,ninpy.weiyi,Great game. Nice atmosphere and music. Would recommend anyone who is interested in Taiwanese history and folk tales.
76561198062467377,Recommended,555220,29268271,Posted: 15 January,all,Pendekar Pisang Goreng,Interesting story and amusing gameplay! Totally recommended !
76561198283595564,Recommended,555220,29401193,Posted: 21 January,all,ienari0920691735,very good game made from taiwaness. maybe the best taiwan game.
76561198358763594,Recommended,555220,29250294,Posted: 14 January,all,cmchao,Greate game
,Recommended,555220,29757360,Posted: 7 February,all,Trump,A great atmospheric horror game without too much of jump scares.
,Recommended,555220,33241900,Posted: 4 July,all,nini,"Very fun, but VERY demented."
,Recommended,555220,29308459,Posted: 16 January,all,Bill,It's a very good game.
76561198125796302,Recommended,555220,29310005,Posted: 16 January,all,Mikudayo,"Very worth the money, immersive story, interesting game play, and thought-provoking puzzles. Would love to see more from the developers, and what they can do in the future."
76561198043002547,Recommended,555220,29311145,Posted: 16 January,all,cyrilk,"Good one. Didn't really enjoy ending, but still this game tells player an interesting story which is rare a thing by itself. I liked cultural references and also discovered new facts of Taiwan history.+1"
76561198042289688,Recommended,555220,32527521,Posted: 17 June,all,The Pretty Good Gatsby,"Beautiful game.  It starts off like a horror game, but then, somehow, an excellent story comes in.   Just buy it."
76561198037077800,Recommended,555220,32266791,Posted: 8 June,all,dystopicfilms,"This game is genuinely frightening. Not in a ""Boo! I startled you."" Jump-scare kind of way, but in a genuine way.Though parts of this game seem derivative of ""Siren"" and ""Project 0"", the overall feel of ""Detention"" is exactly what a Horror game should be: eerie, foreboding and with enough trepidation to ensure that the overall atmosphere never drops below tense. Which in essence is what makes East-Asian Horror so appealing as a cultural entity: it displays a recognition of the fact that good horror comes on siow and builds in a crescendo. As a conniseur of Japanese and Korean Horror movies (mainly late 90s/early 2000s J-Horror) I found this aspect to be especially pleasing. In all honesty, I haven't felt this much trepidation playing a Horror game since ""The Evil Within"", though admittedly the shallower, more lenient learning curve means that one is more likely to see ""Detention"" through to it's end.Fans of Takashi Shimizu will also enjoy the shades of his ""Ju-On"" movies in the fact that there is a character switch after the prologue (minor spoiler alert there - don't worry though, I shan't ruin it by elaborating any further).An interesting aspect of the game is the 'hold your breath' dynamic which adds to the suspense. It truly is a thrill to be able to quietly sneek past a monster in this game knowing full-well that you only have a finite amount of time to do so before the monster gets wind of you. Ergo, the game encourages you to sharpen your evasion skills, something which is often expected of players in modern games but rarely taught.Which brings us to the only possible downside of the game. Considering the nature of the game play - explore, find item, encounter monster, evade monster - one gets the impression that ""Detention"" would play better as a standard side scroller like ""Whispering Willows"" or ""Neverending Nightmares"" and not as a point-and-click. While the controls don't really effect the gameplay to any serious degree, having to constantly click the mouse does make character movement needlessly erratic and there's always the unmistakable feeling that the experience would be more fluid if you could just hold down and arrow key to move around.Still, gnit-picking aside, ""Detention"" is a fantasticly frighting Indy experience and one of the many triumphs of East-Asian Horror gaming. Perhaps not Top Tier like ""SIlent Hill"" or ""Siren"" but definitely high up the list. Recommended playing for sure."
,Recommended,555220,32054227,Posted: 29 May,all,This_Cat_Streams,"Only done one play through so far wasn't aware at first that the was multiple endings. But got very giddy when I did.The atmosphere of the game is great I love those games that give an odd feeling of peace, solitude and fear all at the same time. The music is the one that does a great job. I was sold on the trailer music alone.The game is a very old school point and click adventure with some choices to make. Some of the puzzles leave you boggled at first but given time you will get through them and solving them is quite fun with what happens around you.Being into Chinese culture myself I did enjoy some of the folk lore.The was one creature that you encounter twice that at first felt like they should of been more of a recurring through out the game but was dropped after one of the levels. It was a bit of ashame but the story and Ray is front and center.All in all a very interesting and entertaining game."
76561198011810582,Recommended,555220,32345168,Posted: 11 June,all,Buffy,"Criticism on a high level:I don't want to sound unfair, but I ecpected a bit more. It wasn't really creepy, it wasn't really that intriguing and the end was way too descriptive (I thought the game could have ended about 30 minutes earlier and I would have gotten the picture clearly). The riddles, music, graphic and general athmosphere were good, no question, but for me a ""certain something"" was just missing.Nevertheless it's a good adventure and it was fun to play, so I recommend it."
,Recommended,555220,32446110,Posted: 15 June,all,madison_benitez,"Wonderful game play and love the atmosphere. It's a puzzle game and immersive horror. The survival horror aspect petered out near the middle but I thoroughly enjoyed it, that's when you start to get answers about what is going on. I recommend this game 100%"
,Recommended,555220,32748243,Posted: 24 June,all,Hentai S-S-Senpai,"Hidden gem. Great atmosphere, music and pacing. Nice style. Authentic chinese horror experience. (I'm asian too)"
,Recommended,555220,29795578,Posted: 8 February,all,Haus,is rl gewd
76561198348850837,Recommended,555220,29265028,Posted: 14 January,all,FaDe_To_BlAcK,A very original horror game. Very well done.
,Recommended,555220,29289564,Posted: 15 January,all,sopi,Very good
,Recommended,555220,30071628,Posted: 20 February,all,Coops,Easily one of my favorite games this year. It manages to tell an intriging story that I haven't seen many games able to pull off. Very thought provoking and left a huge impression on me.
76561198041983916,Recommended,555220,30368833,Posted: 7 March,all,freestyle,"great story, even better if you know the backgrounds of china and taiwan history and culture"
,Recommended,555220,34573866,Posted: 29 August,all,Chavid,"The first half is creepy AF, the second half is more about the story. As a Taiwanese, I'm quite proud of this game."
76561198159938388,Recommended,555220,33157927,Posted: 2 July,all,Chaotic,"Great Game, Good Length and an interesting story. Worth the play, if you enjoy horrors with a good story line."
,Recommended,555220,29351420,Posted: 18 January,all,♥Kuha♥,GG
,Recommended,555220,29771460,Posted: 7 February,all,Nite,"One of the best games I've played in recent memory. I went into this game blind, and you should as well, so you can get the most out of the excellent story that Detention has to offer. Detention is well worth every penny, and while you may only play it once or twice, you will surely get what you paid for out of it."
76561198127316975,Recommended,555220,35058060,Posted: 18 September,all,Marie,"A work of art. I'm not easily spooked, but this gets me. Would reccomend this to anyone!"
,Recommended,555220,35062388,Posted: 19 September,all,Nami n Draven,"too scary for me, worth the price if you got enough guts though"
76561198360456704,Recommended,555220,29412273,Posted: 21 January,all,TheGamerOfWoe,"Extremely well done, beautiful plot, and brilliant character development with Fang. FYI: 2 endings based on the answer to your questions in the final chapter. In-game character gameplay is iffy on personal opinion, but great game. Well worth the money~ 10/10"
76561198010744542,Recommended,555220,29443288,Posted: 23 January,all,snowcat375,Absolutely brilliant adventure game. I binge played itto get both endings.. Quite dark and unnerving but thoroughly enthralling.
,Recommended,555220,29437306,Posted: 22 January,all,bapplegate,"Culturally rich, linear point-and-click adventure game with an excellent story set during Taiwan's ""White Terror,"" when the government was arresting and killing people for reading forbidden books."
,Recommended,555220,29453717,Posted: 23 January,all,Triggered Feminist,Great level design great history and a scary as f mobs!
,Recommended,555220,29224942,Posted: 13 January,all,Huckleberryhound,"https://youtu.be/n_kLenFbZQsWhat can i say...this is a good game. I've only got to the two god door, but i'm sold. It's like a cross between sallyface or neverending nightmares, and dreadout. It has that asian gothic feel to it like the ring, without the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Jaanese horror...like dreadout.More of this please steam, and less of that green light♥♥♥♥♥♥you throw down the pipe.The video is the first 30 minutes...spoiler warning."
76561198006653128,Recommended,555220,29238333,Posted: 13 January,all,ssfsx17,This game is a 2-D Silent Hill type of game with no combat. It is one of the best Silent Hill clones since Lone Survivor. You must sneak past ghosts using various methods. It is so scary that I cannot finish it.
76561197960481949,Recommended,555220,29228071,Posted: 13 January,all,Jimmy-Wu,Tt's such a meaning game. The music is awesome !
76561198359092680,Recommended,555220,29220857,Posted: 13 January,all,mr.puddingcake,"Very nice game. Wish it was a bit longer with more variety of enemies. But overall, this is highly recommended :)"
76561198065201061,Recommended,555220,31734144,Posted: 13 May,all,john.silver.007,"Good story... but again... WTF? Do you really think people do this to themself each time they are depressed? No, ofcourse not.The game is not a horror. More like ghost story drama. If you like endless sorrow and sadness then go for it. I wanted a horror!!!!But ok, just dont buy it as a horror."
,Recommended,555220,34322093,Posted: 17 August,all,AndyLau,i am very love this story line of detentioni hope developer will make the similar game like this one with a great story line and gameplay  agaiin in futurei play and record this game to my youtube channelyoutube.com/dumbebum
,Recommended,555220,29307326,Posted: 16 January,all,city loot,"this♥♥♥♥♥♥is gold, jerry. gold"
,Recommended,555220,29412199,Posted: 21 January,all,jason_fly_07,"If you like Silent Hill 2 or Siren, here's a game for you."
,Recommended,555220,31873926,Posted: 20 May,all,Peace,Tragic Love Story
,Recommended,555220,30984499,Posted: 6 April,all,民族浄化 「种族清洗」,MAKE IT STOP
76561198062770791,Recommended,555220,29420248,Posted: 22 January,all,W O N G,nice
,Recommended,555220,30342758,Posted: 5 March,all,kiDŌ,You want to be scared? buy this gameYou dont have anything else to play? buy this gameYou want to know why i spend my time to write this review? buy this gameJust buy it
,Recommended,555220,29373351,Posted: 20 January,all,AcTiV',"such good, very wow!"
,Recommended,555220,30422305,Posted: 10 March,all,feiw1988,游戏性虽然相对比较低，但是剧情的表现方式真的很棒。希望以后能有更多同样题材的中文游戏
76561198198835342,Recommended,555220,33081219,Posted: 1 July,all,Stoicism,太好了
76561198323257016,Recommended,555220,29296915,Posted: 16 January,all,AllenWu1995,支持臺灣國產遊戲
76561198360738535,Recommended,555220,29583940,Posted: 30 January,all,710370393,不是说支持英文版吗？为什么不能下载到英文版的？
76561198064410815,Recommended,555220,32933306,Posted: 28 June,all,cdromer,Good game. You have to be an ethnic Chinese to truely and fully understand the story and its background.
76561197994318917,Recommended,555220,29439402,Posted: 23 January,all,My name a DOGE,no comments
,Recommended,555220,29453076,Posted: 23 January,all,真皮沙发,its ok
76561198360499770,Recommended,555220,29413546,Posted: 21 January,all,richard002300,"Amazing, good atmosphere. Let us know what happened when KMT ruled Taiwan."
76561198043787903,Recommended,555220,29218797,Posted: 12 January,all,fatso catso,spooky
,Recommended,555220,33163546,Posted: 2 July,all,I need healing,"Welp, I'm gonna refund this game! 3 spooky 5 me!"
76561198044056347,Recommended,555220,29404261,Posted: 21 January,all,Vealy,Vewwy good.
,Recommended,555220,30243864,Posted: 28 February,all,The Grey Sibling,.
76561198086880974,Recommended,555220,29393661,Posted: 21 January,all,★Bape★,TAIWAN NO.1
,Recommended,555220,35048292,Posted: 18 September,all,Just Mossy,Bounced on my boy's♥♥♥♥♥♥to this for three hours.
,Recommended,555220,32778005,Posted: 25 June,all,Ru!,Angela Anaconda
76561198137186270,Recommended,555220,29209967,Posted: 12 January,all,NetworkWorthy,"I am absolutely loving the game so far, i love the creepy atmosphere and the plot, this point and click indie sidescroller is definitely worth buying! a 8/10 for me :) and if you guys want to check out my gameplay on detention the link is here :https://youtu.be/zOUOQCnaagA"
76561198165634856,Not Recommended,555220,34508264,Posted: 26 August,all,yumaki-1,挺无聊的游戏，强行制造恐怖氛围，近似bug的走迷宫的过关方式，仿佛回到20年前的游戏，玩了一半 就不想玩了
76561198121828178,Not Recommended,555220,33794225,Posted: 25 July,all,markus_schmidt,"Been there, done that... Honestly, if you've ever played a psychological horror game akin to Silent Hill then this game has nothing new to offer. On the other hand: If you are looking for a crash course about the japanes horror genre then play this game!"
76561198123229076,Recommended,555220,32802407,Posted: 25 June,all,BlackCockDown,.
,Not Recommended,555220,31897705,Posted: 22 May,all,Coover000#5109,It crashed about twenty times in my 40-minute gameplay. All I did in that 40min was restarting the game over and over again. My desktop can run Overwatch in 60fps in medium or high quality. Where's your optimization?玩了四十分钟崩溃了将近二十次，一直在来回重启游戏、验证完整性，什么鬼。破本子带ow至少也能中画质60fps
76561198147019442,Not Recommended,555220,30421786,Posted: 9 March,all,凶相,"overall a good play experience  ,   there is no mean puzzle. all the puzzles are reasonable ,  not too difficult , not for difficulty designed but for story process. the story is well written.BUT there are some flaws i found.  the  MUSIC is too  flat normal,like a low cost, although it's somehow decent music, not a professional level compared to the pro perfect music made in the game Layers of Fear. And I don't find the story is with depth. I prefer Layers of Fear instead because the story has more depth and more serious and congruent and mature-minded."
76561198154676377,Not Recommended,555220,30214409,Posted: 26 February,all,Jiunkhor416,"Very historical game ...Simple yet short story ...The story line is quite complicated... (not everyone can understand well)anyway eventually I understand the story and love it :)I rate this game 7/10 ...However, I would NOT recommend you to buy this ...If you really want to know this game then just go watch gameplay on youtube ...If only I could rewind time and don't let myself buy this ... (NOT WORTH BUYING)IF ONLY YOU RICH..."
76561198066072482,Not Recommended,555220,29429575,Posted: 22 January,all,Pafnooty,"Looks interesting, although a bit primitive so far.  The ""so far"" leads to my biggest complaint. I had a bit of time and played for about 20 minutes, and it never saved.  I could find no way to force a save, so I assume that saves are under control of the game.  The action is very slow and deliberate, but that would not be a major problem for me if the game saved more often. I have no interest in repeating the rather slow opening. Sorry that I cannot recommend at this time. :-/If I'm missing something and there is a way to save more frequently, then I will happily change my review."
76561198056072872,Not Recommended,555220,31488252,Posted: 1 May,all,Pepe,Pretty boring linear story
,Not Recommended,555220,30514932,Posted: 14 March,all,-=100%Psychopath=-,BORING
76561198048671067,Not Recommended,555220,29693465,Posted: 4 February,all,[Ts]yardie,meh
76561198064622525,Recommended,555220,32842620,Posted: 26 June,all,THE BATH,"This game sucked, I couldn't even read the background because it wasn't American wtf japan get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together"
,Recommended,555220,30464891,Posted: 11 March,all,Hobbes,"Detention is deeply atmospheric, and would likely pave the way for many more excellent Made-in-TW games.The first half of the game contains more puzzles to solve, albeit they won't be too difficult to figure them out, whereas the second half feels a bit more arduous and draggy to go through, as they strive to explain the story behind the main protagonist. That second half, if improved on, could have made this game really awesome. Nevertheless, there were no doubt a few scare factors, especially with the sound and bass on.Great job."
,Recommended,555220,30462719,Posted: 11 March,all,SkyHammer,Worth playing twice.
76561198026268247,Recommended,555220,29571925,Posted: 29 January,all,gn00979905,Best game ever !!!
76561198103117537,Recommended,555220,29545373,Posted: 28 January,all,旋转突击的蓝色枪兵,The script is so perfectly written both in Chinese and English. Pitty some parts do not show the true beauty of original text.
76561198360040830,Recommended,555220,29537569,Posted: 28 January,all,kilik.kuo,"Really awesome game !!A bit scary, but mostly ... this beautiful story made me heart broken.Living in a demecratic nation where for us it's very hard to imaging that our parents or grand parents ever suffered the martial law like this.We now can speak freely, love freely, read freely.No matter what,  these guys really did a great job !"
76561198060555920,Recommended,555220,29532499,Posted: 27 January,all,G R F,this game is scary
76561198034917706,Recommended,555220,29534150,Posted: 27 January,all,humswhenbored,Very good game.  Although I wish everything in the environment was fully translated into English.
,Recommended,555220,29419171,Posted: 22 January,all,Ryizine,"I've only played half an hour of the game, but it seems like it has lots of character and I look forward to update the game as I go along! I'm going to be doing a playthrough video, so if you're interested in at least getting an idea of what the game will be like, go ahead and check out this video. If not, go ahead and play for yourself!https://youtu.be/B8lhYOM3gvcUPDATE: 1-27-17 : So I beat the game, got two different endings and I gotta say, I really enjoyed this game. The narrative is strong, and you really have to follow along sometimes. I put out a whole series on it with my youtube channel, but it was indeed a great game."
76561197967664969,Recommended,555220,29534628,Posted: 27 January,all,Yuri,Great game from a small Taiwanese developer company. I love to story that happens in the 70's Taiwan. Storngly recommended!
76561198161173085,Recommended,555220,29536169,Posted: 28 January,all,Ansieh,great game
76561198079017558,Recommended,555220,29521465,Posted: 27 January,all,alvin_jane,AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,555220,30511566,Posted: 14 March,all,Animus,"This is not just a simple click and get scared horror/puzzle game. I have to say the storyline is dynamic, I didn't really expect too much on this at first. And I didn't expect that I can feel so much and learn so much from a game either. The sound design can really pull you into the game. The art is definitely creepy but in a good way. Absolutely a good game, highly recommand this!!"
,Recommended,555220,30599249,Posted: 18 March,all,Aloye,"The blend of factual information that you can learn from this game combined with the beautiful story of a girl whose actions changed many lives is fantastic. To the world, hundreds of thousands of people's lives were changed dramatically, but we do not comprehend how many stories that is. This is only one of many, and it's told wonderfully. Highly recommend to anyone."
76561198004936873,Recommended,555220,30670035,Posted: 22 March,all,Rogue,"Definitely play if you are a fan of horror/puzzle games, however be aware that the game is short, took me 3 hours to beat so its probably not worth that asking price (wait for sale). Puzzles are quite easy but some of them are very well done in ways ive never seen before in any other game. I'd say this game is mainly for playing in one sitting.8/10- Could be longer/more difficult- Very good narative- Amazing sound design- Original Puzzles (Silent Hillesk)"
76561198031111461,Recommended,555220,30916141,Posted: 2 April,all,TunaFish,The feels~ really good game
,Recommended,555220,33536118,Posted: 14 July,all,?Ai cho tôi MMR?,"Nice art, great story, good music.10/10"
,Recommended,555220,33531986,Posted: 14 July,all,Wyu.// 信 治 ( ｡◕‿ ◕ ),"I don't want to say much about this game, but it is a great horror adventure game."
76561197991756070,Recommended,555220,33574046,Posted: 15 July,all,Jordy,This turned out to be much better than expected. Quite atmospheric and a good story. Puzzles are not complicated and fun to do.
76561197962473519,Recommended,555220,33593582,Posted: 16 July,all,Caff,"It plays fairly linearly, but the soundtrack is superb and the story is excellent - dark, disturbing and feels very real.  Reminds me of the Town of Light in emotional impact."
76561198011230833,Recommended,555220,29433001,Posted: 22 January,all,BaboRockRanch,Awesome!
,Recommended,555220,29416984,Posted: 22 January,all,pinupattack,"Detention was a riveting point-and-click story-focused game which is based on Taiwanese history and mythology. The gothic noir art style combined with the OST and storyline make for an interesting and engaging experience.I would definitely recommend this game, especially if you enjoyed The Cat Lady."
76561197964870930,Recommended,555220,29417329,Posted: 22 January,all,drummerjun,"Very beautifully done and none of that grotesque graphic, with an extremely powerful background story."
76561198108339524,Recommended,555220,29422631,Posted: 22 January,all,JoHu,"Great game!I was held back on playing this game because I thought I might get too scared to sleep at nightbut I couldn't stop once I startedAlthough technically only half of ""Detention"" is a hrror gameI feel they presented all the horror elements very wellGreat visuals and on point audios make the atmosphere very chillingI wish they release other stories under the background settings as DLCs好遊戲!本來一直怕晚上睡不著覺而不敢玩鼓起勇氣開始玩就停不下來了雖然""返校""大概只有一半算是恐怖遊戲但我認為它的恐怖元素做的非常好超棒的美術和到位的音樂讓氣氛個非常陰森希望以後可以出白色恐怖底下別的故事的DLC"
76561198081990964,Recommended,555220,29474388,Posted: 24 January,all,MineCraftGAMER,great game cant wait to do more on my gameplay seriers on this game :D great job
,Recommended,555220,29474623,Posted: 24 January,all,The Minotaur,"Detention is a 2d horror / adventure game taking heavy influence from Silent Hill 2.The game is a good length, with excellent environment and enemy designs.I don't want to say too much about it, but if it interests you I would strongly encourage you to give it a try."
76561198065664889,Recommended,555220,29497288,Posted: 25 January,all,lunacyfringe87,A fun puzzle click game where the user is able to hear a story about a teacher/student relationship in communist Taiwan. This game was not as interactive as I would like but provided a sense of suspense as well as easy puzzles in a dark multi-dimensional setting. The game was rather short in which only takes a few hours to complete. I would recommend this game (5/7) but buy it on sale.
76561198011864244,Recommended,555220,29495624,Posted: 25 January,all,Gaberade,Spooky becomes solemn becomes heartbreak.10/10:')
76561198041277705,Recommended,555220,29449920,Posted: 23 January,all,nifinlayson,"An atmospheric horror game in the vain of silent hill. The graphics reminded me of This War of Mine, and the side scrolling elements to match the point and click navigation. Beautiful and creepy at times, the game starts out strong in the horror element. Each enemy is designed well (I love the lantern holders), but the end sort of fizzles out. Great game and welcome change in tone and subject matter."
76561198171790865,Recommended,555220,29417772,Posted: 22 January,all,muzik503,Awesome!
76561198038628124,Recommended,555220,29417935,Posted: 22 January,all,Graham,"Awesome atmosphere and story, 10/10."
76561198047550151,Recommended,555220,29476290,Posted: 24 January,all,Newb,Great story telling horror game I have ever seen. Thumbs up!
76561198119815026,Recommended,555220,29525697,Posted: 27 January,all,Kevin,Awasome game with great music and highly metaphor
76561198324327515,Recommended,555220,29379140,Posted: 20 January,all,Walking problem,"9/10It was a fun 3 hours, however at the end I found it kinnda dull.The gameplay is very similar to Harvester Games's The Cat Lady."
76561198149478184,Recommended,555220,29350823,Posted: 18 January,all,Cookie Monster,This game is so scary!! Played it once and not sure to play it again haha maybe later in the future. But if you are not chicken like me I am sure it will have a awesome story line. I think it's the scary atomosphere with gloomy graphics that's got to me. I only got to one jump scare and that was the end of it. Just to terrifying!!
76561198035715068,Recommended,555220,29367777,Posted: 19 January,all,LuckySeal,"Worth the money. Great atmosphere, really drew me in."
76561198254493709,Recommended,555220,29387246,Posted: 20 January,all,bluegates,"It's a really nice game, I had a great adventure. Well done!"
76561198121393298,Recommended,555220,29381603,Posted: 20 January,all,Amata,"Dark, emotional and gripping. I found this game to be quite beautiful and immersive."
76561198308730672,Recommended,555220,29391227,Posted: 20 January,all,18300737329,Good!
76561198063108562,Recommended,555220,29391820,Posted: 20 January,all,charlieqinyang,very good storytelling
,Recommended,555220,29392485,Posted: 21 January,all,adamwen829,Awesome story
76561198359072823,Recommended,555220,29318730,Posted: 17 January,all,htt830303,Awesome!
76561198142499301,Recommended,555220,29344920,Posted: 18 January,all,Cub,IS GUD
76561197983845460,Recommended,555220,29347377,Posted: 18 January,all,0uts1der-,Spooky
,Recommended,555220,29345056,Posted: 18 January,all,Durex,nice game
76561198295478146,Recommended,555220,29561899,Posted: 29 January,all,allenlinli,Awesome game with fascinating atmosphere and story. And I miss the Taiwanese cultural elements so much! It's so nice that I can learn the history background with this game.
76561198054440689,Recommended,555220,29665948,Posted: 3 February,all,Æthelred the Unready,"This game is incredible, I loved it. Very scary, great tense atmosphere, and packs a very solid emotional punch.I loved this game so much that I'm writing a review for it. I've never written a review on steam before."
,Recommended,555220,29722525,Posted: 5 February,all,scottt.tw,Great sound effects make a great horror game! Skillfully blends the horror elements with its Asia during the Cold War historic setting to tell compelling story. Impressive level of immersion for a 2D horror/mystery game.
,Recommended,555220,29712079,Posted: 4 February,all,TrNeT,"Short but fun game with creative puzzles. Very dark themes, not for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,555220,29711247,Posted: 4 February,all,Grandpa May Cry,"Recommended,good horror atmosphere,good gameplay,good price,good story,Love it~wish to go visit the real place in taiwan soon!"
76561198359480901,Recommended,555220,29760510,Posted: 7 February,all,BananaChips,"Love love love this short but  tight horror game. The story, the lines, the atmosphere, the art style, the puzzles, everything has been executed so well! And that's the reason why I signed in Steam in the first place- to buy this game and enjoy it myself even after I already watched the playalong clip on BiliBili. We horror game fans do need this quality of a game rather than a bunch of clumsy nasty slouless cheapshit."
,Recommended,555220,29751449,Posted: 6 February,all,Pepe Silvia,"If you value some good storytelling, just play it"
76561198003367917,Recommended,555220,29580729,Posted: 29 January,all,LutzGo00,very good
76561198075064998,Recommended,555220,29620790,Posted: 31 January,all,WildPigOnBush,really well made game!!
,Recommended,555220,29742321,Posted: 6 February,all,Kafaw,"A phenomenal game, totally original and perfect in almost every regard. A must play for anyone interested in either storytelling through atmospheric gameplay or modern East Asian history. The puzzles are fun too."
,Recommended,555220,30122368,Posted: 23 February,all,灼熱Court Side Baller,incredible game
,Recommended,555220,30091665,Posted: 21 February,all,eforblue,"One of the most beautiful game I've ever played on Steam. Such an honest, painful story to cover the truth of the white terror."
,Recommended,555220,30092723,Posted: 21 February,all,Yattering,G O O S E B U M P SFreaking awesome horror game.
76561198097727278,Recommended,555220,30128012,Posted: 23 February,all,Azure,"Detention is an intelligent, thought-provoking, and extremely creepy adventure, that proves that survival horror can be more than just shooting zombies. The Setting of the game is very interesting and unique and the script is really well-written even though it is translated so it doesn't do the original text its justice. The puzzle-solving and supernatural creepy elements were really well done.Cons: Only around 3 hours long to finish with the last third almost giving up on the previously mentioned elements and focusing purely on the story.And the story is super super confusing once you get towards the end.Overall, I recommend this game for anyone looking for a short unique game to play in one sitting.8/10"
,Recommended,555220,29789763,Posted: 8 February,all,threewinds96,"There are no words to decribe how much I enjoyed Detention. The story, along with all of the subtle hints, made this game very fun and geniunely scary."
,Recommended,555220,29695789,Posted: 4 February,all,Groom,"Great atmosphere, cool visuals, great music and interesting story"
76561198143077869,Recommended,555220,30135814,Posted: 23 February,all,Kas,"A good break from other more convensional games and has some tricky puzzles.Story is pretty good too, I personally think this game was worth it."
76561198176585167,Recommended,555220,30136461,Posted: 24 February,all,Jacknife,"Best Asian horror game I've ever played with a well-written script and creepy BGM, and no intended shock through sudden sound effect or flash pic. A vivid view of that age in Taiwan, including distict local culture and era characteristics, is shown, perfectly fitting the whole weird atmosphere. The story is quite thought-provoking, and the scenes are all well-designed. It is a pity that the last section is not as complicated as the former ones. Overrall it's an amazing one beyond my expect. Hope that more Chinese games like this can be seen and more  foreign friends will like it."
76561198361357529,Recommended,555220,30226700,Posted: 27 February,all,alextanischang,"The game is close to what I have in mind for a ""Ida"" for Taiwan, as Ida tackled part of Poland's unwelcoming history with Jewish persecution, I was envious to see what Ida has accomplished (though I know it is not well-received back in Poland), the game Detention is a bold and remarkable leap in medium telling stories consisting of transitional justice, and it has great deal of suspense, good story telling and highly playable, way more than I deserved for simply paying about 300 NTD for it.The game far as I could say doesn't have the depth of Ida, rather an unilateral bash over country's past, and sometimes our protagonists' lines aren't that natural, if it indeed came out from mouth of student in her/his time, well, sure must have been inquisted, right, well, I don't know, it's more of game producer's raging thoughts than critical thinking, to me.Heard KMT ain't so happy about the success of the game and planned to do one rivaling it in the backdrop of Japan-colonized Taiwan, I genuinely welcome the idea (well it's rather flimsy since KMT is sinking deep least they wanna do is making a videogame isn't it).Anyway! That's about all, I wrote this in four am promoting this game already been well-promoted, jokes on my.... own doing of pettiness, ha."
76561197970665890,Recommended,555220,30227224,Posted: 27 February,all,Jimbob,"Great game. It's a bit like a point and click version of Silent Hill, set in Taiwan. Though it's only 2-3 hours in length the images and story will always stay with me."
,Recommended,555220,30208381,Posted: 26 February,all,BonanaQueen,"Believe the hype, this game has some excellent horror-story telling: A mixture of ancient beliefs/philosophy, drama and horror. The art and movement was similar to The Cat Lady but stands on it's own. Great scares and atmospheric tension with just a few jumps. A few safe zones so you can take a good sip of your wine, much appreciated. Huge bonus and props to the developers for creating a game with fantastic ambience that transfers you to a time you can only image to be as awful as it was.We need more games like this."
76561197967189787,Recommended,555220,30183522,Posted: 25 February,all,Phonyx §§,"Great game, Good story and  amazing atmosphere."
,Recommended,555220,30140692,Posted: 24 February,all,btlk.,"Very beautiful and touchign story. I completed it almost on a single breath. It surely is not the most sophisticated or challenging quest game, but it is top notch entertainment piece and I would definitely recommend it to the ones valuing the plot and visual components.The music and art gave me goose bumps as they were very beautiful."
,Recommended,555220,29417305,Posted: 22 January,all,YY,The game of Taiwan (10/10)
76561198302759049,Recommended,555220,30163022,Posted: 25 February,all,yurifeng1985,Good story!
,Recommended,555220,30295657,Posted: 3 March,all,Tan Malaka,"I have around 3~4 hours on this game, but for some reason steam isn't showing it.Perhaps it's because I played offline on my other PC (laptop).STORY:9/10The premise of the story was simple; however, the way it was told was clever. Detention placed bits of the story everywhere. It’s not in your face. It takes time to cipher. Then, it ends with a very satisfying closure. The choice of setting is fresh. The mix of historical aspects, morality and philosophy, with local folklore was very interesting.(I just recently found out that there were two endings: a “true” and a “bad” one. I acquired the prior.)GAMEPLAY:7.5/10The puzzles weren’t difficult, yet it wasn’t as easy as some people point them out to be.  I feel like they could be a bit more challenging. Fortunately, they didn’t ruin the enjoyment of the game by being roadblocks or detours for further progression.DESIGN:8.5/10The ambience is amazing. Detention did a superb job on sound design, creating an atmosphere that’s eerie and immersive. I know the art isn’t everyone’s cup of tea, but nearing the end of the game I was really fascinated by it. Hints on how to face monsters and other obstacles are presented in a way that doesn’t break immersion. The game mechanics on chapter four was also really interesting.-------------------------I stepped into this game blindly. I actually am not a fan of horror games. As I played this with my girlfriend I rarely touched the mouse. While I enjoy puzzles, I still get easily spooked by cheap horror stories. This isn’t a cheap horror story though.Highly recommended. Would play again if my gf took the controls, again."
76561198234091176,Recommended,555220,31336398,Posted: 24 April,all,ShallV,"It's an ok game but the puzzles are designed to be too easy. Nice story though, with some political contents in it. Love it."
76561197976632868,Recommended,555220,31235255,Posted: 19 April,all,Mexarjunior,"what a game !great survival horror (point & click style) !exotic environment (taiwan), it's a mix between silenthill and forbidden siren... not very difficult, indeed it's a slow game so the difficult is low, to better live the story.the visual choice is nice too..."
76561198271657774,Recommended,555220,31690368,Posted: 11 May,all,iromanova,"Such a vivid and atmospheric game! Loved just EVERYTHING about it!If you are a fan of horror games and(or) Chinese/Thaiwanise mythology (with a bit of history on the side) - this game is for you, my friend! Plus, the story really does make you fall for the protagonist of this wonderful in its very own ways game..."
,Recommended,555220,31686582,Posted: 11 May,all,MAKLUMAN!!!,go0od
,Recommended,555220,31596176,Posted: 6 May,all,The Real HecticHabib,"I have only played this game for a short a while but of the time I have played the game has been amazing, the story is good if not great, the point and click aspect I think makes the game what it is and if it wasn't there the game wouldn't be as good, and the art style is a great bonus too. The only thing I had a slight issue with my experience is it does get fairly slow at times especially when you have too go all the way back to the start, but other then that the game was a great experience. 10/10 <3"
76561198297993960,Recommended,555220,31637710,Posted: 8 May,all,wilso2mm,Amazing game... artsy.
,Recommended,555220,31641790,Posted: 9 May,all,catnaps,All I can say is the girl in this game has ginormous balls of steel
,Recommended,555220,34846227,Posted: 9 September,all,cute girls making cute plays,"The atmosphere, artstyle and music make this an enjoyable 3-hour ride.Story is solid. My teenage self would have probably called it deep and profound.Puzzles are mostly straightforward and simple.I recommend waiting for a sale, but it's not a steal at full price either."
76561198022679437,Recommended,555220,34878462,Posted: 11 September,all,Jikiliou,Wonderful story.Amazing Ambiance.Just buy it !
,Recommended,555220,34471157,Posted: 24 August,all,come on and slam,"Suprisingly spoopy, creates an environment that even blasting music in the background can't disrupt. It's good."
,Recommended,555220,34665868,Posted: 1 September,all,ChocoHorror,"Great atmosphere, compelling story, amazing art direction and music. One of my new favorites."
76561198363771773,Recommended,555220,34722697,Posted: 3 September,all,Vishura,Loved it!
,Recommended,555220,34715484,Posted: 3 September,all,CootaCoo,"Good atmospheric horror game. The tone changes midway through the game and it becomes less of a traditional horror game, but I didn't mind that because you start to find out what's actually going on in the story. It's a pretty short game so it might be better to get it on sale (I got it for $5 and I think it was definitely worth it)."
76561197990574799,Recommended,555220,34709329,Posted: 3 September,all,Enaz,"This is an amazing point and click adventure game with a little bit of a thriller vibe mixed in.I did not expect to get so engrossed in the story that I was compelled to finish it in one sitting, lucky it’s short :)It was an interesting window into another culture/era and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,555220,35149483,Posted: 23 September,all,vimcless,A great game.It has a deep content that does reflect.
76561197985525804,Recommended,555220,35166320,Posted: 23 September,all,thyrokio,"It's hard to explain why the game is good without spoiling anything, but I enjoyed exploring and slowly understanding the story that the game was telling.The imagery is powerful and disturbing (in a good way)."
76561198058684011,Not Recommended,555220,33866941,Posted: 28 July,all,jasfest,"please dont buy this game, dont, just dont, the only good thing the game has is the atmosphere and the art style, that is it, allow me to explain why the game doesnt manage to be creepy even, the biggest flaw that the game has BY FAR is that the  death mechanic shouldnt be there and its exploitable, many many times i have killed the character just to get to a place faster, there is no death, so there is literally no incentive to be careful or be scared of the monsters, its actually helpful most of the time because you can pretty easily save a minute killing yourself instead of going back to the place where you need to be, because all progress is saved all the time.(if you still dont understand what i mean let me put an example, if not, skip this part: lets say you are in a room, you dodged a monster in the room before the one you are in, you do a puzzle, and have to go back several rooms, instead of going back dodging the monster again, you can literally get out, let yourself be killed, and you will be teleported to the room you have to go, or very near, with all the progress saved, instead of having to go all the way back, that absolutely removes the immersion)the story tries to be all clever but absolutely fails at it, it drops way too obvious and way too many things repeatedly, which removes all the tension and intrigue, you already know what is going to happen for the next hour of the game,  and you have to bear the game beign all excited about itself ""i bet you didnt see that twist coming hahahahaha""and to finish off the puzzles, i love the design, and the solutions are really cleverly animated, showing gore, i really love the art on the game, but most of the puzzles are super simplistic and too easy to solve, and then there are crazy spikes on the puzzles, with some of them outright making no sense (the piano and the door ones comes to mind)and also, the game makes you go back and forth too much, its not fun having to dodge the same monster 8 times following the exact same patron, taking minutes to go from zone to zone, and having the usual ""that object is no longer there, uuuuuuuh spooky"" its just not a fun game, it sounds amazing on paper, and seeing screenshots of it, but when it comes to play the whole thing? ♥♥♥♥ that, seriously, dont buy it unless you are looking for inspiration for art design, or want to learn what not to do when it comes to... everything that is not art."
,Recommended,555220,29601580,Posted: 31 January,all,69Jon Snow,2spooky4me
76561198057790571,Recommended,555220,34795770,Posted: 7 September,all,gilamasan,It’s like SilentHill in Taiwan. What’s not to love?
,Recommended,555220,35069401,Posted: 19 September,all,Haniquin,I should not have played this at 1 in the morning.This game will totally give me nightmares LOL*Linger*
,Recommended,555220,35093218,Posted: 20 September,all,Cloudero,"I don't like horror games, but I like this game, a lot."
,Recommended,555220,35083298,Posted: 20 September,all,イカ焼きの女の子,"I'm going to go into some details in this game . The atmosphere setting is extremely detailed and intricate . The newspaper on the background can tell you when is it . It's music so eerie I have to volume it down to 2  to make it less scary . Even that , still makes the game a horror itself . The Chinese characters on the notes are used in the times during the 1950s , heck , the idioms on the auditorium too . I also really like during the start of the game , the notes at the start of the game tells you how to avoid the hungry ghost . To conclude , I recommend this game . STRONGLY ."
76561198216417784,Recommended,555220,35081267,Posted: 20 September,all,zhu_chengcheng,Like reading a nice-plot novel. Eastern style horror story.
76561197970887820,Recommended,555220,35087013,Posted: 20 September,all,Mandrake42,"A very solid horror game with surpising and thought provoking story.This is not really a survival horror, though you can die if you are careless. There are no real jump scares, unfair combat or ridiculously limited ammunition. Instead this game relies on atmosphere and pacing to keep you unnerved and unsettled. The story unfolds at a deliberate pace, slowly revealing what has happened to the main chracters over the course of the five or six hours it will take you to finish it. I won't say too much more about the plot. The game's blurb sums it up pretty well, horror game set in Taiwan in the 1960's when martial law as in place. It features some spooky ghosts from Taiwanese mythology. What I will say is that I really enjoyed the story and the whole thing finished in a place that left me thinking about it after the credits rolled.The graphics are quite nice for a small budget indie game and do a good job of bringing both the characters and the environment to life. The graphic style often opts for a kind of washed out look, like you have actually dug up a faded memory from the 60's and are looking back in time, and this works very well in setting the tone of the game.The music and sound effects are also excellent with the music being ominous when it needs to be and melancholy most of the rest of the time. The ambient sound is excellent and really helps add to the tension as the building creaks around you and unnevering and disturbing sounds can be heard off in the distance.At it's heart Detention is a ghost story with a solid plot that tugs the heart strings as much as it makes your spine tingle. It was a lot more thoughtful and melancholy than I was expecting from a horror tittle and that's a good thing.Recommended.8 out of 10."
76561198019778433,Recommended,555220,35095564,Posted: 20 September,all,Sapphire xD,Great horror story game
,Recommended,555220,35115289,Posted: 21 September,all,Gryphon,"Engaging and deep in a way only the East can deliver. A twisting turning tale which begs to be experienced, where the true horror is an all too real history."
,Recommended,555220,35380489,Posted: 1 October,all,ℒ超熊猫ℒ,"Absolutelylovedthis game, would definitely recommend this if you are seeking a game with a vivid experience with rich story that really engages the player."
