user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,555630,27813544,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SilentCaay,"Not a rogue-like but still a great game. The combat and level design are very rogue-like but that's where the similarities end. There is no permadeath here. When you die you retain your level, your stats, your magic and your important items. You also retain most of your progress since there are checkpoints every 4 levels that you can skip to after you die.The magic crafting system is kind of fun and the text parsing for naming spells works surprisingly well considering the rest of the translation is pretty bad. You pick up ""Anonymous Magicite"" and when you use it you get to give it a name. The effect of the resulting spell is determined by what you name it. Something like ""Holy Beam"" might give you a straight shot magic with the Holy attribute while ""Fire Storm"" might give you an AOE attack with the Heat attribute. You could also type in nonsense just to see what you get. There are tons of combinations of effects and crafting magic could be great fun except for one thing...In this game you don't have HP and MP. Well, you do except you use MP for magic, you lose MP when you take damage and you die when you reach 0MP. There are no typos in that sentence. ""So what the hell is HP for?"", you ask. HP allows you to regen MP. You lose HP over time and when you use certain types of magic. If you're at 0HP, you don't regen MP. So think of MP as your health except you're playing a brawler where you're only allowed to use those special moves that cost health and think of HP more like a hunger bar. This actually has a serious impact on playstyle...You see, you can't play around with magic much due to the health system. If you use high cost spells, you open yourself up to dying easily. If you use low cost weak spells, enemies can end up hitting you which costs you MP, anyway, so you should have just used stronger spells. Worst of all, if you're in a pinch you can't really do anything aside from teleport away. Heal yourself and you take hits which cost MP and then you attack back which cost MP and then if you don't kill all the enemies in one shot, they hit again which costs MP and you're probably dead. Basically, what it all boils down to is that you'll be running a very specific setup: your most efficient damage spell to exactly 1 or 2 shot enemies, a cheap ping to clean up anything with low health, a bomb in case you get overwhelmed and a wild card which could be a teleport, a heal or a protect spell. It's just odd how limiting the HP/MP system is considering how wildly creative the magic system is.Overall it's a great game as long as you aren't expecting an actual rogue-like and I do recommend it. It may sound like I complained a lot but it's more a matter of being confused by the design choices than anything else. It's a fun game for what it is. Give it a shot. Give it a Giga Frost Shot, in fact."
,Recommended,555630,30766213,Posted: 26 March,all,shifu tanz,"Story: You play as Usami Sumireko on a quest to return Marisa Kirisame's hat.Key Point: The gameplay is similar to the Fushigi No Dungeon(Mystery Dungeon) series. What's unique about this game is that you create and discover by naming magicites, then you can modify magic with levels and many stats to do everything at once or for one sole purpose. You will hop through levels like a ninja, become untouchable, and abuse the systems to defy every law. Loads of fun, surprises, and secrets...all mostly limited to these magicites. It's a game made by a couple of individuals so don't expect too much but for this unique fun system...if you're a nerd like me!Bugs: a lot has improved since release, chances of running into them are high, and once in a while it makes this game ""almost"" unplayable.Advice: restart the game.Conclusion: The ending is worth it as we get to see Usami and Marisa reunite."
,Recommended,555630,27923930,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Byakuren Hijiri,"A Magical High School Girl 101Find MagicitesLearn SpellsTrade Trash Spells for MagicitesHoard unidentified magicitesName spells.The algorithm for named spells is the greatest thing I have ever seen.'Absolute Zero' - Ice spell that freezes. So far so good.'Whirlwind' - Storm spell with high range and push. Alright, this system is pretty solid.'Sleep' - Ice spell that sleeps. Makes sense.'Barrier' - Damage shield'Cure' - HealGoes great... Until the algorithm is TOO accurate'Nagasaki' - Fire type bomb spell... There is no way this is a coincidence.10/10"
,Recommended,555630,26808393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☆❤☆ Blairyn ☆❤☆,"Firstly I've played the demo of this game before it came out and it is totally an awesome experience for me.If I explain the game in short it's a roguelike rpg that you can just use spells(tons of) to move much floors as you can. You have health points that is restored by milks and mana points that is restored by potatoes and stuff. Spells have elements(fire,ice,dark etc..) that counters(deals more damage) different kind of creatures.+ So what makes this game interesting or different?- You can name the spells that you've obtained and that spell gains effects in the way you've named it.(It's not random.For example same name I used for a spell in demo and the actualy game is same kind of ability with same stats) Also when you die you just lose the items that you've obtained.(milks,potatoes,gums) That means all the spells you've learned remains. Game's kinda progressive so that's great.Pros:+ Magical girl+ Premium potatoes+ Milk+ Magical girl+ Homemade potatoes+ Awesome in game music+ Godly potatoes+ Magical girlCons:- I don't think there is something bad about the game to be honest but if I should say at least a thing that would be game is lagging time to time.(Well I'm sure it'll be fixed since game just came out so don't worry about it.)Thanks for reading my review. Have a great day <3"
76561198160868511,Recommended,555630,28111067,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"A brilliant rogue like game made japanese doujin developer Illucalab,this game impresses thanks to it's cute and detailed sprites,original mechanics that add an interesting twist to the rogue like genre and an amazing spellcrafting system that allows you to create a seemingly endless variety of new spells."
76561197996866287,Recommended,555630,28111772,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,zemesouvien,"Played the game, found a blank magicite, did not know about the spell creation system.Named a spell DEEP SELF COMET, received a meteor on the face.10/10 this is genius."
,Recommended,555630,34048006,Posted: 5 August,all,Misaki,Unexpected gem with addictive gameplay. You can probably feel quite a bit of gratification if you play with gamepad. Very satisfactory.
76561198029566692,Recommended,555630,33085432,Posted: 1 July,all,QuantumQCB,"This is a really great little game. If you enjoy turn based rogue likes you owe it to yourself to give it a try.What makes it so great? Firstly, it has some really gorgeous sprites and art. More importantly though is the gameplay systems, at a glance its like most other rogue likes in this genre, but where it differentiates itself is in the magic system. You can create spells using 'Keywords'. This is where it gets really fun, tons of references and secrets as well as just a fun custom spell system centered around the 4 elements, and it works really well.If any of this sounds interesting to you please give it a try and support the developers, thoroughly recommended."
76561198072035662,Recommended,555630,28804241,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,zstorm99,"Solid game with a simultaneous turn-based system (similar to roguelikes). It is an RPG with a level system where the protagonist gets stronger as she explores the dungeon. Death removes your consumable items but your stats and magic remain. Other then staves (which you don't lose on death), there isn't really equipment in this game.Gameplay is pretty fun. The majority of your deaths are going to be your fault because you messed up or didn't prepare adequately. Interestingly, all spells in this game are cast from health. You have MP, which is used for your spells, except if it hits 0 you die. I've gotten trapped several times without enough mana to cast anything and died. I've also cast a spell that brought my life down too low and failed to kill the enemy and then I got hit and died.The spell system lets you create spells and name them, and the name determines the kind of spell it is. Putting ""Red"" or ""Star"" in the name gives you a fire-element spell, putting ""Beam"" or ""Arrow"" causes the spell to be an attack that shoots out in a straight line in front of you. It doesn't have that much variety and you'll probably see everything a few hours in but it's a pretty cool mechanic.Story/writing is basic and there isn't much. I wish there was more, as I liked some of the dialogue in the game and there's plenty of unexplored ideas in the setting like the origins of the witch world and the background of the other NPCs. Translation seems fine, the spell naming system works well and there aren't any bad typos or grammar errors that I can see.I would have preferred a manual or ingame bestiary that explains what the elemental weaknesses are. As it is, they get mentioned once or twice but not in too much detail and you have to figure most of it out yourself. They also say machines are weak to electricity but the only machine in the game is the tank which is a powerful late game enemy that didn't seem to be particularly vulnerable to electricity (or anything else really).Music only has like one or two simple tracks that repeat all the time, so not good, though the ending credit theme is a vocal song which sounds nice.Overall, a good game, relatively short and simplistic but worth trying if you're interested."
76561198041718469,Recommended,555630,27887152,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Anbetu,Naming a spell Kamehameha lets you fire one 10/10
,Recommended,555630,33836658,Posted: 27 July,all,Squidelit,"It's a cute roguelike rpg with a feature where what you name your spell determines what spell it is. It also has quite a bit of references such as the iconic ""Kamehameha""."
76561198242770026,Recommended,555630,29389469,Posted: 20 January,all,Crystal Goddess,"An interesting roguelike RPG with a cutesy anime look to it, and some humorous dialogue for good measure. The controls and gameplay are quite simple, which is a plus in this instance. The ability to name spells and have their nature affected by the name is a nice feature, granted I only got far enough to name my first spell, I'd say how it worked was very accurate for the name, I was expecting it to be random but a spell named ""Doom Blast"" being a powerful fire element spread shot-type spell seems pretty accurate to me, even if it did drain almost of my MP in a single use.Definitely recommended if you like quirky rougelikes and/or anime (magical girls in particular)."
,Recommended,555630,30326109,Posted: 4 March,all,Dangerous Beans,"Moe roguelike. The difficulty ramp is a little extreme, but the spell/name system is kind of fun.I can accidentally play this for hours, so watch out.There's a demo if you're unsure."
,Recommended,555630,33599542,Posted: 16 July,all,Midnight Tea,"Consider this recommendation as having a big asterisk next to the ""thumbs up"", because I was honestly on the fence about how strongly I actually recommend it. This game's story is going to become my go-to example for a work that needed more love. Because there is absolutely glimmers of brilliance in this game, with original ideas and a very interesting story concept.It's a roguelite about a highschool girl whom, every time she returns home from school, winds up taking a magical path through a dungeon. One based on the route back home. This is thanks to an unwanted blessing put on her by a witch who is seemingly trying to turn her into a witch. Can Akari sort out her feelings that cause her to be pulled into this world, or will she surrender her humanity and completely become a part of the witch world?That is a compelling story idea in my opinion, and certainly original a setup for a roguelike-type title! But the story doesn't really deliver on any of these ideas and a lot of what's happening has to be inferred because there aren't much in the way of story scenes or dialogue. Even the support characters in the form of the witches that Akari befriends in the game's main town aren't really given much chance to shine. I wanted to know not just more about them, but I wanted to see a lot more character development for even Akari herself. The story is very thin on the ground for such a great hook and it feels like they wrongly gave up on it.How about the gameplay? Well, I have to admit. It actually impresses me how much this game does a good job of teaching the player how to ideally perform best in a roguelike, without even so much as a tutorial to do it. You essentially cast spells and make all of your attacks using your healthbar. Your healthbar is easy to replenish with frequent healing item drops and a backup health meter that quickly regens it anyway, though itself depleting over time. The game becomes a matter of juggling your resources and thinking outside the box with the spells you discover to eliminate enemies quickly and efficiently, without putting yourself in too much danger.  (even a light breeze will kill you if you don't pace yourself with your attacks)   Because roguelikes at their core are about resource management and application as well as eliminating enemies quickly, this is a great game to build good habits with. The boss fights in this game are also, unusually for the genre, mechanically interesting and demand thinking out each turn. All this makes this game easy to recommend to people who are interested in designing a game in this genre. On top of everything else, it's also really interesting how you use words as seeds to discover new spells with different keywords have different effects. You get frequent chances to do this and it's one more form of permanent progression.Sadly, the game gets kind of grindy towards the middle and end. Eventually just having enough health to fight even the strongest enemies without being immediately knocked out becomes a matter of how willing you are to drive yourself into a wall over and over. Thankfully the game has a lot of permanent progression and very few truly rare items so it's not as frustrating as it could otherwise be, but with very little story payoff it doesn't feel rewarding to push through it.Nonetheless, I'm glad I played it and I found some inspiration in its ideas."
,Recommended,555630,27523090,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,esukI̳̲̻̫͔͑ͅ,"Craft and mix your own spells and vanquish your enemies, all while being a cute magical girl."
76561197993489407,Recommended,555630,27754571,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Divineredeemer,"Fun roguelike game.  The spell creation system is very interesting, and the game is quite challenging."
,Recommended,555630,27861254,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KireusG,I called my spell ''The World''It really works !
,Recommended,555630,29147186,Posted: 9 January,all,Dym0n CS.Money,Mahou shoujo Dym0n.
,Recommended,555630,28660590,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sploopers !,lithope theres more levels
,Not Recommended,555630,31960390,Posted: 25 May,all,FrostyP,"The game is unplayable for me, after launch the screen goes purple then black and won't progress past that point"
,Not Recommended,555630,30603143,Posted: 18 March,all,The Apotheosis of Pank,"This game kind of reminds me of Pokemon Mystery Dungeon, but not as good. I only played the first one on the DS when I was around 12 years old but that was a pretty good game. This game is not as good. It could use some polish, add more Pokemon Partners and change the level designs and other stuff to make this a cooler game. As it stands this is more kusoge than anything.It's kind of cool at least how you can name your magic and it works like a Minecraft World Seed and auto-gens stuff. But at the end of the day that gimmick can't save the game."
,Recommended,555630,28766547,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gelo Studio,"I loved the game, it's really entertaining specially the name your spell mechanic. I haven't played many games of this genre but this one definitely gave me a fun expirience.I also loved the aesthics of the game I believe that it helps you to continue playing even if you have died near the boss fight. By the way I find the difficulty on point.100% recommended"
