user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,555880,32316134,Posted: 10 June,all,Dr.Unfähig,"Sairento VR is definitely one of the best games available for VR and one of those that you can keep returning to.The movement system is probaly the best I've ever seen in a VR game! The game uses teleport jumps that give you an awesome feeling because flying through the air, activating slow motion  and shooting or slicing everything with motion controls is a hell lot of fun.The game is also very violent and bloody so if you like that this is a game for you (you can also turn blood off).At the moment there's no kind of campaign (planned for the future). Instead there are five different maps that you can play in different modes like survival, wave assault,... However the different modes don't have any relevance if you'd ask me because in the end it's all about just killing enemys. That's why I would like to see some objective-based game modes as well.There are different types of weapons like melee, pistols, rifles and shotguns available. You can improve those with relics that you get by playing.The game is in development at a small team but the updates keep coming and it seems like they're listening to community feedback as well.Sairento VR is definitely worth the current price tag of 22,99€ so if you own an HMD do not hesistate to purchase it."
76561197970535262,Recommended,555880,28586961,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BillyD,"One of the real purposes of VR is to make the player feel or do something they just can't in real life.Congratulations, you did it. I am a 56 year old freaken Time Shifting, Enemy Slaying, Ninja with Guns.Not only have you made me feel like a cool badass killing machine, I am also exhausted, so I got a good work out too.Just brilliant. Love it and can't wait to see how this progresses.But for now I need a sit down and  have a drink.Well Done."
,Recommended,555880,31037786,Posted: 9 April,all,Synth3D,"If Warframe and Raw Data had a baby and moved to Tokyo set in the future, that is Sairento VR in a nutshell.• The most responsive swordplay I have seen in the VR game, the sword hitbox is great• There are many upgrades for your character, the sense of progression is excellent• Beautiful cyberpunk setting and art style that immerses the player into the virtual world• The movement is extremely versatile, allowing you to change direction in a mid air jumpFeatures I would like to see added to Sairento• Co-op - This would make it a direct competitor with Raw Data if a co-op mode was well implemented into the game• Versus mode - The swordplay is excellent and it would warrant a versus or PvP mode especially with the levelling system• More difficulty - The enemy AI needs to have flanking maneuvers and a cover mechanism added• More environments - The Dojo hub is excellent, I would love to see more missions environments set in this virtual worldOverall, it is a worthy addition to the Steam store and with more content, it could become a strong contender for Raw Data in the coming months."
,Recommended,555880,28663634,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Avatar,"You reach max level pretty quickly - the max level is 20, and you gain about a level per mission. I'm kind of not happy that level 20 doesn't mean max stats, because it doesn't seem like there's any good reason to put in a level cap at all, except to limit replayability!The game is very easy - even on the harder difficulties. If you're looking for a challenge, look elsewhere. EDIT: I've made a mistake here - I didn't realise the game had an overall difficulty setting, which I think I set to NORMAL on the very first time I played it. After setting this to HARD or MASTER, the game becomes satisfyingly tricky. The ""difficulty"" I was talking about earlier is the challenge level of the missions, which has a rating out of 10 - not the game difficulty.EDIT Sep 2017: This game has come a long, long way since this review, and the game's difficulty has been completely fixed. Expect a solid challenge which encourages ample use of bullet time ""acceleration"".The reason you pick up this game is for the rule of cool. For the fun of jumping and firing your guns in bullet time, for taking double swords and slicing and dicing. I have to hope that later on in development, the swords require a bit of a swing before they kill - you can just teleport into bad guys with your sword out and they'll likely drop, and if they don't, a little bit of a wave will finish them off. For this reason, you can actually add a bit of challenge by using guns instead of the sword. I regularly used a gun in my right hand and a sword in the left to reflect any wayward bullets, which felt fantastic.Reflecting bullets using the sword is kind of cool and requires a bit of a knack to do it. You'll almost never be reflecting every single bullet."
76561198000901853,Recommended,555880,29551072,Posted: 28 January,all,JohnPoe,"Pros:-Super fun bullet-time hack-n'-slash-n-shoot gameplay.-Music is really cool. That combined with the setting gives a cyber-punk  almost deus-ex vibe that I dig.-They really nailed jumping. Double jumping, wall-running, and hopping off walls for a triple jump is incredible (now if I could just stop bonking my head on the ceiling.)-LOOT. Thank you for actually putting a carrot at the end of the stick. So many VR games leave out any sort of reason to keep playing beyond ""high score"" and that just doesn't spike my dopamine levels.-I can charge up two katanas with spirit energy and make them shoot out in a red X after jumping behind an enemy and saying ""...Nothing personal, kid.""Cons:-Like never before, I feel like I don't have enough playspace and the wire on my headset feels restrictive. Not really the game's fault, but I've beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my walls playing this.-Only two kinds of enemies thus far, three maps, very similar game modes, the usual EA problems. The devs goals of getting into stealth mechanics and proper levels eventually give me hope.-Total lack of story - and I feel that with this setting giving the character some, y'know character and a plot and such the game could go to the next level.All in all, about as good a game on the vive as you can get right now. Support this dev! They've got something truly fun already and it could turn into something damn special if they keep at it."
76561198052291034,Recommended,555880,34733236,Posted: 4 September,all,Arco (Azaiel),"I am really enjoying Sairento VR. Perhaps it doesn't have the nicest graphics around, but they are not bad either. The gameplay and replayability are where this game shines.One of its main features is its mobility. You have 3 basic ways: Teleport short distances on ground, walk in regular locomotion, or perform double and triple long jumps. The markers for these movement kinds are brilliant: Not only they show the destination, but also the trajectory (crucial for jumping) and what will happen once you reach your target (bounce in a direction, wallrunning, etc.). And they do that clean and efficiently.In spite of having many movement options, I haven't felt sick, though it's true that I have been playing with VR for a while.There are many different kinds of weapons and styles: You might want to dual wield swords, or two hard-hitting pistols, or maybe two fast paced SMGs. You can also mix them between themselves or add throwing weapons, bows, rifles or shotguns to spice things up.The objective of the game is basically eliminate all targets in a closed area in short matches/rounds that last for 5-10 minutes. The pace is high, as you are constantly moving to avoid being overwhelmed and killing frenetically. The action is intense, but it is alleviated with the introduction of bullet time, which is also one of the main features of the game. It is very satisfying jumping over a group of enemies, enable bullet time, and rain death among them.There are different maps to do so, and some of them have interesting features. My favourite is a highly vertical one with 5-6 stories high, where you are constantly fighting up or making crazy jumps down. Others however are more generic, and some even have a bit worse graphics than the rest.The difficulty is highly customizable: You can choose before each map how much health & damage the enemies will have and the amount that will apear. You can also add up to 6-8 random mutators to the map (enemies shoot more bullets, move faster, prevalence of a certain type of enemy, slow health regen, and things like that). These mutators also makes the map to provide more and better loot.And loot is also one of the things that keep you going on. Enemies will drop random loot, and the maps will have chests. These loots provide bonus to your weapons or to the different kind of armors you have (gloves, chest, helmet...).Also you gain experience and levels, which give you skill points that can be spent in several skill trees similar to the ones used in Mass Effect games. They provide bonus to certain kind of weapons, enhance movements, senses, health...The game is updated quite often, solving bugs, adding new combat styles or creating new enemies.The game has also its flaws: There are bugs (some enemies shoot ocasionally through walls, others get stuck in the environment, sometimes you get trapped in a loop of standing/crouching and have to move/teleport to remove it), lack of polish of certain maps, AI is a bit dumb, etc. Some of these problems are more apparent than others. It is an Early Access game afterall, and as such is still in development so everyone should be aware of that.Even with all its shortcomings and flaws due to the game still being developed, Sairento VR is highly enjoyable and replayable at this stage, and I don't hesitate to recommend it to everyone who enjoys good shooters. It is the game I still come back every day to play a couple of rounds, and has that ""Just one more round... and another... and another...."" feeling. It's a game with a really nice present if you want to play now, and shows even greater promise if you want to invest in it.Update 11/9/17: I am really glad to see how fast the developers are releasing patches and fixes (content as well). They are really active and responsive."
,Recommended,555880,31789805,Posted: 16 May,all,JCTrick,"Oculus fan. Own 150+ games/experiences between Steam and Oculus Home. I love this game. I have high hopes they go the distance and finish it. Hell, I hope it gets a sequel already. lolI wish good juju spread all over the devs."
,Recommended,555880,34033859,Posted: 5 August,all,Swank,"It's like Warframe meets The Specialists mod of yore meets Ghost in the Shell meets Shinobi meets Equilibrium meets The Matrix meets your wall as you flail about with a katana against a horde of flying geisha robots and cyber-ashigaru.Want to kill everything around you with a well-timed gun kata? You can do that.Want to really ruin some cyberdays with a shotgun in one hand and a lightsaber in the other? You can do that!Want to be the future Miyamoto Musashi, dual-wielding katanas and hacking legs off hapless bystanders while sliding between them? YOU CAN DO THAT!Seriously, there are two VR games I've played that, until playing them, I didn't realize were the games I've wanted since I was a kid. Star Trek Bridge Crew is one, and Sairento VR is the other. I really can't describe how good this game feels, and I can't wait for more content to be added.There are some cons, though:- It can be kind of wonky aiming straight up with firearms; I've been killed by inappropriate reloads a few times.- Enemies (namely the newest enemy type added with the most-recent (as of writing) update) can sometimes spawn in the level geometry, meaning you have to restart the mission. Only happened once, but it was annoying.Considerations:~ This is Early Access, so there aren't as many maps as there will be when the game is fully released. Same with enemy types. What is in the game, right now, is great, and I'm looking forward to seeing what happens with the direction of the game going forward.Seriously worth picking up, in my opinion."
76561198117885798,Recommended,555880,28519545,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,killemloud,There is a crashing issue in this game but I wont go on about it in this review because by now it is well known that it is an issue and the devs are likely working on it. The game is definitely better than some but that's not saying much being that all there really are are wave after wave after wave of wave shooters (pun intended) that being said this isn't much different other than a semi leveling system and loot incentive but essentially it is a variation of a wave shooter as far as the base gameplay is concerned. It's fun to have incentives through loot and leveling but I want to stress something extremely important to game devs out there. And that is this: STOP WASTING YOUR TIME MAKING WAVE SHOOTERS!! That's enough there is already enough.. just make games that are like any other good FPS game and put it in VR! That's what people want. DOOM 3 BFG and Half Life 2 are the best VR games I've ever played and they're not even technically VR games but they are games!  These VR games are not games they're just mindless boring experience with no incentive to keep going once we get the gist of it. Doom 3 and half life PROVE that conventional fps game build work very well in VR  with a few minor tweaks are incredibly fun in VR and also bring new life to the game they work extremely well and are very fun. Please devote your time to making games like this for VR instead of wave shooters or variations of wave shooters this is a horrible  VR trend that I hope dies out very soon. Other than that this game is ok for a quasi wave shooter so I'll give it a positive review for it being what it is .... crashing aside
,Recommended,555880,29468927,Posted: 24 January,all,Art,Finally i can try my Genji skills IRL.Must have VR game.
76561198075402136,Recommended,555880,28512414,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Flashgod,"Definitely interesting. I'm curious what time will bring. I wish there would be more sneaky ninja style mechanics, to clear a level almost unseen, unheard and more tactical."
76561197993554897,Recommended,555880,34143636,Posted: 10 August,all,zygoatboy,"In short, this game epitomizes for me the road ahead for VR and has been my most fulfilling VR experience to date.LOCOMOTION: A superb game that's growing sometimes by the day, no VR game has come close to Sairento's brilliant movement mechanics, allowing brilliant jumps, slides, wall runs and teleportations all with the added benefit of having bullet time at your whim and command.WEAPONS: A vast array of melee, projectiles and firearms allow you to personalise your specific ninja combat strategy. Specific teired relics allow further customization of how each weapon behaves and gives you a fair amount of power to tweak your loadout. Armour has a similar mechanic: eg. boots that give you an extra jump if you want to be above the fray spaying bullets down, or wall sticky boots that allow you to gain a static vantage point and snipe.LEVELING AND FURTHER CUSTOMIZATION: Recognisable exp. leveling system opens up into a moderate skill tree that gives futher personalization of how to take on the next level.BAD GUYS: At the moment there is a satifying amount of opponents with different skills and abilities that you face. By all accounts this is only going to grow.GAMEPLAY: The game is intuitive and the most fun I have had with my Vive. Felt a degree of immersion and ""bad-assery"" like no other. Leaping into a group of Bushi's dual wielding SMG's, dodging bullets, slowing down time to draw my sword and decapitate the unlucky gunman behind me upon landing. There should be laws against this level of fun.SINGLE PLAYER/ CO-OP ETC/ CAMPAIGN: Multiplayer is apperntly on the cards, though as of writing this it is not yet instituted, and although there is no explicit story driven campaign yet (apparently planned though), the structure of the game has kept me returning through level 1 through 100 and back to do it all again. Trying new load outs, questing for that next legendary relic, changing up my skills, all compelling reasons to revisit.LOCATIONS: As of writing this there are about six locations to stage your fights. Stand out ones are a huge street level with alleys and rooftops, and a train station with randomized rooms, A hall with a fun verticle dynamic. At the moment this is an area that needs to grow, as one gets a bit of fatigue revisiting the same places, but with the developers experimenting with procedural level generation, this shows great promise.Solid 9 out of 10, with room for improvements with upcoming updates and the full release.If you don't have it, buy it. That's only if you like ridiculous amounts of fun of course."
76561198092678368,Recommended,555880,33478624,Posted: 12 July,all,ptdean82,"I bought this quite a while ago in early access and wasn't impressed. I'm glad I checked on it again, because they have really smoothed out this game into an incredible experience!"
,Recommended,555880,32481815,Posted: 16 June,all,zxyra,"To preface, I don't like shooter games- this is the first shooting game I have ever purchased in my life. I bought this because the Matrix and Kill Bill are two of my favourite movies, so I was intrigued by the prospect of fighting in bullet time, and I've discovered things I normally never would play are totally fun in VR. Took a little bit to learn the ropes, but it's been very fun and I have to say this is one of the most unique games I've played in VR thus far. I normally hate games with teleport, but the way it was done in this game feels so sci-fi and cool, and I was totally delighted to discovered the jumping off the walls mechanic. The feel of the haptics when reloading the gun is really cool and I had another moment of delight discovering I was equipped with swords and could slice my enemies in addition to guns. I love that the developers gave menu options for specifics with graphics, controls, and gameplay. Things like having a full-body avatar are not enabled by default but definitely improves the experience. One caveat, if you are someone who experiences VR sickness/nausea this game might be a bit intense. If you are lucky like me and invincible to motion sickness, you are going to love the Matrix-like gameplay mechanics. I'm looking forward to seeing where this goes out of early access."
,Recommended,555880,32904002,Posted: 27 June,all,Sp0kzy,Insanely fun and engaging. Controlls are smooth and I have yet to expierence a crash. Can't wait for more content to be released!!
,Recommended,555880,34139021,Posted: 9 August,all,S,"Its a good game. Honestly, it is. Before it was rather boring after a while and felt way too easy but after all of these updates, the game got more challanging and had even more to give to the player. If you have an HTC Vive or a rift, this game is a MUST HAVE for your VR Library."
,Recommended,555880,30342244,Posted: 5 March,all,aneely,"This is a gem of a game. I installed it last weekend and my legs are sore from all the pivoting and crouching. I like FPS-style games and have had fun playing Bullet Sorrow, Raw Data, and John Wick. But the movement system in this game is the best I've tried for a VR FPS to date and really puts this game ahead of the other titles in this genre. Instead of simply teleporting around, you jump like a ninja and can land on things or bounce off of them and redirect in mid-air. When you land, if you crouch, you slide for a bit.Once you get the hang of this, you start thinking like a ninja with a sword or swords in hand and instead of running from the bad-guys you start hunting them and cutting them down in a series of graceful and deadly movements that make you feel like a real bad♥♥♥♥♥ Imagine leaping halfway across a room towards an enemy, landing into a crouching skid just in front of him, and slicing him through the middle as you glide past in a pose like the protagonist of a martial arts movie.There is a decent variety of weapons to pick from and the guns are fun. But without a doubt, my favorite way to rip through a level is with a sword in each hand leaving a pile of bad-guys diced up like so much sushi in my wake. Highly recommended and worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,555880,29074680,Posted: 6 January,all,Karagoth,Got so immersed in being a cyber-ninja that I forgot that my bounds were drawn with a proper reason. Would stab TV again 10/10 no jk.
76561198259331201,Recommended,555880,29081539,Posted: 7 January,all,Ghosteca,"If you have a Vive, get this game.I think this is my first Steam review, yep I had to do it for this game. It's by far the best VR experience I've had so far. The gameplay is really fun and smooth. It's very rewarding once you get the hang of it.The game is obviously early in development, and there are bugs, but it has a very solid core. Once this game is fully released I can see it being praised as one of the first real classic VR games.I can't wait to see what the devs can do with this, and I'm looking forward to putting more hours into it."
,Recommended,555880,31091321,Posted: 11 April,all,Craig1287,"I have played a lot of solid VR shooters like Raw Data, Robo Recal, Arizona Sunshine, Serious Sam, Onward, and more, and while I have really enjoyed my time with all of them, Sairento is still possibly my favorite one. It has a ton of replay value with the semi-RPG elements that remind me of Borderlands and Shadow Warrior 2. You can customize your lodout with plenty of gun and melee options as well as your armor (helmet, chest, wrists, belt, and feet) and then you can augment each weapon and armor with mods, or relics. In addition to the loadout, there are three skill trees that increase your standard things like health, health regen, ammo storage for specific weapons, loot pick-up range, enemy radar, loot radar, etc... but then there's the movement and abilities that really help to turn you into a badass ninja.What really makes Sairento stand apart from other shooters is the movement system/s. I love playing Warframe, and Sairento is basically a first-person VR version of Warframe, or at least the closest thing to it for VR right now. You can dash towards enemies, shooting at and slicing through them as you dash, or you can jump onto or over them, or you can wall-run pass or through them, you can jump and then trigger a double jump to a new direction, and you can even complete a landing of a jump with a combat slide and melee or shoot while sliding. In all of these actions, you can trigger a slow-motion effect if you want to really take your time in pulling off a solid headshot or lining up the perfect downward thrust of your blade down the spine of an enemy. Recently, they answered the requests of the player base and added touchpad locomotion, similar to what you're seen in Onward. This really, really helps with the melee allowing you to stealth a few enemies quietly before catching the attention of all the enemies.The options are also well done. For audio, the music, effects, and UI are on their own sliders. For visuals you can increase (or decrease) the super-sampling level. Then you get into controls and there's a lot. You can pick your dominant hand, you can use a simple movement system or go to the advanced one and this is where you can control how sliding works, enable confort settings for teleportation, movement speed of the touchpad locomotion,  linking touchpad locomotion to head oe controller orientation, and much more.  They've really knocked it out of the park with giving players options and controll over their experience.It's not perfect as the enemy variety and location variety could be improved, but it's got enough gameplay and locations so far that it's enough to give you a few hours of entertainment before you notice these things.5/5 Easily one of the best shooters for VR."
76561197976977811,Recommended,555880,29305396,Posted: 16 January,all,Lying Cat,"I'm using a GTX 980 Ti with hybrid cooling, currently not overclocked.In truth, there isn't a lot of content here yet, but what's already there shows a lot of potential. I get occasional performance hiccups after about an hour of gameplay. The combat is very exciting and satisfying, and the unique locomotion system gives me no trouble with regards to motion sickness, which is a problem I have with some(but not all) games that use Onward locomotion.All in all, this is a very promising early access title, and in my opinion one of the best games for extended VR play at present. As most SteamVR games feel unfinished currently, I can overlook the areas where this needs some improvement and I can confidently recommend it to anyone looking for a solid action game."
,Recommended,555880,33202289,Posted: 3 July,all,yeoua,"I had already played several action VR games, so I gave a pass to this one for a while until the Summer sale. Was absolutely blown away by how good it was. Absolutely worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,555880,33085344,Posted: 1 July,all,jdbuck30,"Imagine being a ninja, leaping for wall to wall, slashing yor swords throw your enemies!Imagine no longer as this game make you feel like you are doing just that!"
,Recommended,555880,31963513,Posted: 25 May,all,Bartuby_jones,Love this game! My favorite is flying through the air in slow mo as I slice and dice! Plus the mid air slow mo shooting is amazing and I really feel like I can aim my weapons well!The developers are great with listening to the community and are clearly working hard to continue giving one of the best VR games on the market!Things can get a little repetitive but there is going to be a story added and the price isnt bad for what it even has now!
76561198027095004,Recommended,555880,31710381,Posted: 12 May,all,ArynBergman,The locomotion in Sairento VR is the best so far in VR and the action is incredible.  Lots of fun to play and can't wait till the full version is out.
,Recommended,555880,34102869,Posted: 8 August,all,hiandthemoon,"22 Hours so far, and I wish I had more time to play this masterpiece. It is the BEST VR game ever made, and with the rate of updates, it will probably stay that way. I downloaded this game as soon as it came out, and stopped playing it for a while because at first it was good, but not amazing. And then a flood of updates came, and they have never stopped. 10 years from now, everyone will be talking about this game as the GOLD standard of VR."
,Recommended,555880,31901831,Posted: 22 May,all,Pizza The Hutt,"Must Have.My best VR experience for now. The immersion is great and you feel like a total badass.I got around 30 VR games on steam and this is the one i keep returning to and showing my friends. Its also the one my friends like best, but one of them got motion sickness from the jumping.If you own a vive/oculus and don't hate guns, this is a must buy !EDIT: Even a rapid respone from the developer. Everyone should support this !"
,Recommended,555880,29599107,Posted: 30 January,all,KirUn,"Too limited in terms of replayability after getting cap level. Got 30lvl, have hundreds of thousands money, which I can spend nowhere (relic shop is pretty useless), missions give nothing but useless relics for most part.Apart from that, this game in top3 VR experiences. I had so much fun for ~6 hours before reaching cap.Shooting in slow-mo, making skills placed right, customizing weapons with relics in effective manner...And super nice movement system (nonrapid teleportation or something like that).It is in early access and I hope it will get better.PS Also, great soundtrack.PSS If you are playing this, I recommend to set difficulty in options a bit higher"
,Recommended,555880,31954761,Posted: 25 May,all,Zinnin,"I wanted to do a quick review to counteract some of the recent negativey that started with the 0.2 patch.This game is amazing, the movement is completly different than any other VR title I've played. It's extremely fluid and rewarding. Doing double jumps, wall runs, slides, and even just using touch pad movement to chop a guys head off is super fun.There was some changes in 0.2 that didn't live up to what the game was before the patch, however the developers have been incredibly vocal and quick on addressing those concerns. I fired up the game again last night and was pretty annoyed by the fact that I had to go to sleep and stop playing.Overall i'd say this is an excellent title and is well on it's way to becoming one of the VR greats that we'll remember fondly years from now when we look back at the first generation of VR."
76561198030519086,Recommended,555880,28606367,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Trogdor,"Hands down my current favourite game for the Vive at this time... And thats a bold statement given the size of my game library!  Great graphics, great presentation, great environments - so far so ""I would hope so"", but what this game gives you more than any other game is the feeling of actually being a super friggin bada$$!The teleporting/swift-movement makes you feel like a super speedy scifi ninja - the ability to arc it upwards for a jump move (or double jump in the air) works amazingly well - the slowmo gives you just enough of an advantage to pull off some siiiiick moves - and i swear from the first moment you slowmo dive shoot a guy on a platform in midair, land below, sword swipe his friend who just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time - and THEN see the first guys body fall down the balcony and land in front of you - you'll be hooked!Theres only 3 maps at this point (so be mentally prepared) and even with the varied mission types they all essentially equate to survive and kill all the enemies - but gawd this has some slick style.  I love the Paydays 2 style mission select screen and the random loot drops and talent tree/weapon augmentation upgrades give plenty of replayability.  Buy it now. If it was to be dropped by the dev at this point it would be a tragedy - but youd still have one helluva fun game to come back to.  If the Dev keeps on updating with new content (maps/enemies/mission types/weapons/multiplayer?) this will be one of THE definitive games from the first year of Vive gaming."
76561198003867406,Recommended,555880,31008493,Posted: 7 April,all,god_of_cheese,"This game is why i bought the HTC vive. It showcases the possibilities and excitement of playing VR and hopefully the VR game developers can learn from Sairento. The controls are smooth, the guns are cool, the combos are awsome, slow motion is on point and the game is beautiful. This is a must for any VR newcomer and enthusiast.Disclosure: even though the game is awsome, it requires time to get use to as you will probably get light motion sickness in the beginning like I did but it gets better with time."
76561198110956269,Recommended,555880,30401009,Posted: 8 March,all,Novatank238,well i dont know were to start from the gravity defying slow motion sword fighting to the epic parkour and combos this game is a thrill to play i love whats to come next
76561198020445786,Recommended,555880,33452469,Posted: 11 July,all,M1ng0J1ng0,"9.6 out of 10A game purely about living the dream of becoming a superpowered Hollywood badass assassin. The production values of Sairento are as good as any of the best VR titles I've played; the controls, movement and weapons are perfectely implemented.There's little point describing the game, watch the video. If you like what you see you'll enjoy the game as it's a true representation of the gameplay. Kill stuff, kill more stuff, and kill in style for that cherry on the top badassery feeling.Worth £18.99. Yes. Where many other VR titles fail to really give you value for money, Sairento comparably exceeds it's ticket price. And importantly for a early access game, updates are very regular so you can be certain this will get a full release in due course. By the way it's already awesome in early access."
,Recommended,555880,34198708,Posted: 12 August,all,Chicken$#it,"Fantastic Game. Buy now game IMO; 10/10Truely makes you feel like a badass cyber ninja. In its current state its a go to every VR night game. Just to drop in an run the set of stages. I can do acrobatics and wall runs IRL; so finally having a game where I do them while shooting guns, bows, throwing weapons or sword slicing is a dream come true.This game (at time of writing) is in Early Access; and the developer pushes out updates basically daily. These updates constanly fix the minor bugs which do appear, while typically introducing something new.The full release is said to have a campaign, coop and multiplayer. At time of writing; this game is stages of waved enemies, survive so long, or variation on that. In its current state; easily worth the price. For the future projected state; this is a buy now recommendation. (and I basically always say wait for sale)Graphics are fantastic IMO. Levels each have their own unique feel, verticality and design. I like the enemies are varied, and are starting to have buffed versions being thrown into the mix.Currently as usable weapons there are:- (3) swords- (3) pistols- (1) smg- (2) shotguns- (3) Rifles- (3) throwing weapons- (1) Bow.*they add weapons all the time; so this list will likley be growYou have (5) carry locations on your body. Some having restrictions on weapon pinning (i.e. no rifle on your hip holster)There are I think (5) current stages; but they add new ones montly it seem. Each stage feels like it's own location, offering differy ways to play through it. The latest level is huge, and offers massive verticallity; in VR this is just awesome. Plunging 8 floors down to slice through a Geisha, stab down into a sword man, and let loose a slice attack that cut through 2 snipers meters away is something everyone should experience."
76561197983163764,Recommended,555880,34202204,Posted: 12 August,all,BurnTheHorses,"Possibly the best VR game yet honestly. It didn't work too well a few months ago, but it seems like the Oculus support is in and it works really well. Like. God this game is so good."
76561198056183394,Recommended,555880,31888906,Posted: 21 May,all,Mozpow,"This game gives you such an amazing experience where you're playing and slicing your way through enemies! The jumping mechanism actually sends you into the sky briefly, and that gave me such a fun feeling, and picking my weapons from my back or hip was very well integrated with a variety of weaponary. You can choose the type of sword or swords you can carry, to rifles, pistols, shotguns, etc. I also though it was a very nice touch to have the playable character fully rendered, meaning when I looked down, I could see my characters body such as the feet, legs, etc. I can't wait to see what else this game developer has in store for this very fun game."
76561197969771984,Recommended,555880,28857849,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Praxis,"Post Review Edit:Yep my instincts were correct and this is so much fun it's well beyond funny. What a trip once dashing, jumping and weapons come into an orchestra of doom. It is like dancing. There is a rhythm to it.Terrific. This is going to set the bar for a lot of games to come not so much in story or progression but in pure unrivaled VR mayhem. There are a lot of glaring flaws as it is early access, however, this reminds me of when I first met Quake 3 more than 15+ (gosh) years ago.It's that kind of unbridled fun.I can't wait for multiplayer competitive if that is even on the table. I'm going to die so much and enjoy every kill even more. Multiplayer co-op is a no-brainer.Looking forward to many more great elements that expand and compute with an exceptional core idea.The gameplay is simply divine (once you get the hang of it and it's intuitive indeed).Consider Quake, Half-Life, Dark Souls, Rocket League... past and modern instant classics.  That is how good the nougaty core of this game is. I wait with baited breath."
,Recommended,555880,34095009,Posted: 7 August,all,Trolino,This game is easily one of the best on Vive. Buy it if you haven't.
,Recommended,555880,31908302,Posted: 22 May,all,Floyd Collins,"It's decent and developers are quick to fix issues.However, if you're gun junkie like me, you probably won't find much fun - ammo is very, very limited and gameplay is focused around swords and melee.Thumbs up for good overall design & idea, but this is clearly not my type of game.UPD: Actually, after some time trying it feels pretty nice. I managed to find decent upgrades for guns (using akimbo revolvers and SMG) and i mostly use sword to deflect incoming bullets & kill melee opponents, but overall gunfight is OK."
,Recommended,555880,32754862,Posted: 24 June,all,Gundaim,"This has to be one of the most fun VR games I have played.  Live all your childhood fantasies of being a jedi or a ninja, what more could you ask for? The movement is also very different from any other game that I have played, and it is absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,555880,33023167,Posted: 29 June,all,antiPLUR,"TFW you load up Sairento for the first timeiTunes spontaneously starts playing ""Inner Universe"" by Origa in the background because you had it queued while downloading the gameyou switch one sword to reverse gripThe chorus starts to playand you say ""I know what I have to do....""10/10"
76561197978156557,Recommended,555880,34150298,Posted: 10 August,all,Cutter,"This is a really incredible VR game.  Forget everything else - this one lets you do everything: great gunfight mechanics, melee combat, bullet deflections, ninja throwing weapons, archery, bullet time, leaps and wall-runs, talent trees, weapon mods, interesting loot to hunt, an engaging difficulty curve with good risk/reward choices, and fun cyberpunk bad guys and enviornments.Oh yeah.  And did you see that 1983 movie Krull?  Yeah - you get that thing too.http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_mpBGa4P5jUo/TNQALPcbguI/AAAAAAAAFzQ/59q-x3tl98Q/s1600/krull6.jpgI mean - what else do you need?  If they find a way to add in a T-Rex, my computer is going to explode in a shower of sparks and sweet guitar riffs, then tranform into a robot hero and fly off to fight crime and rescue the Space Princess of Saturn."
76561198005587074,Recommended,555880,28529789,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ShotGunGuy,"I never knew I had such mad ninja skills in me!!My son and I just love this new game, its pretty darn fun andmakes us feel like A total bad a$$"
,Recommended,555880,33028380,Posted: 30 June,all,Tomcat94,"As much as I've played Sairento VR since I've bought it, I think it's finally time I left a review for it. This is one of the best games I've played in VR, and it's the one game out of my entire VR library that keeps me coming back for more.The gameplay is superb; it allows for a high degree of customization for your preferred playstyle. Want to get up close and personal with your enemies? You can slice your enemies in half with a build suited to melee combat. Want to keep your distance and rain down on your enemies with a hail of bullets? You have an entire armory of weapons to choose from to dispatch your enemies with ease. The game is just plain, unadulterated fun. You're rewarded for finishing off your enemies in style with perks and upgrades that increase your experience gain from doing things like blocking bullets with your sword.The devs are very active as well. I posted a list of issues I had after an update and two days later, the devs pushed out an update fixing the things I mentioned in the bug report. It's very evident that they care about their game and want it to be the very best it can be. Don't let the early access tag scare you off, the devs really do watch the forums, listen to their fans, and shape it from the feedback they recieve.This is one of the most fun games I've played in VR. I can't recommend it enough, and especially with the amount of content and the amount of effort the devs are putting in to make the game as fun and accessible as possible for everyone."
,Recommended,555880,28513276,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"My specs: GTX 1070/FX 8320/16 Gigs RAM/HTC VIVEPretty fracking fun !!! You will feel like a badass ninja in this game. It has easy locomotion and advanced locomotion that has jumping attacks and movements. You can ""double jump"" also which is basically changing your landing spot while in mid air. You may feel a little queezy with the sprint as they have a fast effect when you use it but after playing for a while I adjusted to it. When you are in the action you are not really paying attention to the effects much unless stabbing someone after sprinting at them. I didn't know about this game before today. Glad I jumped on this. For the more hardcore players it has harder difficulties. So far there are 3 maps. Two game mode types. You can kill people while in movement which is cool. And also kill while you are jumping in the air. If you like instant action this is it. It is not hard for people to pick up. The graphics are pleasing too. Any issues I had are in discussions. None that make me want to refund it. I say buy this and try it out. Help give the devs some ideas as well as fixes and tweaks. This definately has a lot of potential with a ""new"" VR play style. Enjoy.I'll have video up soon:https://youtu.be/Bn0X89PEHWQ"
,Recommended,555880,33410008,Posted: 9 July,all,ham shot FIRST,Have you ever wanted to be a ninja?Have you ever wanted to be a ninja with guns?Have you ever wanted to be a ninja with guns in the future?Have you ever wanted to be a ninja with guns in the future and feel like you're also IN The !@#$%^& Matrix?!?!?SARIENTOIf you combine the built in teleport-jump-slide mechanism with trackpad locomotion there is no feeling quite like it. You are a ninja. I actually ran into the other room to tell my girl how amazing it was to slide through killing four enemies. I feel like a kid again. Long live VR!
,Recommended,555880,34425539,Posted: 22 August,all,Lolindir Fox,"I fully reccomend Saiento VR! It should be in all VR librarys! I've owned it sense very early accsess and the Devs keep improving and expanding this game with more levels very unique levels and strait up FUN! It's one I kept coming back to but hadn't played it sense they first incorperated the slide mechanics and when wall runing might have first come out, but I had built a new system and hadn't put this one on for a bit and recently went back in to play it and it's amazing how much they've added sense I've played before... armor was new sense I had played the slide mechanic has improved a lot, and I love the new calibration options sense I had played made everything much more smooth and natural. It was well worth it at the price point of where it was and with all that is added this new price point is still well worth it with all the content that has been added, I feel the Devs really care about this project!"
76561198075349330,Recommended,555880,28994666,Posted: 3 January,all,Shadow96LU,"This game is really a blast if you set it on the hardest difficulty. The sword is a bit overpowered since you can just aim it in the direction of the enemy and teleport into them. The only time the guns work better are on enemies with more health. Personally I reccomend using only one weapon and using the other hand to teleport/slow down time, it really makes you feel like a ninja or a gunslinger without being too overpowered. This is just what I did to make it even more fun and challenging for me, overall its a great game for VR!Update: As of the Jan 3 update, this game is officially amazing and much more difficult since the enemies with guns are much more aggressive. Love it!"
,Recommended,555880,32072779,Posted: 30 May,all,warchaser9,"EARLY EARLY ACCESS! Very alpha right now. Lots of bugs, but the devs are fixing them daily and are very active in the community so that helps a lot!This game has lots of neat concepts like random loot/upgrades/skill tree (took out briefly but will  be back). The lack of variety leaves the game kinda feeling a little dull, but I think that something that will come as the game get's further along in development."
,Recommended,555880,29508025,Posted: 26 January,all,Coffee Bean Boy,Great game with a great new update. cant wait for more from one of my top vive games.
76561198289877342,Recommended,555880,32262056,Posted: 7 June,all,Knytron OMEGA,Get this game best action experience on HTC Vive if you like to dismember ligaments in one of the most sadistic ways possible in slow motion go ahead and support these devs.
76561198059513330,Recommended,555880,33153292,Posted: 2 July,all,jeep,Awesome game.  Hope it keeps getting better!!
,Recommended,555880,32007721,Posted: 27 May,all,GreenFireToast,"lots of fun and they update consistently with significant changes coming every now and then. Roadmap looks good and the game is already fun, worth the price for sure"
76561198311763498,Recommended,555880,34179413,Posted: 11 August,all,Trevorkian,"edit, so i had an option selected that was retarding my game it was the instant port to location blink. this prevents you from jumping or sliding or dash once i turned this off the game became even more amazing than i had even imagined I can now wall run slide jump it really enchanced the game.point 2 i just changed a word into a verb. i opened the door and the mobs unloaded on me i returned fire and it went to slow mode i could see the bullets coming and i fell to the floor and unloaded and killed the mobs, then i said to myself;""I just matrixed!"" i literally performed the famous seen from the matrix in real life/vr it was mind blowing. this game is unbelievableI rented this on viveport i really enjoyed it so i bought it i had no idea the full version would be so much better than the rental version and i loved the rental version. The controller layout for the vive is unbelievable its flawless and instinctual and i was so happy to see a bow in the full version its one of my favorite weapons to play with. Overall i love this game i highly recommend it"
76561198210825580,Recommended,555880,28525592,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,B1azingChaos,"So i'm just going to flat out say that this is without a doubt one of my favourite VR titles available.Even though the game is in Early Access it is incredibly polished and really fun to play. It has enough unlocks to keep you coming back for more and these can range from new weapons, relics for stat boosts and even special colours for any weapon. Combat wise, it is incredibly fast and fun and catters to different play styles such as run'n gun and duel weilding swords and many more. One of my favouret things to do is upgrade the swords bullet deflection skill and then just run around slicing anything in my way."
,Recommended,555880,31759268,Posted: 14 May,all,Kathumandu,"A fun shooter that has a decent veriety of maps, weapons, and enemies. While very much still in early access, it ends up being quite a bit of fun. I look forward to seeing where this game goes as launch gets closer..."
,Recommended,555880,31978275,Posted: 26 May,all,re,"Want to be a cyber ninja or feel what it's like to be the main character in an action movie? Sairento  ticks all the boxes and is hands down THE best VR game available.The team behind Sairento are continually updating and tweaking the performance, content, skills tree, movement, enemies and weapons with more to come in the future. Every patch and update is a pleasure to explore with more ways to take down the brutal enemies the game throws at you with an ever growing combination of skills and weapons to spec yourself out with. Plus the developers listen and communicate with the players which is vital in the early years of VR.I've played on Oculus Rift and Vive clocking up some serious hours of play and both platforms work perfectly with both sets of controlers mapped how you'd expect.If you want a challenge and eager to play a game which continues to get better because of the love and care the developers have for their product then invest now!Sharpen your blades, load up on guns and go kick♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198014832940,Recommended,555880,34019378,Posted: 4 August,all,Mr. Orange™,"Sairento VR is the absolute must own for VR!! You get to jump, slide, shoot, throw, and slice your way through a futuristic set of levels, taking out robotic samurai, (and robot Geisha, reminiscent of the ones from Ghost in the Shell.)  You can do double, (and triple once upgraded) jumps, wall running, and crouch sliding. You can slice enemies in half, cut limbs and heads off, and generally just be a badass female ninja.  The movement mechanics are groundbreaking, and with a little practice actually cure your motion sickness that a lot of VR games can give you. But the best feature in this game is the slow motion bullet time. This allows you to take out multiple enemies while in mid-air, and see the bullets coming at you so you can dodge them. At the time of this review, the game is in early access, and already it is a well polished game!! The developers are frequently doing updates, and they are HUGE! (They recently added a bow, with shoots BEAUTIFULLY!) Sairento is going to be the standard by which future VR games that feature jumping and travelling will be judged. I can't recommend this game enough! Well done to the developers. You have made something VERY special here!!"
,Recommended,555880,31974336,Posted: 26 May,all,TheKK2142,"+Most exciting movement in VR+Slow motion+Good weapon variety+Best sword usage in a VR game+Great Dual WieldEarly build but still great, it's updating with new stuff still - if you've got a Vive, buy it."
76561197991621637,Recommended,555880,34941166,Posted: 13 September,all,airforceboy49061,Out of the  50 some VR games I've bought this is the absolute best!
76561198003454794,Recommended,555880,29210859,Posted: 12 January,all,Lord_Jack,"It's a very addictive game, i'm just haveing so much fun gunning and sliceing bad guys."
76561198016023520,Recommended,555880,30515646,Posted: 14 March,all,LiL*MissShitLips,This thing is so intense!And i love the setting.
,Recommended,555880,29971421,Posted: 16 February,all,ZoSo,"I have really enjoyed playing this game and I think it is better than Raw Data (as others have said). The game mechanics are smooth and well thought out. The graphics are excellent for a VR title and I haven't had a single crash while playing. There is an upgrade/reward system that allows you to customize all of your weapons and skills. Having a system like that definitely helps to give this game more play length (at least for me). I have only found the plasma sword in terms of non-stock weapons. I didn't realize the red chests unlock once you finish the level and you get the reward there!I am looking forward to seeing how this game progresses as time goes on. I would give it a 8.5/10 as it stands right now vs. other VR titles. If I was comparing this game to all PC games then I would say more around a 7/10 due to the lack of a ""real, full-length game"". Basically they have created the levels, mechanics, AI, reward systems, graphics, audio and now they need to make it into a complete product tying all of this into some sort of story driven gameplay. Unless their intent of the full game is to have you jump back and forth from your home/base to some map location to fight and then back to your home after you complete the mission. I am hoping to see something in between fighting on the levels and standing around your home location.Is Multiplayer in the works for this title?"
,Recommended,555880,31244130,Posted: 19 April,all,Nova,"Fight loads of cyborg ninja robots with swords and guns! Amazing visual style combined with fluid gun/sword fighting!This is an amazing game , totally makes you feel like a badass!"
,Recommended,555880,30110495,Posted: 22 February,all,Abysmal Helix,"This game is a blast, but unfortunately its still early access. It includes a leveling up system which grants skill points that can be allocated to skills. There is also a relic loot system that makes the game more engaging. It seems to be a tier based RNG based loot system, similar to Diablo/Borderlands.The game is not without its bugs, as with pretty much any VR app on the market now. They aren't too bothersome though for the most part.The biggest downfall in my opinion is that you level up too quickly, and you max out the skill tree with ease within the first hour and a half of gameplay or so.This game could be a 9/10 or so on release when its polished and done, but for now im giving it a 6.5/10Still recommended."
76561198010636569,Recommended,555880,28629005,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,wickedplastic,"Wow, this is the most fun I've had in ages..Game is stableDouble jumping is awesome!Jumping and slashing someone mid flight before you hit the ground is great!Good perks and upgrade system."
,Recommended,555880,28924869,Posted: 1 January,all,Johnny,"I'm usually terrible at leaving reviews for games, but this is a game I am really excited to see development on. This is one of the few games where I actively enjoyed teleportation locomotion, was not only naturally feeling but fun and rewarding. That along with progression impleneted through skill trees and item upgrades makes this a must play."
,Recommended,555880,33799400,Posted: 25 July,all,SilentCaay,"Flying 50 feet through the air and slashing a guy clean in half with a sword on the way down has been one of the coolest experiences in my gaming life. When you perform well, it feels awesome and when you don't perform well you know it was your own fault and that you can do better.The game runs great and all the weapons feel fantastic from the swords to the bow to the guns - they're all fun. The hardest part of the game is deciding which weapon to kill your foes with. Luckily you can bring a small arsenal with you into each mission so there's always plenty of variety.If you have VR, you have to pick this up. Just make sure you have a large play space or you *will* be smashing things as you lose yourself in the game."
,Recommended,555880,29068065,Posted: 6 January,all,Rage@oVRactive,"This review was written after happily playing 6 hours in early-access. Below is gameplay and commentary on Master level difficulty exhibiting typical gameplay from my VR channel.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah8KcZcpXvoI was initially cautios about purchasing this game at the £19 price tag for early access. Owning Raw Data already this game seemed too similar in theme and gameplay for me to invest. Nonetheless I did and do not regret it either.Sairento VR delivers fast paced, yet strategic sword-and-gun gameplay that really allows a players individual style to shine through. Unrestricted to 'classes', players level up and can diversify in any element they wish... gunplay, swordplay, slo-mo... by placing skillpoints you can improve bullet-time duration, durability, special skills such as bullet reflection and even force-wave katana slash capability.Comparable to Raw Data, it has elements of Max Payne, Super-Hot, Bullet Train, Dishonored, Red Steel. Its unique aspect is the liberal application of bullet-time as a staple of gameplay. It can be triggered without cooldown, allowing you the player to adjust the high-speed pacing in the moment. This allows you enough time to 'design' your next combat moves and pull them off... leading to that ultimate feeling of VR badassery. This title delivers heavily on that!And the combat moves can be combined in many creative ways, with blink movement, ninja high-jumping and user-controlled slow motion in combination with firarm and melee attacks, roomscale bullet-dodging and katana deflect results in an intense cyber-ninja with enough skill you feel like you can truely command the action in a cinematic fasion.The visuals are mid-tier, but the soundtrack and gameplay more than make up for it. RNG Epic Legendary style loot system common in RPGs is here, which keeps you hunting for that next weapon or upgrade. Character leveling slowly progresses the challenge difficulty, but brings new powers and capability.I expect to be playing this game for a long time because of the unique gameplay. I would reccomend to anyone who like intense action games and will be following the development of this game closely, with more videos to come on my channel.Good Job Swag."
76561198142819669,Recommended,555880,28983434,Posted: 3 January,all,plano,"Sairento VR is a sleeper hit for me personally! It has a very innovative bullet time mechanism and has set a very nice framework with loot, upgrades, and skills to unlock. The developers are always very responsive to feedback here on the forums and have already shown with their first few updated that they really value that kind of feedback.I definitely recommend this action game to anyone who really wants to feel like a cyber ninja in VR!"
76561198162797576,Recommended,555880,33393797,Posted: 8 July,all,allen42b,"This wasn't made for VR, VR was made for this. This game really brings out the VIVE's potential. I get butterflies in my stomach whenever I go flying through the air, like my body thinks its real.The weapons are fun, although switching between them on the fly when bullets are whizzing past your head isn't a perfect process. There's one for everyone, swords for traditional kills, bow and arrow, pistols, rifles, and even shurikens. My favorite is to duel wield swords, then jump through the air on top of someone and deliver an instant kill as I land on them. The gushing blood is very satisfying.You can never get bored of this, and it's cheaper than some of it's competition. Highly recommend for everyone to try."
76561198004697175,Recommended,555880,29838355,Posted: 10 February,all,[TW]Zane,"I can see the promise in this game so I won't write it off yet.I did get pretty motion sick playing this game and I don't get motion sick that easy.Teleport can be exploited severly.  As in going through wall, ceilings and even out of the map.AI gets confused often.The sounds could use a step up in quality.Its simple to flail your sword around and defeat enemies up close.The UI is pretty neat.  It could use a little bit of feedback for when you interact with it.  (highlights, sounds and motion in general)Overall, as mentioned before, this game has promise so I look forward to what may come."
76561198052586104,Recommended,555880,34816770,Posted: 8 September,all,Hex,Makes you feel like a badass.
,Recommended,555880,29777916,Posted: 8 February,all,Rayeth,"(Updated review for v0.5)If you ever wanted to feel really, really epic, then this is the game for you!Even in its early access state, Sairento delivers a massive amount of fun and epic ninja-style action. There is currently no story implemented at all but you don't really need one to already have fun. The devs announced, that there will be a storyline/plot including choices. There are currently five environments which you can battle in (one of them changes everytime you play it) and there are more to come. You can choose between a rather small but diverse selection of weapons which are not simply ""bigger is better"" or ""more expensive is better"" weapons, they can actually all be used in all situations, depending on your playstyle!The graphics are pretty solid and good looking. I really enjoyed the environment and sometimes stopped for a second to take a closer look. My system isn't a top-notch million bucks computer. It can run Vive and all of its current games with at least high, if not ultra quality and Sairento runs without stuttering, lost frames or similar problems even when on highest settings. While the latest big patch introduced a number of frame drops, the devs were very quick in providing fixes and improvement and it runs fine again, at least on my end.Another noteworthy point: The player has actually an avatar, so you can see a body if you look down. So, instead of encorporating a surreal energy cloud, waving swords and floating pistols, you now actually play a person. Might not be for everyone (you can turn it off!) but I haven't seen a single other game out there which features a full player model!The movement is the real gem in this one: You actually ""dash"" through the environment which is a cool-looking and fancyer version of teleporting, but! you can attack while you ""move"", you can slow down time while you move, you can jump over enemies, shoot them from above, land, slide some more meters and slice them up with your katana(s) while you are still sliding all in one go! It feels super-epic, certainly looks stupid from the outside and is an enormous amount of fun!The weapon arsenal is pretty limited by now (please note the date when the review was written! 0.2 did not bring new weapons but more are planned for sure!), you have access to the usual set of pistols, katana, smg, shotgun and rifle. As it looks like, the types of weapons will stay the same but there are different versions of, for instance, handguns or swords and there are now also curently empty slots for shurikans or grenades and other stuff! They have a DPS value but that does not mean that one is better than the other! If you are an old-school ninja, you can finish a level with swords only. Prefer the gunslinger-style? Maybe also left hand sword - right hand gun?Apart from that, there is also armor which will surely be able to be changed later, providing different kinds of protection or looks.Again an update on the skill system: It is now a combination of relics you strap on your gear as well as skills you unlock like in any other RPG game. This allows for some interesting combinations, depending on what you want to focus your character on. There are a lot of skills and basically an infinte number of relics you can find and as such it allows the player to choose a combo that fits their playstyle best.I also have to update my final remarks:This game, when I bought it, was just a very nice tech demo which was a lot of fun to play. The devs appear to work without pause and so the game did steadily evolve and develop to a now, still unfinished, but even more awesome piece of VR awesomeness. My first review version said the price was too high for it's current state, I can say that no longer. The devs are extremly active, the concept is great, a lot of progress has already been made, there is no way I could not recommend that game!This game will, once finished, most probably define what a ""true"" VR game should be.If you can play VR games and you don't own Sairento, you haven't even seen anything what VR has to offer!What's new since 0.5?A lot of things were added, epic, awesome and unique things. It's easier to just scroll through the changelogs on the official page. You can follow the extremly active development of the game there and get a good impression on how the game is developed.What did not change?It is still THE top-notch game of its genre within VR circles, it is still being actively developed and it still has an extremly dedicated dev-team and community.Seriously, if you have a VR system and you don't own this game you should re-evaluate your choices in life."
76561198017341939,Recommended,555880,31039703,Posted: 9 April,all,Virtual Weality,"Do you like ninjas? if yes, buy this, if you dont like ninjas go watch some ninja movies/animes till you love it then come back and buy this."
,Recommended,555880,32178174,Posted: 4 June,all,InevitableCheese,"This game is probably the most fun I've had in VR. Locomotion works well, and you can start pulling off Warframe-like stunts once you get used to the controls. Good amount of customization and upgrades, and the devs are pretty active.HOWEVER, PLEASE REALIZE WHAT EARLY ACCESS MEANS. This games has lots of bugs, crashes, and lag that will make you nauseous. It is still mostly stable, and largely playable."
,Recommended,555880,29967717,Posted: 16 February,all,Syrsly,"Sairento VR is ki blasts from swords and red trailed bullets with slomo and it's a lot of fun.Sairento is pure fun for me.  It's VR gunplay with optional sword-fighting, and it's done right.  It's a little rough in some areas, but it's in early access state.  I have high hopes for this title.Game runs smooth on less than ideal VR hardware with a few glitches.While Sairento is in early development, it already shows a lot of polish and optimization.  It runs more smoothly than I expected on my Phenom II, and it has a lot of graphical enhancements I could disable if I felt the need to.  It has very short, almost unnoticeable loading screens, but it does load levels in an odd way.  I also noticed the game doesn't always stay on the VR headset after loading a level, which means you sometimes have to restart the game.  That's a rare occurance, though.  You also sometimes run through walls or over them and accidentally get stuck outside of the level, but you can usually get back into the level somehow by finding areas without ceilings.  Again, this is a rare occurance I don't always have to deal with, and it doesn't happen if I turn off the jump effect and avoid wall-running.Loot and skills, lots of replayability, more updates to come.It's in Early Access, and it's fairly new, so I expect a lot of updates for this game.  It has a lot of replay value despite having a somewhat limited amount of stuff to do and places to visit.  Most of what you'll be doing is collecting loot and developing the character's skills/abilities and trying those skills out.  It offers all the control scheme options you could hope for in a VR game, and while it causes some motion sickness and glitchiness with the jumping and fast pace, I don't want to cheapen the experience by turning the jump off.  The jump is part of the fun, and the game's devs went out of their way to make the experience as comfortable as possible.  I think slomo helps a lot.I'm satisfied with this purchase.  It's one of the best VR experiences I've tried so far.  Get Sairento if you have a Vive.  I'm not sure how well it holds up on Oculus Touch, but there are Touch control options."
76561198024603195,Recommended,555880,31371304,Posted: 26 April,all,dosburritos,"This game is a blast! The locomotion is lots of fun if you have your VR legs under you. There's just something special about flying through the air and using bullet time to line up a pefect shotgun blast to the head from above. Like many VR games, the biggest problem is that there's not enough of it. We all want more story, bigger maps, more dynamic gameplay etc. but while we all wait with baited breath for those true AAA titles, games like this provide loads of fun.  There's a ton of wave shooters out there, and this is one of them, but it stands out as unique."
,Recommended,555880,33984386,Posted: 2 August,all,Osmodias,Genji simulator 2017.
76561198030276919,Recommended,555880,34519918,Posted: 26 August,all,Doomsaint,"I have owned an HMD since launch and Ive purchased almost every single big release and a plethora of smaller titles. This is one of the only titles I consistently play on a regular basis. The game is addictively fun, the devs are awesome and give the game the love it deserves!! The arsenal of weapons and movement options are second to none! Great soundtrack and the added speed options is really nice if you have the VR legs for it. The added difficulty made a world of difference and you still feel like a complete bamf!!! Im playing on the Rift with very minimal issues and I urge anyone with VR to buy this gem! I believe the devs here have a bright future ahead of them in the VR landscape!! Bravo!!10/10Additional: You can now do a wall running backflip. Yeah, you read that right. :)"
,Recommended,555880,31138980,Posted: 14 April,all,Elusiv3Pastry,"So immersive I put my fist/vive controller through my plasma TV in an effort to stab an evil cyber ninja through the throat.  It was an epic stroke and I didn't even notice I destroyed my TV until I was done playing.  Guess I'd better get a projector as a replacement.Two thumbs up, would smash again!"
76561198049029366,Recommended,555880,32216944,Posted: 6 June,all,Chodie Grundleson,A lot of fun. Random loot drops. I've been getting my money worth.
,Recommended,555880,32755240,Posted: 24 June,all,julied611,"Very interesting game, makes me feel like ninja gaiden in VR.  Gotta have strong VR legs (play a bit longer each day for 2 weeks).  Nothing like jumping over a guy, shooting him from directly above with a pistol then doing a roll when you land only to chop down another guy with a sword on impact mid roll.  I love how you can pull 5 weapons out of your hips, shoulders and mid back. Very unique."
76561197982510927,Recommended,555880,32880421,Posted: 27 June,all,Corvus Corax,You know a VR game is immersive when you constantly lose track of the Chaperone system and slam into the walls...Keeping it brief:8/10It's a simple and fun game with moderate replay value; addictive and satisfying mechanics.This is a good one to show friends after they've been through your usual spread of introductory VR titles like The Lab etc.
,Recommended,555880,32501584,Posted: 17 June,all,Scooter,"This is a really good shooter game. Movement is fluid, shooting is good, graphics are ok, content is good etc. It's not a game that shines in every aspect, but it does pretty well in every aspect and that makes it a good game."
76561198014739898,Recommended,555880,32793176,Posted: 25 June,all,Voharius,Love the dash/jump/wall run movement. The more I started jumping around in combat the more I loved it.
76561198087909545,Recommended,555880,34142974,Posted: 10 August,all,Mr Sneff,"This is a very satisfying vr game. Basically you play as neo (from the matrix) but if he was a ninja with katanas, bow and arrow, throwing knives and stars.Positive:-Satisfying sword swinging, shooting and shuriken throwing-BULLET TIME-Looks good-Nice stages-Not impossible to complete levels-The movement doesn't induce motionsickness (for me personally)-A lot of replayability-Adjustable difficulty-Multiple loadouts-Large customizablity-A lot of updates-Ok loot an leveling system*-Just funNegative:-A little repetative (not a lot of different levels)-Even with the possiblitiy to change difficulties this game feels too easy on the normal difficulty. The way hard is only harder because you have less hp doesn't feel right, even though you gain bonus loot.*-The loot and micromanaging that comes with it is overly advanced for this game. I would just like to kill robots not think about which of the seemingly endless perks to apply to my loadout. But that's just my opinion.-There's too much menu time, since the time it takes to complete a level is never more than ten minutes. (exept maybe when you get further in the game) More menu time comes from trying to micromanage your character.All in all, a good game that's still in development."
,Recommended,555880,35080142,Posted: 20 September,all,Falsey,"Ok, so far I put 21 hours in this game and I exceptionally enjoyed it.Reading the review: I'm a lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ so I listed some cons that they might already have plans for but I didn't bother to check, in that case please ignore those.PROS:- Movement is fantastic, finally this is not a game where you just stand around or teleport, but you can actually jump, doublejump, 5times jump around.- Weapon variety is huge and you will find your own style pretty easily.- It has made me lose a few kilograms already with the glaives. :D- Enemy variety is really good and new enemies and features are being added continously.- Responsive and helpful development.CONS:- Game is in early access, there will be bugs and problems ***** BUT BUT BUT BUT BUT***** I reported 3 bugs on the forum so far, guess what? Next day patch: bug fixed. So this should really go to the PROS section, however it might be annoying to some people that an alpha/beta game has bugs. (not sure why but I've seen it before)- Optimization is not the best yet, a bit laggy(sometimes even in the menu, depending on how many items you have in your inventory).TL;DR:If you want something fun, with the best movement so far out on the market, and like to kill stuff with Xena glaives, and darth maul lightsabers... this definitely worth your money.Hats down to development, best one I have ever seen in my life, and I've been playing since I had my first 486.Thanks guys.Edit: Removed some CONS as development is already working on those features for the game."
76561198018097461,Recommended,555880,30043080,Posted: 19 February,all,zeromni,An action packed game that makes you feel awesome. Can't wait to see what it will become.
76561198124516461,Recommended,555880,29040327,Posted: 5 January,all,bigtroy1114,"The locomotion in this game is almost revolutionary and really makes me feel like a Ninja with the sword play, or the Terminator with my badass guns!!!! Love this game and if you like action games it's a must buy!!!"
,Recommended,555880,33079713,Posted: 1 July,all,MCDEVIANT,"Cyberninja! This game is amazing.. screw the guns, use the swords and slides/wall runs for the real fun."
,Recommended,555880,34959137,Posted: 14 September,all,Björkmans Kulor AB,"This is my first review here on Steam. All I can say about Sairento is WOW. 10/10. And it's still in development, with superb  developers, who listen to the community. I have I think 50 games for the Vive, and this tops it all, Raw Data, Arizona Sunshine, good titles, but when it comes to sheer playing joy and amazing gunplay/gameplay, this tops it all. A total must have for VR. This is the game I use to wow my friends, all of them are like ""how much you said the vive cost again. with a needy look in their eyes"" :D Can't recommend it enough. Best spent 27 euro ever. /Anders Björkman, Sweden"
,Not Recommended,555880,35475869,Posted: 4 October,all,Setrafied,"NOTE: This review is from a multiplayer/Co-op perspectiveDo not get me wrong, this game has very smooth movement, and it is a lot of fun. It is unique in it's movement from any other VR game I have played and I did enjoy playing, BUT I can not recommend you buy it for a multiplayer experience at the current price tag. First of all, the game was not originally multiplayer and the multiplayer is in beta. I played a few matches with some friends and it was great fun, it actually ran surprisingly smooth with the slow motion and all, but there is not enough to do for $30. There are 3 mission types and 4 maps on multiplayer. After you play 1 or 2 games you notice the repitition, the only thing to do after that is raise the difficulty. While it was fun, I will likely be refunding due to lack of content in multiplayer. I will also state that I can not truly enjoy a game when playing it solo, I almost always go for multiplayer experiences, so I AM admittedly biased."
76561198130063094,Recommended,555880,32345032,Posted: 11 June,all,MuzzUK,"I torrented and played an early cracked version of this game and it was so much fun I recently bought it as I want to support the makers, Saitento is a quality product and one of the better VR games on Steam. I clocked about 15 hours on the cracked alpha version and that was a very barebones version compared to what the game is now.I am happy to give the developer my money as this is great VR game and has lots of hours of fun unlike a lot of games that are just an hour or two long. Saitrento has at least 10-15 hours gameplay time I can see it getting more and maybe even multiplayer one mode day.In the 6 months or so since I've played it the developer(s) have taken this game a long way. The interface is better, the graphics are better and overall game play has much more content and just feels so much more complete. This is worth every penny and one of the best VR games out on the market. Other VR games generally feature repetitive game play or short play times Sairento does not.Sairento is effectively a wave based first person shooter but it's not as simple as standing and shooting things. There are various types of enemies and four mission difficulty settings which effect rewards but offer players of different skill levels a challenge.The game has a nice levelling and custom character load out system letting you choose many weapon types and character upgrades such as speed, health, jumping ability, ammo poll, energy and more. The weapons are as you expect melee, pistols, shotguns, sub machine guns and assault rifles. Having a sword in one hand a sub machine gun in the other slashing and shooting enemies is a lot of fun.There are two other categories of weapons I've not yet unlocked which looked like magical powers or super hero powers of some sort. Sairento features different types of scenarios such as clear an area, wave defence or stay alive as long as possible. Level design is nice and cool too and the graphics are good even on the lower settings. Optimization is decent it runs very well on my 1080 and AMD 8350 combo so I've been able to run 8x AA and maxz settings... I'm sure it'll be just as good on older Nvidia 9 series cards and the AMD R9 3 and 4 series gpus.Some players may get a little motion sickness as there is a lot of moving around, spinning around and wall jumping to get to enemies and to avoid taking damage and gun fire. I only have a small play area so occasionally knock into my book case. I don't think it would be as fun seated so standing/room scale VR is a must to get full enjoyment out of it. Some may get bored quickly of the same three scenarios but the weapons and difficulty settings give me enough enjoyment.Think The Matrix meets Japanese Anime Cyber Shooter and you have Sairento's style to a tee. What this has over a lot of other VR shooters and wave games is there's so much more going on than pointing and shooting things. The harder difficulties require strategy, ammo management, sensible load out usage and good use of the bullet time ability. You will literally look like a crazy action hero whilst wearing your VR headset.The only bad point or bug I've found is occasionally the pointer to select options on the main menu doesn't load after a mission and I have to quickly hit the VR Options button my VIVE controller and then close the menu to fix it."
,Recommended,555880,30035568,Posted: 19 February,all,Neith (SectionSkyly),"Sairento VR is still in early access; my thoughts may change when the game is released fully.Sairento VR is a first-person action game where you play a futuristic ninja. There are several weapon types to use (katana, pistol, sub machinegun, assault rifle and shotgun). Currently the game is pretty barebones, but what is there is extremely promising.You select a mission type (usually either a Survival or Elimination) and are dispatched to one of the maps. They aren't particularly diverse currently and a lot are either Eastern-themed (think futuristic Tokyo) or generic warehouses. Generally your task is to find all the enemies in the stage and kill them, then head to an extraction point to escape. The enemies themselves are cyborgs which use firearms and/or swords. Difficulty ranges between extremely easy to genuinely pretty difficult, and enemies will come at you from all directions so you constantly need to watch your back.Movement is always a tricky area in VR games as it can make people motion sick very easily. Sairento gets around this by having 2 options for moving. Simple movement works like a teleport (so no movement is visible) and is designed for people easily susceptible to motion sickness. The full movement mode allows you to dash and jump. So far I haven't felt ill from it and it seems very well done. Jumping also gives you much more freedom and interesting ways of killing your enemies- you can even slide along the floor if you crouch while you're in mid-jump.Weapons feel fluid and well-tracked, though I've ditched firearms for the most part and find dual wielding katanas to be the most satisfying. You can deflect bullets, charge energy shots and attack exactly as you want to. Want to jump at an enemy and slash them as you land? You can do it. Want to hit enemies in front and behind at the same time with separate swords? You can do it.Briefly, there is also a crafting and loot element to the game- you can find relics which can be placed in your weapons (a bit like socketing in Diablo) and these give you various bonuses and allow you to find a playstyle that works for you.The only downside I can think of with Sairento currently (other than lack of content, which is going to be addressed) is that all movement costs Focus and I found myself quite often running out of it which effectively means you can't move, aside from the small amount of Room Scale movement you can have. There are abilities to increase Focus regen but I personally don't think you should use Focus for short dashes.Incredibly immersive game so far and I'm looking forward to seeing how it develops. Too many VR games are happy with what I can only describe as overglorified demos so it would be nice to see one come to fruition."
,Recommended,555880,28544326,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Darian,"This is actually a good game.Its a fast paced, high mobilty type of FPS shooter with randomized loot that has fundamentally good gameplay and promises lots of replayability.With multiplayer and more content this could be one of the really good VR games, so far this is heading in every right direction."
,Recommended,555880,29545094,Posted: 28 January,all,Panic,"This is early days and therefore it's still pretty rough around the edges.That being said, you can hold a sword in one hand and a submachine gun in the other, deflecting bullets as you leap around so I mean, there's that."
76561198194651307,Recommended,555880,29067590,Posted: 6 January,all,sabre_wulf1,"played on GTX 1080 i7 6700room scale 4mx4mHTC viveVR is finding its feet , and its feet are definately with a gun in one hand and a sword in another. This game is for me the best arena based hack and shoot game.it has bullet time and a unique dash and jump control which totally works.it also has the most empowering fight move that makes you feel like a total ninja...imagine 2 enemies in front of you : launch into the air , press bullet time (slow mo) and hang in the air , take one out mid air with a pistol blast to the head, and swipe your sword and cut down the other as you land on their lifeless bodies, blood everywhere, its a total rush and absolutely feels authentic.gfx are smooth on a gtx 1080 but slows with a higher resolution, so keep it on medium shadows etc. it in no way harms this game. it certainly does not slow down to a crawl like the game raw data does though. (thats a fine vr game to)best arena experiance yet , and shows devs are really starting to find what works in VR....and for me thats survival and arena based gamesimprovements would be PVE and PVP multiplayer modes, arcade high score mode, scoring for hits in certain body areas, GUNBLADES WOULD BE AMAZING (hint lol). more arenas rather than the two so far. more variety of enemy and some end level big bosses.no brainer purchase."
76561198016840614,Recommended,555880,28806826,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,andywebster2005,"An extremely good game, came out of nowhere and is incredibly immersing. Can't wait for more content such as enemies, weapons, environments and rumours of a story mode.Oh, and will likely outshine Raw Data, the benchmark at this rate. Well done devs, keep up the impressive work!"
76561198066495675,Recommended,555880,29943575,Posted: 15 February,all,battlefield3joy,"Great Samurai Slashing and Shooting Action games!I have been waiting for First Person Slashing games with a motion control since Red Steel 2 on Wii seven years ago, and Sairento has answered my expectation.Although the content is still lacking (Well it's an early access game anyway), but the potential is there.I just wish there will be a real story on the game and more meaningfull boss fight.Can't wait for the next updates."
,Recommended,555880,29952580,Posted: 15 February,all,Ride The Walrus,"My favorite VR game so far, feel like a superhero and slash the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of some baddies in glorious slomo"
76561198165096519,Recommended,555880,30100011,Posted: 22 February,all,Dan E.B,This game is great definitely one of the best VR games aroundThe game makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥Buy it!
76561197971971358,Recommended,555880,28777553,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,cougar,"First  5 minutes: maybe i should refound it...after 10 minutes: oh.. you can actualy jump and do a second jump in mid air..after 15 minutes: Ninja God, feel so good to impale enemy with my katana, and shut stuff while in slow motion, and falling from above the enemy.after 30 minutes: perfectly used to the locomotion system, with no nausea, feel so natural.after 45 minutes: started to hit walls and stuff with controller, maybe buy a silicon case for controllers.very funny, replay value, nice skills, good drop system, and crack it up to hard difficulty, and have fun! Must have."
,Recommended,555880,32113282,Posted: 1 June,all,Ceravnos Studios,"Awesome game, it is by far the best fighting game so far in VR!Great sword and gun handling.Awesome game, i strongly recommend it to everyone!Many missions and staff to do, it's not a game for only a few days like the rest out there.A+++ developmentGreat 360 supportGreat smooth handlingGreat graphicsGreat gameplay"
,Recommended,555880,31974377,Posted: 26 May,all,Atomic_OVR_dose,"This game is a great example of how amazing VR can be. The gun play is fun, the matrix style bullet dogging is cool, and the sword play is SO addicting. Plus the game is beautiful. The devs also do an awesome job pushing updates and fixes on a regular basis. This game has caught a lot of flack for a recent update not living up to expectations.. FIRST OFF-- is that not the ENTIRE point of early access??? The ability and freedom for the dev to experiment and try things and see how they work with a real audience not just testers? SECOND -- the devs have worked seemingly around the clock to make the game as great as they possibly can. Personally, I would by this game all over again without hesitation.. Highly recommended!A VR MUST PLAY"
76561197977390341,Recommended,555880,33241374,Posted: 4 July,all,FiendD,"********REVISED 7.12.17******** (see bottom)Buy this now, before the price goes up. With all the other...how shall I put it....garbage out there right now for VR, this one is worth the price. However, don't think of it as being worth the price as it is! Think of it as an investment. Updates have been nearly constant, so you're really paying to get in on the bottom floor to eventually have a full game experience. I honestly don't know if you can trust the Devs any more than those from other dead end Early Access games, but a lot of VR is a leap of faith right now. At present, the Devs' actions are speaking the loudest. They have been true to their word so far. I don't play much currently, and I probably will hold off until the campaign is released, but when it does I'll have the whole game at a fraction of the price of those who pick this up later. So, take a leap of faith (or, should I say a blind ""bullet dive""?) and give this one a shot.****REVISION****I was premature in saying that I wouldn't play this game until the campaign is released. I've played more and this game is HUGE fun! I mean, it was a lot of fun the first time I played too, but I'm starting to see the immense potential even more now. I did not do this game justice in my first review. Although the levels can become quite repetitive over time, the actual gameplay is super fun. Play how you want to: Slice 'n Dice, Bullet Barrage, Spray and Pray, Ninja Robin Hood! The choice is yours, and you can do it all while making Neo go, ""Damn! I wish I thought of that!"" I don't want to insult the reader's intelligence, though. You can tell the game is fun just by watching the videos. So, here's the important thing, and the real reason I'm writing a revision:!!!ATTENTION TRUE GAMERS!!! -look up the definition on UrbanDictionary, if you're not sure, but I suspect you know who you are :P -I am very pleased to report that, only a short time after I posted the original review, a developer commented on my post. I'm not sure if you can hear that, but thats the sound of my mind being blown. This was not a rubber stamp response. This was a genuine response from one gamer to another, and I can't overstate how reassuring that is. I didn't even write a detailed review of the actual game itself, but the dev still took the time to reach out. Fight the good fight, Devs! I'm behind you!"
76561198031845508,Recommended,555880,34380077,Posted: 20 August,all,"No Shirt, No Shoes, No Service",basically Robo Recall except you're a f***ing ninja10/10
76561198017693139,Recommended,555880,28579974,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,modisius,"What a fantastic game!  This game is a gem, one of my favorite VR titles."
,Recommended,555880,28761728,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Neep,"This game is more fun in it's current early access stage than many finished titles. It's an absolute blast to play as is, and they're only adding more.You'll feel like a complete and total badass ninja. Ok, ok, maybe a completely sweaty total badass ninja.It's very satisfying ninja-blinking around, shooting and slicing up techno-guards. A number of well laid out RPG style elements will be bringing you back to this game repeatedly.And for those curious, I'm running this on a GTX970 w/ Oculus Rif & Touch (works completely fine, don't let the lack of a logo on the store page fool you, they just don't officially support it YET)"
76561198123532912,Recommended,555880,28666830,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Raven 831,"This game is awesome. The feeling when you make the first jump... I immediately turned around and did it again. The game is beautiful and fun. The enemies are not that challenging, but zipping around the environment, double jumping, slashing, it was awesome. Gun play and sword play got my interest, but the environment got my attention."
,Recommended,555880,28789505,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ronny,"Another  variation of a wave shooter. Very cool acrobatic move/jump system. Loot, levels and progression systems. No story. All opponents look the same.  AI is dumb. To much blood and gore (Would like an option to turn this off). Mission selection menu is a bit hit and miss. This game has potential to be great when finished, its just not quite there yet, the movement system is original and great fun though."
76561197965868220,Recommended,555880,29392717,Posted: 21 January,all,Hebbulinus,"It's a good game with great potential. Not a lot of games find the balance of feeling like a badass cyborg ninja thingy where you actually feel free to move in whatever direction you want to. It's liberating. Also the fact that it's not necessarily scary in any way lets you just focus on being the action hero you always wanted to be. Thumbs up right now, even more in the future."
76561198066914263,Recommended,555880,28689609,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kingmob1982,"I haven't played enough to have gotten into levelling or skills yet, but I wanted to leave some first impressions of the basic mechanics.Usually I tend to prefer games with teleport movement, but this is closer to a dash and adds a slight motion blur that I found quite distracting when you're making repeated moves (edit: I found the setting to turn off blur, which helped immensely). I do like the way jumping is implemented and the bullet time leaps are extremely cool, but I seemed to have issues consistently pulling it off. I'm assuming there's some sort of colldown so you can't do it repeatedly, but I didn't notice any indicator when it was ready. If it doesn't have a CD, then I'm not sure what I was doing wrong. When it works, though? Definitely very cool. (edit: Have played again since and the bullet time seemed to work much more consistently)Shooting feels solid and accurate, which is always a good thing. I haven't unlocked more than the first couple of weapons yet but they feel decently satisfying to use. There's at least some variety in mission types but for the most part it just comes down to killing x number of enemies. The maps are reasonably large and quite often when you're down to the last enemy in a wave/level you end up having to hop around hunting them down, which is mildly aggravating.Having been reasonably critical, I'm still willing to give it a recommendation. It's not as polished as Raw Data, but it's also significantly cheaper then Raw Data, it's still in very early access and I don't think any of the issues it has are beyond fixing. There's a solid basis here and a couple of interesting mechanics that, with some work, could make this something really rather good. Juest bear in mind it is not currently all the way there yet."
,Recommended,555880,29198600,Posted: 11 January,all,Rocket Lawnchair,"This game captures the true reason VR was invented. It seriously makes you feel like a total badass.The controls are pretty simple, but there's a good skill curve for getting better at the game.The game currently works only in arena modes, but I think it would be cool in the future to see a full fledged campaign where you're not restricted to one relatively small map."
76561198087282028,Recommended,555880,28537621,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,lastsonof7,"Holy $#%! You wanna talk about feeling badass?? Once I figured out double jump...This game looks to be VERY promising if this is only early access as is. I see this game clearly getting in the way of some of my other great VR games for playtime. I feel like Snakeyes, Raiden and anyone else you can throw in there for the savagery I release upon my foes. The enemies have cool animations too. Like coming down with an overhead strike or blocking your bullets with their swords. And it looks really cool when they die in slow motion. Great music to get you into the zone as well. I have particular fun flying in on an enemy's exact spot and landing a nice sword strike. I even finished a match like this from the air and I could swear I even had a believable pose to match! Definitely feels satisfying. I kept wanting to reload more and more matches whether elimination or survival. Wasn't sure how this game was gonna pull off the jumping mechanics I had heard about but my god i was VERY pleasantly surprised by how smooth it functions. Unless you are EXTREMELY sensitive to motion sickness and or have a dislike for ninjas guns and stealth kills, i can't see you going wrong with this one. Fun for me right off the bat!!"
76561198090796792,Recommended,555880,28697162,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,StrongPillow,"I've only spent a little while with the game due to being busy but, man. The little I played was awesome. This game has one hell of a foundation for a great game. You feel like a complete badass too.I am really excited to see how this game evolves. I like the map and crime location idea, gives it a little RNG, once they have more modes, enemies, and locations this could be a really deep and fun game.There's skill trees, there's weapon with customization slots, there's pickups, there's a store to buy relics for your weapons. There's a Warframe kind of vibe going on. Once there's more of everything on this list it'll be even more awesome."
,Recommended,555880,28781384,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rampa,"It's still in very early development stage, but it has so much potential.I hope we will see updates on a  regular basis"
76561197972223037,Recommended,555880,29348423,Posted: 18 January,all,Edge_DragoonRider,"Very fun, but needs multiplayer, especially for the price."
76561197970645143,Recommended,555880,34273118,Posted: 16 August,all,big_papa_s,"my favourite and most played vr game, and it keeps getting better with updates... fantastic"
,Recommended,555880,34308395,Posted: 17 August,all,Masher,"This is one of my favorite VR games to date. The game mechanics are so much fun, only the sweating will make you stop. I don't want to repeat what others already said, i just felt i owe it to the devs and the game to give a thumbs up. I have spent almost 20 hours in it and i don't plan to stop anytime soon. Well worth the money !"
,Recommended,555880,34310661,Posted: 17 August,all,Cyda,"Being a cyber ninja rocks. I love the bow and the diablo-esk relic drops, keeps me coming back for more."
,Recommended,555880,34362151,Posted: 19 August,all,Dazirius,"I have very nearly nothing bad to say about Sairento VR.The locomotion system is *outstanding*. With one action, and a crouch, you can leap, bounce off a wall, slide along the ground, and be ready to stab or plant a devastating headshot on the next baddie.Truly joyous stuff.My only negatives are some clipping issues where I fell through or got trapped in the scenery, and some ""did I click or did I scroll"" menu issues. Other than that, it's just pure fun.Considering this title is still in early access, it's incredibly well presented and the content has kept me going this evening with no sign of abating. I messed around with different weapons and skills for a bit before settling on a pistols only loadout. I'll play with the rifles and shotguns again later, but I'm just having too much fun with the pistols right now.I've used the bow, which is also great, but I haven't used the shuriken and glaives.Sairento VR packs a lot in. Without the incredibly clever movement system, it'd be a bit... meh... but with it, it's just a fantasy come true.If you're like me, you'll find yourself grinning like a madman at the stylish acrobatics and slow-mo kills.For an action gamer with a love of wire-fighting shooter movies, it's a no brainer."
,Recommended,555880,33355150,Posted: 7 July,all,Fox Bones,If you've ever wanted to feel like Neo from the Matrix; Legolas from LoTR; Naruto; Or Christian Bales character in Equailibrum. This is the Game for you.would love to see Co-op or even PvP play in the future.
76561197990442199,Recommended,555880,33408930,Posted: 9 July,all,slamei89,"Really fun game, love how your encouraged to play however you want. Movement in this game is best out of any VR game, really impressive. This game has really high replay value because enemies drop items that affect your weapons, and there's a skill system in place. Throwing weapons are probablyt hardest to master but the developers keep adding new weapons and updating constantly. $24 may seem expensive but worth every penny for the ammount of entertainment and joy you get from this game, this is what playing VR should always feel like."
,Recommended,555880,33416561,Posted: 9 July,all,KevMar,"Good action and the controls are easy to pick up, but the real skills are learned by playing it. The new player can treat it like a shooter until they learn to truly fly through the air and eventually master bullet time to strike with surgical precision. I like how the feel of the game changes as you get more skilled at it.Edit: I think it builds nicely from Raw Data with simpler weapon controls and the mobs are dynamically placed offering more play variety."
,Recommended,555880,34849914,Posted: 9 September,all,Exo,This game makes you feel like a badass cyber-ninja! Like Shadow Warrior in VR.
76561198004431536,Recommended,555880,35254938,Posted: 27 September,all,Xanny DeVito,It's Ninja Gaiden VR. Buy it now.
76561197995304896,Recommended,555880,29063485,Posted: 6 January,all,Dirty Dan,Wow!I just bought one of the best VR games that are curently on steam.I felt like a real badass as I played the game first time. You are something like the Batman of future North Korea.A must have for all the VR users!
76561197982882308,Recommended,555880,29535121,Posted: 27 January,all,[BND] in4m8ion,"Recomend, yesSo far this is Shadow Warrior 2 cross Ronin meets VRand its great!Early Access and all there are a few things to keep in mind, the levels are few and not super varied currently, the RPG leveling is kinda quick and seems limimited in what you do with those skill points, and while there seems to be mods for weapons, Im not sure if there are other weapons? I mean I havn't seen any but I only played about an hour so not gonna say either way.That said, and hour flew by, and I had a blast!This has some very serious potential that I hope comes through on showing the level based shooter how to make more than 'yet another wave'"
76561197977268135,Recommended,555880,30917465,Posted: 3 April,all,code2quest,"The game is worth EVERY DOLLAR let me say this right now this game is amazing compared to much of whats out there and i for one want to support more quality like this, can more be added sure, i would like to see different areas and bosses but it is early access but the current direction is great. if you are thinking of buying this do it and enjoy the ride"
,Recommended,555880,31134427,Posted: 14 April,all,Molo,very nice expriance for a VR type of Games.
,Recommended,555880,31204441,Posted: 17 April,all,Primal,"A solid fun arena shooter with cool sword action and RPG style power ups. It could use more variation and depth, but the Diablo style item upgrades and skill trees make it fun. Nice arcade action."
,Recommended,555880,32233772,Posted: 6 June,all,Qant,"It seems to be good game if devs will implement the ideas of communityFor example i wold like same movement process as in Robo Recall no like now, you can change face position only when you finish teleport."
76561198029234899,Recommended,555880,32262989,Posted: 8 June,all,IAmBecomeFRIENDSHIP,Absolutely Love this game. Looking forward to see what updates bring
,Recommended,555880,35167638,Posted: 23 September,all,Skeeveo - konitchiwa,"Really fun with replayability! It can get a bit repetitive at times but for the most part theres a lot of creativity you can have, along with loot and other small details that are just too good to miss."
76561198087210207,Recommended,555880,35236418,Posted: 26 September,all,jarrod0864,Lots of different weapons. CheckSlots on weapons and armor for upgrade. CheckCharacter Build Tree. CheckFast pace fun kill time action. Check
76561197973581138,Recommended,555880,30461835,Posted: 11 March,all,OHMAGE,"Since the two latest patches the game seems too easy, but it's still fun. This is a game that is probably not for the beginner vr player though. With the warping around and fast movement I could very easily see some of my buddies losing their lunch. BUT! If you have had your set for a bit and have gotten your vr legs it is a fun game. Who doesn't want to be able to jump, warp and slide swinging blades and hitting slow mode to pull out your guns to finish an enemy off or just slice them up. You can progress and upgrade your armor/weapons, which is a nice feature. Let's the game have a bit more longevity with a chance to improve your skillset as well as the upgrades. It has a leveling system that let's you get upgraded perks etc also.UPDATED REVIEWIt's been a few patches and they have addressed the difficulty setttings i believe now. There were a ton of new collision problems (ie invisible walls etc. that just stopped me from playing for a bit) butttttt!!. The devs have addresssed this too. With the new difficulty and the fix on most of the collsion problems the game is superb atm. I had to reequip some of my shards on my equipment after this last patch also. Again I feel like a total badass with this being as smooth as it is now. Thanks for all your hard work devs! The game is fun as hell now. I'm sporting dual uzis with a blad and a shotty as backup. So fun. Preciate it."
,Recommended,555880,31192513,Posted: 16 April,all,G3R5H,"A very polished early access VR Game. While Raw Data gets a lot of publicity, this game seems to have flown a bit below the radar. It's a shame, since I'm quite enjoying it (for the record, I like Raw Data, too). I find Sariento to be a little easier to get into if I'm just looking for a quick game. The shooting is spot on, and I like the variety of weapons in your arsenal.This game feels, to me, like a VR take on classic games like Shinobi/Ninja Gaidan ... the ability to slow time and change jump trajectory in midair feels very ninja-like. The weapons all have a good feel, though I find the sword fighting to feel a bit ""floaty"" ... but that's more of an issue with VR than this game. Since there is no real haptic feedback, I pretty much flail when using the sword. It's effective, but doen't feel realistic.I'm not super-prone to VR motion sickness, but I'm not an iron-stomach either (Hover Junkies makes me queezy after a bit) ... this game does NOT make me motion sick. Not sure why ... perhaps it's the way time slows down while jumping. I can easily play for an hour and feel fine.I do really like the reload mechanism in this game - AND the fact that they offer two options for reloading. It's better than Raw Data and Arizona Sunshine, IMO.My gripes are few - a bit more ammo in each level wouldn't hurt - I'm not a perfect shot, so I do miss a bit, but it seems like the game is designed to force you to switch to melee by the 75% point in each mission. Also, each weapon has it's own ammo type, so there are a bunch of bullets in each level that you find, but can't use. I believe that this is a design choice, but I really like the gunplay so I'm always kinda bummed when I need to switch to swords. You could, hypothetically, load out with multiple different weapons, but I've not enjoyed that strategy.It would be nice if you could swap your guns with guns dropped by dead enemies. That way you could improvise if you've run out of pistol ammo but just choppped up a guy with an SMG ... grabbing said SMG would be cool. (Maybe you can do this and I just haven't figure out how).Bottom Line: I recommed this game - it's a ton of fun if you're looking for a new shooter."
76561197975923408,Recommended,555880,33958384,Posted: 1 August,all,ShyningFade,"This game is absolutely incredible, and one of the shining gems in VR gaming. Fast, responsive, smooth - this is the game to get if you want to feel like a Ninja. Fly through the air, run off walls, snipe with everything from a bow and arrow, to a rifle, and even shurikens. And what ninja would be complete without shurikens? There are also kunai, different katanas and the ever fun glaive, along with other weapons that I'm too lazy to type because I want to get back to playing immediately.Plays great with Oculus Touch, although official support isn't there yet. The only downside to this game is that Steam says I've been playing for a little over an hour, when I've actually got closer to 12 - and I just bought it last night! Very engaging and addictive, especially with 360 room scale."
76561198054017567,Recommended,555880,30545928,Posted: 16 March,all,Regina Phalange,"This game feels like one of the most complete VR games I've had the pleasure of trying.When I first read the game's description I though it was too good to be true. As it turns out this game comes with everything on the box!Absolutely worth its current price. Be vary if you suffer from motion sickness though, because damn. (There is an option for those, but playing with it enabled, it feels like you're missing out on the cool parts)"
76561197960594380,Recommended,555880,30995424,Posted: 7 April,all,Cr0wBurn,"I'm a ninja!This game is totaly awesome, the developer listens to feedback.In short:- Fluid motion- Cool gun, swordplay and bow mechanics- Active development- The game gets better every update"
76561198054144670,Recommended,555880,31006282,Posted: 7 April,all,Allahu Akbar Sosa Chan,RYUJIN NO KEN WO KURAE!
,Recommended,555880,32332139,Posted: 10 June,all,Concrete,Fantastic Game!
,Recommended,555880,35288805,Posted: 29 September,all,[R.O.S]SinclairFighter,"This is a game, not a shity tect-demo. It's realy fun and i love the RPG loot element of it. 9/10 needs more weapons and maps."
76561198420972619,Recommended,555880,35324498,Posted: 29 September,all,Massive,Best VR game for new to VR players.
76561197969574082,Recommended,555880,34471361,Posted: 24 August,all,cloakor,"Awesome game, some of most fun I've had in VR. The controls work well to make you feel like your a cyberninja that can jump high and run on walls while slowing time. This allows you to perform some very satisfying maneuvers and combos. Looking forward to more content as the game gets closer to release."
,Recommended,555880,34491799,Posted: 25 August,all,[Trion] BlackWing,"Logged in.Noted that I was an awesome ninja chick.Started mission.Ran along a wall with a machine gun, taking down waves of enemies.Landed, dashed, shoved my sword through a man's bowels.Jumped upwards, spinning, firing pistol bullets to kill geishas in slow motion.Got chased, hit a wall, backflipped.Puked. Still got the kills.Mission successful.11/10, would barf while killing cyborgs again."
,Recommended,555880,34517037,Posted: 26 August,all,NachoFoot,"Purchased this product after trying Sairento VR Lite on Viveport.  I was pleasantly surprised enough to find out that this is an entirely different game.  Unlike other shooters, this game gives you more freedom to move around.  You have different locomotion options that you can use simultaneously.  Personally, I use one trackpad for movement and the other trackpad for jump teleports.  The levels are nice and large and give you a sense that you are moving throughout as a ninja warrior.  IMO, this game is one which will have you coming back time after time to just unwind.Pros:Different locomotion options that allow you to modify movement, teleport, and blackout teleport if you need it.Large levels give freedom of movementUnscripted enemies don't just show up where you expect themWeapon and skill system give you an RPG feel that most games lackAdjust your own difficultyCons:Have to hunt down lootboxes at the end of each level"
76561197963489560,Recommended,555880,35184540,Posted: 24 September,all,Johnny Poopsock,Easily one of the best shooter/sword play games on the market right now- by a long shot.
76561198112569366,Recommended,555880,32188464,Posted: 4 June,all,DIVERDEEPSIX,great game...but that pointer for the menu needs work
,Recommended,555880,32202752,Posted: 5 June,all,Crimson Jupiter,Best VR Game i have played so far!! This is what gaming in VR should feel like!
,Recommended,555880,32209649,Posted: 5 June,all,Rejinx,Devs doing a good job listening to feed back.  I feel Like John Wick when I use pistols
,Recommended,555880,35195993,Posted: 24 September,all,Kuuhaku,"This game is something special. Within 5 minutes of playing it you can tell how high the skill ceiling is based on how many things you can equip, and the various skill tree unlocks. Loot, four difficulties (with appropriate rewards), and a wide variety of potential loadouts means this game has a lot to offer. With how much I've played, I'd say I'm definitely satisfied with the game experience, and I hear it gets frequent updates from developers who really care about improving their game, so I'm looking forward to seeing and playing with it more.As far as my impressions of how it plays, this one is at the top or very near the top of the list of VR games that make you feel like a total badass. Jumping through the air and landing multiple headshots on enemies as I soar over their heads, and then chopping a dude in half near where I land is just...it's rad. Totally rad. It's like Genji Simulator 2017, but with a hell of a lot more options for projectile weapons. Also reminds me a lot of Shadow Warrior 2, but the gameplay style works a hell of a lot better in VR. When you're the one swinging the sword and moving your arm to aim the gun and squeeze the trigger, the action gets a lot more visceral and cool.Playing on Rift with Touch, by the way. Works great."
76561198321443975,Recommended,555880,35320657,Posted: 29 September,all,Akasuki Internet on weekends,buy
76561198352685450,Recommended,555880,32833651,Posted: 26 June,all,anupam.mukherjee,One of the most engaging ganes I have played although I do wish there were more levels
76561197993588869,Recommended,555880,34223208,Posted: 13 August,all,Rhobaak,"One of the best VR experiences so far. Being an early access title, it's not as polished as Superhot, but ""cool factor"" is on similar level. Visual design, sound and weapons are great. Game modes are somewhat limited and there is no story mode, but again: this is early access title. What is very important for VR games: despite crazy jumps, wall-running and acrobatics I was pleasantly surprised that this game is not inducing motion sickness."
,Recommended,555880,32681675,Posted: 23 June,all,RNH,You ♥♥♥♥in' jump around as a ♥♥♥♥in' ninja and you ♥♥♥♥in' shoot Oni in the ♥♥♥♥in' face.It's ♥♥♥♥in' good.
76561198032837807,Recommended,555880,34114731,Posted: 8 August,all,doptimuspprime,"Amazing game that is constantly updated and keeps things fresh and new everytime I jump back into VR, ninja gameplay at its finest in a virtual setting!"
,Recommended,555880,34075323,Posted: 6 August,all,Grebo Punter,Rock out with twin dual-bladed darksabers.
76561198297391842,Recommended,555880,32737488,Posted: 24 June,all,Yo-Jimbo,"Love it !, stunning visual. plays smooth & fast, got me heart racing and excerised my sword arm, added to favourites."
76561197975464456,Recommended,555880,32736600,Posted: 24 June,all,Decoy,"Definitely the most entertaining VR experience I've come across. It's a typical wave shooter, but the skill tree and weapon upgrades help add some variety.It's more about the combat experience, though. Rather than a traditional boring teleport, you actually leap around the map. You can slide and wall run. Combine that with one-button bullet time and you've got a recipee for ninja badass hijinx. It's not complex, but it is endlessly entertaining."
,Recommended,555880,32742176,Posted: 24 June,all,soulfiremage,"This is excellent fun. I completed it in terms of levelling up to 100 now after owning it a couple of weeks.They stuck a Glaive in there! For those who don't know, it's a whopping great ninja star on steroids from the fantasy world of Krull but here it's practical: it comes back to you slicing it's way through enemies and then can be used to deflect or act as a sword.Ok, so I like the glaive which is a recent thing. The plasma sword and glaive is my combination but there are pistols, machine guns, rifles and the works. Each can be endlessly upgraded in various ways.Most weapons duel wield for those who like gun kata style fighting.Slowing down time! Seriously useful and engaging feature that you just won't stop using. It feels like cheating sometimes but slowly landing whilst killing half a dozen ninjas with pistols then drawing swords to land, blade first on a bad guy is just a great end to a day no?There are control options that will give you free rotation and sliding around - set them on if you are VR experienced, it gives you the first person shooter freedom you need. Along with the dashes, slow time jumps (hold the jump button to keep time slowed down!) and eventually with enough upgrades quadruple jumps, you'll be untouchable.Oh and with blades, block bullets :).Minor downsides in this early access, there are a handful of locations and only three main enemy types. But they've been updating this game sometimes twice a day and each time it's a noticeable new thing that benefits you.So if you like a first person shooter, want to mix it up with blades, flying blades and guns and make like Neo in the Matrix then give this a shot. It's addictive :)"
76561198409832956,Recommended,555880,33994121,Posted: 3 August,all,ANNayaNNA,"Well, to be honest this is my third game in VR, tried Raw Data, Robot recall and now this!!!I have to be honest, the graphics are not tip top,i was facing lots of FPS drop when more than 3 enemies are in the scene. Theres a lot of flickering in the environement, and pretty much 3 type of enemies. Dont really think that its worth the $ but the jumping and slow motion effect really gave me the experience i was looking for.Hope that the devs fine tune a bit more the environements, give us more levels, more weapons, different sort of enemies...Overall fair experience!Thumbs up for the effort!!! keep it up guys."
76561198079485440,Recommended,555880,28526702,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheNeso27,"Very nice Game,seems very polished and I like the movement - slow mo styleI do recommend to give it a try.It has got various maps, enemies and weapons.You can find stuff to pimp your weapons stats, also there are skill points to distribute and gain from levelling.Also there are different game modes, wich will be presented to you.Update :   Still playing :D   short rounds but it improved greatly    I'd say a must have"
,Recommended,555880,34430007,Posted: 22 August,all,Jarik,My new favorite gamehttp://plays.tv/video/599d06f62deb4485d0/this-is-the-best-♥♥♥♥ing-thing-ever
,Recommended,555880,34807308,Posted: 7 September,all,Jon Maciel,My favorite VR game!I really love it!
,Recommended,555880,29594825,Posted: 30 January,all,FellFoe,"Excellent fun, I had to tear myself away in the end! The gameplay is close to a mashup of Shadow Sarrior and Serious Sam, and for what I'm guessing is a pretty indie studio it has a good amount of polish. There's a strong sense that the design knows where it's going.Only two actual maps atm, though loot and spawns randomise variously. The devs seem pretty active too.@Devs - great work with the sword blocking, best I've seen so far in VR. Other than the obvious that I'm sure you're working on, please could look into adding more ""weight"" to sword strikes on npcs (Improve hit anims, destructable models, ragdoll, etc.) Best of luck!"
,Recommended,555880,28518530,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,PsyoniX,"Game is very buggy with crash issues.  Despite that fact if you can get it to work, it's fun as hell.  Support this developer so they can improve their game!  So much fun.  There is an option for motion sick people which I used and the game was loads of fun with no nausea."
76561198015229121,Recommended,555880,32764994,Posted: 25 June,all,Shader,"Very nice game, good pace, very nice graphics, nice guns and cool shooting."
,Recommended,555880,30203187,Posted: 26 February,all,BangdUrMom420Yolo,For an hour the beard on my neck was gonemy endless collection of fat rolls vanishedthe smell of doritos turned into the smell of blood and pwnageand john wick came to me to say 'please teach me sempai'
76561198016642627,Recommended,555880,29172525,Posted: 10 January,all,Zbug,"This game nails what's fun about VR, and in no time you'll be dashing and slashing and gunning your way through hordes of ennemies. The controls are perfect, the locomotion system makes you feel like a real ninja, it's all intuitive and pure fun. Runs great, looks great, feels great. A bit short on content at the moment (it's early access after all), and it's way too easy to be really challenging, but the solid base for a great game is here. Tested on a rift + touch, 2 sensors roomscale, no issues whatsoever. 10/10 would become a sushi chef again."
,Recommended,555880,33830269,Posted: 27 July,all,Droidsky,"It's like if Warframe and Dishonored had the freakiest sex of their lives and a child somehow came of it. Neither of them knew what to do, so they sent him off to ninja school where he learned to soar through the air, run and jump off walls, and even SLOW DOWN TIME. Most importantly, he learned the ways of the sword, the bow, and all manner of ranged ballistic weaponry.Seriously though, it's an awesome game. Not for the motion sick people's of VR.Out of all the ""future VR shooters"", this is the most unique one I've played.Weapon and character customization (including weapon mods), awesome dismemberment and physics, and the overall feeling of badassery gives it a high replayability value for me.I would like more enemy types though!!!Bow and sword only or bust!"
76561198375331540,Recommended,555880,34728532,Posted: 3 September,all,MrBulldops,"The uh devs asked me not to type thisBut, goddammit, I'm going to type it anywayBecause I wrote it, and it's the truthI ♥♥♥♥ing love this gameIt's the best VR game ever, periodLadies and gentlemen, Sairento VRbut for real this game is amazing, pretty much what you want in a VR game."
76561198002044473,Recommended,555880,34648393,Posted: 31 August,all,Deaths,"Now this is more like it, might seem like a generic ninja VR game but this is really well done, patched often too which is good. One of the few VR games i wont refund. 7.5/10"
76561198007663277,Recommended,555880,35207220,Posted: 25 September,all,Jewel_Runner_VR,"I'll start with an amazing mixed reality video live streamed on twitch...If this doesnt sell you idk what will....This is unedited raw gameplayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrCnEjvAmD4&tOne video game to rule them all. This is that game. This is the VR game that will make a VR veteran go WOW. There is no experience in the universe like Sairento VR. I have not been able to put this game down. It is everything you would want in a ninja simulator. Everything is on point, from the hit detection to the art style to the weapons to the progression system to the itemization to the locomotion...The list goes on. Sairento is better than most video games not to mention VR games.If you want to be Neo from the Matrix.... Buy Sairento.If you want to do backflips in VR... Buy SairentoIf you want to simply feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥...Buy Sairento.Stop reading this and just buy it. You will not be disappointed. It is the most fun ive ever had in a video game and quite possibly my entire life."
76561198052376009,Recommended,555880,31871018,Posted: 20 May,all,Guitar5986,This is incredibly satisfying to play.  I feel like a total bamf
,Recommended,555880,29508485,Posted: 26 January,all,[AKA] decizion,One of my favorite vr game so far.
,Recommended,555880,30600010,Posted: 18 March,all,Tyrrin,This game is incredible and keeps getting better!!! The last update added some crazy movement to the teleport. Took me a little while to get used to it; now I am jumping all over the place like a ninja! I highly reccomend this game.
,Recommended,555880,28905747,Posted: 1 January,all,Cas (Cas & Chary VR),"Very surprised by this game, because it came out of nowhere. I haven't seen this game mentioned a lot, but saw it in the new games list so decided to check it out. And wow, what were we positively surprised! The game looks beautiful, has great animations and after every mission you get experience and loot to upgrade your equipment, which makes the game addictive.It is still in early access so missing some features still. Like I'd like to see some kind of map to see where the remaining enemies are. It has happened multiple times that after I almost finished the mission and there is 1 enemy left to eliminate I couldn't find him. It seemed like they don't come looking for me either. Also some kind of indication of how much health I have left would be nice."
76561198079450397,Recommended,555880,29596887,Posted: 30 January,all,Trevjosh,Thought I would leave quick review just to say that this game is so much fun! I thought this game would be a lot like raw data(Which just isnt really my cup of tea) but this game is so much better. If you are ok with wave shooters then this is the best of the best in my opinion and the crazy thing is it's only in early access so that means it can only get better.
76561198068633638,Recommended,555880,29661943,Posted: 2 February,all,StingingRumble,This game is really awesome it's just personally don't usually enjoy single player games... i would like to be able to play with in coop with a friend... the game is awesome i just dont think its quite enjoyable enough to play it alone.. not quite polished enough..its EA so thats okay though it will only improve..i will be picking it up again in the future when its more polished/feature complete.. and when MP is added :) (pls add it.. even if its just COOP... but man ... Multiplayer PVP with this kind of movement and attacking would just be amazing... there must be a way to make it work
76561198003143653,Recommended,555880,28524089,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,mirrorlu2002,Vote Positive
76561197971200127,Recommended,555880,31844047,Posted: 19 May,all,Awesome!,One of the best VR action games so far!
,Recommended,555880,29027804,Posted: 4 January,all,Old Man Shaggy,New favorite VR game i have never felt like such a badass.
,Recommended,555880,29297997,Posted: 16 January,all,stalkygrizzlepaw,"Fantastic.I was expecting to enjoy this.  I was not expecting to enjoy this this much.Combat is intuitive and fun, enemy variety leaves something to be desired.The item upgrade system is actually really great and surprised me.Hopefully they are building in a story mode in the future, as that's the main thing that's missing."
,Recommended,555880,30310124,Posted: 4 March,all,ᴇ ɢ ɢ,OMG this game is so much fun it makes you feel like thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Yf5WvNoM6w
,Recommended,555880,29219222,Posted: 13 January,all,Yamizaga,"Really excited to see the full vertsion of this game. Was totally worth the price, I could see myself playing this all the time with some more features."
,Recommended,555880,29283119,Posted: 15 January,all,dgtlhrt,"Check out my full review @https://vivereport.com/2017/01/11/sairento-vr-is-the-cyber-samurai-simulator-weve-all-been-waiting-for/Sairento VR has certainly satisfied my slash-and-shoot craving and even surpassed my initial expectation for what this genre of games could be like in VR. Every time I successfully block a few bullets with my Katana, then jump 40 feet across and over the enemies’ heads while beheading said enemies, performing a double jump then hurl a blade beam mid jump at an enemy in the distance and land in a glorious 360 spin as my blade decimates the last few enemies surrounding my selected landing spot, in slow motion, I smile and think “I am here, and this is real and I am a ninja.”"
76561198335417525,Recommended,555880,28701194,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,J-RUGER,AWSOME!!!!
,Recommended,555880,29190213,Posted: 11 January,all,Kris.vdv,"I don't know how I missed this one when it came out, but I'm glad I've found it. This is early access and a lot still has to be added according to the developers. If this is true, this game truly has great potential!  I already had so much fun jumping/flying through the air in slow motion while shooting with my uzi at enemies. It felt kinda wonderful being a bad♥♥♥♥♥ninja. :)"
76561198093837712,Recommended,555880,29347821,Posted: 18 January,all,ChronicDiarrhea,Very addicting.
76561198027717988,Recommended,555880,28621132,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,WarChild,"The game is a lot of fun so far.  It does a good job of making me feel like a powerful ninja.  The sword play is very generous on the player side and makes you feel like a super hero (even if it isn't perfect on your blocking).  The time slow is useable often and provides a lot of fun with the sword in my 8x8 space without being too paranoid of my bounds.  The loot drops are a nice touch, a lot of variety on numbers shows promise.Only cons I see are a lack of variety on map missions and the player defensive blocking could use some work."
76561198108671068,Recommended,555880,28726333,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,fiogr,Oculus Rift Touch.. Support 10/10My god .. This is the best of the best of the best VR game.Get it ...NOW !!!!!!
,Recommended,555880,29318180,Posted: 17 January,all,TheBadFish2,"I added this to my wishlist along with a handful of other games. Most of the games on my wishlist just rot there. I don't have a lot of time to play games. I was bored and looking for a good VR game. Let's admit this now. There is a lot of garbage VR games on Steam. It feels like developers are trying to get some quick cash grabs in a category with few games and no direction. Most games feel like unfinished tech demos at best. There are few games that are actually worth buying. Sairento is one of those you should buy. If this is early access, I'd love to invest money into this company. They did an amazing job.First, the gameplay feels crisp. The game gives you a movement option for those who get motion sick. I didn't think I would be motion sick until I played the roller coaster style games. I feel good with the jumping in this game but am glad the developer included that option. It shows that companies are making progression in VR by realizing that not everyone can tolerate it. Most games have the attitude of ""not our problem you get motion sick."" It is nice to see developers who care about the player.The controls are not as straight forward as they could be. The mechanics are a little odd. You do get used to them but it does take a bit. One option that developers may need to think about it allowing for changes in the key bindings."
76561198034863534,Not Recommended,555880,35289586,Posted: 29 September,all,Legin,Doesn't run on my rift.  Some continmual Launch cycle with a brief rift messge saying Sorry somethings wromg.  Also this occurs whether I start from Steam or Rift.  Looks fun otherwise
76561198034333109,Recommended,555880,29463906,Posted: 24 January,all,[BL] Pan (Recruiting),"The first time I played it the guns had holosight which where rather inaccurate (tried to headshot a men and shot him in his nards)Now with the new iron sights the guns feel dead on, The texture models of the guns are awsome with the shells popping out you can deflect those even with your sword in other directions real nifty awsome stuff there :D.The gameplay is also very fun, Select a random mission and get upgrades for weapons/new weapons earn experience to level up and gain skill points for passive upgrades and a few skills (would love to see more active skills),It also has some nice music in the game.At the moment this is definatly one my favorite VR game :) Great action, doesnt get boring quickly,I cant wait to see how much more they will improve on it."
76561197972320403,Recommended,555880,29043938,Posted: 5 January,all,Doenerkalle,"It's a good Early Access title. The fast gameplay is a lot of fun, the visuals are nice and the loot + leveling system will most probably keep you interested for several hours. The balancing (not only combat, also character system and loot) will be adressed by the devs in a later build so i guess you won't regret a purchase in EA."
,Not Recommended,555880,30704687,Posted: 24 March,all,Takuma Danuma,I got about ten minutes of fun dwibbling my swords in the enemies faces and killing them gently.... Then I realized I wanted my 25 dollars back.
,Recommended,555880,33931725,Posted: 31 July,all,RED-FROG,+1I love it!
76561197970879700,Recommended,555880,28736868,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KUKWES,I'm a Ninja. Best VR Game I have tired on Steam. Being able to see while teleporting is fantastic. They used some techniques to cause less motion sickness. I experienced no motion sickness. Oculus Rift User. Works really well with just two sensors. Lens flare is an issue with some lighting on the Oculus Rift. Maybe adding options to adjust brightness etc. Overall I had a blast. I can't wait to show this game off to friends.
76561198067182014,Recommended,555880,29310974,Posted: 16 January,all,Fivesyounger,Just get it. One of the only VR 'games' on steam which is actually has enough content to be a game.
76561198012915042,Recommended,555880,28771669,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,erlingheusm1,"Great job. Awesome immersion and idea for VR. I highly reccamend. You already heard all the good things, so here are things I think you DEF need to add. Add better hit reaction to the enemies. PLEASe OH PLEASE allow slidding on the floor like crysis 2 style while you shoot. The long jump is amazing, but it doesn't hit the ground with that action star feeling I was awaiting. I love this game, the lv system, upgrades, difficulites, and music. Keep adding to this thing. AWESOME!"
,Not Recommended,555880,29853402,Posted: 11 February,all,TheMattShaw,I got this game before I got RAW DATA. It was okay to play until playing RD. The hit detection with the sword is disappointing and it gets repetitive quite fast. I don't regret the purchase but I can't recommend people rush out and purchase this over Raw Data.
,Not Recommended,555880,29374302,Posted: 20 January,all,TheNarwhal,"It's an alright game, plays really well and runs amazingly, considering how great the details are. Can't say it looks great, though, as everything is the same bland gray, except the swords. That's not my biggest gripe with the game though. My biggest gripe is in the fact that it proved me wrong. When I played Warframe, I remember thinking ""Super athletic space ninjas chopping bad guys and monsters up at high speed?! This can NOT get boring!"" then I saw this, and figured it was Warframe in VR, basically. Which it is, except it's managed to be boring. Everything feels so slow, and clunky, added on to the fact that everything LOOKS so bland, makes it tough to like. If you like it, more power to you, but this is just my two cents."
76561197970204153,Not Recommended,555880,30285372,Posted: 2 March,all,Night Eye,"I really wanted to like this game, but the Touch controls were horrible."
76561198040020603,Not Recommended,555880,30310236,Posted: 4 March,all,God of Atheism,"Amazing, but then it deleted my save and all my hard work with the recent update. Even the update that was supposed to restore it didnt even work. Not only that, but after the update the framrate is SOOOO much worse. before the update my PC could handle it easy and i got no framerate issue. Now however, they mixed realms somehow managed to make the fps MUCH worse. I would really not recommend buying until they fix this. Until then Im not gonna play it."
,Not Recommended,555880,31866830,Posted: 20 May,all,Werver,"OK, so I'm 6'9"" and I hate when games give me a body. The reason it is so annoying, is that floating over the avatar's head really breaks the immersion. Whenever I am not looking up, I see this brown blob below me. I was really excited when it had a ""calibrate height"" option, but it didn't change the avatar nearly enough. The shoulder swords are at my mid back (which I can't reach easily), and the hip holsters are halfway down my thigh (also hard for me to reach). Also, the arms are 3/4 the length of mine, so I can't judge how close I can hit the enemies.On top of that, even the easiest setting is way to difficult. You take one shot and every enemy swarms you, the aggro range needs to be reduced dramatically.Additionally, the graphics a pretty bad, everything feels kind of low res, breaking the immersion.At the moment, the game is unplayable with these problems. I'm probably going to refund this game if it isn't fixed (or at least addressed) within a week."
,Not Recommended,555880,32883496,Posted: 27 June,all,RxStud,"If I could give it a neutral I would. The jumping mechanics are super cool, but it's a souless game. It's repetitive and not fun."
76561198017632588,Not Recommended,555880,31528315,Posted: 3 May,all,Paganist668,"just hold the tip of the sword inside an enemy and see them dienot for meedit:    of course its early xs, and the dev said this issue is being worked on -- so i'd say try the game in a few months :)"
,Not Recommended,555880,32847789,Posted: 27 June,all,Healyhatman,"The movement doesn't feel ""badass"" and ""awsesome"", as all those other reviewers said. And the in-game sword is really short so if you have a smaller play area you'll have to choose between letting the enemies kill you, or smashing your controllers into your walls."
,Not Recommended,555880,32752328,Posted: 24 June,all,TheFatherMind,"This is a good game.  It is coded well.  I just got bored of it REALLY QUICKLY.  This is similar to Raw Data on some levels.  In many ways it was done better.  The problem is it is just too easy.  Raw Data has a third factor this is missing.. Tower Defense.  This game would be much better if you were defending something.  Also if there were some variables or bosses to fight.  Raw data has a big variety of villans.. some are huge with rockets.. some explode, some come at you REALLY FAST... With some tweaking this game could be AMAZING!!"
76561198082959567,Not Recommended,555880,30708494,Posted: 24 March,all,BurgerKrieg,"It is just way too much of an asking price for an amateur early access title. This is a tech demo, if it where half the asking price I would support it and cheer it on to full release, but at the current price it feels like being ripped off."
76561197997080547,Not Recommended,555880,33079062,Posted: 1 July,all,SomeDevGuy,"I felt like it was clunky and had an extremely hard time reloading or just simply getting a weapon from one of the weapon slots.  Coolest thing was the jumping though.Maybe it'll improve?  Couldn't recommend in it's current state.  For the Rift users, if you've played Robo Recall, this one might be a let down in comparison."
76561198032534896,Not Recommended,555880,32168639,Posted: 3 June,all,WILLJLOVE,"Game is performance is terrible, i have two way sli titan xp's. It stuttters way to much, so much that i cant even play the game."
,Not Recommended,555880,29133553,Posted: 8 January,all,i208khonsu,"Another great Vive game destroyed by terrible controls.I don't understand how developers miss the easiest concepts of interfaces. Where to start? First we have weapon selection done by a floating menu rather than a pie menu. Floating menus don't work, never have, you're never going to make them work. They lack sufficent feedback to the player for them to swap weapons effortlessly through muscle memory. To top it off, accepting items in the menu is performed by the grip buttons.Using grip for accept is intutitivly backwards. Whenever we reach to pick something up (accept) we clench with our forefingers (trigger button) we don't clench with our middle finger, which is used for the grip buttons. Furthermore if you drop something (cancel) we relax our middle finger (releasing a grip press). Accept for every game should be button down on the trigger. Cancel for every game should be button up on grip. It's more intutitive, it's more immersive, I shouldn't have to think about un-natural actions to do what I want to do in these games.On top of this we have reload bound to shaking the remote. Was a decade of Wii games not enough to realize this is not a smart thing to do? What's even more annoying is that there's not feedback to know when you've sufficiently waggled your remote enough so you need to waggle your remote for a few seconds to get it to reload.Something that Sairento does kind of in the right direction is using dash teleport to ""jump"", or ascend vertically. One reason why vertically aligned levels are usually bad is because there's a break in the action as you have to accilerate up, stop, then accilerate down, and stop again. It's a lot more 'clunky' than a horizontaly arranged level where you can run around without interruption. As I was saying I was looking forward to vertical assention, but instead of dashing to your location, the game falls in the same pitfall of normal jumping when there's no reason for it. If the game wants to avoid clipping it does a bad job as levels are designed with arches everywhere you're jumping it seems.As pretty as this game is, the controls just make my head explode with rage. Please developers, don't do this."
,Not Recommended,555880,28868769,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,freshstart72,"So much potential.If you look really you can see there was to glimps of an awesome game.For those who don't want to look really hard and would prefer not to pay a large amount of money for a recipe of a cake rather than the cake, avoid."
,Not Recommended,555880,34084576,Posted: 7 August,all,[Easy]QuaZ,waste of time and money.
76561198093694653,Not Recommended,555880,28524378,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,LowlyKnight,"This game looks appealing, didn't notice it lacked oculus touch support so that's my bad, going for a refund now but hoping oculus touch gets some love in the future.  If it does I'll come back and check this out."
76561198345924484,Recommended,555880,30437946,Posted: 10 March,all,V1P3R63A,"Good idea, good implementation, but still some polish on movement and combat hit markers."
76561198003089915,Recommended,555880,30320516,Posted: 4 March,all,TargetLost,2 Katana and you are a devistating Ninja.Perfect VR Game for after work.Very good done.
76561198064874585,Recommended,555880,30604444,Posted: 18 March,all,Rekiosu,"Its pretty good, the developer could work a little on the graphics and how the enemies work and react to you though. Other than that, yeah. If you have the money buy it!"
,Recommended,555880,30685874,Posted: 23 March,all,simonharrycox,"The most gratuitously cool and satisfying game I have ever played.Double jumping 40 feet onto th 2nd level floor, across the room, whilst blasting an enemy with your shotgun and cutting the other in half with a katana. Sooooo very, very cool.Not as slick looking as Raw Data and I have to say, I wish there were more interesting enemies and a few more levels.Hopefully more features will be released soon. I completed the game quite quickly and with some ease (I didn't die once, disappointingly). PLEASE ADD MORE!9/10"
,Recommended,555880,28533287,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,KaneChopwood,"SO much more fun than Raw Data. It's an easy comparison to make, but this developer just hits the nail on the head when it comes to -really- reliving your childhood fantasies. Including the mall-ninja vibe. The only thing missing are chase sequences on Akira-esque motorcycles and katana's.THE GOOD :Very decent graphics and art direction. Maybe not in everyone's alley but the game already has a lot of polish. The maps look great.Straightforward UI. Nothing fancy but neatly designed. Switching weapons works surprisingly well.On the fly (literally) slow motion. It gives you so much more 'artistic freedom' ;) Playing this in real time, all the time, would end up in a spazz-fest, ripped curtains and broken lamps included.Focus on single player. There quite some VR shooters which appeal to me but most of them are multiplayer only, and have a steep learning curve. This game makes you feel bad♥♥♥♥♥in the first minute of play.It feels like most of the core mechanics are there, and work well. This game is ripe for more content, so that's promising.THE BADUseless iron sights/dots. Resolution wise it would make sense to make the sights a bit bigger, wider and simpler. The triple red circle reddot on the pistolis just defeating it's own purpose.More required momentum for the sword hits. I know this is hard to tackle, but there were multiple instance where enemies just walked into my blade and died. I guess it's just really sharp.Choppy animations. Enemy movement feels to 'skatey', and transitions into attacks are very choppy. Needs more weight and momentum. Could make sword duels a bit more engaging.A.I. : It isn't bad. But it could use some work, for variety sake. Make them dodge, roll into corners, duck, take cover, whatever. Right now they feel way too static. Also, just make them STOP walking sometimes. You know, just pause. Because they feel like a horde of magnets coming towards me."
76561197973389596,Recommended,555880,28539115,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Fuinelen,Makes you feel completely badass as you swivel around and slice and dice your opponents. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,555880,33334304,Posted: 6 July,all,Kahlraxin,"Without a doubt, this is the most fun I've had in a VR game. HATS OFF to the devs of this game.Pros:1) Movement!  The most exciting movement mechanics that I've tried.  Jumping through the air slowing down time and slicing or shooting enemies who are also mid-air.  Then landing in a crouch to slide forward 10-15 feet with your swords held out to slice someone in half that was standing on the ground where you landed? Epic.2) Feels like it will have some longevity.  There are skill upgrades, item upgrades, looting.  I'm interested to see how this progresses.3) Environment.  The areas are big enough not to feel claustorphobic.  The art style is fantastic.  I particularly enjoy the street level environment.  Neon signs, trash on the ground, you can navigate to the rooftops or back alleys... Feels like a blade runner-esque setting.4) Controls.  They are easy to learn.  At first, there is a lot you can do and you might find yourself unsure of what to do.  But once you have gone through a level or two jumping, sliding, and wall running become second nature.  The action is very fast, so it is sometimes hard to pay attention to running out of ammo.  But that's just because there is so much going on and is entirely based on your presence of mine.  The act of reloading is fairly simple.Cons - Everything I've found so far, is something that the devs have said they are addressing as part of early access:1) No story.  This game is BEGGING for a cool story.  The setting is fantastic, and I would love to have some kind of story/character interaction to drive the gameplay.2) So far the enemy variety is small.  Again, something the devs have said are on the roadmap for full release.  I'd love to see harder boss-style enemies at some point.  With creative mechanics to defeat them.3) Configuration.  Other than the initial game launch, I couldn't figure out how to recalibrate my crouch level.  It may be there, and I just missed it, but it could be more obvious.Anyhow, if you have VR, I highly recommend grabbing this.  Definitely not a game to introduce someone to VR with... unless you want holes in your wall, or broken controllers.  But, it is a great example of some really fun combat.I can't wait to see this game progress through EA."
,Recommended,555880,33436801,Posted: 10 July,all,TheKozmonaut,Superhot meets hidden tiger crouching dragon with some motion sickness.  10/10
,Recommended,555880,33266483,Posted: 5 July,all,Bolexle,One of the fun VR games I have purchased out of the 50 some odd games I own. Only thing its missing is multiplayer. And that is planned for the full release!
,Recommended,555880,33333281,Posted: 6 July,all,bcat,"This is my favorite VR game to play when I want a workout.... The action is fast-paced, and the bullet time mechanic makes it managable and fun, not too insane to play. Plus, it's actively updated, and the dev listens to feedback... what's not to like?"
76561198215941028,Recommended,555880,33342954,Posted: 7 July,all,Nick,This game just keeps getting better and better. The gameplay is remarkable!!!
76561198103404542,Recommended,555880,33260361,Posted: 4 July,all,Fatel28,"This game has an amazing movement system, it takes a little to get used to, but once you get your VR legs, its one of the best movement systems I've experienced. Can't wait to see what other games this team will make."
76561197985710653,Recommended,555880,33278536,Posted: 5 July,all,Cyntil,Are you a regular guy wanting to be a time warping quad air jumping ninja of total destruction? If the answer is Yes - buy this NOW and let the ninja within out!
76561198056057483,Recommended,555880,33286312,Posted: 5 July,all,Lil Tibbles csgogem.com,If you have spare money just buy it and play it.One of my favorite VR games
76561198020519870,Recommended,555880,33407242,Posted: 9 July,all,Hungrypiemonger,"This game is excellent. I was scared that i wouldn't be able to play it as i usually get motion sick but i was fine. the graphics are awesome and the weapons/upgrade crafting are plentiful. I am hoping they make more levels soon as 3 are way too few. the game feels like playing warframe in vr which is just great. this is easily the best vr game out right now and its only in early access, imagine what it will be like when finished."
76561197962072634,Recommended,555880,33392200,Posted: 8 July,all,Shifty,This is a must own game for everyone. So much fun. HAve you ever wanted to be neo from the Matrix? Well then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,555880,28550472,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Xriah,"Uh oh... Looks like Raw Data has some competition...Very VERY promising start. The feel of the action is fantastic, giving plenty of slomo and jumping to make you feel like a badass!  I'm very curious to see how this stands once there's more content in it.EDIT:7 months later and it stands amazing! This is easily my favorite of the action combat VR games. I've picked it up again after giving VR a break, and it's come so far. It's clear from what's added that the developer just ""gets it"". The weapons, the slomo, being able to hold the sword backhand as well as forehand, the wallrunning, climbing onto the rooftops and slicing people as you jump through the sky.I love this game.GOD DAMN, I love this game! Everytime I pick this thing up, I cannot bring myself to stop playing until I'm sweating buckets.Buy it."
76561198043518696,Recommended,555880,33495249,Posted: 12 July,all,ironman9967,best movement in vr. great game
,Recommended,555880,33473543,Posted: 12 July,all,Derelict,"Sairento is my favorite VR game using the tracked motion controller input scheme, by far.Would love to see a 'safe' chaperone option, that freezes the game for a few seconds if your motion controllers exit the play area, simply because you end up moving around so much in this game."
76561198026007011,Recommended,555880,33526307,Posted: 13 July,all,joeness84,"All they hype you've heard, doesnt even come close to how amazing this game is, and more importantly, how ♥♥♥♥ing BADASS the game makes you feel."
,Recommended,555880,33583797,Posted: 16 July,all,hihi1210,"Sairento VR is 1 of the coolest action vr fps just like Superhot VR and Raw Data.The movement system is fresh , fun and innovative in the VR Genre. The mechanics make the game highly enjoyable.However, there's only a few enemy types and just few unconnected repeatable missions  just like mobile games.At the mean time, if you like a complete experience i would recommend Raw Data or Arizona Sunshine which is more polished , has more content and coop support.This game still in early access and need more time to develop new features like coop and campaign mode."
76561198045273738,Recommended,555880,33541691,Posted: 14 July,all,Kalle,"Amazing game with the best movement I've played so far in room scale VR.I'm making weird ninja noises while playing (my wife keeps laughing at me, I don't care).I really wish there was a way to make the missions longer though. There is too much downtime in between them."
,Recommended,555880,33549339,Posted: 14 July,all,Cwan,This game keeps getting better and better! the videos dont do it justice! You really feel like the super action hero you would always dream about!
,Recommended,555880,33578168,Posted: 15 July,all,Gekko,This game makes you feel like a cyberninja.  Not sort of...entirely.  The bow is awesome.  The swords are awesome.  Play this game.
76561198000487988,Recommended,555880,33588400,Posted: 16 July,all,gutang,Totally awesome game. Devs seem cool.
,Recommended,555880,33600465,Posted: 16 July,all,Nolv,"Simply put, one of the best VR games to date. Though the content runs dry after some hours, it is made up by the incredibly fun, smooth and customizable gameplay. The game also recieves regular updates.  If any bugs or glitches occur in the game, the devs will listen and work actively to fix any issues you encounter. I can't speak highly enough of the devs, as this is how an Early Access Game should be treated. Well done, really!"
76561198039020745,Recommended,555880,30658793,Posted: 21 March,all,posthum,Very solid game and fun for hours on end. Easily my favorite shooter type game in VR and generally the only VR game I keep coming back to.Difficulty modes allow for tailoring your experience to your likes. Item pickups and a variety of possible loadouts ensure long term motivation. The game also looks really good.*edit* The performance drops mentioned in some of the reviews and previously mine as well have stopped for me with the latest patch. The game runs as smooth as it did when it fist came out.
,Recommended,555880,31615153,Posted: 7 May,all,SneakyJoe.ru,"I had huge problems with oculus - bad tracking, ""waiting for game"" messages on steam overlay. Since then devs made some patches, and I've bought myself a nerw PC with a better cpu. No clue which halped with tracking losses, but now I managed to get some pleasure from the game. Guns are practically useless,  so swords only. And for swords you need lots of space to rotate and to swing your arms.Jumps still gives you blur, and I'm not sure if there's an option to disable it, as they said.Anyways, now if you want to cut some asian girls in halves, you can try this game."
,Recommended,555880,29532132,Posted: 27 January,all,Rocky,"June 2017 Update ReviewChanged to THUMBS UP, this game now has so much more content and the dev team are bringing more improvements - this is now a fun experience, glad I bought it!Beta Review from Jan '17I've just over 1 hour of solid gameplay in to the most expensive game in my 70 strong VR library.I've broke sweat playing this, but only after I pumped the difficulty up as the easy levels are ridiculously easy.This  game shows lots of promise, but in my opinion is way over priced at the moment.Developers have to weigh up whether customers are getting early access to beta test their game, or for ""early access"" to a full blown game and price accordingly. I think they got it wrong here - this is essentially a one trick pony right now so I have to give this a thumbs down for content versus price point. Considering all the games I have and what I paid for them, on balance, sorry but this is overpriced at around £20.Since I shelled out for this, and it has promise, I'd like to see it develop much more though, so here's my constructive critiscm for the devs.What I liked+ cyberpunk setting (generally)+ sword fights (not much of a fight right now though)+ sliding into enemys with a death blow+ graphics and textures are good+ mocap is very good and smooth (more please)+ control scheme is good, and cleverI'd like to see- please made it easier to switch weapon, its too cumbersome to Press button/Select/Grasp, perhaps use the left hand thumb pad- more rewarding sword fights (ie combos!)- more sword techniques rewarded (ie horz slash/vert slash/stabbing/decapitation/limbs!)- different enemies with unique challenges (samurai/karate master/male and female/etc)- bosses?- more focus on core gameplay less on DLC upgrades- Arena fights (1 v1) to develop skill and combos- Multiplayer- more game modesThings I noticed- Ammo tokens said FULL, but I seemed to be empty...?- during training enemy freeze/running stationary (not in game though)- please put a reminder on Easy levels how to open red boxes for new playersFinal Words- So much promise, please make me come back :o)"
76561197970478927,Recommended,555880,31976649,Posted: 26 May,all,vangel,"New EDIT:Ok, the developers are keen to help and seams to be taking it seriously. Performance got better and some bugs are being ironed out. Looks promising now. The game is fun. Do you want to be a ninja in VR? This is something close.How the f**k can someone implement so many bugs in a such simple game?The train map is broken on 80%. Either enemies shoot at you from outside of the level or the dloors don't open to the net room, despite having cleared the area.Yesterday they had crashes on level end, every time (100%). Today they fixed it, but introduced a crash on steam-key press, also every-time.After warps weapons aren't active for about one second, which is annoying like hell seeing your weapons do nothing to the enemies in direct vicincy.Performance is extreamelly bad with fickering frames and shudder for this mobile-game level of graphics.The power-ups are completelly unbalanced and hard to find thanks to mediocre menu design.Weapons reloadiong by shaking the weapons is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sometimes you flicker and shake the weapons for about 10 seconds and no reaload. Especially the left weapon don't really care about reloading when the player wants it. A frustrating and annoying game, it's an even worse let-down because the principles and fighting styöe is in basic very cool and satisfying."
,Recommended,555880,28545756,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Moon,Amazing!
,Recommended,555880,31713207,Posted: 12 May,all,Roni,"This is the real deal!If you like ninjas/samurai and/or sci-fi shooters with some swordplay sprinkled in, this game is a must have.It is early access and so much fun, combat is quite fluid, the badassery you can do by wielding your weapons: pistols, smgs, shotguns, rifles and swords is mind blowing, you can even re combine your weapons while bullets fly toward your face.SairentoVR excels on its own and compared to other VR games at weapon variety, weapon upgrades, convenient reload time and method, loadout variety and customization and fast pace combat .This early access game needs polish and tweaks, I'm very confident about the talented developers and I can't wait for the next patch."
,Recommended,555880,31890761,Posted: 21 May,all,Mr. Hands,"Update:The major performance issues with the game are fixed as of now, after many patches within the week one was the magic bullet- the game is more playable across the boardThe easiest way to describe this game is like Warframe vr. Its fast, all over the place- and gives a prety substancial veriety of weapons to choose from. So long as performance remains consistant with future updates I whole-heartedly reccomend this game."
76561197972032192,Recommended,555880,31848387,Posted: 19 May,all,Razz,"This is my favorite VR game out there right now, though there are some issues with the game. But that is understandable due to early access. The fact that the developers are on the issues, and have been releasing patches to address them is very encouraging in this saturated VR market where people drop a title, and forget about it. In the current build as of 5/26/2017 the biggest issues I am having is slight frame rate issues on the train level, some times weapons will not reload, some enemies are invinsible at times. Unfortunatley the latter issue is a game breaker when it happens, forcing me to restart the level. But considering that the updates keep coming, I am recommending this game as a must have for anyone who likes VR action games."
,Recommended,555880,30280302,Posted: 2 March,all,Roy,"This game has incredibly involved and awesome developers, i haven't tried the game since one of the earlier versions but judging from the update logs it's almost like a completely new game.Will make a new review when i get the chance."
76561198043268694,Recommended,555880,32775137,Posted: 25 June,all,Nedrith,"I've been playing this game for a while.  I have to say at the beginning it's impressive and it's only been getting better through Early Access.Jumping and firing in slow motion is awesome.  Swords are awesome.  Moving around quickly while bullets are swarming you is great.  Being able Wall run, slide and all the other fun things in this game is great.Weapons selection is phenominal.  You have 3 different kinds of pistols, 3 different kinds of swords, 2 seperate shotguns, a couple of SMGs, a few Assault Rifles including a sniper, and some projectile weapons.  With 5 weapons slots to equip them in and on the fly switching between hands there are a lot of possibilities.Add to all of that relics to upgrade weapons and armor, A relic crafting system, a Skill tree system, and there is a lot going on in this game.  Fighting can be very hectic and very fun. This game just keeps getting better also.Highly recommended game."
,Recommended,555880,28734543,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sellorio,"This game is still LEGENDARY and is being actively developed with weekly updates.The gun gameplay is fun and satisfying with any type of gun you could imagine from Pistols to Sniper Rifles.Melee combat is supported with full 1-to-1 hitting and blocking and you can even deflect bullets back at the attacker (unlocked by talents or gear). This is the best Jedi-like experience you can get.And a recent addition to the game: throwable weapons! This includes Shurikans and Throwing Knifes (which can be collected from the ground/corpses) but the real highlight (for me at least) is the Glaves. They double as both a melee weapon and you can throw them and they come back to you! Words cannot describe how fun it is to fling those around when dual wielding.The game has a full progression system with leveling to unlock perks and collecting gear from missions to refine how you play.More game modes and maps are coming in every month or two so the game stays fresh.The game has good music and acceptable sounds effects, no voice work at the moment.The game also has good graphics options so that if you're running a low-spec machine (GTX 970 here) then you can smooth out that framerate with ease.Some minor issues exist (like gun alignment being about 15 degrees off controllers - I think its intentional) and shooting/throwing at point blank can sometimes not register but they are just minor inconveniences.If you still haven't got this game, get it. It is worth every penny (and maybe more)."
76561197970410772,Recommended,555880,29070727,Posted: 6 January,all,Vhaloo,Worth every single penny even in Beta
76561198322185949,Recommended,555880,29046414,Posted: 5 January,all,Doc-Orange,Hi. Of course this is early access but its a lot of fun. There are interesting movement which let you feel as a bad-a**-ninja. There is bullet time and a nice control scheme which is very handy. Oculus Touch is working really good!
76561198122682839,Recommended,555880,29022520,Posted: 4 January,all,shineonka,"The mechanics are solid, the leap and blink locomotion can be a little jarring if prone to motion sickness.  The amount of content of content at this point in early access is great.  Has a loot drop system similar to shadow warrior 2 with upgrades to weapon statistics and for aesthetic customization.  A great foundation to build on, worth it in my mind now at this price point, should be even better as time goes on."
,Recommended,555880,28882721,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BankDuds,"I have quite a few VR games for the Vive , and this is the only game that has compelled me to write anything about it. this is without a doubt the most fun Ive had playing a game on my Vive. It is lacking content atm , but it look VERY promising and I will continue to play it throughout development. TBH compaired to alot of these ""games"" out  for VR it holds it own as far as amount of content."
,Recommended,555880,28978947,Posted: 3 January,all,SgtShivers,"yea, this game is awesome.  I give it a solid very positive review, and that's not counting what the developers have in store for future updates.  It has everything I want.  sword fighting action, deflecting bullets, cool abilities, being able to jump and double jump to land/slice enemies, bullet time.  The best way to describe is is pure badass fun."
,Recommended,555880,28993872,Posted: 3 January,all,Krushalotapus,"This game is an absolute blast. The sword play is a little sensitive and depth can be an issue, but pointing your blade at an enemy and dashing through them is one of the most satisfying combat experiences i've had in vr. I've only had my vive for a few days now and demo'd a handful of games, but this one is by far one of my favorites."
76561197971977149,Recommended,555880,29133094,Posted: 8 January,all,NoobieKuan,SO MUCH FUN. One of the best combat mechanics in a VR titles. Run super smooth on my OC i5 4690K + 1070. Devs did a great job.
76561198353669150,Recommended,555880,29133508,Posted: 8 January,all,ferrisvr1,"once you find your favorite pairing of weapons and style of play, this is one of the most fun VR games currently available. I will admit that it can be easy, but if youre a beginner and you set the difficulty to master, you will be challenged for a while."
76561198030449104,Recommended,555880,28741442,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rirok,I'm having a blast with this game and I'm excited to see where it's going!  The developers are very responsive and have already taken suggestions from the community and implimented them into the game.  It's hardly been a week!
76561198045762947,Recommended,555880,30231436,Posted: 27 February,all,SAVjosh42,My favorite VR experience to date. Get it.
76561197978063793,Recommended,555880,30305163,Posted: 3 March,all,TommyDeus,"The most fun I've had with VR so far. I get motion sickness easily, and I thought this new locomotion system would really mess me up. I was pleasantly surprised that I was able to play this for HOURS with no issue at all. Once you get used to the idea that you can just jump jump jump anywhere the game gets reaaaaally interesting. Still some kinks to work out, but probably the most fun I've had with a shooter on the Vive :D"
76561198103098133,Recommended,555880,30026983,Posted: 18 February,all,BlastedB1800,"For liking Raw Data , if you want to play solo just the sakes of wanting a bit of all characters in Raw Data, sairento gives the best taste in in an all in one. It's amazing !"
76561198323331715,Recommended,555880,30210404,Posted: 26 February,all,Nolomite,"Loved the game mechanics of this game, probably one of top 5 VR games out right now.  It is a wave shooter, but a fun one.  Worth it if you have VR.  It's sort of like Raw Data, except the mechanics are much more fun.  Raw Data still has more polish and more interesting levels, but the game mechanics takes this game a notch above."
,Recommended,555880,31192790,Posted: 16 April,all,Trux,"Fantastic exhibition of what VR is capable of, I realize it is still in early access but the sense of speed and choreography of movement and attack is... I've never felt a game that played like this.  It does still need polish and more content but the base mechanics are fantastic."
76561198013607371,Recommended,555880,29213676,Posted: 12 January,all,P h i l ツ,"great single player hack n shootem in an arena setting. a different game modes but basically the same thing. entertaining for short periods of time, controls and all that are good.get it!"
76561198029779000,Recommended,555880,29171494,Posted: 10 January,all,Kelthanas,This is probably the most fun I've had in VR so far! The gameplay is awesome! The only thing I wish for is more content and that the harder difficulties actually provide a challenge. But it's great to see the devs releasing updates frequently and listening to the community :)I highly recommend giving this one a try!
76561197980908621,Recommended,555880,29228312,Posted: 13 January,all,godisnowhere,"What an amazing game.This VR action shooter is exactly how I dream.My only minor gripe is that the reload action is not as swift as I think it could be, but this doesn't detract from the pure joy of this game.Great work..."
76561198040677098,Recommended,555880,29432475,Posted: 22 January,all,TheXCodec,"This game is AMAZING, but be prepared to put your VR legs on if you want to do jumping affects without the blink affect. The action is amazing and you feel like a god once you level up and its a good work out too.It is like super hot, raw data and time crysis had an amazing baby with good graphics.Cons:I can see the game play getting old after maybe 3-4 hours until they add more content but in its early phase it is great and the fact you good random loot to upgrade things is a great thing to help you continue playing."
76561198017015279,Recommended,555880,29432987,Posted: 22 January,all,nimrod3841,So I took a gamble on this one early on and I love it. It only lacks a storyline really. It will eventually get pretty repetitive but it's still awesome. Visuals and gameplay are some of the best I've seen on VR so far.
76561197976517583,Recommended,555880,28558505,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ProSoft2,"Blink, slice, jump, slice, blink, shooooot, doublejump, shoot in slomo while in midair-doublejump, smile, blink, sliiiiice.....happy i checked it out :)))...but you can also try to play stealthy, it´s up to you...AWESOMEAnd don´t forget to search for all upgrade-boxes after clearing the stage^^Great fun this game is, the fastest and simply the best splatter-action i had in VR till now.Looking forward for MORE ;)))"
,Recommended,555880,29298277,Posted: 16 January,all,ChivalricSloth,"A very enjoyable game. I can see myself spending a lot of time playing this. One of my favorites so far. The jumping mechanic works surprisingly well, especially while being able to slow time.Only con is the guns are a bit difficult to accurately aim. But I have been spoiled by other VR games that focus on that."
76561197970492370,Recommended,555880,29637813,Posted: 1 February,all,daddyfatsacks,"Without a doubt the most fun and satisfying game for me so far on the Vive. The locomotion is spot on, and an already solid amount of content. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,555880,29774111,Posted: 7 February,all,Lazengann,Great gameplay. No regrets.Will re-visit this review when it's out of Early Access.
76561198197768041,Recommended,555880,29652677,Posted: 2 February,all,Denied Chav - 雨,"Favourite game for the vive,  think of genjis ult but in vr.Pros:Great graphics that you can change in the menuEnough maps to not get bored of them quicklyGuns for most playstyles (I'm still unlocking all of them)If a gun doesn't suit your style there are countless relics available to make the gun suit you, changing anything from the penetration number to increasing your shotgun spreadNice menu where you can buy and sell your relics and upgrade your characterMany different abilities to level upGreat soundtracklots of replayabilityVery variable difficulty, although it gets harder the more you level up you can change something in the settings with MASSIVELY changes the difficulty making it suitable for hardcores and casualsCons:sountrack having issues with copyright on youtube (devs are resolving this and working on original sountrack)weird issue with the bloom feature, after turning it off in the settings everything is normalSometimes AI can be a bit wobbly, I'm sure they will improve it soonHad only one glitch where I teleported out the map, a bit of jumping eventually got me back on it thoughVerdict: Amazing progression and replayablity make this a must buy for anyone that loves sword or gun games"
,Recommended,555880,29653430,Posted: 2 February,all,Assarsin33,"Game is incredible, 10/10."
76561198005886219,Recommended,555880,29914227,Posted: 13 February,all,Pain Killler,Ever wanted to be a ninja?Ever wanted to slow down time and dodge bullets?Then this game is for you.
76561198362366464,Recommended,555880,29628596,Posted: 1 February,all,nabilmag,Kick♥♥♥♥♥game!
,Recommended,555880,29617181,Posted: 31 January,all,Songbearer,"Tons of promise. A superb action game with a decent progression system, which rewards mobile, high-speed playstyles. A refreshing change from most shooters currently on the VR market which tend to rely heavily on cover.With dual weilding, bullet time, melee combat and a simple but engaging loot system, there's enough content here even in the early stages of this game's development to justify reccomending this game to the vast majority of VR owners.Sairento's mobility options feel very intuitive and feel extremely slick, which makes pulling off acrobatic manuvers such as double jumps, wallruns, dashes and even sliding simple and rewarding every time.Optional trackpad locomotion means that Sairento is absolutely one of the best games currently on the market when it comes to movement, as you can freely explore the level without feeling rooted in place. Even without it, the emphasis on verticality and rapidly dashing between enemies makes the gameplay feel far more dynamic than most games.There are a few rough edges which are understandable for a game that's early in development: Sound design is fairly minimalistic, with no enemy cues and very few ambient noises. Melee combat is functional but lacks presence and weight, and there's a lack of variety in environments and enemy types, but even with these issues it's a solid, entertaining game.The devs seem to be putting a lot of effort into making the game as good as they can, so I'm very eager to see how far they take it. As it stands, Sairento is a very interesting and fun shooter that offers an experience that makes most of its rivals feel flat in comparison."
76561198151392511,Recommended,555880,29581306,Posted: 30 January,all,Blackmire,The best first person shooter for VR! Love this game!Check out my gameplay/review video here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIyj-YNElbM
,Recommended,555880,33259364,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr_Saturn,"Even in early access this game is incredible. I'm amazed that this amount of crazy movement options just work. You can become a ninja firing arrows while running along a wall, a commando firing double uzis into a horde of enemies or a cyberpunk-worthy jedi, sliding on his knees while decapitating two foes at once. It's just amazing."
,Recommended,555880,33614195,Posted: 17 July,all,Arahoushi,"This has a very cool, Ghost in the Shell vibe about it.  Colors are very bright and vibrant, the movment is spot on.  I am not sold on the melee weapons, as there is something about the tracking that isn't exactly right for me, but this is still early access.  I love the amount of customization, and the relic system takes away some of the tedium.As for cons, lack of locales, and 3 basic mob types are really what is holding this back at this point for me.  It definitely needs more variety to keep the gameplay from going stale.Being early access doesn't hold it back from being a must try, especially with the drought of good roomscale games.  If you like being a teleporting, wall running, scythe of destruction, pick this up."
,Recommended,555880,34783407,Posted: 6 September,all,Rhyper,What an incredible experience.
76561198040630251,Recommended,555880,33650291,Posted: 19 July,all,Kapa123123,Great game with continuous updates :D
76561197960275516,Recommended,555880,28948030,Posted: 2 January,all,rek,"UPDATE:Finally got my Vive setup at my new place and was excited to try out all these big updates. A lot of big improvements have been made in many areas, but most importantly of all they have fixed melee in a way where it is still strong and fun without ruining the rest of the game. You actually have to swing now, enemies actually block now, and that means it's no longer just mindlessly teleporting to victory with your sword pointed out in any random direction. Switching this to positive now as my primary complaints have all been addressed, excited to play more and see how it stands up with time.OLD REVIEW (negative):This game is okay, it's almost really good. I like the movement, the jump mechanic, the menus, and a lot of the general ideas. It has one flaw but that one flaw is so huge it really kind of destroys the entire game for me: it's absurdly easy. I don't just mean it's not competitive or challenging, even on the hardest setting it seems impossible to ever die.I'm sure you could lose if you stood next to a couple enemies and refused to take out a weapon, but I can't imagine anyone with any experience in playing a VR game would ever die once on any mission unless it was intentional. That flaw makes the itemization completely irrelevant. It makes using any of the guns completely pointless. It means there is never any strategy or any skill involved in the gameplay at all.To make it worse you don't really even need to hit anything with melee: you just point a controller out in a general direction and the monsters effectively kill themselves. Imagine having a lightsaber that instantly killed anything within a foot of it, so powerful you accidently killed people more often than you did intentionally. Now remove how fun that sounds and what you have left is the melee combat in this game.At half the price I'd likely recommend it for all the things I do like about it, and I hope that at some point I can switch this review to positive because the game has potential, but until it becomes actually possible to lose a mission at least once on the hardest settings I just can't see any replay value beyond a couple hours of screwing around. If you at least had to swing the absurdly overpowered swords around it would at least be entertaining, but as it is you just kinda stand still and win by default."
,Recommended,555880,31076136,Posted: 11 April,all,Phaser Rave,"If you want to jump in a game to just shoot stuff as a scifi ninja, while avoiding cutscenes and other obstacles, this is the game to do it with. As of writing, the game is fairly basic in terms of game modes, but fun nonetheless.If you're not burdened by motion sickness, you can use the dash and jump movement controls to leap around the map, and slide movement. Otherwise, you can change the settings to make the jump more teleportey.While I find the game to be pretty fun, it doesn't feel like a full game. I still think it's worth it just to feel like Neo.July 20, 2017 edit:The game just keeps getting better. The developers recently added some new weapons and customization options, as well as a few features suggested by the community. Most fun I've had in VR."
,Recommended,555880,33676612,Posted: 20 July,all,Falsedemise,"Amazing Game.  Amazing developers, I wish more devs would be like Sairento devs and listen to their fanbase.This game is being updated with new stuff constantly, and the experience is getting better and better because of it.  Out of all the VR games that I have I'd easily pet Sairento into one of the top 2 spots."
,Recommended,555880,32843472,Posted: 26 June,all,Dale Earnheart #3,Devs are exellent! Game is awesome!Looking forward to more content as enemies can become stale after chopping thousands of the same three looking fools in half.
76561198010857048,Recommended,555880,33886532,Posted: 29 July,all,MotherOfFaggots,You like Hanzo? You like Genji ? This game feels exactly playing a combination of the two. Great wave shooter ! most fun one to date.Movements are amazing and don't give nausea and combat has a lot of options. I r8 8/8
76561198002097991,Recommended,555880,33935234,Posted: 31 July,all,HiredGun>SG<,This was one of the first games I bought for my Oculus and the game has been such an addicting expierence! This game has all the action of the Matrix slowdown/Gunplay/Swordplay style combat. The way you can jump in the air and go into a slow mo and use your hand gun to deal punishment while brandishing your katana just feels so satisfying. You can upgrade your equipment and make a custom loadout as well. If you're looking for a VR experience that is pure action then this is the game that is missing from your collection and you'll want to pick up asap. The game is frequently updated as well so you know the developer isn't just gonna abandon this project.
76561198296687482,Recommended,555880,30883274,Posted: 1 April,all,Wallie,When i first bought this game i could'nt recommend it. It's been a few months so i thought i would give it another try and if feels like a totally differnent game. The progress the devs made in that amount of time is pretty awesome. I thought this game had potential and now I know it  does. It's a really good game as of right now and if the progress continues at this rate it will be an amazing game soon. I would absolutely recommend this game.
76561198007990444,Recommended,555880,33581406,Posted: 16 July,all,Slayer,Awesome game..I compare this to Raw Data which was my favourite game of its type on vr but this one just takes it that step further with great movement and gameplay Sairento has definately become number 1 on my list.
,Recommended,555880,34351654,Posted: 19 August,all,mazzamune,"If it were any other VR developer they would've pushed this exact game out the door and said it's ready to sell for 39.99.Instead the studio behind this game introduced it for a discounted price and is continuing to add great quality work to the product at this time.I saw it was going up to 29.99 soon so I snagged it at 24.99 but then realized the polish on this game will soon be worth a full priced game especially considering the VR market.Graphics look great. Sound is good. The gameplay loop is incredibly fun mixing Gunkata and Slow Mo action sequences in such a badass smooth fashion. The way that the developers introduced their teleport motion system is freaking awesome.Jump slashing evil samurai is way too fun.IF you are hesitant at all to buying this game get it NOW before the price goes up.. it'll still be worth it then, but why pay more when you can pull the trigger now and start slashing your way through samurai cyborgs."
,Recommended,555880,34445679,Posted: 23 August,all,[RD] Kura_VII,Probably the best VR game so far.
76561198084091702,Recommended,555880,34419643,Posted: 22 August,all,DOUGHYYYYY,Best Vr Game i have played so far.i own an abundance of Vr games yet this is the only one i see myself going back to all the time. the developers have made an amazing job at creating a very immersive badass game. keep up the constant updates always surprises me with new content
,Recommended,555880,33654854,Posted: 19 July,all,Goinglopsided,Well worth it! Best movement in an action slasher so far on VR! One of my most played games with that already has a solid gameplay hook/loop to keep you engaged for hours. With frequent updates to keep the game fresh as well. Has tonnes of locomotion options for new VR gamers and those that have their VR legs already.
76561198347678360,Recommended,555880,34619794,Posted: 30 August,all,romshadow,"Ok if it looks interesting to you- it is. This is hands down my favorite game on Oculus so far. It seems a little daunting at first but once you get the hang of it, it is incredibly fun. I can't get enough. I turn the game music off (which is pretty good, btw) and pump in my own music and I feel like John Wick in The Matrix (with a side of Kill Bill as another reviewer said)- dancing and shooting and slashing off geisha robot heads with my katana. It gets your adrenaline up, and is very addictive. For me, if I had only had one game on Oculus, it would be this.This is my wishlist, which I hope the developers see:1. More variations of the fantastic enemies- they are great- just add more. Your designs are excellent.2. Multiplayer. I want to fight my *friends. I personally do not care to battle strangers on the net- I want to fight people I know, or even do a co-op.3. More environments. Again- your designs are fantastic. More, more, more!4. I let my friends use my Oculus to try out some games. It would be great if there were save slots- so that when I want to let them play- they aren't playing with my higher  level stuff. I want them to be able to start from scratch. Maybe there's a way to do this that I just haven't realized so far? I can put them on easy levels- but I don't want to have to reconfigure all my weapons for them, etc.5. Sometimes, the only thing left on the map is a hovering little bot in some obscure corner of the map that hasn't seen me yet- so I have to go jumping all around to try and find it so i can get my last kill to finish the level.This is my first review. Had to put in a good word for this game. Other games should take cues from this- this is how you do it."
76561197968870104,Recommended,555880,34563150,Posted: 28 August,all,Some bastard,"It's a good game with lots of replayability, you also have a very good feeling of constantly improving... both your real life playing skills, in game skills and in game items.There are few glitches here and there do I do hope get ironed out, but all in all this is probably the best action game I have tried in VR so far. It might lack the polish of raw data, but it is far more engaging to play because you don't feel like Custer vs the indians... you have exceptional mobility in all directions and can use height to great effect, as you get better you can can chain moves and weapons together in a very rewarding manner and the sensation of being some cyberpunkish death machine is really fun.Oh, and if you can master the backflip (must be enabled in options) pistol kill, you'll feel like a god."
,Recommended,555880,34539108,Posted: 27 August,all,-DOOMER-,"I did not get far into this one, but its a hell of a lot of fun.  It really nails the Matrix like super hero feel I'v been looking for in VR.  The game looks far prittier in game than on the demo vidos on the store page.  I paid mostly full price for this one, and felt it was worth every peny for it.  I'll be playing much more soon."
,Recommended,555880,34619183,Posted: 30 August,all,meowmers,"Max Payne plus Ghost in the Shell akimbo anime goodness, if you want to play that way.A pretty good workout, try not to punch a wall."
,Recommended,555880,35166223,Posted: 23 September,all,emacs,2/10 I sweat too much
,Recommended,555880,35187828,Posted: 24 September,all,CyberArrow,"Super fun! There are a bunch of settings for controlling plenty of aspects of the game. Allowing those with motion sickness to still play, and those without to get the full VR experience. As well as controls and gameplay customization. There are plenty of wepons to choose from in each weapon class (of which there are also plenty), and look and mechanics customization for each.I feel like every time I play the game the devs have added a ton of new content.As if this game wasn't great enough for the single player experience, the devs are doing what fans have cried for in plenty of other games, CO-OP :O And later PVP :O"
76561197977792167,Recommended,555880,35281987,Posted: 28 September,all,Omelette on the Run,Wow! I had heard good things about this game. but after playing it i think its going to be my new favorite VR games as long as there is enough content. the gameplay is very satisfying and exciting. controls really well and only mild motion sickness after an extended playing session.looks very good and runs smoothly.Neutral - it is very arcadey which works but fyiI m just starting into the game i m loving it already hopefully there is plenty of contentvery recommended
,Recommended,555880,35256287,Posted: 28 September,all,tj,"I keep telling people about this game because it keeps being awesome. I've only committed ~10 hours of play time, but I'm on a time budget, and that's more than any other game for me.I like:Exploring different playstyles, with lots of customizationskill trees, level gain, gear progression, loot system are well done and add fun/varietyPlenty of game modes and difficulty optionsLots of options menus to navigate; just reading the options helped me learn a lot about the game.Cool haptics when you touch stuff with a bladeFeel like a ninja or whateverDive-right-in style: quick tutorial to bring you up to speed and then off the deep endI want:More haptic stuff -- when a gun bumps into world geometry, can it bump like the sword/knife does? How about just my hand?More maps / ability to import maps. This second part is probably way harder than I think it is, but I can dream.Multiplayer (I know this is coming soon and cannot wait!!)Thanks for the cool game. I like it the most."
76561197995294620,Recommended,555880,35396262,Posted: 1 October,all,PunkMunkey,"This is definitely my favourite VR game so far. Makes you feel like a badass. The jumping movement takes a couple tries to get used to, but once you get that hang of it you'll be flying all over the place like a ninja, shooting in slow-mo like the Matrix. Guns and weapons look and feel great... there's just no no downsides to this. Just get it and support these awesome devs."
,Recommended,555880,35399008,Posted: 1 October,all,Mindbulletz,"Watched this game develop from a good idea with unfortunate performance bugs into one of, if not the best VR game around. Definitely recommend it now. The controls especially are top notch. They make me wonder what some of the devs of other popular games in this genre coughrawdatacough were even thinking.Also, the people in charge are good at handling feedback and keeping development moving forward."
,Recommended,555880,35361034,Posted: 30 September,all,AceDotEXE,"Wow. I mean just... WOW.If you want a game to make you feel like a VR Badass, this is it.I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who likes ninjas and weapons. Even younger players can turn off the blood and gore for a more tame version, while maintaining all of the fun.20 out of 10"
76561198058305823,Recommended,555880,35349114,Posted: 30 September,all,TimeWaits4NoOne,"BEST VR GAME I HAVE PLAYED! This game has the most unique movement I have ever experienced in a VR game. I love the fast pace nature, combat and customization. This games makes me alive and in the moment of the game. I highly recommend this game to those who do not get motion sickness easily. I look forward to more updates from the developers! :)"
,Recommended,555880,35322885,Posted: 29 September,all,Batmangts,1st my Specs MSi 1080Ti FE overclocked Core clock 100Mhz and Memory clock at 250Mhz using MSi afterburnerStock cooling with Smart fan curved turned on so no over heating issue.MSi Z270-A pro mother boardCPU i7 7700 at 4.0Ghz cause of hyper threading turned on.EVGA superNova 750 Gold PSUHTC Vive (got it 3 days ago)Case Corsair RGB Crystal 480x and added 1exhaust fan in the rear.Game runs amazing with Super Sampling cranked to 5.0 game is action packed and fast paced i dont get dizzy at all jumping and teleporting with speedKills are fun game is difficult in a very good wayI love the variety of weapons you can set your load out to be you got swords pistol magnum shotguns and sub machine guns.Only issue i have is the Menu control are garbage to select a weapon from the load out i have to press the grip buttons and repeatedly press the trigger to select the weapon.With 5.0 super Sampling i have Green bar on FPS in setting i still dont know how to set FPS counter in headset. But im having no screen tears no shuttering no glitches at allBUT my hand tracking if i move my hand back and fourth rapidly my hands leave trails like it looks like i have multiple hands.But it doesn't effect my gameplay at all!Im only on the 2nd stage but ill be pretty upset if there is only 3 stages as that all i can select at the moment. Not sure if i can unlock new levels yet.But game is definitely worth getting if u dont have a 1st VR shooter yetHope developers add more content
,Recommended,555880,35215345,Posted: 25 September,all,ArkonBlade,"So good yet so buggy.This game is a blast. It is like a hybred of The Matrix  and Shadow Warrior. Its the first VR game I have played where i feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥playing it. There is a decent selection of weapons and the game graphically looks alright. This definitly feels like a game where some people sat down and said ok lets make a VR game where you feel like a bad MOFO. I feel the passion behind this game but it is deffinitly EA.There are a lot of bugs and issues yet. You will go out of the map at times, fly through objects, for some reason when i move foward witht he analog stick and push right or left on the other it wont register some times and i have to hit it again. Just spaz out when jumping, for what ever reason in the options menue you can change any thing if both your hands are aimed any where on the options menue. found this out as i was losing my mind trying to figure out why i cant change any settings for about 10 minutes.This game has been out for almost a year it seems (as i am wrighting this) and I am not sure how much longer in EA it plans to be or how much more the devs plan on adding to it. I think the price is a bit high since its a EA game. I did get it on sale for $24 but i personally feel a $15-$20 price tag is more on the mark.I just hope this doesnt go into the abandonware section. Otherwise i am really enjoying what i am playing."
,Recommended,555880,35253932,Posted: 27 September,all,Game Genie by Galoob,"This game is good, hands down. It's definitely in the top tier of shooters for VR and its mechanics are extremely solid. You can feel really good at the game with less effort than you'd think.That said, I've gotten good enough in 4 hours that I'm not seeing much reason to come back. There's good variety in the weapons and a stupid amount of variety in modification of the weapons, but not much incentive to explore that variety. How about some weapons-based challenges? There's little incentive for me to use the glaive or kunai when my pistol and and automatic weapon can solve most of my problems. The parts are there, I think it just needs a little more in presentation to extend the life of your purchase.As a side note, because I heard about the movement people need to exert in this, I held off until I had a larger VR space. I don't think that was that necessary. Most of the time I'm in a crouched position."
,Recommended,555880,35468725,Posted: 4 October,all,Hull Cogan,"if i could tell myself as a child that i would have this game one day they wouldn't know what the ♥♥♥♥ to do. this game fulfills an action hero power fantasy like no other, i could probably play this forever. put on some intense music and get to killing in style"
,Recommended,555880,35454377,Posted: 3 October,all,antartoms,"Really is a great game with an active development team who listen to the community, I only hope the game reaches the vision and high aspirations the dedicated team seem to have for this title"
76561198047184476,Recommended,555880,35479534,Posted: 4 October,all,Concept,"My new favorite game in VR! Sairento is one of the most entertaining experiences on the Vive and definitely the most well made. The fact that I can fly around and pull off crazy stunts without feeling any motion sickness is incredible. The amount of customization for the controls is something all VR games need. Plus there's a ton of gameplay and loadout customization options. Being able to move around with one hand and jump/teleport with the other is one of the best feelings and the best movement I've used so far in virtual reality. The only issue I had with the game was levels not ending becuase of an enemy being off screen but that was a small problem. I hope the devs keep adding new locations, enemies, weapons and really hope they make a Sairento into a full story game. I'd love to have this same gameplay in bigger more expansive environments with story plus bosses."
