user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,555950,32881811,Posted: 27 June,all,Valkyrio100,"I finished the game at 100%. See last section for the final conclusions:Very early review of the game.First of all:DONT PLAY THIS GAME BEFORE DANGANRONPA 1 OR SUPER DANGANRONPA 2, because it will sure spoil the story.About the port:For now I have only played the prologue, but the game looks very good and has not any performance issues. You can clearly see how everything in game has been remastered for higher resolutions; the only thing that is a bit lacking are the 3D cutscenes which still seem a bit bad, although in my opinion that is not an issue because they are good enough.I have not tested the keyboard+mouse control, but given that the game is a third-person shooter, it sure will feel better, I migh even change later, although you can use the a controller without any problems. UPDATE: I have been playing with Keyboard+Mouse and I prefer it over controller. The only downside is that there are not customizable keybindings, althought the default ones are pretty good.About graphical options, in my opinion the game has enough. You can customize in the launcher of the game if you want to display it borderless window or fullscreen along with other graphical options like antialiasing. Something I noticed is the lack of V-sync option on Fullscreen mode, but I didnt see any tearing so its okay.About the game itself:This game does not follow the same pattern as the two ones before (simply because the author wanted to make something different lol) and instead of a trial-murder-puzzle game, is a fps with some hack-and-slash. Even so, the game keeps the Danganronpa feeling and I think its worth a play if you are fan of the series. Storywise is not very important, but give details about what happened between the first and second game and introduces some characters that are then shown in the Danganronpa 3 animation, which ends the Hope's Peak Academy Arc, so if you like the universe absolutely play this.Final conclusions:The game is fine. Recommended if you like the Danganronpa Universe and dont expect nothing like DR1 and SDR2. The port is fine overall, I havent find any bugs nor performance issues. The only con I can say is that its a little easy with keyboard+mouse simply because aiming to the weak point of the enemies is very simple."
,Recommended,555950,33070516,Posted: 30 June,all,Jenna Tailia,"A word of warning going into this game, whether you're a Danganronpa fan or not: a lot of the subject matter in this game is WAY darker compared to the first two Danganronpa games, and is pretty dark to average person. You may be saying ""Wait, it gets darker than just straight up cold-blooded murder like in the other games?"" Yes it does. It's not a deterrant of the game, just a word of warning so that those who play it know what they're getting into.That being said, it's a really solid game. Great storytelling, great characters, a nice blend of serious, bone-chilling semi-horror and almost 4th-wall breaking silliness.It's absurdIt's (somewhat) scary (in a cartoonish kind of way)It's fanservice-y at timesIt's Danganronpa!Hope to see you aboard Kazutaka Kodaka's Wild Ride!"
,Recommended,555950,32911245,Posted: 27 June,all,Ultimate Bematt V3,"An incredibly solid third-person shooter / puzzle game filled to the brim with all the things I love about Danganronpa and more. I highly recommend the keyboard + mouse controls, because the mouselook camera is fantastic and makes the game incredibly satisfying. Also, Genocide Jack has no qualms showing off her panties mid-fight, so that's a plus."
,Recommended,555950,33111534,Posted: 1 July,all,Xemnaes,"If you haven't played Danganronpa 1 and 2 yet, do not play this game.Saying that, if you're a fan of the Danganronpa story or puzzles, you'll enjoy Danganronpa Another Episode."
,Recommended,555950,33890915,Posted: 29 July,all,Cocoabine,"Score: 6.5/10Time to 100%: 20 hoursOne just for the fans.PROS:Story- Amongst the Danganronpa series this game has easily the darkest of the storylines, for reasons such astorture, betrayal, murder, sexual abuseand all for the most part involvingchildren no less. It is a pleasure (or displeasure?) to play thorugh if only to see how things turn out for the characters involved and its the primary reason to play through this game.Characters- The characters in the game - specifically the bad guys - are fascinating individuals in their own right. They're full of different neurosis and demented backgrounds. Their history is unravlled through their breakdowns and from books scattered throughout the game shedding some light on why they are just so f'ed up. There's also the appearance of a very special someone.CONS:Gameplay- It's pretty basic third-person shooter fare with substandard level designs with poor looking graphics. Although in all fairness, this is a port of a PS Vita game so just bare that in mind. It's also extremely easy as most enemies in the game will die in one shot if you hit them in the right place, even on the hardest difficulty.Other Characters- So in the pros I had mentioned that the BAD guys are the interesting characters. That's because for the most part the good guys, namely the two main characters are not interesting AT ALL. Let's start with Toko. I never liked her in the first game and I still don't like her now. She's whiny, neurotic, annoying and insulting pretty much all the time and while they try to give her some kind of character development it falls far too short as she's still just as irritating as she's always been. Then there's the main character who is so bland and boring that they constantly make jokes about this fact again and again. We get it, you're normal and boring, okay great.So in conclusion, play this for the great story and certain characters if you're a fan of the series. As it is worthy of a playthrough and fills in some of the gaps between the first and the second game. And need a fix before Danganronpa 3 comes out!"
76561198047852650,Recommended,555950,32887451,Posted: 27 June,all,Darkghost,"After all this time for a PC port was it worth the wait?Yes!This is definitly worth it to anyone having enjoyed danganronpa before and while the shooting isn't spectaculair danganronpa plays to its strengths with its writing and atmosphere while forming a connection between the first 2 games.I do advise that while having played the previous games isn't required, it will add so much more to your experience if you did and they are definitly worth checking out."
76561198024058809,Recommended,555950,32899145,Posted: 27 June,all,elfstone,"Make sure you've played the rest of the Danganronpa series before playing this. Otherwise, you'll get unwanted spoilers (and it also might not make as much sense). Technically this game takes place between Danganronpa 1 & 2, but it all feels more fluid if you save this one for last imo. Keep in mind that this game is very different than the other two. It's more of a puzzle/FPS so it's more interactive in terms of gameplay. There are no trials, and the flow of the story is more fast paced. It's still a solid game with solid mechanics and helps round out the story from the other games."
76561198038371482,Recommended,555950,32967963,Posted: 28 June,all,Rat 13,"As with many spinn-offs this game is made first and foremost for fans of original serie, it heavy relys on player to be familiar with at least first game. So to put it out of the way1) People unfamiliar with Danganronpa games, don't buy it. Or buy a bundle with all 3 games.2) People who played Danganronpa games: if you like those games and want to know more about lore, charecters and whatnots, buy it.3) Hardcore fan? Absolutely must have for you.Plot:Player takes controll of Komaru Naegi (sister of Makoto) and fanfavorite Toko (aka Genosider Se). Another Episode takes place between 1 and 2 games, and follows events prior to second one. Without too much spoilers; the story itself is the strongest side of this game -- shouldn't come as a surprise. Nice twists, great addition to first game, likeble charecters, humor and drama... Danganronpa!Gameplay:For the majority of the game you will play as Komaru armed with hacking gun (looks like megaphone) and in her case game pretty much is a mediocre TPS: sure game tries to keep you entertained, tosses new enemies now and then and hacking gun have a variety of diffrent ammo -- 8 types to be precise,  each more effective against certan enemies (for example knockback will swat shields from hands of monokumas with said shields, dance will make monokumas dance -- but use it against siren one and every enemy in vicinity will gather around him etc). The second charecter is Toko Fukawa, you can switch to her and play as Genosider Se for a short periods (she doesn't have health instead it's battery... Think of her as your super mode), slice and dice Monokumas with signature sccisors, use extremely fun blood lust moves, take it back and relax for a while. Still gameplay is very weak, enemies are slow, fragile and come in small groups (on max difficulty I expereinced exactly zero challenge from them). So yeah a mediocre TPS with boring slasher tossed inbetween.Oh right there are also chalenges and puzzles!  Again not a bad way to keep player entetained, does bring variety, and developers tried their best to make those puzzles and chalenges diffrent, but to be honest those puzzles and challenges will became a chore somewhere around third Chapter... They are easy... One or two may have an intresting concept and fun solution, but majority is kindergarten level. Still, guss it wouldn't be Danganronpa without a little mind excercise now and then.OST and sound: As always Danganronpa provides a good music and decent sound design. English dub still sucks -- switch to Japanese as soon as you can (to do that press C on keyboard\Y on controller on difficulty chose screen). Overall not much to say.In conclusion. It is a game for fans of serie, don't buy unless you played previous games, buy if you are a fan or simply a person who is intrested in this universe. Sure gampelay is not the strongest side of game, but story, charecters and mystery will sure keep you on your toes till the end."
,Recommended,555950,33111720,Posted: 1 July,all,JesseKameme,It! Doesn't! Have! To Make! Any! Sense! Just! Buy! The Damn! Game!
,Recommended,555950,33416846,Posted: 9 July,all,Swingecko,"I played both Danganronpa 1 and 2 and I loved 'em, but I havemixed feelingstowards this game.I recommend itonly if you're a big fan of the first 2 games and story.Here's whatIthink:-The port runs smoothly but lacks features like... quitting the game (Edit:you can by pressing ""b"" in the menu, but it was either hidden or not clear), rebinding your keys, etc.-The story is interesting andimportant to know if you played the other games, but the writing seems off at times and inferior to ""the usual"".-The gameplay: I HATE it.It's unpolished, slow, really easy, and not fun.Also, the AI is horrible, enemies get stuck on everything, making them boring to fight (I think that the mouse makes this game even easier, but that may be just me) .So, overall I'd say that Irecommend this game only to lovers of the danganronpa's universe(since there are also some interesting extras) but otherwise, don't buy it.I'll make this review positive FOR THE FANS, but be wary:this game is far from perfect."
,Recommended,555950,32896702,Posted: 27 June,all,DeckeЯ,Don't Trust Kids
,Recommended,555950,32900289,Posted: 27 June,all,IllegalUserException;,"EDIT: apparently there is subtitles; you just need to change voice to Japanese in difficulty screen and subtitles will be turned on.__________No subtitles during cutsenses, which is absolutely suck for deaf players like me..."
,Recommended,555950,33064228,Posted: 30 June,all,Flotilla,"After playing this game to completion, I'm happy to say that the Steam version of DRAE is perfectly serviceable. 60FPS with no slowdown, support for all standard resolutions, an ergonomic control scheme for M+KB (with support for both xinput and directinput controllers), and no nasty bugs/crashes. In fact, I'd say that this port is good enough that the game's beenimprovedby it; all the complaints of how awkward it is playing a third-person shooter on a Vita no longer apply when you have a PS4 pad or mouse at your disposal.ThoughAnother Episodeis billed as an action/puzzle game hybrid, the game's meat is still the story, presented in the fashion of a visual novel. I enjoyed the story a lot; it's a satisfying bridge between the stories of Danganronpa 1 and 2, and builds upon the universe in a way that prior games did not. The gameplay was decent, a passable vehicle to carry you from one place of interest to another, but it definitely comes second to the writing in terms of player impact. To the developers' credit, I never got bored, or frustrated; the gameplay was firmly ""OK"", shooting and puzzle-solving and all.I'd definitely recommend DRAE to fans of Danganronpawho have played both 1 and 2; this game has major spoilers for both, so I wouldn't recommend it as an introduction to the series. Even if you've already played DRAE on Vita, I'd recommend giving it another go on PC; the smoother controls and high-resolution graphics should make it worth your while."
,Recommended,555950,33169017,Posted: 2 July,all,Nayy,10/10Had to train my eye to not miss even the most subtle of panty shots
,Recommended,555950,33152363,Posted: 2 July,all,Forever Flat,"No Story SpoilersI would strongly recommend buying and completing Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc before playing this game as it contains a lot of backstory from the first game and uses it to further the plot of the story and characters. Danganronpa 2: Goodbye despair would also be recommended to be played before this also as it contains a lot of information about a specific character calledServantStory, Gameplay & PortDanganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls is a Spin-off sequel to the first game Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc and is a Pre-sequel to Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair so the events of the game take place after the first but before the events of Goodbye Despair.I can't say much about the story without spoiling it but i can talk about the start which is basically the ""Tutorial"" The story takes place in a location called Towa City. It begins with Komaru Naegi escaping her imprisonment after being attacked by Monokuma's and saved byByakuya Togamionly to be captured again later by a group of 5 childern called Warriors Of Hope then is released into Towa again only to meetToko Fukawabe hunted by the Childern with Monokuma's as a game whilst you try to escape Towa City.The gameplay is unlike the first two in the series as it has been changed into a 3rd Person Shooter hence it's called a spin-off. The gameplay uses the term ""Truth Bullets"" from the other games a form of the different bullets which can be used to defeat Monokuma's in different ways or combonations. There is a total of 8 Truth Bullet Types which can be upgraded. 1 bullet type is called Detect which is used sort of like a ""Black Light"" to help solve puzzles rather than combat.Throughout the game more types of Monokuma's will appear and have different abilities from each other and are harder to defeat but can be used to kill other types easier e.g Bomber Monokuma explodes on death which can kill others.Toko's abilitys are different as instead of using a gun she switches to her other personality,Genocide Jackto fight and she has fast movement, high damage and is invincible which can be uprgaded although she has a limit on how long she can fight and it is very short and should be used only when overun or close to death. As she has a super ability to wipe out large amounts of Monokuma's around her with different animations playing when used.Other upgrades for each character can be found hidden around each chapter which will make the game easier in a long run such as Faster Aiming, More Drops and More HP or Longer time with Genocide Jack. Only a limited amount of these uprgades can be used at once depending on your Level but i was able to use all of them at once.Each puzzle is made very well and always makes you use your head to figure it out. These puzzles are normal puzzles given to you or are these arcade machine puzzles which must be beaten to continue. You're rewarded for beating the puzzles but you can just fight through each of them but wont be rewarded.I don't know if im dumb but damn,that birthday puzzle passcode made me feel really stupid for how long it took as i didn't want hints.The port is very well made and it can be shown that Spike Chunsoft make there ports very well. i never experienced any FPS drops or stuttering when playing and the gameplay felt smooth and the combat was very easy to use with mouse and keyboard. You're unable to rebind the keys but the controls are very easy to understand and use. I've completed the game fully and i've only crashed once during my time playing which was caused when using Toko's special ability duringThe fight againist Kotoko Utsugi after her ""Motovation"" Minigame.... heh..... Cumaru NaegiCharacters & Voice Acting  (Minor Character Spoilers)As usual from each of the games in the series each character is unique in there own way and throughout the story each of the characters develop as you get to know them more.The main character Komaru starts by being a basic ordinary character that is constantly scared of everything that is happening.She then begins to grow stronger and face fear head on throughout the game as Toko and her become friends. This is the same for Toko from the first game as she appears more strong compared to Trigger Happy HavocEach of the children from the warriors of hope have their own personality and talents. It's hard to explain each their talents as it affects the backstory and the reason why they're doing what they're doing to Towa City. Although i will explain one thing from my favourite of the 5.Kotoko Utsugi is by far the funniest character out of the group. She is very fun to listen to and every scene she appeared in had me laughing when she spoke. But when learning her backstory during the very Disturbing mini game about the words ""Gentle"" her acting talent makes the whole thing even more creepy and changes the view of the character on its head. She is also the games ""Fanservice"" character as most of her jokes are sexual but her character is very well made and why i think her and Komaru are the best Characters and Voice actors in the game.I played and completed the game in English Voice overs and each of the scenes was very well acted. I started my 2nd playthrough in Japanese and the voice acting is still amazing even better than English although i felt as if one character calledKurokuma didn't get enough time even though he was funny and had an excellent VA.Animations + Sounds + MusicAnimations are very well made and each character has a cool design and each expression is very well made. Each cutscene is very well made and flows in and out of the game play very smoothly so you would expect a cutscene to appear. Although you may expect a cutscene to appear you are unlikely to know what type of cutscene it would be. As it could either be a normal scene with characters just talking or it could be a goofy looking animation from the previous games with the style of the excutions being used or a 3D animation or it could even been an animation from the Anime itself in full 2D style.Each sound from each bullet and enemy feel very well suited for the anime style and it is appropiate throughout the whole game. A good example would be knowing an enemy is near by hearing the squeaky foot steps in the distance.Lastly is the music. As always very well made and is always made appropriate for each scene. E.g Intense Music used for a boss fight and Goofy Music when Warriors of hope were on the screen. they do reuse music from older games during certain places but that is fine as they are very well made and suit the game perfectly. My favourite has to be the Monokuma Kid song which is played during fighting Beast Monokuma's just because of how out of place it is and it is also used as a weapon.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJy_MKqjheMVerdictIt may be different from the other games in Gameplay but that doesn't change the fact of the amazing Story of Danganronpa and the whole Hope Vs. Despair aspect as it nails it perfectly in this game as i feel this is more creepy than the other games, but that may only be because of the full story and how it goes.I'd say this game is worth the full price of £23 or whatever in your currency and i feel Spike Chunsoft deserve all the money they get for this game. I would say this game is worthy of being priced at Triple A price at £40 just because of how well made it is. so feel like its a steal for being considerbly cheap compared to other games.If you've played the other Danganronpa Games, this game is worth all of your money and wouldn't regret it one bit as it gives you more insight in the universe. This game is a masterpeice with little flaws. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,555950,32887043,Posted: 27 June,all,Genoard,Komaru's thights are Kodaka's gift to humanity
,Recommended,555950,33857531,Posted: 28 July,all,✔kupis1408,"This spin-off game is a life changing experience every Toko Fukawa hater MUST experience. It seriously changed my perspective towards her;Before playing the game:I dont easily hate any character, but this lady seriously is creepy & annoying.In the middle of the game:That's it! Im done with her, dont know why Kodaka still let Toko live all this time ;(Near the end of the game:TOKO DEFINITELY BEST GRILL (for this spin-off, because the ultimate best girl in Danganronpa universe is Chiaki Nanami :'D)Regardless of repetitive lines & dragging scenes at certain time some of you may find it tiring/boring, the story is really amazing & full with insights since it reveals some answers you may were seeking after finishing Danganronpa Trigger Happy Havoc & Super Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair. A must play if you want to experience the expansion world of Hope's Peak Academy saga :)"
,Recommended,555950,32886316,Posted: 27 June,all,gay ass,you play as cute girls and shoot stuff and you get to see up there skirts so its the best game ever
76561198117238739,Recommended,555950,33687431,Posted: 20 July,all,sailorrhythm,toko is my spirit animal would recommend  10/10also good controls for pc
76561198159581665,Recommended,555950,33164429,Posted: 2 July,all,Nightmaresdreaming,"Gonna be honest, I don't think it's as good as the first and second game. I think the biggest turnoff for me was there wasn't as much interaction with a variety of characters like the other games.That being said, it's still just as sad, messed up, and funny as the other games.The feelings of ""Should I laugh or should I cry?"" are strong in this one."
,Recommended,555950,33475174,Posted: 12 July,all,Blattdorf,"First things first, excellent port as always. Never had a single problem with the game, and it didn't feel lazy in any way (borderless is highly appreciated).Even so, I was hesitant to buy this after hearing people say it's a side-story or that the anime already spoils the story. What's the point of playing this if you already know how it's going to end?Nothing could be further from the truth. This is a meaty, gripping story that any DR shouldn't pass up on. In a way, I actually think this story is overall the best in the series so far, partly owing to the fact it builds on top of the already established lore to subvert expectations. It has lots of twists and turns along the way, to the point that it feels like the entire ending sequence is one long payoff consisting in large part of well-executed knife twists and solid character development. I don't want to say too much to avoid spoiling anything, but I feel deeply satisfied after having finished the game. It won me over very quickly and then just piled on the goodies all the way to the end and beyond.I also liked the change to the mechanics. I thought the shooting aspect would be tolerable at best, but there's actually a lot of variety to it, so it never gets boring or overly hard. I'd definitely like to see more of this in the future.As for the music, I have to once again give props to Masafumi Takada (big fan here) for bringing his best to the table. Sometimes I wonder whether the DR series feels for him like an outlet for his bizarre style. The area music in particular really gives off that killer7 vibe which is another thumbs-up in my book.All in all, UDG is a must-play for any DR fan, and the PC version is the definitive one. Make sure to pick it up sooner or later, but only after experiencing DR 1 and 2 for maximum enjoyment."
,Recommended,555950,34627654,Posted: 30 August,all,TangledAlmond,"IT'S A DANGANRONPA GAME AND IT'S A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT GENRE OF GAME THIS TIME! BUT IT'S IN THE SAME UNIVERSE AND IT'S GOT THAT SAME CHARM AND THE GAMEPLAY IS RLY GOOD EVEN AS A COMPLETELY NEW GENRE! IF YOU'VE PLAYED THE OTHER GAMES, GET THIS FOR SURE TOO!!"
,Recommended,555950,32892806,Posted: 27 June,all,Blazegod4444,"Legit bought the game cause Danganronpa is an amazing series. Definitely NOT let down by this game. Only gotten 2ish hours in as of now but would definitely recommend the game to any fan of the series.*Update below, now that I've gotten a little bit more playtime into it*Before considering to purchase the game, MAKE SURE YOU'VE COMPLETED DR 1 and 2.The game features spoilers for those 2 games and also has context that will make absolutely no sense if you haven't played them. If you don't want to play DR1 (which I fully recommend playing, but there are those who don't want to), at least watch the 1st anime, its effectivey a walkthrough of the game.There is no real substitute for DR2 anime wise.If you want the full experience, I'd also recommend watching season 2 of the anime to get even more background and context.Now to the game itself:My computer is the MSI GP72, so for these kinds of games, it excels easily. Even then, the graphics don't really feel fully 1080p, but that might just be the result of it being a PS Vita port.That being said, the graphics are still Danganronpa style, so pink blood, heavily cartooned fires, etc... So it still feels like a pure Danganronpa experience.Bugs: If you tab out, the game will be set to windowed mode, so if you tab back in, or select it from the taskbar, it won't be fullscreen. Only way I know to make it full screen is to wuit the game and relaunch. Might be fixed in a future patch.Important note: The game can only be saved in 2 ways: A storyline checkpoint is met and the game prompts a save option, or you find a saving point in game and save that way. You cannot save through settings, and because the in-world saving system it is unlikely that an update in the future will add that in.Gameplay wise, it plays similarly to a Third Person Shooter, so Komaru weilds the ""gun"" with RMB to aim and LMB to shoot. Unlike many TPS games, you cannot hip shot, so you have to aim to shoot. This can be tricky when a Monokuma pops in out of nowhere, but when you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature.Minor spoiler for literally the first 20 min of gameplay:Please note that the first time you shoot the gun in the game, it is a very overpowered version, so please don't start the game thinking  ""Oh, this is too easy, I don't like this, refund time"". play it for a bit more and it will all make sense.Genocider Jill plays as a melee character from what I've seen so far, and can easily be switched with Komaru mid battle, so you can tactically use both to get out of tricky situations.After 3h I've completed the first chapter, and as I expected, it plays similarly to a boss fight that you'd see in other first person and third person shootes that follow this game style. It is NOT a danganronpa 1 & 2 style classroom court session, however some of the styling involved with the court can be seen within the fight (when you play it, you'll understand what I mean).The game so far also makes references to various families of other characters in other DR games (both dead and alive) so thats a huge plus.This review will be updated as I play a bit more, but for now, here is my rating:Danganronpa fans: 10/10People who played Danganronpa games, but didn't like them: 9/10 (cause it is different than those games)People who have never touched a Danganronpa game: 5/10 cause you won't get most of the references, so it won't feel as fun for you. Trust me when I say this, play the other games, then come back to this, and you'll realize why its 5/10 for non-DR players vs 10/10 for DR fans"
,Recommended,555950,34897603,Posted: 12 September,all,Dikami,Ultimate Thigh
76561198218458060,Recommended,555950,34529326,Posted: 27 August,all,Om3ga-Z3ro,"This game.This game is what psychopop would mean. This game only makes sense when you don't search for it, and let it creep upon you on its own, let it cripple you, disturbing, wrong.Everything in this game is wrong and disturbing. It takes things that are dark and presents them so indirectly that it's more shocking than those things themselves; wraps razors in polka-dot papers and smiles at you while shoving it down your throat.Things that are so out of place it feels absurd, and that's what this game is - a load of absurd that turns out more realistic than you want it to be - for the things that are worst in it have nothing to do with fiction or made-up story.You can complain that the models look like they didn't even try - but are you there for models? Danganronpa is colourful, vivid and yet dark despite it; it's a patchwork of things, those meaningless generalized, those important cropped out, something that this game's very menu represents well.It doesn't tell you to contemplate the plot after you finish it - you're supposed to be pulled by it when you play and when you play only.Many games reach for shocking content to become successful through controversy - Danganronpa does something different: it takes things that people just don't find worth as good shocking value, and almost belittles them, through this doubling on their weight felt by the player.And most of the times you wonder HOOOW THE FFFFFLYING FFF♥♥♥♥ THEY GOT AWAY WITH IT?! It's crossing every line and breaking every rule - and not the rules anyone should be proud of breaking.This game is a worthy piece, that ties all loose ends from two games before, and does much better work on presenting the motives than the previous did. It's never boring, not overextended, Even though not very complex.It's disgusting.It's adorable.This game is OH MY GOD, followed by OH, GOD and OH GOD PLEASE NO within minutes.You need steel nerves to go through it, you need to know many things, you need to bear with things. Another Episode feels like a MOTHERCAWING ROADKILL - it damages you on many levels, but you cannot - must not - avert your eyes. Just like you need to learn to cope with reality that is far from happy ends and good choices. Even if it hurts.The struggle doesn't end when you learn its nature. Life isn't worth only aiming for goal and achieving it, but its worth lies in how much struggle you're willing to put to carry on.And I sincerely wish I could have murdered Toko and mutilate her corpse each time a chapter ended."
,Recommended,555950,33022305,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr.Downer,now i understand why they call her satan
,Recommended,555950,33043686,Posted: 30 June,all,Dels Kibara,"This game is simply just fun to play through.From Chapter 1 to 6.You will be hooked onto the banter and antics of the characters, the challenge and gameplay, and the amazing soundtrack and bosses.If you're a third person shooter fan, you should go try this out.Even if you haven't played DR1. Still do try it out."
,Recommended,555950,32901178,Posted: 27 June,all,bradisradXx クール,"Early Review - Not Completed The Game Yet-----------------------------------------------Firstly Before I review the game, i'd suggest playing Danganronpa 1&2 before playing this as it contains spoilers for the previous additions to the story, and they are absolutely fantastic games to play.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------In terms of gameplay, it takes a very different aproach to the first 2 games. In the first 2 games you would have to investigate multiple murders that happened and then guess who the killer was in a class trial. In this game there are no class trials, and as far as I can tell, this game has gone down the Puzzle/FPS route.Although this game doesn't have what you would expect from a normal Danganronpa game in terms of gameplay, it certainly hasn't taken away from the sheer enjoyment i have had playing the game so far.The port for this game is good - i have not had any problems in terms of performance so far. [10/10]The game's story has been really good so far but as i have not currently completed the game, i cannot say for certain. All i will say is that based on the previous 2 games, Danganronpa is one of my favorite series in terms of story and character design so i have no doubt that this game will live up to the high expectations i have for the series.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------i will update this edit review upon completing the game to give a full in depth review."
,Recommended,555950,34018522,Posted: 4 August,all,Dieu,"Story-wise, I think Another Episode is my favourite game in the Danganronpa series. Touko is one of my favourite characters and it is great to see her development and learn more about her feelings throughout a whole game dedicated to her and her  first friend ever, literaly some normal girl, not an Ultimate, who still is an important and lovable character.I'd heard a lot of complaints about the controls of this game, but I didn't encounter any problem. Maybe they made the computer version better, maybe I have low standards - but anyway, I found them easy to understand and handle, even for someone like me doesn't know her controller well. (the Y button on my Xbox controller has pretty much become my panic button now)Ultra Despair Girls : Another Episode is what got me into Danganronpa at first. Full of action, and despairingly dark, if like me you're in love with the Danganronpa franchise, you will love this game. Of course, for anyone discovering it, I recommand playing the games in order."
76561198026986221,Recommended,555950,33975686,Posted: 2 August,all,Shirlias,"Cool, but short and slow in the end.""Sometimes"" way more sick than the 2 previous games.If you are a fan, get it.モノクマと遊ぼう いつまでも"
,Recommended,555950,33403294,Posted: 9 July,all,DannyboyO1,"I went into this expecting a lot of Danganronpa plot mated with a very bad FPS. This was not so accurate. It's not exactly a twitch game. I'd call it a puzzle fighter. Sorta. There was one big-ish fight scene in particular where waves of Monokumas come at you. You can try to calmly peg each one in the eye to save ammo. OR... notice the one with the siren standing in front of the parked car, fire a Dance bullet to get him attracting all the enemies to him, and starting the car with one of your infinite Move bullets to mow them all down. Or just panic, hit C and turn it into a timed brawler as you mercilessly beat down your enemies with Genocide Jack. The game does not punish you for this. It only grades performance in solving specific arcade rooms throughout the game... and finding the one type of collectible that isn't on the ground. Then it's holding a skill hostage... but isn't asking you for 100% You can use a retry or two (or save scum) without costing yourself the prize.That said, the boss fights are actually pretty brutal, and that's coming from a souls veteran. It's the typical ""avoid being hit and take advantage of vulnerability"" style of plinking away at a large killer robot. One particularly nasty one, the obvious solution was ""wait for it to get its axe lodged in a puddle, and hit another enemy in the water with an electric bullet."" But not getting hit by the axe was Very Hard. But I was also forgetting... Jack doesn't take damage. I could switch protagonists for a few seconds as a shield... and worry about refilling her meter later. Also, some of the downed enemies were dropping health. It was more challenging than I expected, but that was because I didn't use my options well in the beginning.So, look at MOST of the combat in the game as a problem to solve for minimum ammo cost. And switch up your tactics frequently.Now, the plot... the worldbuilding is solid. I always felt the first two games had glossed over WAY too much about the world, and this has you in it. Thoroughly. It has great connections with the plot of the other two games... series fans will be pleased, especially by the final anime bit. What got me to jump into this was seeing a friend streaming it and seeing Toko, my least favorite character... having a moment of minor growth. I was impressed, and had to see where they were going with it. Glad I did.Mostly. The antagonists have some very dark backstories that might warrant a trigger warning. Spoiler: There is a sequence of sexual abuse... played for laughs. It's amid some 4th-wall breakage and has some distinct parody overtones... but it's still got a victim of sexual abuse throwing your character into an automated groping machine. I am recommending it for everything BUT that sequence."
,Recommended,555950,33097885,Posted: 1 July,all,LastNonak,"DanganRonpa Another Episode Ultra Despair Girls isn`t like its predecessors. The game uses different mechanics and gimmicks, the gameplay itself is clearly different from DanganRonpa 1 and 2. This game is a third-person shooter with visual novel elements (and a lot of animation). The story was pretty good and fills in the gaps in the DanganRonpa series overall. Playing this game before DR1 and DR2 is not advised, the plot of the previous games is massively spoiled. You`ll have to play this after finishing DanganRonpa 2 and before the DanganRonpa 3 anime.If you`re a fan of this series, you`re sure to enjoy this"
,Recommended,555950,33491992,Posted: 12 July,all,Ultimate Witch,"I'm very biased since I LOVE the Danganronpa franchise, but this game is pretty good. It's a third-person shooter, which is a nice change of pace from the visual-novel style of DR1 and DR2. The story for this game is probably the darkest in terms of the Hope's Peak arc, but it still has that classic Danganronpa storytelling that keeps you intrigued the whole way through. Gameplay is meh, but if you're already a fan, you're picking it up for the story anyways."
76561198299202219,Recommended,555950,33194508,Posted: 3 July,all,CloverChiaki96,"A very good game, even though it is darker than the previous installments, it is still definitely worth it. Just be sure to play those first."
,Recommended,555950,33248099,Posted: 4 July,all,Nyanpan,"Just finished playing this game.ProsFantastic writingGreat character developmentGreat twists and turnsFun ideaFantastic musicApplies the danganronpa art style perfectly in a 3d settingSome of the best cutscenes everPerfect endingConsA tiny bit buggy, eg the camera sometimes snaps a 180 for no apparent reasonThe pre-rendered cutscenes are slightly blurrySometimes the hitbox for the monokumas don't work and you shoot through themThis game is in my opinion the weakest of the 3 danganronpa games at the time of writing, but, that does not mean this game isn't good. In my opinion, danganronpa 1 and 2 are 10/10, my favourite games ever. This I would say is a 9.999/10. Pretty much perfect in everyway in my opinion. There are some bad things though but only minor stuff as explained in the cons section.This game is a fantastic addition to the danganronpa series. It carrys across the danganronpa art style perfectly with a conbination of 2d sprites and 3d models with the crazy colour pallet of the other games. The monokumas convey both the comedy of a bear running at you, to the horror of them trying to claw you apart.  The music as per the other games is fantastic and suits the atmosphere perfectly. The gameplay is pretty fun, solving puzzles in arcade rooms, and fighting through lots of monokumas and searching for lots of secrets. The cutscenes are amazing as well. There are multiple types of cutscene as well. There are ones where the characters move and text comes up like in the other games, pre-rendered ones which convey facial expressions and action with the 3d models (for some reason they are blurry, probably from porting from handheld), the classic 2.5d over the top cutscenes from the other games and then my personal favourite, full on anime scenes. The anime scenes always appear at the best of moments and are very detailed. Pretty much every one of those cutscenes managed to make me cry. There are lots of collectables to hunt for if you so choose as well, all of which teach more of the story  of the world.This game is so connected to the other danganronpa games, I would avoid playing until you have played atleast danganronpa trigger happy havoc. Dont play this without that, preferably play both games before this. For a fan of the series, this game is a must get as it fills in so much of the plot between the first 2 games. The ending as well... The ending is perfect. Can't say why without spoiling.Tldr; get this game if you have played the other 2 games or atleast the first game, dont get until you have done that though. 9.999/10"
76561198160868511,Recommended,555950,35204443,Posted: 25 September,all,Strayed Lynx,"The gameplay of Resident Evil 4 mixed with the setting and characters from Danganronpa,overall it's a pretty damn good game."
,Recommended,555950,32915497,Posted: 27 June,all,NoxCaos,"Finally my dream came true! I can play for Komaru, as I wanted since Danganronpa THH when she appeared in the cutscene.Khem... Besides the most adorable game character of 2017:I passed through first chapter, and it is quite enjoyable. Not the best graphics, however, this is not what you are supposed to look at in Danganronpa games. Get ready for tutorials......Endless tutorials. However, things are kind of obvious.Love the weapon system, upgrades and stuff. Really feels like applying some strategy and paying a lot of attention on surroundings. Small challanges are fun and... Hey, don't worry about the puzzle apect - there is still some in this game (I hope there will be more to it in future).Did not expect to play for Genocider Jack/Shou. Did not use her much, however this is nice to be sure there is always someone to help you with some difficult stages.As always - best soundtrack.And, sure, the executions! So glad that those stylized cutscenes back from Danganronpa 1 and 2.Anyway, I feel like completing game again after I finish it (you know all collectibles and perfect scores)For now it is a top score....Don't think it's gonna get boring anyway *Monaka interferes*"
76561198073864538,Recommended,555950,32925559,Posted: 28 June,all,risestorm,First of all play Danganronpa 1-2 before playing this game. Since the knowledge of the story which took place in the previous ones do add much more to the experience. While the shotting game mechanic is kinda ok the game excells where the strength of the Danganronpa series lies. Storytelling and Atmosphere. If you enjoyed Danganronpa 1 and 2 and can overlook the shooting game mechanic it is definetely worth checking out for you. The graphics are a bit undetailed but not so bad that it influences the game experience. The Anime sequences are good in quality. Enjoy the despair of another Danganronpa Game coming to PC while waiting for the next installment later this year!Hint for all player who want to enjoy the japanese voice cast. Press Y while selecting the difficulty to change the language.Upupupupu
,Recommended,555950,33146597,Posted: 2 July,all,EasternMouse,"This game is awesome. The level of details on gameplay and visual sides put in game is really high, it have a good feeling playing it.I found it pretty easy though, even on highest difficulty, but maybe that just for beginning levels and it will become harder later.Music is high as always, makes you want to keep listening it.Learning curve is great, letting you experiment while telling you about mechanics when game needs to be sure player got it.Art is quite good, fine amount of anime 2d drawings, but not too much.Graphics may be lack a bit because that game originated on vita, but it still quite appealing.Not everything translated in graphics, you can find graffiti in japanese (with more than one word in them).May be slow sometime, like when you move selection in characters profiles.Loading zones... They not breaking spirit of game, but still frustrating to bump into them.Better play first 2 games to see what is where on story, it connected but not as heavy."
,Recommended,555950,33113837,Posted: 1 July,all,美的 ＹＡＲＥＳ(Continue?),"Well, first of all, the port is amazing, because my potato does solid 60 fps almost everywhere.The game itself gave as much as I expected of another Danganronpa game. Trust me, the ending is cool as always.Gameplay is fine too, because it feels easygoing all the time. If you want challenge, I recommend you playing on the ＨＡＲＤＥＳＴ difficulty(though i didn't played it myself).Fanservice in that game is good too... I mean, the pantyshots are real, man...( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Of course, don't play it if you haven't played first and second ronpa games!That's probably all you need to know... 10/10 m8C u maru Naegi  best girl :^)"
,Recommended,555950,33170816,Posted: 2 July,all,「ritsu」,It is different than the other tittles but still a great and awesome game!- Best OST of the entire series- New gameplay mechanic- Good replayability- Best animation of the entire series- KOMAEDA <3- Awesome Sprites- Great Eng Dub- AWESOME PLOT- and much moreIT IS DANGANRONPA!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198139756861,Recommended,555950,33190473,Posted: 3 July,all,Projectsoul,Finished the game and 100%'ed it.Thanks for releasing this on steam.I recommend this game to all the danganronpa fans.A very good port.Now it is time to wait for V3 to be released in September.
,Recommended,555950,32903799,Posted: 27 June,all,William Shakesman,"Danganronpa Ultra Despair Girls is, in my estimation, a total failure. Now, don't get me wrong; it's still a fine game, but where it stands in the Danganronpa series, I can't call it anything but a failure.Why, and why am I still recommending it? Well, the answer to that involves the plot, which spoils Danganronpa 1, and to a lesser extent DR2, so I will put those details at the bottom to hide them below the fold. First, let's talk gameplay; the good stuff, the stuff that makes me still recommend it.The port is lovely, for starters. Coming up from the vita, the crisp, stylish anime art style benefits it. Second, the game itself isn't bad. While the pacing is dashed often by unending dialogue segments, the core gameplay is surprisingly strong. It is a simplified take on RE4 or Dead Space, with over the shoulder stationary aiming at hordes of evil Monokuma robots. Nail one in the weakpoint, and your next shot is charged up. Couple this with some alright enemy and shot-type variety and you have a solid foundation. The boss fights, too are actually really good, all giant robots piloted by your enemies: The Warriors of Hope. Easily the best boss battles in this subgenre since Dead Space 1. Some of the middle ones are a bit dull but in general they have fun gimmicks and make use of the limitations of the RE4 style really well without relying on RE4-style QTEs. In fact, the main reason I bought this again after clearing it on Vita was to relive a couple of those boss fights.There is not much challenge, though. Your resources are plentiful and the enemies aren't much trouble to handle if you're good. In addition, you have a separate meter for your partner, the inimitable Toko from Danganronpa 1, who is literally invincible and summoning her turns it into a simple hack and slash tinged with her own unique madness. If you do not know why Toko is invincible or how nutty she is, you ought to play Danganronpa 1.The game's pacing stays solid throughout, even if the psychedelic visuals native to the franchise are pretty frontloaded and drop off quick. Breaking up the flow are regular puzzle rooms, where you are meant to hack the enemy robots and use their behavioral quirks to clear the room without being seen, with a modest reward and a slightly greater reward of not having to fight the enemies within. There are a few clever puzzles of a more traditional sense, too. This is no Metal Gear game where the last act may as well be one continuous cutscene and swimming minigame. For all the talking, DR:UDG still expects you to play the game too.So what's my problem with Ultra Despair Girls? It's the plot. It's a monumental failure on two levels, as a story and as a Danganronpa followup.Where it sits in the DR franchise, UDG is Spike's first attempt to explain what was purposefully left a mystery in Danganronpa 1 (And despite Danganronpa 2 watering down a lot of 1's impact, it still did not touch what UDG is based in.). UDG is our first look at the despair-controlled world posited by the villain of Danganronpa 1. And UDG fails utterly at depicting that, instead depicting an untouched by despair city overrun by what is essentially a robo-zombie apocalypse. What a disappointment, a complete failure of imagination! And, if not this, if not showing us what survivors of the despair cataclysm have to go through, what the hell point is there of having a shootan Danganronpa side game? This is why I call it an absolute failure. For all the good of the mechanics, it had one job. We were all hyped for that one job it took on, maybe not intentionally, but by virtue of what DR1 and 2 set up for it.*In Spike's defense, the despair world posited by 1 was mostly interesting because it was not explained. Only just enough hints were dropped to give us the impression of what we needed to understand about it. Without a truly exceptional writer, there is no way to give such a world justice in video game form. Even after Danganronpa 2 almost reduced it to super-powered teens yelling hope and despair and throwing hope kamehamehas and despair genki damas back and forth, some of that mystery was still ready to be revealed here.Instead, the story revolves around some truly nauseating villains, the Warriors of Hope. You meet them in the game's unending prologue and each scene they are in seems even longer than that. A group of evil little kids who ramble on and on and on about the abuses they have suffered with such gleeful, repetitive, drawn out abandon that it feels like Yoko Taro did the writing for most of the scenes they show up in. The irony of cute giggling little kids laughing about the insane evil acts they are committing and had been commited against them wears thin so fast and the game doesn't figure that out until about the halfway mark. There's just nothing interesting about them beyond the Taro-esque shock value of them screaming their pathologies constantly and all they manage to do is deny this game any good villains to speak of. (I guess Nagito shows up for no reason and he kinda counts as a decent villain but once again his role is just ""whatever the author needs to get out of this plothole, with HOPE as the reason."")To make matters worse, for an entire city to be laid low by little kids, we need survivors who are dumb enough to be outsmarted by little kids, and boy those show up in spades. An entire arc of the game involves survivors yelling at each other over why they are/aren't fighting back enough, despite that their enemy is a merciless robot army and all the survivors have between them are fists and chair legs.  The story is an utter mess. And the ending tries to recall the crazy trap/gambit of the final showdown in DR1 and the pale imitation that was in DR2, but this one is just terrible. You just end up wishing everyone would take off their idiot hats and let us get on with the grand finale.The only thing the story does well in the relationship between Toko and Komaru. It's a little silly, as DR writing tends to be, but the eventual warming up, nerdy chatter, and gal-pal banter between the two are the only fun you are going to have following this miserable story. Whenever the story cutscenes were just them, it was often a good time. Heck, it was downright heartwarming watching those two become friends after a while.In the end, I still recommend DR:UDG. I hate the story, but the gameplay is pretty strong, even if it takes a bit of a backseat to the story. The shooting is fun, the Toko switch gameplay is fun even if the hack and slash she does is terrible and only acceptable because it is a 15 second long super move and not anything you are playing seriously. This leaves it in an awkward position, as it can only appeal to Danganronpa fans, who love that series story, and you absolutely should not play this if you have not played DR1 and 2. But I still think it is good enough as an RE4 clone to recommend on the strength of gameplay alone.*In fact, UDG is such a failure that the one-two punch of DR2 and UDG have completely killed any interest I have in the Danganronpa franchise. Which is a shame; neither are bad games in any sense beyond their story beats, but what the hell else do you come to Danganronpa for? All the best waifus are dead."
,Recommended,555950,32892519,Posted: 27 June,all,SiegDere,YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAHYEAHYEAHHMM HMHM HMM HMHM HMM HMHM HMMHMM HMHM HMM HMHM HMM HMHM HMMHEEY YEAHYEAH YEAH YEAH YEAHYEAHYEAHOOH-OOH-OOOH-OOH OOHYEAHYEAHYEAHYEAHYEAHYEAH YEAHOAOAH OOH BABY
76561198258075071,Recommended,555950,32905542,Posted: 27 June,all,gaybe,"Early review, haven't fully finished the game yet. I'm in about the middle of the first chapter.I've been waiting months for the PC port of this game and bought it a few minutes after it was released on steam.First off, as many other reviews recommend, play Danganronpa 1 & 2 first. They contain the necessary backstory you need in order to understand this game, and are an absolute blast to play.I was surprised to see they went with Toko as a second main character. However so far she's actually turning out to be interesting and I can already see a little character development, hopefully that will continue later into the game and be more prevailant. There's ties to other characters introduced in earlier Danganronpa games, which is an aspect I enjoy a lot, as it helps tie things together better.Pros-Character designs live up to the rest of the series in being unique, interesting and visually pleasing-Story rich (text heavy) game with near full voice acting, something largely missing from the first two games-many wonderful cutscenes done in the styles of 3D, the style from the anime, and the styles from the cutscenes in the first two games-Great sound track that uses songs from the first two games and some new ones of its own-Shooting monokumas is awfully satisfying-Builds upon/provides another perspective into the danganronpa storyline-English voice acting (so far) is enjoyable, with the exception of some of the characters (the main five kids, one of them in particular is unbearably bad)Neutral-There's no keybinding options. Personally I don't think that's a huge problem because the controls aren't very weird as is (typical WASD movment, use mouse to shoot, etc) but to people who wish to play differently this could pose a problem.-Options to change voice acting to japanese are hidden rather well and need to be adjusted at the beginning of the game, before you start.Cons-3D cutscenes are, honestly, really not so great to look at.Characters move awkwardly and the animation isn't so great. Its obvious Spike Chunsoft's strong point is in 2D animation, and thankfully there are some 2D animated cutscenes. I just wish they were all in 2D. The 3D graphics in-game as you play, however, are fine.-Graphics during cutscenes can be a little buggy, and work better when playing in Windowed mode, which is a bit of a drag.-The pathfinding on the monokuma enemies is a little off. They tend to do this weird turn around thing when coming at you from around a corner.-The game introduces mechanics but it never really feels like I get to use them much.-You can't save whenever you want, you have to find specific save spots in game. That's a pretty big hinderance considering these save spots are usually only before and after going through a specific area (like a hotel you need to go through, for instance) and not in the middle.-There's not anything especially remarkable about the gameplay thus far. I'll give it to Spike Chunsoft for trying something knew and doing pretty alright with it but I ultimately prefer the gameplay of the other two games. I'm really mainly just here for the story.If you're as interested in the story line, or have played the other two danganronpa games and enjoyed them, I would recommend this game. Even if you're not great at FPS I wouldn't let that sway you away from purchasing it, as its not exactly very hard. (perhaps it will get harder in the future, but so far its been a breeze.) Its very story-heavy.If you're just now being introduced to the stories, again, play the first two first. The story is full of twists and turns and interesting characters, and wonderful mysteries to solve. One of my top favorite series ever."
,Recommended,555950,33284542,Posted: 5 July,all,子取り箱,"Just got to chase the pain away.Let it fade awayThere's a ray of hope beyond despairMove on, look for the truth in this world.Break through the confusion,Find a solution,Beat the twisted evil things,Just do it, go for it."
,Recommended,555950,34745031,Posted: 4 September,all,MonoKuma,I've been playing this game for quite literally only an hour and a half and  am already filled with despair after the bridge. Yall need to chill the ♥♥♥♥ out
76561198202220324,Recommended,555950,32973590,Posted: 28 June,all,teddo0201,"only played a few chapters but am having a lot of fun!the story is really good, and the gameplay is fantastic."
,Recommended,555950,32903089,Posted: 27 June,all,๖Kazumatsu,"Like I said, Kids are cruel Jack."
,Recommended,555950,33539814,Posted: 14 July,all,Berkesinambungan,"Gave me less despair than the previous games, but Komaru's pantsu gave me more hope than her brother."
76561198170334858,Recommended,555950,34876949,Posted: 10 September,all,Merk,"I've already beaten this game on the PS Vita. However, I still bought it again on PC anyways to re-experience the story in the way it SHOULD be experienced: in glorious HD 60fps with a keyboard and mouse.And I gotta say, hot damn.This game was MEANT to be played with a mouse and keyboard. All the controls and movements that were clunky on the Vita now feels like second nature. The gameplay is actually fun now, and many details that couldn't be seen on the small Vita screen are now in full HD glory to be appreciated all over again.TLDR The PC version of UDG is hands down the definitive way to experience this game. Everything looks crisp and lifelike in 60fps, and the third person shooter gameplay is now very enjoyable. Get this game."
76561198057465686,Recommended,555950,35243726,Posted: 27 September,all,Katorine,Don't break the controller man
76561198171231387,Recommended,555950,33147647,Posted: 2 July,all,Cory In The Shed,"Fast paced, good soundtrack and interesting story. Would recommend"
76561198150354314,Recommended,555950,33105538,Posted: 1 July,all,FrozenStardust,"Amazing. the gameplay is good, fun, and the story makes perfect sense with the Manga, and anime."
76561198001309870,Recommended,555950,34076545,Posted: 7 August,all,Safeword: POLICE BRUTALITY PL,"If you like Danganronpa franchise, then buy it, decent spin-off with the charm of main series...That reminded me...I have to finish SDR before Danganronpa V3 Killing Harmony will come out in September:O :O :O"
,Recommended,555950,33838298,Posted: 27 July,all,Shinmyoumaru Sukuna,Didn't know this game has the power to summon the police.10/10 will get arrested again.
,Recommended,555950,33251517,Posted: 4 July,all,DarkAngelShadowhunter,"I really loved this game. I had a lot of fun with it and experimented a lot of emotions as well. To understand some references is better to play danganronpa 1 and 2. But even if not, you would really enjoy this game as well"
,Recommended,555950,33089764,Posted: 1 July,all,The Breeze,"If you're a fan of the series and played the first two DR games then go for it, this one fills in a lot of missing pieces regarding ""THE TRAGEDY"" and expands about a number of established characters (Mostly Fukowa).If you're not already a fan or have no idea what the series is about, don't start here. Gameplay takes a backseat in this game and you're not likely to enjoy it. Start with Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, available on Steam and highly recommended."
76561198067513418,Recommended,555950,33490515,Posted: 12 July,all,777bigmanlee,"Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls is best played with as little spoilers as possible.The story is entertaining and despite not being part of the ""Numbered Series"" its still Canon.(Set between DG 1 and 2)I would recommend reading Danganronpa 1 before this because this game spoils a major plot twist from DG1.PROS:The game looks better than I expected. Its a well done port of the PS Vita original. Looks lovely at 1080p and runs at 60 FPS and doesn't require a demanding system.Supports Xbox 360 Gamepad.The story: It keeps you going and gets better as you understand the antagonists motivations.Surprisingly dark writing at times despite the daft tone. Makes you feel for the situation.Funny, with plenty of WTF moments that the series is known for.Awesome Music. (Although a lot of songs were used in DG1)Great English voice acting, also lets you listen to Japanese voices if you prefer. Best of all, so much of the dialogue has voice acting except for extra stuff.Nice and colourful with wacky background art.Arcade Machine Puzzles are optional. You have to pass them but you don't have todo it perfectly.The Servant. Enough said.CONS:Repetitive gameplay and too easy. It got boring to play near the end.Being a Vita game, when multiple people are on the screen they have washed out colour with no features. This looks pretty jarring during some moments.(""Yes, Adult F really contributed to this conversation!"")The game deducts your end of Chapter score if you chose to restart a checkpoint in case you screw a puzzle up.==It took me 20 Hours to finish. I would say most of that was dialogue instead of gameplay.Since I played Offline, my hours were not tracked by Steam.Overall, a solid game. I personally wouldn't say its as good as DG 1 and 2 but its definitely worth it for the story."
76561198182479345,Recommended,555950,33143015,Posted: 2 July,all,Loli pounder,DESPAIR. the game is really easy tho but the story is good as always
,Recommended,555950,33867730,Posted: 28 July,all,Sunday,"Danganronpa Another Episode : UDG is different from the main games.It's a third person shooter with puzzle like Resident Evil which is a cool attempt.However, the actions are most of the time unexciting and the puzzles are just lame. It would have been better if the puzzle format was like the final dead room in Danganronpa 2, as it felt challenging.Overall, even though the gameplay was somehow boring, the story was fun and is a nice additionnal info to the Danganronpa story."
76561198084925415,Recommended,555950,33882644,Posted: 29 July,all,Ace_Of_Blades,"This particular facet to the DanganRonpa series didn't feel quite as fluid as the others in terms of character motivations and dialogues, etc, but rather than blindly trying to bond with over a dozen potentially murderable characters, you get to do a lot of bonding between Komaru and Toko, so the subplot is much more rewarding in this one.Of course, if you haven't played the other installments in the series, this game will most likely be lost on you, given how many references there are to original cast characters, though this game can still be enjoyed as a stand alone if you don't mind missing a lot of minor things.The gameplay is a bit clunky though, as far as third person shooters go, but the different types of truth bullets and the different ways to customize each one kind of make up for it.Overall, I think this game was necessary to clear things up about the first game, and the show, and it did a pretty good job of it."
,Recommended,555950,33996186,Posted: 3 August,all,aki,"i wouldn't dive much into the story to avoid spoilers for the people that haven't played dr or sdr2 yet:but basically, whether or not you should play it depends on how you feel about the gameplay, it throws out the typical visual novel mechanics for a third person shooter. super fun imo!! honestly really enjoyed it, plus you can get more background info on the first two games, since dr:ae takes place between the two!!overall if you like normal high school girls, serial killers and mowing your way through a city with a hacking gun be my guest!!(dia this review was for you)"
76561198057754767,Recommended,555950,33570503,Posted: 15 July,all,O K U U,Girl on girl action
,Recommended,555950,34861018,Posted: 10 September,all,TEOL,"The Danganronpa series has long sought to be industry leaders in the field of being tremendously ♥♥♥♥ed up, and by making a game where the primary antagonists are children, they have found new and exciting avenues to explore.10/10 would be traumatised again"
,Recommended,555950,34842775,Posted: 9 September,all,CHARLOTTE,"<3 thought it's inferior to the main game, couldn't be wrong. it's pretty darn good if u can move past the gratituous female objectification"
,Recommended,555950,33848225,Posted: 27 July,all,Zetsubou,"Don't blame the kidsthey were victims (especially one of the girls in the group)If I were in their shoes, I'd also want to exterminate the adults"
76561198401321320,Recommended,555950,33204843,Posted: 3 July,all,GameHarbors,"Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls (FULL GAME) | No CommentaryReview:The music, visual and the game setting envirnoment plus the chaos of Despair Girls world to reach a good and high quality effect. The new gameplay mechanic and the characters are true 3D models compare to previous verison which increase and reach another high level. Impressive !Here's the linkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmfGeVVtrhc&t=17sDon't Forget to subscribe our Channelhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKARIDQtjehdKASc9PXq1gg"
,Not Recommended,555950,34883067,Posted: 11 September,all,Bewitched Kim-Chi,"Pros-The properly animated 2D OVA cutscenes-A new fresh twist on danganronpa with a 3rd person resident evil  5+6 style of gameplay-New interesting and quircky characters that fit very well into the lore-Bridged the gap between Danganronpa 1 and 2-Good character development regarding Toko-Ported quite well-Awesome soundtrackCons-THEY BROUGHT MUTHA ♥♥♥♥IN NAGITO BACK!! OF ALL ♥♥♥♥ING CHARACTERS (I really hate him if you couldn't tell)-The terribly animated 3d cutscenes (they look like they were made in MMD)-The graphics are extremly subpar (They look like those THQ kid games from 2007)-EXTREMLY repetitive gameplay-Alot of backtracking-The AI is derps out sometimesAs much as I love the Danganronpa series this game kinda felt like a miss for me, unfortunatly the cons out weigh the pros. 5.9/10"
76561198005918749,Recommended,555950,33267525,Posted: 5 July,all,Chiaki Nanami *Ultimate Gamer*,i sincerly hope for another addition to the seires with this kind of gameplay!!!
,Recommended,555950,32938940,Posted: 28 June,all,chero666,Monaca did nothing wrong
,Recommended,555950,33130414,Posted: 2 July,all,actually marisa,cumaru
76561198030526497,Not Recommended,555950,35017537,Posted: 17 September,all,EvilShuckle,"This game was quite the disappointment. Danganronpa isn't known for their amazing gameplay. Danganronpa 1 and 2 could have been masterpieces, if you actually had to solve the murders like one would in real life, as opposed to solving it by playing minigames. Luckily, danganronpa makes up for that by having the most sickening, disgusting, incredible stories, making it still one of the best games I've played.Because of this weaker gameplay, I decided to play this game on normal instead of hard, so I'd spend less time doing that. This kinda... backfired because as bad as the gameplay was, it now became even more of a snoozefest.The game is some sort of shooter where you use different bullets for different occasions. A rather familiar concept. The opponents only don't really fight back so it doesn't really matter what you do. It becomes boring fast. In between the repetitive shooting, you get thrown into a game room time and time again, where you have to 'solve' a puzzle to unlock the door. Only the puzzles are incredibly dull and simple and require almost no thinking if at all. I say 'solve', because, as I later found out, you don't have to solve them at all. The room says: kill them all in one explosion.... buuut, it doesn't matter what you do. If you just do everything but use explosions, the door opens as well.Now, the storyline. The main thing about the game series. It took about 20 hours before it finally got... a bit interesting. At the end there were some interesting twists, but it still was a lot weaker than the other two... and having to choose the very same thing over and over (you literally got the choice to either do something or don't do something, and you got that choice like 10 times in a row with a few seconds in between) was really annoying.So. This was by far the weakest of the danganronpa games. I suppose if you have no expectations and are not familiar with the other two it could be enjoyable, but if you've played the other two this is a real disappointment."
,Recommended,555950,34569942,Posted: 28 August,all,INCORRECT,fsugoi
,Recommended,555950,33345044,Posted: 7 July,all,Legit wanker,"Score:Story--11/10(If you played the other danganronpa games)--8/10(If this is your fist danganronpa game)Graphics--10/10(I just absolutely loved the artwork and they definately have a danganronpa feel)Gameplay--8/10(Sometimes the AI can be a lil clonky and that doesnt help at all)Pluzzes--7.5/10(They are rather to easy or despair indulcing,but there were some puzzles that were just right)Pros:Amazing storyGood looking danganronpa like graphics in 3dAmazing plot twistsCons:AI sometimes gets clunky and makes challenges harder75% of the puzzles have their answer just handed to you at the start"
,Recommended,555950,33493121,Posted: 12 July,all,Soul 魂,Such Despair! Much Monokuma!10 / 10 Would kill Monokumas with Komaru and Toko/Genocide Jack again
76561198058043953,Recommended,555950,33421913,Posted: 9 July,all,kandnm115709,"WARNING: This is a spin-off of another series called ""Danganronpa"". If you've never play at least the 1st one, then it's highly recommended not to play this game as it will be confusing and over-the-top ridiculous. Also, the ending sucked even more than the 1st game. It's basically a cliff-hanger for the main series' sequel.First off, let me go upfront about the game time. Minus the cut scenes, this spin-off is an incredibly short game. Despite this, it still took me far longer time to beat it because it's hardly a fun game. It's 3rd Person Shooter mechanic is a bit too clunky for my taste, the Action mechanic with Genocide Jack is too easy while the Puzzle mechanics are way too simple. I can only play for about 30 minutes per session before losing interest and play something else.My main complaint about this game is the characters. They're boring compared to the main series. Komaru is just as bad as Makoto and Hajime, all three are the stereotypical ""talentless"" and ""ordinary"" high school students that somehow manages to overcome impossible odds simply because they're the main protagonists. Supporting characters are even worst as they brought back two of the most annoying characters from the main series, Toko and Nagito, probably due to fan requests. Even worst, characters who survived aren't even likable.Another thing that I really dislike about this spin-off is that the game highly discourages players from retrying. The challenges aren't too hard to solve but it does require some precision. One simple f**kup and you're boned. Retrying lowers your overall score and it will prevent you from getting special items from getting a perfect score.While I may sound like I don't recommend this game, I actually do recommend fans to at least try it out. I mean, it successfully sated my appetite for the upcoming sequel."
76561198146522541,Recommended,555950,33201812,Posted: 3 July,all,khermerker,"ok this game is good.. and some people will say that is the weaker ... but its not weak.. is just different :P... well gameplay is just a third person shooter.. with great story at the style of danganronpa... good ost, great villains.-.. still some parts that are kinda problematic (im looking to you 4 boss that hit me when i was behind a wall) still is good in their own terms.. but as other has said... is better if you play the first game... if like me.... got started with the anime... oh well you can avoid the first game... and play this ... is not neccesary play the second game (this is the third and the bridge between those 2)... but i play it and worth.. and if you stil had not done it.. after play those 2 games.. see the anime.. and not the first season.. but the one that bring the end to the story.. is awesome .. more the last episode ...hope...PD: the last episode could help in the despair.. to the ones that finished nier automata..."
,Recommended,555950,33417606,Posted: 9 July,all,Strelok,Lord of the Flies: Monokuma Edition
,Recommended,555950,33007734,Posted: 29 June,all,FakeHeroKai,"Real fun game, the story is what you would expect from the other two danganronpa games. Gameplay is fun but good god aiming for the eyes is a pain sometimes."
,Recommended,555950,33043971,Posted: 30 June,all,Aerie ( 絶望 ),"Just giving it rep for the amazing game it is so more people play it. I'll do a full review when I 100% the game, which I /definitely/ ♥♥♥♥ing will."
,Recommended,555950,33160042,Posted: 2 July,all,Quiet,Best! Game! Ever! Doesn't! Need! A! Reason!
,Recommended,555950,32958648,Posted: 28 June,all,ElectroGirl,3rd person shooter with visnov elements of the original games. Solid storyline and great characters as expected from a danganronpa game. Great way to get your danganronpa fix until hilling harmony comes out.
,Recommended,555950,33163143,Posted: 2 July,all,MBr,I rate it Genocide Jack/10There is also a room dedicated tobest girl Junko Enoshima
,Recommended,555950,33150855,Posted: 2 July,all,Burbs_,"I first played this game because I was I had played the other two Danganronpa games on Steam and my friend let me borrow his Vita to play this game. I delivered everything I loved about the Danganronpa series while adding new great new chharacters and expanding on this quirky world that's already been established, all while doing it with a fun new gameplay style. An absolute must play for any fan of the Danganronpa series."
,Recommended,555950,34304882,Posted: 17 August,all,Thamriyell,"If you are wondering whether or not you should play the other DanranRonpa games before this one, I highly recommend it. I mean, you can watch the anime too, but playing the games gives you a better experience, for sure. Great series!This game sounds like a spin-off, but it plays a core part to the DanganRonpa storyline as a whole. It puts you in the shoes of Makoto Naegi's sister, as well as Toko from the 1st game. This game has everything you like about DanganRonpa: great story, great characters, tense moments, shocking and gruesome imagery of despair, and even some 4th wall-breaking humor! And of course, the great story of friendship, hope, and despair!This game isn't as long as other DanganRonpa titles you can find on steam, as well as changes the gameplay from Visual Novel to 3rd person shooster/hack-n-slash, but its still really fun to play!I will post a few cons, since there are so few in there for me:- Some textures aren't updated best for 1080p and may bug out, like Komaru's necktie or the eyes. The glitches can only be seen when characters are at a distance.- The aiming defaults to the center, no matter if you look up and down, which makes me adjust to the Aim Reset. It takes a while to get used to for KB/M, but works alright with controller.Aside from that, Solid KB/M controls for an over-the-shoulder shooter/hack-n-slash!Have not seen any framedrops, audio clipping, or any intense graphical glitches.Solid PC port for the most part!*EDIT*Realized I should have left my specs as part of the review:Intel Core i7-4790K CPU @ 4NVIDIA GeForce GTX 9808GB RAM"
76561198390364257,Recommended,555950,34368328,Posted: 20 August,all,waterau2012,"Very interesting game, has no bugs while playing. Good story line but inable to skip lines."
,Recommended,555950,34408282,Posted: 21 August,all,Bernkastel,"I loved just about everything in this game from start to finish because it managed to take a completely different form of game and give it a Danganronpa story, filled to the brim with its darkest themes yet, such as abuse, forced sex and murder. All of this primarily happening to children, no less.The end decision is by far my favorite yet, due to its extremely tense and stressful buildup.If you love the Danganronps franchise, you will love this game just as much. I would say it's my favorite one yet.This game can easily be used as an introduction to the franchise for those who aren't as big a fan of the gameplay style used in the first two."
76561198133230864,Recommended,555950,32962664,Posted: 28 June,all,TechnoShindo,PROSYou fight against anevil pickle[✓]Byakuya gets little screentime [✓]Talk to a walking trash can [✓]Play as a high school girl carrying a megaphone [✓]Con░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█MONACA▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀ ▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░ ▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░ME░░░░░░░ ▐░� 25/10
,Recommended,555950,33596252,Posted: 16 July,all,Misunderstood Kekistani,PlOt TwIsTs EvErYwHeRe
,Recommended,555950,33030843,Posted: 30 June,all,KURUIATTE,Game Completion Review :Story ? CheckedPink Blood ? CheckedReplayability ? Checked4th-Wall Break ? CheckedSchool Girl shooting Gundam and it's minion ? CheckedPsychopath Series Murderer slicing up robots ? CheckedDoes Ghost Exist ? Yes.Final thought : I just love DR series.
76561198246611786,Recommended,555950,32902587,Posted: 27 June,all,hintomania,"'JUST USE YOUR FREAKING GUN' the simulator. 11/10, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,555950,33286832,Posted: 5 July,all,Ligaligi,100% worth the price of the game if you are a danganronpa fan. I absolutely love it. I love it so much that I'm actually writing this review while at school because I JUST! WANT! TO PLAY! THE DAMN! GAME!
76561198244333324,Recommended,555950,34183001,Posted: 11 August,all,Thotokuma,ur gonna cry: abuse edition
,Recommended,555950,33144848,Posted: 2 July,all,Gazelle,"Are you a fan of Danganronpa?No? Go away. This isn't for you. Check out the first one and come back later.Yes? Well...W H Y  H A V E N T Y O U  G I V E N  S P I K E  C H U N S O F T  Y O U R  M   O   N   E   Y   ?If you're a fan of the series, you're gonna love it, no questions asked. It's not the same as the other games, but it's pretty damn good and it innovativly blends a mix of 2D, 3D, 3D, 2D and 3D graphics! (The other games just have 2D and 3D and 2.3D)"
76561198163288947,Recommended,555950,34145288,Posted: 10 August,all,Tuanquen,10/10 : story7/10 : gameplayGood game of danganropa series
,Recommended,555950,34384689,Posted: 20 August,all,Fake PranksTM,"This games graphics (by my standards) were really smooth, it looked better than mosts other professional games that I've played. Not to mention the cutscenes are beautifully animated. The character development was kinda lacking (all except for Toko, who went from being ""Gloomy Girl Who Insults You"" to ""Best Friend"")This game is not any less better than the others in plot, story, and cast.8.5/10 would play again"
,Recommended,555950,33057376,Posted: 30 June,all,marina,hey dude this game is pretty cool and i rather this over the other 2 games because of its gameplay so ya this is cool
,Recommended,555950,34404617,Posted: 21 August,all,Lemmingbomb,im a gentle man
76561198067567357,Recommended,555950,34920322,Posted: 13 September,all,Sapphirewave,"Am I so out of touch?No, it's the children who are wrong."
76561198060938200,Recommended,555950,32959824,Posted: 28 June,all,WhiteRiCE,Pretty average gameplayFukawa wearas black lace though and Komaru shimapan.
,Recommended,555950,32904008,Posted: 27 June,all,CDMR,P R O T E C T   F U K A W A
76561198262821407,Recommended,555950,32968518,Posted: 28 June,all,Weeb,I am basically komaru
76561198235361072,Recommended,555950,34226919,Posted: 13 August,all,PhantomHeaven,"Im a big fan of danganronpa universe, i enjoy this game alot...Im so hype for Danganronpa V3 on septemberI highly recommend this game after finishing danganronpa trigger happy havoc and before playing danganronpa goodbye despair. To get the full experience of danganronpa watch the anime version of trigger happy havoc then the 3 arcs Despair,Future and Hope including some light novels IF, Zero and Killer Killer"
,Recommended,555950,33421869,Posted: 9 July,all,Chitsuki,Masterpiece
,Recommended,555950,32962725,Posted: 28 June,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561198012649165,Not Recommended,555950,33645382,Posted: 18 July,all,Shadowgl00m,"I really wanted to like the game since I thoroughly enjoyed Danganronpa. However, this game is horrible. I couldn't stomach the gameplay for more than 10 minutes at a time.The gameplay is super simplistic and seems to have been thrown as an afterthought. You run around in a 3D world shooting using your gun. And you fight 1-3 Monokuma at a time. If you can always aim at their eye (head) you kill them instantly. Yawn...After that boring running around 1-shotting then you have to put up with the protagonist constantly questioning everything. Toko doesn't make it easier since she's super annoying in this game. I'm sorry to say, the story and bad gameplay weren't enough to get me past, what I think was, chapter 1.I suggest watching the story in a video or stream. Very unhappy with this purchase."
,Not Recommended,555950,32998625,Posted: 29 June,all,EP | Doctor X,"This game is amazing! I love everything about it from the gameplay to the story.Now if only the game would launch after the 3rd time running it. As of the time I made this review, I got to the 4th chapter but I am unable to finish the game as the game no longer launches correctly. It just is stuck on a loading icon when I first launch it. Disappointing as I'm itching to finish the game. Until there's a patch that fixes this, don't get the game."
76561198143850435,Not Recommended,555950,34232473,Posted: 14 August,all,hottpink_gurlz,There is a problem with the controls.. I have onl keyboard setting and I CANT right click to aim the hacking gun AND left click AT THE SAME TIME to shoot the bullet so basically its impossible to play >.<Idk I dont have a controller.
,Not Recommended,555950,33939406,Posted: 31 July,all,モノクマ先生,platinum trophy missing for no reason...
,Not Recommended,555950,35056735,Posted: 18 September,all,korea><(('>,dont play
76561198024589288,Recommended,555950,33367234,Posted: 8 July,all,WHX | Captskuzz,"This game is seriously one of the best games to come out in recent years. I played through it (Multiple times on the Vita) without playing Danganronpa 1 or 2, and It was still very much worth it. Here I am with my fifth play through. Hell, I'd even say its worth it at full price. The storytelling is amazing, the characters are likable, The music is great, and the atmosphere is so well done. Even the main antagonists are likable! The pc port runs amazingly with no issues, and I would wholeheartedly reccomend this to anybody who likes story based third person shooters. This game offers so much and does not fail to captivate from start to finish. 9.5/10 In my honest opinion."
,Recommended,555950,33332244,Posted: 6 July,all,Nagito's Unlucky Daughter,";Still keeps the same humor and flavour of writing from the first game, but with a slight twist on what exactly the story's about. It's less of a copy of the first game and, well, more of a spinoff.;It's literally a third-person shooter, that's how much of a spinoff it is. And I actually like it for that. It changes things up a bit, and though it might be seen as generic or otherwise noninteresting game, it's presented in a more fun and interesting way.;Bonus scenes feel worth getting, especially since you get to see relationships blossom between protagonists, and especially the one between Toko and Byakuya.;There's a scene that's mandatory that pokes fun at oversexualisation, even though it's been put in there for a completely dark reason.;The first thing I was accustomed to, however, was the soundtrack. In the other two games, I maybe liked one or two tracks. In this game, I'm a huge fan of the soundtrack and the overall theme of the sound design.;Though my laptop far from meets the game's requirements, the options to turn off shadows and graphical options makes the game a breeze to run.;All of the main dialogue has voice acting. The voice acting is pretty good, too.;I love Genocide Jack mode. The better part about it is that Genocide Jack also has her own animations for everything, like climbing objects and walking through doors etc.;It's short, if you think 17 hours is a short playthrough the first time 'round. It only took me 10-ish more hours after that to 100% the game. Thing is, I found collectible finding fun because of the bonus scenes, and the (it's weird when I say it about this game) lore involved from them.;Though people have complained about the game being 'repetitive', I do not think it's so much the case. It might be repetitive on the surface level - you're just shooting bears with a code gun - but it constantly introduces new mechanics, as well as puts old mechanics into play.;In that respect, a lot of the time the Monokuma Arcades are more like puzzles, and I did like them for that. Other than the Arcades, though, there are plenty of other puzzles too. Like the whole ""Challenge"" things you usually need to complete to get past a certain objective.;Executions, honestly, were meh. Though, replaying to find collectibles and grind for coins, I did enjoy rewatching them even after skipping all the text, so there was something I liked about them.;Nagito-bae is in this ooooonnnnneeeee;Though people claim this doesn't connect the two games on it's own...it does, as is shown by the ending, but I'm not going to go into why that is. It makes sense when you play 2, trust me. But, the story as a whole isn't completely connected, no. And it doesn't have to be to make it that much more enjoyable, it's still got excellent writing and soundtrack and even some scenes being FMV's drawn in anime style.;The ending scene choice made my spine tingle throughout, and my gut wrench as♥♥♥♥♥♥got worse -- I questioned my sense of hope and genuinely freaked out the more and more things got out of hand. The choice was presented so many times that doing either felt wrong, but I stuck with what I felt in my gut anyways. It was an amazing moment, one I find really difficult to describe. Going back and making the other choice makes my spine tingle now just thinking about it, it's genuinely that good of a scene.I am definitely going to play this later, to get A's on all difficulties and to unlock all the gallery items. I enjoyed the story and gameplay that much that I don't mind doing that again in the nearby future, effectively giving me atrue 100%past just achievements and what the game recognises as a 100% save file. I'd definitely recommend it to those who just want a laid-back story experience, and to those more familiar with TPS's that don't mind a little absurdity. And much like the other games, it's got a healthy sense of humor with a good mix of happy and sad moments. I definitely recommend this, and all of the other Danganronpa games. I cannot wait for V3, and it's rare I'm actually hyped for games, but this series is one I've loved throughout so far."
76561197993951231,Recommended,555950,33394180,Posted: 8 July,all,Ceelic,"A game with an excellent story, but with some bland combat. I found the game to be a little boring in the beginning but it eventually grew on me as time went on. The story is mainly self contained but does manage to provide some insight on what happened between DR1 and DR2, as well as with regards to specific characters and how specific ""things"" took place. So if you are a DR fan, I feel this title is worth picking up. If the combat is too much to stomach, at the very least look up the events of what happened in WIkipedia or somewhere. And definitely don't walk into this one without playing the previous two games."
,Recommended,555950,32972768,Posted: 28 June,all,Lolster,"Vastly different from the usual visual novel Danganronpa we all know and love, Despair Girls is a fresh experimentation with another genre. The game itself is fun and can keep you hooked due to your curiosity with uncovering more and more of the story."
,Recommended,555950,32998426,Posted: 29 June,all,The Grim Reaper,"Once again, I am not disappointed. This game, being a different approach on gameplay, was very fun. The story was amazing and as always so were the characters. The soundtrack in this game is really good as well.Before playing this, you should play Danganronpa THH and Danganronpa 2, in order to get a feel for the overall story, and because they are also amazing games."
,Recommended,555950,33004966,Posted: 29 June,all,Itama,"As soon as this Game was available on Steam, i bought it immediatly.As a huge Danganronpa-Fan, i was sceptic, when i first heard about Ultra Despair Girls being a third person shooter.But, after the first fight, where you have your Character with their full equipment on Ammunition and can test everything, and my first shot, letting a Monokuma dance all the sudden, all my scepsis was gone.The Movement in this game feels smooth, the Shooting itself is good, only the camera is a bit slow in my opinion, but nothing to bad.I really like all the different types of ammunition for your gun, which makes fighting diverse, as you can defeat your enemies in all kind of ways.Also there are these Arcade-Puzzles, where you have to defeat all enemies in a room with one attack without being notices. Here you must master all the different Ammo-Types to accomplish that goal and it's a huge part of the game. There are plenty of those rooms, and everyone is unique and fun.So thats for the Gameplay. surprisingly good for this kind of series.As for the Story, you got your typical Danganronpa-Charme with the Dialogue. You know, what I mean ;) It hasn't lost anything of it.But i have to say, the Story is somewhat lacking, in comparison to the Main Titles, but this is just a in-between story, so for that it is fine, just don't have too high of expectations, as for the Main Games.So without spoiling to much, the Story is about the War between Adults and Children in Towa City. The Children start attacking the Adults with the help of dozens of Monokuma-Bots and you get always confronted with some Child-Parent problems and some extremes.Also I have to say, Spike Chunsoft really tested the borders here with killing Children and Child Abusing and that kind of stuff. But thats why i respect that company for just doing their thing. They even make fn of it, as they are very well aware. I quote one sentence from the game: ""This isn't child abuse, it's pretty much the opposite, so it's allowed to put in a Video Game!""Damn I love this series :DOne last thing for the Story, you are playing Makoto Naegis Sister, Komaru Naegi and you are accompanied by Toko Fukawa from the First Danganronpa, the whole game.The relationship between those two and how they develop throughout the game is simply said, great. You learn a lot about Toko and the development of Komaru is just awesome, even her character Model changes, after her Personality changes in game, which is just a super detail i recognized. Spike Chunsoft always puts a lot of love in their games, and this game is no different.So, if you are a Danganronpa-Fan, just buy this game. If you are new to the series, i recommend hugely, play the first two games, especially the first one, or else, you won't know the background story and some important characters and many of the references to other Danganronpa games, mostly from the first one.I hope i could help you with my review!"
,Recommended,555950,33002815,Posted: 29 June,all,Butts McGee,"Note: I've finished the gameSo as others are recommending, PLAY 1 AND 2 FIRST. Will definitelly add more to this, and keep the mystery of 2 alive.Some minor complaints - i was having an issue where i couldn't move my mouse up or down in borderless mode. Fullscreen mode also refused to use my main monitor. But i played on windowed mode and was fine from there on out.The story and the atmosphere is amazing, everything looks and feels like a danganronpa game.The controls... are mostly fine. I had some camera issues at the end, but overall they're usable, i didn't die so i guess there's that!Boss fights, oh boy some were infuriating but most of mercifully short if you're having a hard time.Anyways, if you're a huge fan of the danganronpa series, i would highly recommend this game.If you're only a casual fan... this could probably swing either way for you, so maybe see if a friend has a copy and give the controls a try."
,Recommended,555950,33043634,Posted: 30 June,all,The Wall,"First lets start things off with a bit of fair warning. If you are buying this game for something like the other two Danganronpa games, then this is NOT a game for you. (waiting for Danganronpa v3 is not a bad option as it comes up very soon :^) )Now for the reveiw, I clocked in a good 10 hours into this game and finally finished it. After finally finishing it, It was a experince I personally found great for a spin off Danganronpa game. It may not have the classic format like the rest of the Danganronpa games but It brings to the table a great wonderful new experince for the series. The combat is at most average and will (I promise) get a bit repetitive. The most charming aspect I find in the combat is the certain areas that bring a sort of challenge to complete the room but is not forced onto you as you can easily just defeat the enemies to get past the room.Now, I know about everyone is saying well if the gameplay is going to get boring and not going to bring anything good for me in terms of gameplay then I shouldn't buy it. You are 100% correct and I would do that as well but the reason why I bought the game and probably why most people bought it was for the story. This aspect single handedly saved the game for me. I personally am a fan of the story and the Danganronpa world as it brings something wonderful to think and really focuses on what is good and evil. By the near end of the game, you will start to question a lot of what is the right thing to do. The game does bring life to both protagonists (yes I see Toko as a protagonist) as it has them interact and talk to each other through the game. I like that they do this very well in terms of making the two leads develop and grow from the current situation that has them survive in this terrible incident. I felt that this game was giving something that most games hasn't done in a while which was giving a chance for the player to peer into the situation and care about what the main characters are feeling because this situation is overall scary for the both of them. (many times Komaru explains this to Toko) This game does bring in lore before the second game but does happens after the first.I hope you will give this game a chance as it is fun if you're looking for another piece of Danganronpa and looking for a more action paced game from the others in the series.Thank you for taking time to read this."
,Recommended,555950,33043807,Posted: 30 June,all,TokikoTsukito,"I personally don't think this game is as good as the two before it however, I love being able to pick up the references. I'll be honest the Junk monokuma sacred the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me but god I love it so much. Isn't this game just so... hopeless?"
,Recommended,555950,33157543,Posted: 2 July,all,Taking1n1,"It's a decent third-person shooter. If you like danganronpa, you'll love this. If you've never heard of danganronpa, play danganronpa 1 & 2, then play this."
,Recommended,555950,33663716,Posted: 19 July,all,Donald J. Trump,"Ultra Despair Girls is an alright game. Gameplay was smooth and it also filled in the story between Danganronpa 1, danganronpa 2 and the danganronpa 3 anime. Disappointed that Class 77 wasn't feature within the game. Minus Nagito and Izuru. 10/10"
,Recommended,555950,33497480,Posted: 13 July,all,☕ Miu fan ☕,as a danganronpa fan i love this game and im trying 2 get every achivement im only missing 1+its diffrent from other danganronpa games+ the shooting isnt bad+nagito+main chara is a little ♥♥♥♥♥ but in time evoles into badass+this game is fun 2 play even after finishing it-despair mode is realy easy sadly its not even close 2 hard
,Recommended,555950,33506664,Posted: 13 July,all,⒞⒭⒰,"Awesome storytelling and a really nice graphical style. I simply do not like the facial animation during cutscenes.The level design welcomes you to explore the surreal enviroments making progression through the game not repetitive and always interesting.The gameplay feels a bit choppy and it's far too easy (At least at normal difficulty).I'm thinking this game is more of a novelty and should really only be played if you're a fan of Danganronpa, and you've played through the first and second visual novels."
76561198390228711,Recommended,555950,33527622,Posted: 13 July,all,Igneel,"If you have not played the first game, or watched the anime (the first season only) - you will not come in knowing what the setting of this game/story is about [the background] - and this is very heavy on the story.  But I recommend doing so!  The game is not 'difficult' (even on the hard setting), but the tension is very nerving.  I love this game and with Danganronpa - the heavy story is key!  Please do yourselves a favor and play the first game [or watch the anime] and then buy this game!  I cannot emphasize enough about how great the story of the Danganronpa series!"
76561197999030966,Recommended,555950,34533290,Posted: 27 August,all,darrcy,"I recommend it even more!,  I havn't been involved with any other of the Danganropa games but I picked this up on the PS4 the day it was realsed.   I no longer am on PS4 and moved to PC gaming.   After replenishing my collection with this game on PC and playing it i'm happy to report this port is well done.  The graphics are great.  It supports the Xbox 360 and PS4 controlers without a hitch as long as you configure them in steam.  The main girl of the story is adorable and I dont find myself skipping the script.  I wan't to hear everything they are saying.  English voice on most parts of the game. There are some parts (interuldes) that are just text.  The villians are amazing.  This game is a brilliant display of story telling that takes you into this world soaking all it's dark zanny glory.   The script made me smile when the villians introduced themselfs.  It's not all story there is also parts where you move around and shoot bears and some parts are easy as hell puzzles/games.  Works perfectly on SLI (overkill).  Man, this game is really good for the price. If you like anime this is a no brainer.   I appreicate this game and thank you for having it here."
76561198230022000,Recommended,555950,34452257,Posted: 23 August,all,Shadow,This game is pretty good if you are a fan of the danganronpa games and if you want to get more detail from the story. One complaint I have is in the final boss battle the controls went crazy and I couldn't control the camera angle properly. In future upates I would like to see this patched if possible.
,Recommended,555950,34623836,Posted: 30 August,all,xanechevalier,"Another Great Game to the Danganronpa Series, and I like how they decided to add shooting to the game, and actually making it 3D like so you can walk around. Really you should only get this game if you bought the first 2 daganronpa games or at least been following the series by watching youtube videos of the games. If you decide to buy this game and you haven't seen any part of the series, You're going to be very confused."
,Recommended,555950,34485721,Posted: 25 August,all,dangomew,"Fantastic game. Wonderful graphics and music, great characters and amazing plot as always. A VERY dark game, I don't recommend playing if you're sensitive or get distressed easily. I'm used to dark themes and horror, but this game actually got to me and me shocked. It's hard to do that, so kudos to the developers. Overall, I really enjoyed it. Well worth buying (play Danganronpa 1 first, maybe 2 as well. This game totally spoils the first one, so beware!)"
,Recommended,555950,34477683,Posted: 25 August,all,Cooliex,"As a fan who has played through Danganronpa 1 + 2 this game was amazing. The control took some getting used to with the mouse but after that it was amazing. The story was great like all the past games and now I'm excited to watch the anime with the Future and Despair arcs. Highly recommend this game if you are a fan of the series, you will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,555950,34760080,Posted: 5 September,all,Desvirgamonjas,"Danganronpa : Meet the original roster's family and friends,with extra despair edition.P.S:Do not f**king break the controller."
76561198013878077,Recommended,555950,34567708,Posted: 28 August,all,DanGerouS_InTeGraL,Surprisingly this game have more riddle/puzzle/challenge than I expected.So this game is DANGANRONPA after all !And yeah . . . Komaru indeed SO HOT !10/10
,Recommended,555950,34792427,Posted: 7 September,all,please be gentle,"It might not be a classical danganronpa, but the scenario is still as amazing as the other onesIt's rare nowadays to play a game/watch a movie which end leaves you speechless or you know... Empty or waiting for more (in a good way of course, like leaving good holidays or a leaving friend you didn't see for years)I just had trouble to play with mice and keyboard so I had to use my controller (it was harder to complete the game because im 100% pc gamer, but doable) Except that there is not much to be said, it's full of contents, with a good scenario. A very good game"
,Recommended,555950,33049724,Posted: 30 June,all,Arcanon,Everyone my friends loved died.
,Recommended,555950,34824546,Posted: 8 September,all,TheQuebecNinja,This is a game about your everyday normal high school girl and her serial killer girlfriend who fight the Kids Next Door with a megaphone after watching a whole city getting slaughtered by bears.10/10 would push a little girl on a wheelchair down a set of stairs if ever given the possibility.
,Recommended,555950,34919633,Posted: 13 September,all,Lopper,"Pretty decent game, its a 3rd person shooter unlike the previous games however its still set in the danganronpa universe that we all know and love, it does have some puzzles scattered throughout the levels to keep your brain occupied since there's no trials so that's good enough. The pc port is pretty decent, keyboard and mouse controls work well however the aiming isn't that great, even if you're good at shooters its not that easy to get perfect shots every time. There are a few issues overall like the game feels a bit unpolished sometimes and the boss fights are a bit of weak point if you ask me but the graphics are nice and it even has some proper anime cutscenes here and there. There's a lot of little collectibles you can get like lore stuff and extra things that give you more coins so you can unlock everything. The game is a lot shorter than the other games but it does one thing well and that is that it tells you what happened inbetween the first and second games and answers a lot of questions. Although one big issue I have is that there's a bit of a cliffhanger so that sucks, dunno if the tv show continues the story cause I haven't watched it yet but ya know if it does its all good but if not its a bit annoying.Overall its a cool little game, worth the play if you want to know some more stuff about danganronpa. Not a perfect game though, the levels are a bit barebones and  the gameplay is a bit weak, Genocide Jack is best girl again ofcourse. 7/10"
,Recommended,555950,34904378,Posted: 12 September,all,GunsRoseSS,"Not as good as the other 2, but a good one."
76561198072026241,Recommended,555950,35153481,Posted: 23 September,all,Cyral Drive,Sideways thumb. Definitely feels like the handheld port that it is. Mediocre and repetitive shooting glued together by a switching ammo system followed by running around mostly boring low texture environments constantly smashing through mindnumbing conversations between two young insecure chicks so you can get to the interesting part that is the bizarre story. HOKA NO GĒMUMASHIN I don't regret playing it but it was often a chore. Only get it if you've first played Danganronpa 1 & 2 and you really want more insanity.
,Recommended,555950,33052379,Posted: 30 June,all,The Angel,"I really liked it, but you must play the other ones before so you can watch the whole picture."
,Recommended,555950,35253651,Posted: 27 September,all,虹音|Rein,"Pros:- Different from other danganronpa games (Outside world)- Good Cutscenes (i.e Animated Cutscenes)- Bosses/Puzzles (Reminds me of Resident Evil)- Story (More interesting in the beginning and the end)- Dialogue (More voices in dialogues)Cons:- Gameplay was a bit watered down and vaugeOverall: 9/10Even though this is a side story, it plays a vital story through the original danganronpa stories. In this game, it brings you through a different perspective than any other danganronpa games, due to the mechanics of the game. It is a 3rd person shooter game that reminds me of Resident Evil 4. My personal thoughts about this game is that ""Should this game be ilegal?"". Yes I thought of that, if you want to know why, you will have to see it for yourself. Overall, the story and gameplay of the game is awesome, but not perfect due to the gameplay.I totally recomended it if you want to know more about the danganronpa series! But, if you just want to pass, its possible too since this is a side story."
,Recommended,555950,35227926,Posted: 26 September,all,TwiliSailor,"Danganronpa Another Episode can at times feel like an unneeded spin-off title. Changes in gameplay and presentation could be offputting to fans. It's quite hard to deny as well that gameplay is very clunky. Controls are manageable on pc, making this port an excellent way to play. Unfortunately, level design and even gameplay itself end up feeling mediocre.You will never run out of ammo. The puzzle rooms end up as wasted potential and there’s a level of polish in mechanics which Despair Girls sorely lacks. However just with classic Danganronpa, the story is incredibly compelling if a little cliché this time. The setting and atmosphere is brutal. It’s not an original story by any means, but has its own unique take on the duo protagonist stereotype; And it gives Toko the character development she needed.Since there isn’t any kind of middle ground, it gets a recommendation. The game is functional and the story will keep you invested if you’re a fan already. Try it if you want something more from the series, the story is good enough to hold this game up on its own. But for newcomers? This isn’t something that’s going to be for you."
,Recommended,555950,35012309,Posted: 16 September,all,Panda Seungri,"Definitely worth the play if you liked Danganronpa 1 & 2, the story is as good and the gameplay is very intuitive and fun. I sure enjoyed it as a experience and would love if Danganronpa tried some other game genres within the same universe."
76561198180551783,Recommended,555950,35020315,Posted: 17 September,all,crazyb0ss,This game was one of the best games Iv played its so emotional and I just love this game. Also this game was really fun and it made me feel hope and a bit of despair but moslty hope also shooting all the monkumas that was crazy awesome I never thought I get to do that in a millon years thank you so much for making this.
76561198340092362,Recommended,555950,35037553,Posted: 17 September,all,zha.james266,"Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls is a great game to expand upon the DR universe. While it's not as mandatory and the first two visual novels are to the series, it shares the original games' charm and enjoyability. The game's mechanics are rather simple and while Genocider makes the game easy even on the hardest difficulties, for any mainseries fans that might appeal to them more as the game does not require you to be a professional at shooter games. The story still has that Danganronpa feel to it, and it's arguably even more dark than the previous two games, but overall I definitely recommend this came to anyone that's a fan of the Danganronpa series."
,Recommended,555950,34808860,Posted: 7 September,all,Cumaru,Cumaru made me♥♥♥♥
