user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198067954704,Recommended,556820,32171397,Posted: 4 June,all,nestharus,"I read the reviews. Some people stated that some of the scenarios were next to impossible, being drastically outnumbered. They also mentioned how they'd just get wrecked in matches, fighting enemies that are much stronger than themselves. Let me reassure you a bit : ).1. The AI is incredibly stupid in the scenarios and you have very defensive cards : ). Let them come to you and attack you and watch them kill themselves. Simple ^_-.2. You are matched with players in your same rank. Many beginners go with a card called Ronin with 2 swords. This card has 4 attack and 2 armor, which is the highest attack of any other card in the game. Beginners that don't know how to counter this will just run up to it and die to the 4 dice. One, this card can't be ordered around. You can easily surround it, placing the opponent in a bad position. While you can stand back and force the opponent to lose a card, they are forced forward due to this ronin. Being surrounded, hurts the attack, lowering it by 1-2 depending on how much you've surrounding it.  Furthermore, you can boost your own abilities, increasing your attack by 1 and countering 1 miss. This all helps you take out their primary threat. If you happen to have cards, like ranged units or certain units that can't be countered, that easily takes the Ronin out too. Don't be stupid. Be smart.3. People mentioned that you'd run into players way above you. This is incorrect. You run into players in the same league as you. The first league is level 1-5. From being a brand new player with meh cards, I went up to rank 6 with only a couple of losses. In the next league, you may start running into legendaries. I know I do. However, I am definitely not killing people without getting hit or without losing any units anymore, lol.This is a very good game. It's not as deep or as tricky as a game like Shardbound, but you can definitely misplay.The game has absolutely no cash shop.  All currency must be earned."
76561198023507159,Recommended,556820,32024855,Posted: 28 May,all,the.grognard,"I like the mechanics of the tactical game, but I'm leary that the current design direction could turn it into a grindy, unbalanced, mess.  Tactical games don't have to be symetrical, but they should offer either side a chance of winning.Right now you earn gold by playing (and undoubtably in the future by paying) for random cards and miniatures.  You can also convert your cards and miniatures to ""dust"" and buy specifically what you want.Playing is also rewarded with experience for both units and the player.  Experience allows players to level up and control more units and cards.  Your miniatures also level up and get a bit better as you play them.All-in-all, I'm afraid that this system will either induce grinding or pay-to-win.  Both horrible aspects of this kind of game.There's enough in early access that I like to offer a reccomendation.   There's hopefully time before a full release for the devs to offer a better underlying framework for the game then grinding.   We don't need or want  ""WarGrind: Bushido."""
76561198026725682,Recommended,556820,34435670,Posted: 23 August,all,Vrykolakas,"Wow... at last a game tailormade for me and people with my profile: Strategy, TBC, boardgame, collectible figures and cards... and in medieval Japan! Couldn´t ask for more!The rules are easy to get but hard to master and the gameplay is a delight, fast paced combats (at least in the first levels). It has sooo much potential, can´t wait to see the final version in the official release.Also great graphics and music, always a plus.I think I´m gonna play a nice bunch of hours to this gem. Thumbs up for the developers!"
76561198018847741,Recommended,556820,31618559,Posted: 7 May,all,Brasidas,"TL:DR -- Warbands:Bushido (WB) is a PvE/PvP strategy game using miniatures in a Shogun-style era setting. The core of the game is in tactical combat, not so much role-playing even though there are scenarios in the works (hence PvE). There is also a robust 1v1 PvP layer where your warband competes against other players’ warbands. Let’s get into the review proper. Full rating is at the end of the review.For players:•	I should state that WB is currently NOT multiplayer per se. i.e. you don’t have more than 1v1 PvP battles at any one time. So the “online multiplayer” category is not quite accurate. Your warband may comprise 3 fighters or more, but you can only battle 1 other player at a time.•	PvE can be difficult. I posted a screenshot of the last battle at the current stage of development (Homecoming), and my 4 fighters were up against 11 warriors (8 visible, 3 hiding in the house). I will explain what I see to be the problem in the “for developers” section below.•	Your fighters can gain XP and advance levels automatically as you win fights (PvP only, PvE characters are fixed and already have full abilities, I believe)•	As you win battles (PvP), you gain cash which you can use to purchase a greater variety of units and/or “order” battle cards. These battle cards work like any card-based game, and can be deployed in battle if your morale points are high enough•	At the beginning, you are given a set number of morale points, and you can gain more as your fighters battle their foes, or diminish as you use order cards.•	The bad news: fight outcomes are determined by dice roll, which are totally random – as far as I can see, whether you gain morale or not is also totally random•	As such, play-balancing is crucial. I think a number of the negative reviews attest to this. What they are complaining about is that the game is too tough, whether PvE or PvPFor developers:•	You need to balance the game better if you want to have both PvE AND PvP. That’s because a system that works well in one may be poor in the other. In PvE for example, a farmer and his pitchfork has an equal-rated attack (equal chance of scoring a hit) as my samurai and his katana?? Seriously? That does not make sense at all, from a historical or tactical perspective, especially if my fighters are outnumbered 11 to 4. However, in PvP, this system can work since we have the same number of fighters•	Can we have more than one player character? If not, then:•	Please create a “reset” or “start over” feature, where you can begin again. Otherwise you are stuck with the same player character, and after say level 9, it becomes really difficult to get cash, and the game becomes very grindy•	You should also allow upgrading of units to legendary status either using dust or XP or both. Currently it is so difficult to craft or buy a legendary unit. How can I possibly create a warband for the arena under the current restrictions? I am level 10 and have spent 1000s in cash and only have 2 legendary fighters (which also have to be leveled up from scratch). If you want mass participation in Arena, you need to lower the restrictions to get in. Otherwise players will get bored and give up•	I cannot complete the first campaign (I hope it’s because of early access state) – I’ve killed the bandit chief 3x, and am still stuck on the same progress route on the main map9 May update:==========•	Consider increasing the size of the rewards based on player level, so that advancing doesn't become unplayably difficult, or grindy•	Maybe implement a trading system where players can convert cash into dust, so that they can obtain legendary players•	Add more battle maps for PvP. Hopefully this will happen when the game is complete. Right now there are only 3. The map you get can sometimes mean victory or defeat (depends on the cards you get too)==========Overall:•	PvE and especially PvP fights can be tough. A number of negative reviewers mentioned this but I have to stress: you NEED to know your fighters WELL. Like any tactical combat game, understand their strengths and weaknesses (and your opponent’s) if you want to win (and terrain of course)•	WB is a good game that can (hopefully) be great. I feel that it’s currently more geared towards PvP than PvE, and RPG elements are almost non-existent. That’s ok, a game can’t be everything, but I think the devs need to address the points above if they want to focus on rounding this game upSince this is early access, I will update the review and rating when the game goes live. I have high hopes for this game.Recommended: 6.0/10.0"
76561198008183506,Recommended,556820,34999654,Posted: 16 September,all,Post Meridiem,"THIS GAME HAS NO MEANINGFUL PVE - just need to get that out the way, to avoid any disappointment.The core of the game is collecting & levelling troops, and PvE doesn't contribute to either (negligible loot & no XP) - in fact, aside from the tutorial, you really shouldn't even attempt PvE until you have PvP'd yourself some stronger troops.** Pros **Really interesting videogame concept, well executed with a very nice price point.The game is heavily random (as dice based), but there's nonetheless plenty to do strategically.The PvP seems to be very pick-up-and-play; you don't have to socialize and there's no chat.** Cons **Seeing as how quick PvP skirmishes form the bulk of gameplay, it gets pretty repetitive for a game that needs to be played a lot to make progress.While well presented, afraid I just found the setting & units very bland and hard to distinguish; there's no fantastical units (e.g. sorcerers or oni), no ninjas, or even simply unique characters - nor is there any world-building of note.In conclusion: excellent value 'hobby game' if you are in the market & don't want the temptation of microtransactions, but don't expect memorable PvE or story-telling - really hope that the developers plan expansions, or to use this engine/model for miniature games in livelier settings."
76561198054281126,Not Recommended,556820,32848570,Posted: 27 June,all,Hokkoda,"I really really want to like this game and for the most part i do.Love the art form of the maps & units.for most part the units are balanced and combat is a lot of fun most skirmishs last around 5 - 10 minutes RNG can make you pull your hair out sometimes but for the most part its a fantastic game.RNG could be fixed with re roll or 2 per match to balance it out.. easy done...but the grind ohhh dear god the  F$%king *(*%^*^% @**%^*^%^%  in the  **%* ^% with ^$#@$ unicorn ^&%$#@ grind kills it...... aboslutly fundimentally  ruins its....... you cannot get enough gold to buy packs of mins and cards, it takes forever to save the gold.Smallest pack is 100 gold. you get 10 gold for every 3 wins 5 times a day....... you have to play 2 days worth to get enough gold for one crapy little pack of mins. then when you do save up all those little gold peices all you get is crappy  commons that are rubbish...... 2 days and you get rubbish. you can traid them in for dust but....... you get 5 dust for a common and it cost 700 up for a legendary............. you can only play the arena with legendarys.....which apparently is the best place to get gold....... WTF .......do the math its bollux.theres also a 1000 gold pack but why the f*ck i have no idea. well i do but its ♥♥♥♥♥♥seriously .... i hope they're not but it feels ike they're going to introduce a pay for gold option...... which would be BSthey do that and im walkingI really want to keep playing but i just can't, the grind is killing itIf they took out the grind and you won say 20 gold for each skirmish win then you could actually get the mins to play in the arena... if they did I'd give this game a massive thumbs up but for now..... with all the grind..... nooope"
,Recommended,556820,32883103,Posted: 27 June,all,Xas,"Artwork is nice.At present, the storyline isn't complete.A  grind game for the patience.Rely heavily on luck on RNG in battle and spending precious gold on cards from the packs.Basically a pvp game since the Decks and the Storyline does not relate.Pvp may be fun for some, but bland for others, too random dice throwing.RatRace game for one who enjoys grinding lots of hours grinding on skirmish battles for gold and cards, accumulating exps for the units.' He who puts the most efforts would most likely win with a stroke of luck. 'Fails to meet my expectation, playable for a short period.Recommend if its on sale only."
,Recommended,556820,29424794,Posted: 22 January,all,Rumblefish,"Do you like board games, tactical combat, or feudal Japan? If you answered ""yes"" to any of those options then you may want to give ""Warbands: Bushido"" a try. Steam recommended it to me, and based on the low Early Access cost of $7.00 I decided to give it a shot. I am very pleased with the Early Access quality, game play, and the direction in which development seems to be going. Even though the game uses a board game approach and aesthetic, it is mostly a turn-based tactical combat game at heart. Characteristics like toughness and agility are inherent to each unit, and each unit gets a turn to move and attack each round. The board game aspects are overlaid on top of this, with dice rolls that are used to determine the success of the attack/defense, card draws that enable the units to perform special abilities, and morale points that must be spent to put cards into play. Currently there is only one single-player campaign in the game (which from the start I found to be difficult), but if you take the time to read everything the developers plan to include in the release version, there's a lot more content to come. The current state of the game attests to this, with in-game currency (ryo) earned and spent in a ""store"" on unit and card booster packs, and on more yet-to-be-released campaigns. I suppose the game's degree of success will determine how many more campaigns and how much other content will follow, but based on what I've seen I hope the game enjoys success and that there will be much more content to come.So far my only concern is that most ryo appear to be earned through Skirmish Mode, which at the time of this review is only PVP. While I don't mind occasional PVP, I don't want to be forced into it to earn the currency necessary to acquire more content. Hopefully they will come up with more diverse ways to earn ryo, or implement a Skirmish option to play against AI.A few other reviewers have commented on things like dialogue errors and the like, but I would point out that the game is still in development (the version we're playing is not a finished product) and that Red Unit Studios is a Russian developer, so it's understandable that there are some very minor (but still noticeable) translation errors in the Early Access version.--- UPDATE, 7 FEB 2017 ---Now that I've had more time to play I've discovered more about the game, and IMHO it's all good news! To expand on my comments about the in-game ""store"" ... the two items people will spend most of their in-game currency (ryo) on are new unit/miniature packs and card booster packs.Each miniature pack gives you 3 new units of random quality (common, rare, epic, legendary). None are more powerful than the others when you receive them, but the better the quality, the higher it can level, which means more stat points and abilities for that particular unit. This is great for someone like me who likes to have in-game goals to work toward. Without unit leveling, the game would be kinda like Monopoly--the same game every time you take it out of the box--but the ability to level units gives players something to look forward to, and to work toward.I also discovered that everything you buy in the store can be sold to help earn more ryo to buy your next booster pack. If there is a coin icon in the top right corner of the item, just click on it to open a ""sell"" window. To date I've spent most of my ryo on new miniatures (there is a surprisingly wide variety of units). When I finally realized the difference in unit quality, I noticed I had numerous ""common"" units, some of which were duplicates of ""rare"" units I already possessed. Since one logically wants a warband of superior quality, I sold all my common units (5 ryo each), moving closer to my next booster pack purchase.I haven't sold any cards yet, but they work the same way. Got too many of a type, or some that you just don't like? Sell them!I also have a comment on Skirmish mode now that I've played it more. I take back what I said before about not liking the idea of being forced into PVP to earn ryo. After playing more skirmishes it doesn't bother me at all. A skirmish match is so short--like 5-7 min per match--it's pretty much over before you can develop a dislike for it. Normally I hate PVP games in which I'm hopelessly outplayed or outmatched, but skirmishes are so short I don't even have a chance to get worked up about it. And to clarify, I haven't been hopelessly outmatched so far, just outplayed. Your chance at winning any given match is determined mostly by the units used and dice rolls. Tactics just help tip the scale. In that sense, I suppose if you're looking for a game in which tactics (i.e. movement) plays a deciding role then this might not be the game for you. But if you like ""tactical-style"" board games (which tend to have a more casual feel), it's definitely worth checking out.Last--as if I haven't sung enough praises for this game already--when I downloaded it, the file size was like 150 MB ... that's right, MB, not GB. I'm thoroughly amazed at how professional the game looks and feels for such a small file size. I'm adding Red Unit Studios to my ""watch list"". If Bushido is typical of the quality I can expect from them, I'm eager to see what they come out with in the future.--- UPDATE, 25 Feb 2017 ---A change, and a new discovery.First, the devs changed the ability to sell unwanted minis and cards. Now they are ""disenchanted"" (if that is the proper word to use) and turned into dust, which can then be accumulated and used to craft ""legendary"" minis and cards. Under the previous model one had to keep spending ryo in the store, each time getting random results of random quality. Under the new system, the dust can be used to craft legendary items (and only legendary items, which is what players want anyway). But of course, it takes a lot of dust to make a legendary mini. In the end I don't know which method is better, having to build one's collection through store purchases and random results, or giving players the dust resource so they can save toward exactly the minis and cards they want. There is a certain thrill to buying things in the store, because each time I open a package, I wonder, ""Will I get a legendary or elite mini this time?"" In the end, I find myself wondering, ""Could players have both?"" I.e., why not use both systems, so players have the option to sell their unwanted items for gold, or disenchant them into dust to save and craft exactly what they want? Whichever direction the devs choose, it won't lessen my opinion of the game since it doesn't affect actual gameplay. I can live with whichever decision they make.Now for my latest discovery ... this may have been in the game since the beginning, but I just noticed it today. As your minis gain xp they gain levels, which appear to be permanent. However, each player also has a level based on wins/losses, but the player level appears to work on a sliding scale. Naturally, the more you win, the higher your player level, but if you lose too many skirmishes you lose player xp and your player level will drop. While that sounds negative, so far I haven't found a downside to it, because each time a player levels--even if it's reaching the same level repeatedly--you get the gold reward for leveling. It's not a huge amount, but every little bit helps if you like buying items in the store rather than saving dust to craft them."
76561197960691190,Not Recommended,556820,31098582,Posted: 12 April,all,ÐragonMG,"Sadly i cant recommend this game.I played it for 3h (nah wait before you say something) and i really love the game and the mechanics. I played the 2 avaiable tutorials (took me 15 minutes) and then played the Game which is ONLY designed for multiplayer matches.And thats the point. I played nearly 3 hours nonstop multiplayer matches with a waiting time of not even a minute and my loose win rate is clear. I won 2 Games and i loose all the other games. Not because bad luck on dices, because i dont own leveled chars nor the chars that where brough against me nor did i own all the god mode cards (yet) they bring up against me.I had games where i not even scratched an enemy before he runs me over with his tank. Up to 4 possible damage to all my warriors around is just one nice card to encounter. Also the enemy units have way more dices than me. I got a game in which my enemy runs over me as i was just chicken in Zelda. Run to me - one hit 3 damage unit dead. Runs to next unit 1 damage. My turn i had (for any reason) only 1 dice he got 4 to defend and killed my unit in defense. then ran to my last unit one hit unit dead...Thats not fun... really... i dont want to play multi player games just to get beaten up like this. And the worst thing is i not even get ANY kind of reward from it. Only if you win you can level to buy new units and new cards.So the game follows a very simple rule. If youre on the ground stay there because you never can get up....EDIT:And the VERY BEST thing is - if you loose to many battles you get a level DOWN wich means less points for your setup... i really CANT recommend  the game"
76561198049638327,Recommended,556820,28627452,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dead Applesauce,"-Best Feature: NO microtransactions, though it smelled a little of it at first everything is in-game money with no real money option. The RNG goddess will decide your luck with boosters, not the Visa and Mastercard gods-Samurai themed without being really weebie-Collectible miniatures and cards for online play.-Your miniatures level up as you use them. Named my archer Cpt. Bad***-Daily Quests that get added every 12 hours. You can stack up to 3 of them-No private matches (mayhaps they are just well hidden?)-Enough randomness that you stand a chance against better players with better gear, but you gotta be smart to take   advantage of it. I'm looking at you Hand of Destiny-Good chance that you'll pick up a nemesis that you'll hold a 50/50 win loss with as you level up-Felt the skill gaps tighten up about 3 hours in to where every match was a close affair-Main complaint is that you don't get coins based on matches, but by completing daily quests. Although the base units will push through just fine for a LONG timeOverall I loved it. Worth my $7"
76561198024662739,Not Recommended,556820,35008844,Posted: 16 September,all,Mr. Book,"Didn't realize you can't just play a campaign against the game. I have no interest in playing against other people especially when I just started the game. Didn't realize I had to get the scenarios with the earned coins, which I now can't seem to earn enough of to get a scenario pack.  After a few skirmish battles it was just boring and repetitive. I don't want to have to collect coins just to actually play the game. Don't see any reason to keep playing. Another game to add to my Steam-ing pile of wasted money."
,Recommended,556820,28097094,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SirSanti,"It is a tactic board collection game catches by easy and interesting gameplay, with nice graphic design and music, and also i like Japanese theme with samurais etc, definitely it's worth to play some hours, + if you like board games and throwing dies - you'll totally like it!"
,Not Recommended,556820,28302415,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Budikah,"Don't let the ""Not Recommended"" review fool you too much - you might enjoy this game. I will say that while overall I do not recommend it to everyone, if you are a fan of tabletop games, miniature wargames (Warhammer 40k, Warmachines, Infinity, etc) you very well might love this game. I did for awhile, and then the lustre wore off. It was certainly worth the $7 I ended up paying for it. I do not feel cheated out of my money and enjoyed my time with it.Basic Mechanics - the most basic rundown of the mechanic is that each unit has ""strength"" which is the number of dice you roll when you attack - and if you attack in melee your enemy hits you back for his ""strength"" in dice. These dice rolls are compared, and whoever has more hits does that much damage to the other. Ranged attacks, and some special attacks allow you to roll dice unopposed. The dice, as of typing this, are 50/50 chance to hit or miss. Six sides, with a miss, miss, miss, hit, hit, hit + morale (morale are points you use to fuel abilities).PROS- A nice representation of a miniature wargame on a table. The models look nice, and the aesthetic works.- The game plays smoothly without a deluge of bugs, keep in note it still is early access though. There are many quirks and language errors that pop up, but overall the game has been incredibly playable since day one of it's early access release.- Enjoyable tactical gameplay with a low entry cost.- A pack opening/loot system which in it's current form isn't too obtrusive or pay to win. Devs have stated that they do not like the idea of any pay to win systems in the game.However, the downsides are ultimately why I cannot give it a full thumbs up.- The game relies on random dice without much of a way to influence them. There are abilities and cards you can use in battle, but they often just add more dice - to which your chance to hit on a dice roll is still 50/50. In short, this means that your enemy can play poorly, but still win on his dice rolls and while you may have set yourself up for a victory, the dice can sway the other way and your plan will quickly fall apart. In a way, this game is about making the best of totally uncertain situations. It's 50/50 between tactics and luck, and luck can destroy your tactics. That said, the better reactionary player will still win - you just need to be creative. This game ends up being twists and turns of luck and abusing the mechanics that reduce your chance of failure. In it's current form, this is what drives me away from this game the most. There needs to be more mechanics in the game to allow certainty.- Low playerbase, which in a niche game like this doesn't seem like it'll ever truly blow up. This is alleviated by the fact that the developers have included bots in the game to play against with the guise that they aren't labeled bots and try to mimick players names. Only after realizing certain enemies made incredibly odd choices did I realize this game included bots.- While not pay to win, each unit has a Common, Rare, Epic, and Legendary tag on it. Common units can only level up so many times, whereas the others have a higher level cap. This higher level cap gives these units more movement speed, more armor, and an extra ability - which is going to be a big deal down the line. To me, this sort of muddies the waters for long term progression. People are going to get a bit miffed when they come up against somebody with all leveled Epic units, as even +1 armor means quite a bit in this game.Do some researching into this type of game and see what you think for yourself. It has potential, but I believe it needs quite a bit of working to make it palatable to a decent sized audience.I don't want to totally pan it however, because I do believe tabletop games turned digital can be quite fun and I certainly got my monies worth for this purchase."
76561198150744237,Not Recommended,556820,33833761,Posted: 27 July,all,AwesomeJester,"Unfortunately at the current state of the game I cannot recommend this.The game itself has great potential, it is a little too luck based and such but all this can be fixed, overall it is a promising game. The animations and graphics are great and the gameplay is very diverse with the available figures. In addition building up your warband and adjusting it to what you have available after earning some booster packs feels great and is a lot of fun.However, in the end the game is focused on the multiplayer aspect. I have played the game for around 6 hours but yet I was not able to find a single human opponent in the skirmish mode.Essentially the game is therefore dead, as without any humans to play against you are left with farming the bots you are paired against which is fun for a little while, but not enough to make playing worthwile and interesting. The exisiting PVE content itself does not make up for this, it may only fill another hour or two.Long Story Short: The game could be great, but without a playerbase the game has essentially nothing to offer."
,Recommended,556820,31914630,Posted: 23 May,all,Misslemike,"Brilliant game, although since it is in early access it is still rife with bugs.Game itself is solid and well grounded. However, it does feel a bit too dependant on RNG. Some more emphasis on strategy would be preferred.Devs are great; wrote a minor complaint on the forums and they responded quickly, fixing the aforementioned issue within a few days. Very responsive and friendly, and always ready to listen to the players.I honestly can't wait to see where they end up taking this unpolished gem. I would definitely recommend investing now before the price goes up once it gets out of Early Access."
76561198022754544,Recommended,556820,34095467,Posted: 7 August,all,chaosguy,"Absolutely worth it for $8!It's a fun and fairly quick tactics-style game, with some matches completing as quickly as 7 to 10 minutes (though there is some turtling in the meta, currently).   It definitely has that table-top feel.I have to say i was on the fence briefly myself as whether or not to get this game, but in the end, the primary complaint in the negative reviews seems to be about RNG.  I mean, it doesn't seem valid to me to complain about a bad roll in a DICE game.  Sometimes you'll roll awesome, sometimes you won't, and sometimes you can go on streaks of either-- the R in RNG stands for random my friends.  As I said though this IS a tactics game, so while the dice can still screw you, you can mitigate this quite a bit with, you know... tactics.  Tactics here involve positioning (some units get an automatic bonus versus surrounded units & other units can use spears to reach over an intervening unit for example) and timing (knowing when to play a card that prevents and enemy from moving for example).I've paid more than double what this game is asking  for tactics games that aren't nearly as good."
,Recommended,556820,28479934,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Phaedros,"Warbands: Bushido is truly a treat, it plays like a tabletop collectible miniatures skirmish board game in digital form.Note: At this time there is no way to purchase booster packs of miniatures or order cards for cash, the game in its current state is play2win, though I've only lost a handful of games (blessed be RNGesus) since I've started playing, and a few of those were against some pretty strong warbands for my level (there does seem to be some basic matchmaking in place.)At this time I'd say it's well worth the $7USD pricetag and you should definitely jump in like I have! :DOh, wait, I was supposed to have a con in here somewhere right? Oh okay, fine, my only con is that the English localization could use some work (but the devs are more than happy to work with English speaking players to fix that!)"
,Recommended,556820,28918032,Posted: 1 January,all,Les,Very promising title.I hope authors will add meaning full single-player campaign.
76561198038896333,Recommended,556820,28603465,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KingKoontz,"If you love tabletop games such as Warhammer 40k and the like then you'll feel right at home quickly with this game. The models remind me of the Heroclix figures i used years ago in that you can look at their base and know their stats right away. Lovely art, great dice combat...there's a whole lot of good things going on with this game and there's more to come. This is a no brainer buy!"
76561198009331989,Recommended,556820,31356545,Posted: 25 April,all,boats n' hoes,"Suprising amount of tactical depth for a game that takes about 2 seconds to learn.  Heaps of units that accomodate really varied approaches to the game.  Match pairings are well balanced.  RNG is an evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but definitely cuts both ways!  A bit grindy in it's present state.  Would be nice if there was more connection between the campaign and skirmish modes, like unit or card awards for skirmish that can be earned in the campaign.  Very playable in its present state."
76561197970584387,Recommended,556820,29415263,Posted: 21 January,all,Brannagyn,"A well-polished suprisingly deep tactical game that takes a bit of early effort to get to the good stuff.At the outset of the game you may be put off by a few elements:The single player campaign is tough!The number of units you have in PvP are limited and reduce your tactical options.The dice rolling seems to outweigh your tactical choices.However, once you get past these learning bumps, your units expand, you learn to use positioning effectively and you begin to see victories determined by chance more and more replaced by those won by effective use of the varied tools at your disposal.Tactics far outweigh the element of dicerolling but those who don't have the patience to learn how to use the system, and those who are simply weak at tactical planning, are likely to give up early. For those who enjoy the genere though there is a lot of fun to be had. Single-player should be considered more of a tutorial/training puzzle while in Skirmirsh you have access to 25 different unit types, each of which can be found in 4 different rarities. The most common can increase up to level 3, while the rarest can reach level 6, with each level improving their abilities slightly.Still in early access, the game is already adding additional maps, with new units and cards planned for the near future. What is here already is more than enough to justify the price though, provided you like tactical strategy and have confidence in your abilities!"
,Recommended,556820,34784941,Posted: 6 September,all,Phwop,"Warbands: Bushido is a digital collectable miniatures game, a good one. Not that I've played many digital minis games, but bear with me. I'll throw out the the one low point first, the English isn't great and can be confusing (though there's a thread to help them update!). It's enough to get by on, but some unit descriptions are fairly confusing until you see them in action a couple times.Where Warbands: Bushido shines is in it's short, tactical PvP battles and the incremental rewards it dishes out that keep you searching for just one more opponent. There are single-player campaigns but since they don't help you level up your units or acquire more than a small handful of units, they're never going to get you into the heart of the game: collecting and maturing a group of Seven Samurai-esque killing machines while planting other people's would-be heroes in the ground.Edit: Interestingly enough, once you've acquired a number of levelled legendary units, the Insane difficulty scenarios are very challenging, rogue-like experiences which will stretch your tactical expertise to its limits and reward you with a bonus Legendary figure! It's a bit brutal that you'll need quite a few maxed out Legendary figures to even attempt these higher difficulty scenarios, so they're effectively gated behind a lot of PvP time and effort.Units are varied and interesting, though fairly dull until they earn XP; which, again, is only available from PvP battles... but you'll acquire some every battle. And your options seem to stay limited for quite a while as you build up player levels and slowly unlock more army points, army size, and collect units and cards in randomized booster fashion. There are a lot of options in the game, and they're not terribly well explained, but if you follow the gold trail of tutorial missions (marked with a college graduation hat icon) until they stop coming you'll get a taste of it all.As an avid XCOM player I'd say that this game strikes a wonderful balance between XCOM's tactical battles and Pokemon's collect and upgrade mechanics. Unit balance is solid and well considered, I see no one true path to victory besides collecting legendary versions of whatever units you use best... and before I end this, let me give you some advice: Legendary units (gold rimmed bases) are the best, keep every one you get if you're lucky enough to pull one. Because your max level is limited by the rarity of your soldiers, these bad boys will be able to gain an extra point of almighty 'Toughness' as well as all the abilities that lesser version can gain from levelling. Other units are fine, Epics (blue) are suitable for use in your army at any time, until you can replace them with the golds, but greens and greys are expendable for dust... the currency which, if you can acquire 600-800 of, you can build your own Legendaries without relying on the booster RNG gods.Edit: After acquiring a band of Legendary units it's clear that balance is geared around max level Legendary units and powerful card combinations, some abilities seem pretty lackluster until you combine them with the extra Toughness of a level 6 unit and/or some of the more devastating cards. A unit may feel more like a Magicarp until it hits that final power-bump and reaches its final form.In the end, if you want to play a highly tactical, dice-rolling battle RPG... get this game. If you can't stand PvP, or some Pokemon-speed grinding and collection, leave it on the table."
76561198296367359,Recommended,556820,32468489,Posted: 16 June,all,omg3,"I love TBS game, and Warbands:Bushido has became one of my favourite. The developers really did a good job on the art design and the game flow is amazing. Same as some of the other comments. I have two suggestions on this game:1) The game balance need to improve because the most important part of the TBS game is strategy. In this game the single warband unit is able to gain experience and level up (+HP +Move +Armor), which really impact the game balancing. Instead of +HP, +Move or +Armor, I think a better way is just add up some special ability for that warband unit.2) I know this is an early access game, but I still wish the game developers add the story mode of this game.In addition, I really like this game, if anyone know how to get their artbook, I would like to have one (I will pay) !"
76561198023822633,Recommended,556820,32836158,Posted: 26 June,all,Hanazuki,"First time playing board game like this. very enjoyable, hope to see the full campaign."
,Recommended,556820,34388221,Posted: 20 August,all,OwiHH [NC],"Nice made little game. Detailed and unique looking UI, miniatures, cards and playfields. Nothing wrong for a under 10€ early access game. I like it pretty much."
,Recommended,556820,33565333,Posted: 15 July,all,Dunngarm,"The game is good. If you're into turn-based squad PVP skirmishes you have to try this game. Ofc I would prefer landsknecht era setting but it's me.There is one major con for me. it's RANDOM. Sometimes one side just can't damage a unit despite having 5 dices vs 3, or 4 vs 2 in several turns because you know dices. And sometimes you (or your opponent) simply destroy unit on even dices in two turns because you know dices. It's a thing I love about Banner Saga Factions - no random (only thrasher ability has it iirc).Also current arena in kinda meh, I hope devs will add weekly tournament or something else, but it's still EA so we'll see."
,Recommended,556820,29165226,Posted: 10 January,all,Pork Pie,"Don't usually write reviews, but this game is fantastic.  Simple, addictive, fiedishly tactical.  Recommended."
,Recommended,556820,28209094,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Thuzar,"Fun game, totally nails the board-game experience and FEELS like a table-top game. Highly recommended!"
76561198161419604,Recommended,556820,32699542,Posted: 23 June,all,Chimera,"Great game, aesthetically very pleasing, simple yet complex gameplay, a great set of mechanics that work well with each other. I.e tabletop, dice, cards. The styling that makes you feel like you are playing a miniature's game inside your computer is a nice touch.I feel like there is a lot of potential for the game and it's currently fun but obviously not finished.The only problem with the game is that the people who play it are not very good at it. I've won 95% of the games I've played, and there is no win-streak mechanic that lets you progress quickly based on your innate skill at these kind of games. So there is a hideous grind of beating scrubs before you meet people who have ever played a tactical rpg before."
76561198004980955,Recommended,556820,35071985,Posted: 19 September,all,Petrothian,"for its price. is a decent turn based collecting stratgy game.wish it is more polished though. but otherwise good enough for its price (would give it a glowing recommendation if its more polished and more things single player... cause right now, to level up your warband.. you need to pvp which can make you lose progress)."
,Recommended,556820,30398428,Posted: 8 March,all,HolyMoses,"A fun rendition of a tabletop wargame. The games are quick lasting between 5-15 minutes. There is a degree of luck and skill involved, but I find skill an important factor, even if the dice are against you it is still possible to win with excellent tactics and cards that fit the situation.I like the fact that your units level up and keep their progression. It is possible to customise your units colours.It is not pay to play - you play against people the same league as yourself which makes it fun.All in all for the price an excellent buy and for a game which is in early access it is already a decent product with very few bugs that I have experienced.Thanks for a great game!"
76561198274347028,Recommended,556820,32819182,Posted: 26 June,all,diego,"Well, yesterday I bought this game then spent hours on it, and in the evening my gf was mad at me...Anyway, it's really a good game and a potential gem! Turn based combat + cards type is a nice combination!Scenario Homecoming seems not fully developed or there's following content, it's ok.Skirmish is the only part worth playing now, but sometimes you can't find others to fight, and the map is too large for low-wp warbands to fight, maybe it can be reduced at least for low-wp fights.Dust grinding is... oops, maybe I'm only a beginner but it's quite annoying grinding.And some thoughts,- the samurai with on guard skill is terrific for AI-fight, not sure for PvP;- those 1 wp units are quite powerful, trust me;- 3skulls vs 2skulls doesn't mean winning;- find every chance to hit enemy's back!yeeeep, my gf is already calmed down, I'm happy now.In the end,We need Chinese!我们需要中文版！"
76561198014950733,Recommended,556820,32794617,Posted: 25 June,all,MrFusion,"Right now, the game is basically a PVP Skirmish game with some intreoduction in form of a short campaignThe PVP fights are pretty nice, and while luck does play a role, you can minimize it like you'd do in Bloodbowl or other strategic dice gamesYou fight enemies with your warband, earn money which you use to buy new 'Command' ()spell you, the General, uses) and of course buy new Warriors for your teamThere is a huge variety of those, and the games I've played so far were quite differentAll it takes is a big release, which they should get, to make this game one that hopefully stays longer than Bannersaga Factions....Currently games are quick to find, but I met a few people every now and then againWith a strong playerbase, this game will be awesome"
76561197976065783,Recommended,556820,29257455,Posted: 14 January,all,poodles noodles mcdoodles,"Excellent little strategy game. Don't let the random dice rolls get you, conistently good tactics will win the day."
,Recommended,556820,29885189,Posted: 12 February,all,Easy (nCore),"If (a) you play irl tabletop skirmish games, this is an auto-buy for you. If (a) and also (b) you love Japanese medieval era than this is an auto-auto buy. If (a) and (b) and also (c) you like turn-based tactical combat and you still don't have this game, than something is wrong with you.I only hope that it survives early access and more importantly manages to build a big enough MP community with good matchmaking and a variety of maps. There is a CCG aspect (ability cards in booster packs) that could potentially kill this game if its not handled well, and at the moment I have no idea what their plans are.In fact, now may be the best time to get in in case it does go to♥♥♥♥♥♥:) as everything so far is earned in game and given the price you'll recoup it in fun without a doubt.So yeah, I love it and want it to succeed."
76561198035354701,Recommended,556820,33206186,Posted: 3 July,all,Mystery,"This game may still be in early access, but it is definitely worth it.There are already two single player campaigns for those who don't like PVP.PVP games are quick - a match takes perhaps 15 minutes, often less, so it's perfect for a lunchbreak.The rules are rather simple, they could really work as physical board game and making a tactical mistake can be quite unforgiving against a clever opponent.Since all attacks are made with die-rolls lucky/unlucky rolls can make quite a difference. Also, most of the time a bad attack roll may result in a counterattack, damaging the attacker. It is very important to optimize your chances by clever positioning (attacking from opposite sides gives both attackers a bonus for exmaple). Another important factor are special abilities and order cards for attack bonuses or attacks that can't be countered. Using these abilities costs morale points, however, which are limited and only slowly are regained by certain die-rolls.Your units can be leveled to get more abilities and stats increases.The graphics are nice, the sound is atmospheric, though a little repetitive.For 6 Euros, this is game is a real gem and definitely worth buying if you like turn based tactics with a little bit of RPG elements and deck building. It can be a somewhat grindy, though, because the units you can choose from only level in PVP games and not in solo mode."
76561198039476994,Recommended,556820,29428564,Posted: 22 January,all,Bathala,"Highly recommended.If you are into board games, WB Bushido is the game for you.The PVP of this game so far is great and hoping they improve player matching.Game is very addictive.More color options please for the minitures."
76561198026999591,Not Recommended,556820,33189142,Posted: 3 July,all,Soljah,So far this is a deep hex strategy game but the grind is a little unsetteling.Pros- beautiful design. game components look amazing like true full detailed figurines- music is soothing and traditional- gameplay is engaging and fun- card/morale element is engaging and fun- color palettes for troops is awesomeCons- Looks like it will be P2W with the amount of troops to be bought (although right now is seems ok)- Grinding- small interface things like unable to cancel search after starting- rulebook needs more flesh. I didn't realise there are things that pop up on the battlefeild that I can PICK UP (which is awesome) until i was alreayd level 4So now I have 40+ hours. I still cannot access the arena (currently level 13) I have grinded for multiple hours to try get epics and only ever got 1 (my campaign one glitched) I am changing this review to a no because after 40 hours I still am not even 1/4 of the way to getting into the arena which is absolute crap.
,Recommended,556820,29413189,Posted: 21 January,all,Joriel,"Fun and good looking miniatures game, just use cards and numbers to overcome the dice rolls and youll have fun. NEVER trust the dice to save you just plan for bad rolls."
,Recommended,556820,35051350,Posted: 18 September,all,Darklinkspluszelda,"Have been playing non-stop since I got it earlier this week and I love it, while some parts of it are RNG based if you use the mechanics and play with patience and tatics the RNG will mess you up way less than people say it will. As with most dice roll games it does have the chance to screw you over but it also has a chance to do that to your enemy, and really there are so many ways to make it so no matter what, even in the worst case senerio you still win or do damage it just matters by degrees. All in all for its price I think its a wonderful game, the amount of thought and units in it are amazing and by no means is it pay to win(honestly I even wished I could pay for currency at some points because I was so impatient). Maybe if this was twice its cost I would be wary but as is its amazing and super fun."
76561197977153196,Recommended,556820,35053519,Posted: 18 September,all,Malec2b,"A fun and easy-to-learn miniature wargame.  Goes all the way with feeling like a tabletop miniatues game, including dice-rolls, cards, and booster packs.  The game is primarilly multiplayer focussed, but with games being pretty quick, it's not hard to just jump online and play a few matches.There are also single player campaigns which are a good way of getting the hang of the mechanics and strategies.  The one issue I have with the campaigns is that, after the tutorial, you have to buy them with the in-game currency, which means at the start you have to decide between having a single player mode or getting more units and cards to start out with.  Also, the game doesn't do a good job of communicating the difficulty of each campaign, and some are much harder than others.  While the game has a good tutorial for the tactical combat, it doesn't do a very good job of explaining how the interface works outside of battles.That being said, I've been having a lot of fun with this game, and there's a lot of interesting strategy involved both in the tactical combat, and in putting together your team and deck."
76561198050718663,Recommended,556820,28580746,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MaxGork,"Very tight and compelling skirmish game. Similar to Card Hunters but with more empathsis on the board state and less on the deck. Highly reccomend, and its still getting better!"
76561198039487354,Recommended,556820,35248762,Posted: 27 September,all,ctiger,"This is a great little gem of a game, with a great price. It's a mixure of chess, table top wargame & collectible card game. It's a turn based thinking man's game. If you're an RTS junkie, stay away. The game is primarily PvP so:BUYER BEWARE: If you are looking for PvE...Stay Away from this right now. The main PvE campaign is not present at this time. There are 3 mini PvE campaigns that can be purchased for in game gold(Ryo) only. The game has no cash, pay to win micro-transactions. However, these campaigns require a great deal of PvP grinding to unlock before you can even play them. So again, if you loathe PvP....stay away for now."
76561198060949602,Recommended,556820,32614594,Posted: 21 June,all,madmikmouse,"Looks a nice game. Unfortunately, having completed the brief but adequate tutorial you will not be allowed to play any further due to a bug.So the game only lasts about 30 minutes !!Hopeless.This bug is affecting quite a few players & has still not been fixed. Thus, i cannot recommend this.Avoid it until they sort it out.EDIT:Rapid response to the problem & all is  good now....Impressive.I think this game will have a huge following."
76561198119922938,Recommended,556820,33611270,Posted: 17 July,all,tomislav,"Excellent miniature game with great gameplay, great miniature boardgame feeling, fast and fun to play.Really enjoy playing it. And graphic is great.Bugs:- small and not smooth fonts on mac retina display- under the hand you see mouse pointer on mac (retina and non retina display)"
,Recommended,556820,28409221,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mel,"Note: This is early access. Remember that means you're buying software in development, not a game. There are bugs and other issues. The devs are communicative and responsive and update consistently. has a few balance and matchmaking issues (plus a lack of any game mode besides random versus, right now, more coming very soon). I have little doubt they will improve.This is a *very* fun tabletop style miniatures skirmish. For those familiar, gameplay is very similar to Song of Blades and Heroes, Magic: Arena of the Planeswalkers (which was based on Heroscape), or a more chess-like simplified version of Warhammer. Video game comparisons: Pox Nora, Combat Monsters, Banner Saga (ish).Very dice/Rng based, so if that bothers you, turn away now. Better strategy is key, but dice can still push the game either direction."
76561198112027835,Recommended,556820,30810755,Posted: 29 March,all,wsbenway,"One of the best value-for-money deals one can get on Steam. With no extra in-game purchases this game offers many entertaining hours of play. Developers are very active, adding content and balancing the game constantly. Single player is going to be enhanced with several campaigns that are already a work in progress. In fact a part of the main campaign offering a cool reward is already in place.A game that can be approached by casual players as well as hardcore strategy players. If -like me- you are not so much into multiplayer take note that at the moment more than 70-80% of battles are against the AI so in a way one can choose how to level up a warband (against the AI or against other players). There are also groups that can make life easier if one wants to search for players of the same level to play against.For an early access title the game is very stable. A solid engine without bugs and crashes is always a huge plus for EA titles.Artwork is really impressive, the soundtrack is good and i really can't find something bad to write about for a game that costs so little and offers so much!10/10"
,Not Recommended,556820,33444417,Posted: 10 July,all,yoshi_1981,"I like the idea of this game, I think the design is great and the gameplay is well thought out, but as much as I want to like the game as a whole, the mechanics simply make this game no fun to play at all.I have just spent well over an hour, trying to win a battle with 4 units against 10, where entire turns were spent not winning a single dice roll despite 3 of my units being stronger than 8 out of the enemy's 10 (meaning you get more dice to roll than the opponent), several times won dice rolls were ignored by the AI with them not taking any damage, despite hits being scored (dice result being shown, hit animation and sound being played), and enemy attacks being blocked not resulting in counterattacks by my units, despite attacks from the same enemy units blocked by my same units in previous turns having resulted in counterattacks.This kind of skewed playing out of the SP scenario simply destroys the fun that a game is supposed to be. Being a challange is one thing, this is frustrating, if nothing else.I don't know whether the issues I have encountered are caused by bugs, or by the fact that the game is Early Access (still in development), or whether the game simply doesn't make the mechanics obvious enough to understand why certain things are happening in the way they are, but with the game being the way I am experiencing it right now, I would strongly recommend not purchasing the game right now. Wait until the Early Access period is over and the game has actually finished development, then wait a little longer to have some reviews coming in of the retail version, and hope for those issues being fixed. Otherwise, you'd be better off investing your money in other games."
76561198065308104,Recommended,556820,34984646,Posted: 15 September,all,100percentBEAST,Fun little game. At first my dual katana ronin was crushing teams of three all by itself lol. Was pretty hysterical but as people learned how to sorround him to lower his morale I had to put him away to go with quantity over quality. So some strategy is at play here unlike many other figurine games.There is not really too much to this game. It is just a fun little gem for under ten dollars. Something that many of you will be happy to hear though is that even though you get cards by a booster pack system there are zero microtransactions.
76561198099241466,Recommended,556820,29579237,Posted: 29 January,all,Mrsleazy2easy,"I love it! Tabletop Samurai's with cards to augment attacks and add tactical options, For the 7$ i spent, I'm super happy and really excited for more content to be added."
76561197967930327,Recommended,556820,28483801,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,manowarx,Awesome game! Need more players.
76561198105384235,Recommended,556820,29883334,Posted: 12 February,all,xlivetocompete,"So now about 10 hours into the game and my opinion hasn't changed at all. Really well worth the money to just pick up this game. I will be honest here though, there's a massive issue for me with the stalling turns. I understand the idea behind it, but it's a little tedious and players will abuse the mechanic later in the game when it's more competitive. I really like the small warband fighting and the idea of having some all out wars later in the game are really appealing. The campaign isn't finished yet, but there's something to play for players only looking for the single player element of the game, as I realise it's frustrating for some in a competitive environment and nobody likes losing 10 games in a row to overpowered warbands in the skirmish. I wish there was more co-op elements into the game, 2v2 would be an awesome game mode and would increase the value of the game immensely as it can be enjoyed with others. I will be re-visiting this review after 50-100 hours of gameplay and have a solid idea for the game."
76561198019436693,Recommended,556820,30142721,Posted: 24 February,all,fatpeso,"I like this game a lot. If you have ever played a miniature wargame and enjoyed it - this game is for you.But be warned, this means, that this game comes with more randomness than your typical strategy game.Damage is determined with dice rolls. You get new ability cards and units in boosters - and what you get is random as well.EDIT: After playing a lot more I have to add the following: As of march 2017 playing against human players may not be fun at all. You will see alot of games in which your opponent will skip turns endlessly and is not willing to make a move. You, the player stall still wants to play a friggin game, eventually will have to make a disadvantageous move... Humans are no fun."
76561197986346918,Recommended,556820,28456337,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SilentSword,Fantastic miniature game! Easy to learn but difficult to master! Waiting for more!
76561198024618820,Recommended,556820,29074334,Posted: 6 January,all,Garret Green,"I cannot but recommend this game to any fan of wargames or turn based strategy games.Pros:-Samurais, ronins, ashigarus and bandits. Plenty of units in the game and more to come-Simple to start, hard to master-Easy to acquire a reasonable ammount on miniatures and cards-Random enought to keep you focused, allowing you to comeback or to lose a won game-Experience gained for yourself and your units is based on the outcome of the battle-Fast matches, around 5 to 10 minutes-You can paint your miniatures-Pleasant graphics and soundtrack-Community discord server with helpful people-Active developers-You get a balanced matchup within 20 seconds-Single player campaign to unlock some good units, only tutorial and chapter one at this momentCons:-When the matchmaking doesn't find a suitable match you get paired with a bot, this fights can be pretty easy"
76561198007852324,Recommended,556820,29753026,Posted: 6 February,all,britt2326,"Very good early access game. It starts slow but with more character slots and cards game becomes best figure dicerolling game Ive come across for the limited content it has. I would give more maps top priority. The unlucky dice rolls will put you off at first but you soon realize they balance out in most games. The strategic use of cards is probably the most important aspect of game because they can make a huge difference. Do you use them early to get an advantage or wait till important battles later in game. Very impressed and expect with more maps,figures and balancing this will be a go to game for me."
76561198010405907,Recommended,556820,30129702,Posted: 23 February,all,teekay15,"Still in Early Access and i have 40 hours logged, loving it and its getting better every patch (which is about once a week). The rng can be a bit tough sometimes, getting their ronin hitting for 4 dice against your 4 and they hit all 4 and your get 4 misses and disappear can make you punch something. For all its flaws its in EA though and its hard to argue with 40 hours...."
76561198050357608,Not Recommended,556820,29909713,Posted: 13 February,all,🅸🆂🅷🅼🅰🅴🅻,"Don't know why but the click on the mini figure feels sluggish, sometimes I have to click several times for it to work, sometimes it doesn't work at all."
,Recommended,556820,33314570,Posted: 6 July,all,Dario954,"Awesome game! Singleplayer is a bit tough sometimes.Multiplayer works great to, no ping problems what so ever,you also finde a lot of players. Though I hope for a 2vs2 or3vs3 Online PvP Mode instead of only 1vs1"
76561198401209147,Recommended,556820,33414665,Posted: 9 July,all,Ilgeor,"Lovely tabletop game set in feudal Japan, but spanish localization is almost an insult for spanish speakers. It's even difficult to understand things properly. I've switched to english in order to understand everything better, and to try not to get so angry too."
76561198012919534,Recommended,556820,34333844,Posted: 18 August,all,Mordovorot,"The game is still in Early Access, but has a huge potential. It is updated pretty regularly and is becoming better and better with each update be it a new content update or balance tweaking. It is fun to play even in this stage of development, especially if you are into turn-based hexagonal tactical strategy genre."
76561198037222915,Recommended,556820,30308353,Posted: 3 March,all,doodledidit,This game has some real promise but when i tried to use the filter in the unit menu my pieces just dissappered and i couldn't undo the filter afterwards. However the gameplay was excellent to me and the units themselves are awsome to look at. If some of the bugs are fixed and the terrain has more impact on gameplay the i would totally try this game agian.
,Recommended,556820,31413113,Posted: 28 April,all,pavig,"Still in development but worth a look if you like xcom style (turn based tactics) play or enjoy Blood Bowl. This really feels like a tabletop miniatures game experience, right up to visiting the shop and buying/cracking booster packs and stuff. Elevated above a lot of the competition by its narrow, sharp focus on the tabletop experience and matching art style. Plays fast. Grinding through the same boardgame battle over and over isn't for everyone, but if you like that kind of thing you'll find this refreshingly well designed."
,Recommended,556820,28803777,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RSW2002,"If you like board games, you'll love this. Beautifully done 2D tabletop-turned-digital gem that is worth every Cent of its low price. (and more)"
76561198084832265,Recommended,556820,28639138,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Guarana,"I'm Playing the Game for a Week now and I love it.You can grow your Warband with your level and you get more and more Units and Orders to play.Is a really good mix of Tabletop tatctics, choosing the right Orders for your Deck and a bit of Luck with rolling the Dice.The Artwork is great and for Early Access is it well done.I'm looking forward to the Content what is comming in future.The developers are updating the Game regular and listen to the Players.Thats a BIG + for me."
76561197970445756,Recommended,556820,35056076,Posted: 18 September,all,Gendo,"Fun and addictive mix of mini and card game.  Lots of great gameplay, tacticcal and turn-based.Needs chat.Needs team games (larger than 2)Needs more variety, music, mapsMaybe heroes?A bit heavy on the grind for a game with such little variety.Despite all these shortcomings, an awesome game and well worth the money."
76561198018507666,Recommended,556820,34346333,Posted: 19 August,all,Apostate78,"This is a really great game, well worth checking out. It may still be in development, but it's already quite polished."
,Recommended,556820,34349429,Posted: 19 August,all,ipapotihus,"This game is great.A fun miniature game.Easy to play, hard to master.My only downside is the Flow when you build your warband. It's hard to compare unit and to read info about their ability. Each time I click on one to open its info, I remove or add it to my warbands. Also the scrolling his ''lock''. If you want to compare two unit on different page, good luck, its a pain.That beiing said, I will probably play for 40-80h if no new content is release. (since I have 1k+++ game, you can say it's not often I spend that much time on a game)Think of if at card hunter, with no narrative (at least not in skirmish). The setting is different and magic is called morale. No monster and no loot.No microtransaction for now, hope it will stay this way.The firsts couple of battle can be hard."
76561198006756264,Recommended,556820,34982761,Posted: 15 September,all,Edgewalker,"Perfect mix of a boardgame and collectible card game with miniatures, cards, leveling units, crafting, customising warbands and deck building. Elegant mechanics, intuitive UI, great music, eye-candy graphics and runs well on a toaster. Loaded with content: dynamic pvp, single-player campaigns, skirmishes, arenas, you name it...As you probably figured by far I felt in love with this marvel of a game."
,Not Recommended,556820,33355690,Posted: 7 July,all,Grave,"I am going to come back to this game I think, but so far I've played the first campaign and struggled with it. Sure, I may not be very good at the game but even when I start trying to lay down some decent tactics the thing that always, and I mean ALWAYS, screws me over are the dice. I can never seem to get any dice rolls to go my way. 5 dice against 3 and my guys are still getting chunks of health knocked off them. The fights involving 4 or 5 guys against 2 just mean that my guys get surrounded and end up with even less dice. The only way I've won any of the fights has been pure luck. The cards help, but only by giving you more dice and if you're not rolling the right results, you're just getting slaughtered.On top of that, I can't say the game is balanced very well. I mean, I'm getting hit by multiple guys that are the same toughness and armour as one of my guys (the other guy is worse and normally dies fairly quickly). I mean, how are you meant to win if not by luck?One way to do it is to constantly spam 'On Guard', because it gives you an extra dice for defence and there doesn't seem to be any disadvantage from constantly defending. Maybe I'm missing something but giving the defender the same amount of dice as when they're attacking just means that every attack is the same, no matter what side you're on.Let me put my amateur game designer hat on instead and consider that it might be better to give the defender a dice penalty, so that it's harder to counter everything and 'On Guard' just gives you a better defence, not an advantage over attackers.The main thing to take away from this review, if you've read this far, is that the game has promise but you're completely at the mercy of random numbers. There's elements of skill and tactics here, but ultimately it falls over because of unreliable damage and poor balance. I'm sure the PvP in an even fight is much more fun, but the campaign so far has just left me feeling a bit deflated."
,Recommended,556820,31374188,Posted: 26 April,all,Jovanis,"I am not familiar with card games, so i am gonna judge this game individualy.+ Graphics: Friendly and remind me Shogun2: Total War+ Depth: Especially in high levels, Combines cards, strategy and positioning+ It is not time consuming: Playing daily 5-10 games, you can collect all the rewards- Poor tutorialThe beauty of this game is that you can win even when you are losing the game if you play all the cards correctly"
76561198003261022,Recommended,556820,29303257,Posted: 16 January,all,micky,"I got pretty much bored very quick by the games I bought during the last months, but this is absolutly wonderful. A pearl."
76561198130360660,Recommended,556820,28696775,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,moshpitsamurai,a very nice strategy game.  do not let it's simplicity fool you. as your warriors level and new powers and abilities are unlocked you'll find new dynamics as you progress. that little 1 point spearman i have that unlocked its special ability is now a mainstay in one of my builds. an easy to learn hard to master game. building your warband and deck of cards to create synergies is the real heart of the game.
76561197995656540,Recommended,556820,28744210,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Billybigspuds,"This early access tabletop battle game gives you the illusion of buying a box of random models or cards from a shop then using them on a nice board, all in all very enjoyable so far."
,Recommended,556820,29026533,Posted: 4 January,all,[NUBs] Jagonchen,"Love it (so far), why? Because it is a great tabletop conversion to digital, fast paced,  cards, dice.."
76561198018641651,Recommended,556820,28861823,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,H2OWally,"This game is a surprising find at a very low cost. As with many things in life it involves a little bit of thought/planning but then in execution a bit of luck. There have been several times when my clear advantage has suddenly turned against me due to random luck, but that's what makes the game so much fun. If you're a table top gamer I'd definitely recommend this game."
76561198039222800,Recommended,556820,29885128,Posted: 12 February,all,kingts,"Ok lets get to it. Warband Bushido combines a few games in one, A board game, fun tactical exchanges, turn based miniture and tcg, has a story driven campaign and yes daily rewards and multiplayer fun. It has some good solid Pros and some cons that I think are incomplete. If you love fuedal Japan, the old style hero clix minis, and Dynasty and Final Fantasy Tactics then this one maybe right up your alley. Here are my pros and cons.PROSA: So far love the over all look to it. It has a great animated board game feel, very addicting, simple pretty manual and over all nice graphics. I can see this expanding into other legendary minitures w their licenses like Marvel, DC, Warhammer, even other types of mini types like Military WW figures and lands of wizardry if they wish.So I commend their effortB: Nice execution, fast and even in skirmish mode fun to do simple quick battles to earn gold to buy more packs and supplies. Outside the initial purchase of the game. I don't see you dealing any more funds for you to play. for me 4 bucks great bargai for early access. However, I can see them charging for DLC future campaigns.C: Very expandable into larger minitures like giants, dragons, massive chariot type weapons, riders and much more with future larger scale battles on various maps. 100's of figures now, many more down the line. Great potential. Now whether they do that is another conversation.D: Campaigns have their own characters and follow a direct storyline. I can see future campaigns easlily added down the line, for the cheap price, a great game to addE: The Isometric view is nicely handled, some customization features and will be multiple platforms.F: This is game that will grow as you go, so don't expect a massive full game. May take a year to get a really great over all presentation, but plenty to do now.CONSA; Again if your not a fan of roll die AI controlled games. Then may not be for you, but I didn't find it too annoying. Outcomes are easily adaptable and some neat combination with the cards.B: Maybe need a lot customization features, seems limited in aspects of color, style and character changes to looks is non-existant. It is also confusing that you cannot see enemy stats unless you click them upper left and that consumes time in skirmmish mode you don't have. Hopefully they add a hover features with the mouse or faster stat access. It is crying for a UI customization option to change icon size and other features hard on the eyes. They may add such features down the line.C: Should have more rp in your campaign choices and some consequences to failure and choices, however plays straight thru with I feel hurts the campaign experience. That being said, they may alter that with future added campaigns down the line. We will see.D: Not sure if its controller friendly, but not a major negative. I recommend the tutorial and looking over the manual, upper right before you waste hours not knowing what to do. Very simple.E: Game needs bigger scope, more animated sequences like character flash scenes to help draw the player more into the inpact of the game. Plays more attack animated. Cut scenes of the drama would have also helped in the campaign storyline. Game is itching for Manga animation sequences to be part of the story. Again maybe added down the line.F; Not sure if just collecting and battling is all a player wants to do. Like most TCG's after a time where you've fully collected everything. The game may lose its flavor to more collected experienced players. ""Ok have everything now what"" sort of mentality. That too maybe addressed as they expand.OVERALL: Listen for the 4 dollars it cost me for this game. I have seen much less and its great for young kids. Yes it is early access so its not complete. No blood, gore, animation is clean. Simple fun board game with nice turn base tactics. You can watch the few VIDEOS in the discussion section of the game, but if your not foreign, just mute and watch and it should give you a nice feel for the game. Make make an english video to post.Though my review is incomplete because of the incomplete game. I would recommend adding Warbands Bushido and more to come on a sales price like I got it and a nice start and addition. I look forward for more development of the game. My score 3.3 out of 5 stars. so far, but that can change upon completion."
76561198030915033,Recommended,556820,29904186,Posted: 13 February,all,Vingaard Hoc,"Great game, great fun. Tactical, at first a little less but once you increase your warband and start having longer fights it gets really tactical. RNG based but still fun."
,Recommended,556820,30221513,Posted: 27 February,all,Idle,"Like> Brilliant mechanic and tactics.> Nice graphics.> Rather balance.> Order Card (ability card) systems made dynamics of games extremely.Dislike> Unlock character by coin or powder (for crafting legendary character)> Skirmish need to encounter with Human player(offline may not able to play)> Frequent disconnect issueEquivocal> Item spawn during skirmish may altered game play but seldom or rarely to able to have chance to use.Suggestion- Item utilization outside battle in campaign mode,eg. XP scrolls, temporary item - increased toughness- Character from Nether realm, Undead unit with proper ability might add another mechanic of game  (but may change concept of game or not...)- In battle add few trap tiles might added value to push ability.Edit on Mar 19, 2017"
76561198089402095,Recommended,556820,29257413,Posted: 14 January,all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"Good game where skill helps.Helps I say, because there is randomness involved. Some reviews I read before picking up this game warned of it being totally down to RNG, wich I think is not true. I plan my fights beforehand, choose who to bring, and set up my deck accordingly, and once in a fight, I execute my plan. RNG can wreck your day for sure, but if the game is played well you'll win more than not.If you intend to just rush forward, match your units against your opponents on an as equal basis as possible, well then yes, RNG will probably decide the outcome of the fight.If you plan proper though, you'll not only be able to encounter opponents outnumbered, you'll also due to positioning be able to reduce their potential damage output, effectively tying down a dangerous unit just by positioning.The combat RNG is made up of dice rolls, based on your units power. So if you have a 4-power unit fighting a 2-power unit, you will roll 4 dice (base) against 2 dice (base). This can be modified by playing cards or by skill, but to increase your chance you want to stack the odds in your favor, so whenever you're ahead in dice it's good. Another way to stack odds is by surrounding another unit, wich will reduce that units dice depending on how many units you surround it with. A 4-power unit can then be attacked by a 3-power unit with a 3-1 advantage in the weaker units favor.That said, there's still a few occaisions when the RNG really works you over to the extent where it feels you're bent over and just recieving it. That swings both ways though, so there's been a few fights where I totally messed up, and then RNGesus cometh and makes a beliver out of me.In the game there's also skill cards, and you bring a set and four are drawn for your fight. Different units also have specific skill cards that will be available during their turn.At the start of each fight you get 4 of your picked cards drawn, but you decide your side deck, and at the start of the game you can discard cards drawn for a new draw before the fight starts.To sum it up, for me this game is like chess, with RNG. You can plan and get an advantage and mostly win if you do it properly, but nothing is ever certain though. But for the price (€6.99 when I picked it up) I do think I've had my moneys worth, and it's quite interesting being part of the Early Access as well.I want to raise a small flag of warning though. The game does not support micro-transactions, anything bought in-game like card and figures (units) are bought with in-game currency that you get from completing daily missions or when levelling up. Those come further and further between though, so for me now it's kind of sparse with coins. That said I belive there's a risk/chance/possibility/whatevvayoucallit that when this game goes live, coins will be purchasable with cash. That might give P2W-players and edge.Overall, a good game, and well spent money in my opinion."
76561197970480692,Recommended,556820,28779467,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Harkonis,"Easy to understand, plenty to do.  I really like what I see so far.  Can't wait to see it develop further."
76561198031855213,Recommended,556820,29847934,Posted: 11 February,all,DontrescueIFcamped,I'm having a blast with these 10-15 minutes PVP skirmishes ! The game worth its price already ; can't wait to gain acces to the complete content.
76561198122742945,Recommended,556820,30200781,Posted: 26 February,all,Lord Malice,"As a new player of only a few hours I simply have to say that this game is awesom, its simple to pick up and play and I find the combat rewarding even tho i have only reached lv9 so far. i recomend this as a game to play between your blockbuster titles. 8/10A pro: simple and easy to understand.Con: could do with more unique units or some sortof custamisable PCA pro: you dont feel like you are out of your depth from lvel to level."
,Recommended,556820,28840359,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Wxursa,"Game still has some EA bugs as of 12/29, but looks like it has real potential to be an interesting, quick strategy game.  They just need to tighten up control and tutorials some.Game is fun"
76561198074634166,Recommended,556820,29799004,Posted: 9 February,all,Arclite,"It still has some bugs, like screen textures that dissapear, ""new round"" signals that remain in the middle of the screeen (even after the battle is finished) and sometimes the ""delay turn"" button doesn't work properly.But the game looks quite good and I will keep it!"
76561198015218907,Recommended,556820,29882789,Posted: 12 February,all,PentaX,So much tactics
76561198029704499,Recommended,556820,30954445,Posted: 4 April,all,tora75,"Good for an EA game. It's fun for what it currently is (although, I wish there was a little more variety with the mechanics). The price is too low in my opinion. I hope this game picks up steam so that development continues. The art assets, music, and interface are impressive. It's definitely worth picking up on the cheap.Update after 10 hours:No bugs in my 10 hours of experience so far. Multiplayer finds an opponent reasonably fast. Characters and cards continue to be balanced, but I honestly haven't noticed any huge balance issues.I can see where people are upset about RNG, but this exists in every game where chance is a core element. At times RNG-esus frowns on me, even when I've executed a sound strategy, but I now win more than I lose.I think this game is deceptively simple. It sometimes feels like you know what you're doing but it really takes time to master all of the simple concepts.Devs are active and responsive to feedback. Couldn't really ask for anything more.The campaign is being worked on with more to come. So, don't buy this with solo play in mind just yet. The multiplayer is a painless, dare I say, fun experience. The characters, cards, upgrade system, and rewards are fun in my opinion. Right now, I'm only at level 7 with most of my upgrades going towards my first warband. 4 v 4 seems to be an optimal number where you can get a few quick matches in over a short period of time. But you can eventually work your way up to 8 V 8 warband battles. Will be interested to see how long those battles take.You could do much worse for 6 bucks."
76561198010063919,Recommended,556820,34761015,Posted: 5 September,all,Spizio,"A very fun game, combines miniatures fights with card game, and also the collectible side of both!You start with a small warband of four miniatures and you level it up by playing skirmishes with other players always matched up to your rank. If no player is found you will be fighting a AI bot. You get rewards by leveling up your warband which includes game money (used to purchase miniatures and cards), new colors or crafting points that allow you to craft miniatures and cards on your own.Additionally, single player campaigns are also available!The game itself is very enjoyable, the fights are balanced and reward for tactical thinking. Graphics are lovely as well as animations, sounds gets the job done in putting you in a ""japanes"" mood!Overall, I highly recommend this game although in early access there's plenty of content to play with!"
76561198030997698,Recommended,556820,30574090,Posted: 17 March,all,khalid.nass,thank you for this game
76561198069824060,Recommended,556820,30359699,Posted: 6 March,all,TargusTargus,"I highly reccomend this game. The devolopers put forth a really solid table-top style game, and are adding new content constantly. In the time I have owned this game in early access, they've added new features, artwork, and provided several excellent fixes to balance gameplay. Even when I'm burnt out from it, this game is still worth logging into often to see what new content has been added. The devolopers have stated their comitment to keeping the base-price low and the content play-to-win. Building and perfecting your collection of cards and models is a lot of fun. If this game tanks (somehow), I still have gotten more than my money's worth in entertainment. Don't be hesitant because of the Early Access status, this game is wonderful and only keeps improving!!Recieved a Ronin model that doesn't follow my orders from a booster pack bought with victory. 12/10"
76561198131242891,Recommended,556820,30231503,Posted: 27 February,all,RelicOfNumenor,"This game is really good, I bought it with some credit left over in my steam wallet from buying another game and proceeded to play this game for a week before even launching the other game. Is suitable for casual players and hardcore users, great strategy, excellent art style."
76561198209434037,Recommended,556820,33181671,Posted: 3 July,all,mcross75,A very enjoyable grind! I played it for 7 hours this weekend!
,Recommended,556820,31146181,Posted: 14 April,all,SpitBag,"(Tactics Addict) The game is pretty sweet. The strategy is often overshadowed by die rolls but 'random factors' have always plagued tactics games. I have a love/hate relationship with die rolls.Art is definitely the best part of this game, man the maps are perfect. I don't even have to mention how cool the 'figs' look. I really hope they set up some way to purchase the minis or maybe just release 3d printer friendly specs.The 5.99 for a Free to Play style game is the only real nut punch. You won't mind it after you play the game though or look at their website and see the scope they want to take the series. So it is more of a playful nut punch from a friend rather than a  crippling strike from an ex after finding out you boned her friend."
76561198002540828,Recommended,556820,31556027,Posted: 5 May,all,Quasi Z,"From top to bottom they've done a brilliant job with this game. Warbands: Bushido is an absolute must play for fans of turn based tactics.Every aspect of the game is gloriously polished, and despite being early access, it is impressively stable. The strategy and tactics are compelling and well balanced. The intense and exciting nature of play reminds me of classics like Battle Brothers and Blood Bowl."
76561197966679128,Recommended,556820,28102037,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Speirs101st,"I've been following this game since it was on Kickstarter. A few of us got to help them test out the Beta version. I love this game and if you are a fan of table top tactics dice throwing games you will like it too! Easy to learn, but hard to master and for a very modest price! Highly Recommended!!!"
76561198322415051,Recommended,556820,34520425,Posted: 26 August,all,顾小哥,"This is a good, but it doesnt have Chinese. Therefore, i dont understand most of cards in this games, could you add chinese plz ? It will be helpful for Chinese who bought this game,"
76561198030728795,Not Recommended,556820,33003144,Posted: 29 June,all,shin.satsuma,"While it looks pretty, and I love the genre, the mechanics are terrible.  Units suffer no penalties for being attacked by any number of other units, leading to only the biggest units making any difference.  The interface is pretty, but non-responsive, making playing cards problematic.  The bulk of the game appears to be oriented towards PvP with other people's warbands in a p2w, ccg-like collect powerful miniatures and cards for your warband style.  The lack of meaningful tactical mechanics makes the battle's themselves lackluster dice rolling contests.  Very disappointing.  Not worth playing, imo."
,Not Recommended,556820,35000007,Posted: 16 September,all,✪ Noc,"I don't generally write reviews on games, but this one had a really interesting concept. After quickly completing the tutorial, I spent the next hour or so playing skirmishes with varying teams. The games are very short, so I got about 15 in before I decided this game was a waste of time.If you have the patience to actually grind your way to getting a pack of minis, you'll find that you've received nothing but garbage. If you're skirmishing over and over like I did, you'll probably win 10% of the matches you play. This is due to the worst RNG system I've ever seen. Stacking skills to ensure you have 4 dice on one attack only to miss all of them (Almost every time you attempt it) is ridiculous. The game isn't fun, and doesn't reward you for your effort or creativity.I'd be willing to wait out the game's release considering it's current state, but right now, for me at least, I consider it unplayable."
76561197981121103,Recommended,556820,28467266,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mogsey,"Needs work, but is showing promise."
76561197988821472,Recommended,556820,31276251,Posted: 21 April,all,Groule,"This game is not yet finished and after 100+ games, I can already give a positive evaluation.Pros:+ cheap (6 €)+ Not a pay-to-win (for now ?)+ Fast games (4-10 min) (FINALLY such a game happened !)...+ ... Without losing strategic interest+ Cards & units diversity+ Absolutely NOT a luck game (since you dig a bit further into the game, it becomes obvious)+ Nice developmentCons:- Maybe a 2v2 mode should be great- Too few players online, the desert..."
76561198094671770,Recommended,556820,28412335,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dante,"Bought the game a few days ago, and have already played 9.3 hours.  Really enjoying the mixed strategy of miniatures and cards.Can’t wait for the solo campaign."
,Recommended,556820,28129621,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,FieserMoep,Neat little game.For those that like some TCG mechanics mixed with thier X-Com and Banner Saga this might be a nice pick.
,Recommended,556820,28278478,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Khorneholio,"This game is a hidden gem of potential.  Make no mistake, there's a lot of work yet to do.  However, that's partly what impresses me so much.  What's already here is surprisingly polished and well put together.  There are a lot of concepts which could be better or more thoroughly explained, but if you're familiar with strategy games you'll likely find much of them to be familiar.Overall, for the current asking price of $7, this game is a no-brainer.  If you like turn based tactics I heartily recommend it."
76561198022803738,Recommended,556820,28891593,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tytalus,Good wee turn based online skirmisher... fun at the moment and still in EA.
76561198020583478,Recommended,556820,28136564,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hamsome,"Glad that I discovered this fantastic game! Really love this beautiful artistic game. While playing through the battles, I really felt that I am inside a beautiful Japanese paintings. Can't wait for more exciting contents to be released!!! Oh yes, this game is already so well-made at the EARLY ACCESS stage. Can't wait to play the STORY MODES also known as SCENARIOS."
76561198067666082,Recommended,556820,29989696,Posted: 17 February,all,Shadowhawck,"Really Fun game, can't wait for the full version."
,Recommended,556820,29395573,Posted: 21 January,all,TeMaTo,"This game is simply amazing. I've read some negative comments on here complaining about the dice rolling. Let me tell you, if your an actual table top gamer, you know how dice sometimes goes in your favor, sometimes its agaisnt you the WHOLE time. Its just the way the dice are! Please ignore those negative comments if your a TRUE table top gamer.This game is hearthstone on a WHOLE different level. Way better imo.1.) I love miniatures2.) I LOVE dice3.) Card playing is a bonusThis game has everything I look for in a table top game, if this game was an actual tabletop game, id buy it as well lol.Even though this game is in beta, it feels like a complete game already. What makes this game very unique is that the miniatures level up! As they level up, they get more movement, HP, even passive abilities.  Its super addicting and its NOT a pay to win game (hopefully it stays this way!).Since this has alot of dice rolling, even if you play someone whos higher lvl on their miniatures, you still have a chance to win(if you play smart ofcourse!).Worth every penny.If your a table top gamer who loves Arcadia Quest, Hero Quest, Arena of the Planeswalkers, or Risk. Im pretty sure, you will love this game!"
,Recommended,556820,28976270,Posted: 3 January,all,Sproink?!,"A tasty, little boardgame-like number.Really good for a quick skirmish."
76561198058855508,Recommended,556820,29912634,Posted: 13 February,all,knegrum,"Playing real tabletop-games for 25 years now, this comes very close in feel and excitement.Getting some good rolls makes you smile, bad one ... curse.The different models have some nice specials, allowing for different tactics and strategies.Deck building is not that important (or effective with good luck), since you can't play any card you want if you don't have enough 'valor'.The presentation is very good, I like the graphics and the overall gameplay.Campaigns (one is about half finished, 2 more are planned) are a bit short for now, but since it's early access, I expect more to come.There is a training mode where you can play AI warbands to try out new strategies.The PVP part is fun, but sometimes you loose due to bad luck (or opponent's good luck), or encountering new opponent types with unknown strengths and weaknesses.So I'd say it's easy to play, but hard to master.My thumbs up, give it a try. It's worth the little bucks, and it's on sale now."
,Recommended,556820,30214438,Posted: 26 February,all,Phlegm,"Beautiful game with a bright future. Very quick (5-10 minutes) and relaxed games. Easy ""grind"" if you can call it that. It is the best multiplayer imitation of the ""tabletop minis"" game experience that I've come across yet."
76561198149198659,Recommended,556820,29580488,Posted: 29 January,all,Battle_Rooster,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW - Multiplayer is functional but no campaign available yet beyond the short tutorial. Matchmaking works well and I haven't had to wait more than a few seconds to find a match, so people are definitely playing.This game is pretty cool. It's got some solid tabletop style skirmish battle mechanics. It's well balanced and the combat cards add in a unique level of strategy beyond just understanding your squad composition and how they function on the battlefield.If I had one recommendation for improvement, it would be that getting coins shouldn't be tied strictly to victories, daily quests, random drops at player level, or trading in cards/miniatures you don't want. That encourages either a minimalist approach to miniature or card acquisition or hours upon hours of grinding since the players out there are decent and you need 3 victories just to get 10 coins... More ways of acquiring coin or simply buffing the coin amounts received should be addressed (and I do NOT mean microtransactions, those do not exist in game at this time and frankly I'd stop playing if they got added in).But overall it's a solid game. Looking forward to the campaigns coming out!"
76561198016663970,Recommended,556820,29975006,Posted: 16 February,all,Arcturus Asriv,"So far, a really nice looking heroclix-type units strategy game with 'collectible' miniatures.There is some RNG as every attack is resolved by dice. However, you still have a great deal of sway over the rolls by using cards, positioning your units and making strategic choices during a skirmish.And your opponent is bound by the same restraints, which makes the RNG more fair and balanced.The matches can be very short and remind me in a way of the old Bushido Blade game on Playstation, as the 'mortality' of each unit is more realistic.The game also has a very nice aesthetic, with beautiful art and music.So far, I'm liking it."
76561197977592570,Recommended,556820,28996045,Posted: 3 January,all,Kolbex,"Good little game, easy to drop in for a battle or two. They have begun to add single player content, if that interests you. Hope to see you in game!"
,Recommended,556820,29095814,Posted: 7 January,all,b33f3r,"warbands: bushido is a fun turn-based miniatures combat game. while not perfect, it is absolutely worth buying. there are no microtransactions and i hope it stays that way.playing consists of selecting the units for your warband and the cards for your deck, then pitting them against other players in skirmishes. both you and your gain honor (experience) and level up. you grow the size and strength of your warband and your units gain skills and abilities as well as increase their stats.there is also a single player campaign. as of writing the first scenario is unfinished, but still incudes about ten battles.winning matches and completing quests in skirmishes rewards the player with coins to buy new packs of cards and minatures, and later more scenarios for the singleplayer campaign.i am of the opinion that dice rolls play too significant a role in determining the outcome of matches, but not so great that strategy, unit choice, movement decisions, manipulating turn order, and other tactical decisions, are rendered irrelevant. a skilled player will win a vast majority of the time against an unskilled player, all other things being equal. this game is no less skill-based as dnd or other games like x-com.if you are a fan of tactical turn based combat and minatures, then you owe it to yourself to try this game.the art of this game is another way it really shines. the entire experience from menus, board pieces, and minis is cohesive and polished.on the games website, icons for android and ios are present, so it looks like there will be mobile versions made as well. if accounts are maintained across platfroms then playing on your phone while out and about will be another great feature.other features being added like crafting, more units, and other game modes mean the future of this game is bright.even though it is early access, the game in its current state is worth the money right now."
76561197978918464,Recommended,556820,29151333,Posted: 9 January,all,ludek,It only need more content. Now is solid 8/10.
76561198066476544,Recommended,556820,29411328,Posted: 21 January,all,Everend Dracmarr,"I love it. This is fun, but now I want the real cards and miniatures. Starts out pretty shallow, but wow this is getting deep. MUST NOT BUY MORE CARDS....MUST RESIST!!!"
76561197970541793,Recommended,556820,34426574,Posted: 22 August,all,LoveAlotBear,"I mean, it's not a bad game.. but the battles get REALLY repedetive.I think this is due to the lack of diversity in troops and abilities.Right now, my entire game has just been winning with archer / stall tactics. I'm honestly not sure why I keep playing this, as it isn't challenging or that fun.But.. art style is nice, and it doesn't crash. At $5, it is fine for what it is. Although it does feel like a smartphone microtransaction game."
76561198026850733,Recommended,556820,30972155,Posted: 5 April,all,Jaberwok,"Great game, I can't wait to see how it changes with future updates and balance patches. Super excited to play and watch it develop past early access."
76561198070693934,Recommended,556820,34092601,Posted: 7 August,all,Tzar,nice game keep the content coming
76561198023931342,Recommended,556820,34096169,Posted: 7 August,all,rocksteady,"great game, i love turn based games and i also enjoy games like hearthstone . This is the best of both worlds!!!"
76561198090931245,Recommended,556820,34728872,Posted: 3 September,all,alaaji,It can get a bit repetitive which is the case when you are dealing with leveling up a character.  I do enjoy it though.  Each multplayer battle may take 5 minutes or so.  The single player campaign is decent.  It was worth the $5 that I spent on it.
76561198017107268,Recommended,556820,34511921,Posted: 26 August,all,小狼,The more you play it the more you love it!
76561197978736619,Recommended,556820,34979077,Posted: 15 September,all,anderssi,"You really need to play more than a couple of hours to see this 1v1 PvP gem sparkle. After 20 hours you'll likely have a large and experienced enough warband to see tactics and positioning become dominant over simple exchange of blows and dice-rolling. In other words, the game is not RNG heavy.While gaining early levels, you'll be pitted against near equal human or AI opponents, a skirmish match taking around 5-15 minutes. The battles have a timer to keep players from stalling with analysis paralysis. After reaching level 25 (40 hours game time maybe), it's mostly fully leveled 8-man warbands that clash, and skirmishes take usually 15-25 minutes, depending on players' aggressiveness and the potentially staggering skill difference. The AI still needs a bit work, but all fights against humans tend to be exciting.Basically you just need to use a right mix of units (30+ available) and their abilities, positioning tactics, and order cards on different maps and against diverse opponents. It's a fun ride to get skilled and get killed by the veteran players with a better eye for the game. Your units only gain skills through skirmishes against AI or other players, and even when you lose a fight, it's no big deal, as your units still gain some experience, and you as a player gain insight to the game dynamics as well. The feeling of progress is encouraging as your player level and your units' levels increase along with your actual skill as a player. Experience requirements for unit levels have just been reduced again, making it much less grindy than before.Three single-player campaigns are ready with cool units as completion rewards, but don't expect to breeze through the campaigns with a fresh level 1 warband. A 4-man arena ranking mode is available for nerve-wrecking quick fights between experienced players. No microtransactions available, so no pay-to-win or pay-to-save-time. You gain in-game currency through quests like ""kill 10 enemies"" or ""gain 20 morale"", and use the coins to buy random units and order cards. Crafting units is a good way to get exactly the kind of warband you want.I have not played any similar PvP games, so can't really compare. Managed to sink 200 hours in 6 months, and the game under development has been steadily improved and expanded. If the medieval Japanese setting or quick turn-based tabletop PvP action tickles, this probably is a game for you. Fully recommended."
,Recommended,556820,34849908,Posted: 9 September,all,Kot Didak,"Good value for money - a great game to play at an airport or so. Graphics are neat, units well-balanced, maybe a player-base under lvl 20 is a bit lacking."
76561198107322630,Not Recommended,556820,35197007,Posted: 24 September,all,Azzo,Really wanted to enjoy this game but unfortunately it's just so buggy and even when you finish the tutorial campaign it I can't even grab the rewards it just still says incompleted when I have clearly done it..... and often at the start it'll crash or times when during a scenario it'll just have the loading logo and it'll just not load.....can't recommend this at all it just feels very rushed plus there's so many bots and hackers out there I don't think many people will be enjoying this game unless they fix it ASAP....thumbs down on this one!
76561197984479839,Recommended,556820,34984314,Posted: 15 September,all,icarium_jag,Excellent tactical wargame with RPG elements.
,Recommended,556820,28174577,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Jackal'D,"I wasn't too sure about this purchase to begin with. On first impressions, the game seems quite basic, with not a lot to do. But, as soon as I joined an online session the game opened up. Be wary of early access, but I haven't come across anything negative. At £4.99 for a decent strategy game, you can't really go wrong. 8/10"
76561198046420456,Recommended,556820,30783249,Posted: 27 March,all,Blood-Gallant,"That's only an opinion, not a deep critique; What we got here is an unique kind of game; you gotta love it! I quickly became addicted... ^^ The gameplay is really awesome! The soundtracks and graphics are fine enought. Well, I can't wait to see the solo campaing; only hope that's for soon."
,Recommended,556820,31143258,Posted: 14 April,all,relaxeddave,This is an excellent table top miniatures games simulation.Constantly improving and for the price it is an absolute steal.
76561197975030744,Recommended,556820,34992246,Posted: 16 September,all,Malatesta,promising but very unfair by now you roll dice and lost everytime. I think is better not to play it by now and wait for future updates. Very promising
,Recommended,556820,29771384,Posted: 7 February,all,Fergas,Tabletop slash boardgame fun. Music is great and the look and feel of the game is good to.Good job devs.
,Recommended,556820,28694482,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Toyzkie,"Still too early to say but this game looks promising.  The only problem I have is they release the game without a single single-player campaign on it.  All it has right now is 1v1 skirmish and that's a problem for me only but I know some of likes it (just like me for other games).  The thing is, you buy this game and there's nothing much for you to do to learn the game aside from the 3-part tutorial.  This game needs more advertising, the queue for skirmish takes a while.  Need more players.  I'd still recommend this game though.  I just hope the campaigns will be released for free and not that you have to buy each time.  This is not a negative review and as I've said, I'd still recommend this game as this looks promising.  Fluid gfx and promising gameplay.  There's just nothing much to do on this early access yet."
76561198054576246,Recommended,556820,30005789,Posted: 18 February,all,Prithee,Basically a finished product.  And it's only just $5!
76561198064812814,Recommended,556820,30663633,Posted: 21 March,all,Spookie Kabookie,decent game dice rolls need a lot of work though had a high point cost gold unit and it hardly ever hits even without any penalties but everyone i play seems to always get hits on my units so please focus on new units and dice roll probability
76561198017857644,Recommended,556820,30750476,Posted: 26 March,all,Martin,WOW.  Awsome and adictive game!  Really worth while supporting this Early Access.  Bet fun you can have with 8 bucks.
76561198208334221,Recommended,556820,32192738,Posted: 4 June,all,Hioto,am i just relly bad at ths game or is second level SUPER hard thouge its really fun buy it
76561198081079458,Recommended,556820,28907794,Posted: 1 January,all,NoobSlayer,"""I agree with someone who said this game is a bit too much gambling than strategy. That totally beats the purpose of strategy. According to my experience (Lv10), characters with ranged attack have lower chances for successful attacks. The game would have been more predictable if the probabilities for successful attacks were provided for each type of characters.The concepts of SLG+card trading+unlockable skills are cool. However, there is a lack of diversity in maps and skills (e.g. crowd-controls). The most important thing is: this game is full of bugs at current state. I recommend you to come back in a month and see if there are any updates, then decide if you still want to buy it.""I just reached Lv 20, and I would recommend this game now. The developers are very responsive and keen on fixing bugs. New maps were created."
76561198006650728,Recommended,556820,28268039,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sten,Very nice and fun tactics game with fast combat using dice based mechanics. And when it gets single player scenarios (currently under development) it'll become even better.
76561197970806046,Recommended,556820,28211405,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Damoxian,For the amount paid I've had a great deal of fun playing this little tactics game.  I can't wait to see it fill out more as time goes on with more unit variety and map layouts.  Very active developer comments on the boards and a new roadmap show a lot of potential.  I hope people will invest in this becoming a great game.
,Recommended,556820,28196593,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Positive,Make this game storyline line as long as possible!
,Recommended,556820,29207658,Posted: 12 January,all,Drunken Toad,"Great game but the die rolling probability is terrible, needs ALOT of  work. Senarios in which a what should be easy win turn into a loss from being screwed over on the ""random"" die rolls."
,Not Recommended,556820,29889795,Posted: 12 February,all,Mandalorian,"Turns out that the single player campaign isn't available yet, so just be aware of that. Otherwise, it seems fun. I'm not recommending it because my only intrest was in the single player. I'll be returning it for now, but I might pick it up again if the campaign gets finished."
76561197981100906,Not Recommended,556820,35001908,Posted: 16 September,all,scadragon,Ho hum. fight lose fight lose fight lose. won ONE battle due to opponent disconnectingfight lose fight lose some more. unable to progress. spent points to buy a scenario that it turned out  that i cant play cause i need 12 WP. Would have been nice to know that I should have bought an army pack firstkeep seeing melee opponent that kills my troops in 1 shot or an archer that does the same from 12 hexes away.I cannot recommend this game
76561198067444375,Recommended,556820,31784408,Posted: 16 May,all,Dirty Vanguard,Its Great
76561198012448583,Recommended,556820,28112885,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Champloo,This is the turn base game ive been waiting for keep rolling out features. i love it
76561198021727345,Recommended,556820,28107375,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lord Vader,"Love the concept, art etc. but still has a long way to go. In this early access state not sure if I should recommend it but I have faith. Nothing to do except practice and skirmish online. No campaign yet, no scenarios. In skirmish, crashed a couple of times, a few bugs and couldn't go back or exit the battle. Leveling your warband took me at least 10 battles cause it put me against higher level opponents. Either too few players online or matchmaking still needs work. Finds opponents quickly though. All in all for 7 dollars and some work could become a nice little game."
,Not Recommended,556820,28227347,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DakotaThrice,Whilst the game seems like it will ultimately be just what I was looking for I can't reccomend it in it's curretn state which is effectively multiplayer only. The single player mode at present consists of a three stage tutorial.As such I've requested a refund but will reconsider the game once it has been updated and recieved more content.
76561198012231272,Not Recommended,556820,28875654,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jadedalien,"I would like to preface this by saying that, other than my gripe below, I think this is a very solid game with great potential.  With that being said, I just now made level 6, had my game bug out to where I couldn't use a card properly, reported the game and forfeited...only to have the game give me NEGATIVE exp and dump me back down to level 5.  Unhh uhh, I stopped liking that crap back in my Everquest days and I'm NOT going to put up with it in what I was hoping was going to be a nice time killing type grinding game.  Unless they STOP allowing you to get negative exp for losses I can NOT recommend this game to anyone sane.This might seem like a nit pick to some but it TOTALLY ruins the game for me and I'm VERY disappointed by this because I was looking forward to enjoying this game but, for me, this just sucks all of the life out of it.  Uggh!  Will change my review and give a thumbs up once they remove this crap.  PLEASE remove this.  Thanks."
,Not Recommended,556820,28857540,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CrazyIvanTR,"In its current state, this game cannot be called a strategy game. There's just too much luck involved and it doesn't matter what your strategy is because at the end of the day, just one guy with a pitchfork can win against your three samurai. If you're thinking of buying this because it looks like it could be a cool tactics/strategy mix, then don't. This is a gambling game with figures at most...Also, it looks and feels like a mobile game. Maybe it will do better on mobile than it will on PC."
,Not Recommended,556820,28867426,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,IceWolf,"Its not about your decisions, what units you field, or even what cards you have.  All that matters is your luck.  You can make every right decision and still lose.  Thats not fun."
76561198035397599,Not Recommended,556820,30068338,Posted: 20 February,all,Calador,"Nice and easy to get into tabletop skirmish game at first. But becomes boring and repetetive (only 3-4 maps yet) grind fast. Too much luck involved, not only in dice rolling and card drawing (which is expected) but you need to get new miniatures and cards from random boosters (no cash shop at least). There are rarities from common to legendary, where the last is the most powerfull of course. But wait... You need to level and grind those miniatures XP in battles to get their full potential. If you play against AI they mostly rush forward and you beat them (with some luck) easily. As soon as you play against human opponents (which are not many) the stalling game begins. Usually resulting in everyone waiting for the other to make a move out of cover.Cant recommend in its current state."
76561198273092970,Not Recommended,556820,32794066,Posted: 25 June,all,alanttn,"The upside of this game is we are able to get different cards(units) to fight different type of battles. Just that you need to earn to buy the cards. There are variety of battles, campaign, skirmish, PvP.The downside of this game, hardly we can win a battle, There is no logic behind, the battles are all depend by the dice, even if you have a great card you can easily get killed by a peasant. During the battle, more than 80% of the chances I will not able to hit the enemy if I initiate the attack whether it is a normal or special attack. The dice(luck) dictates the outcome of your battle. I have to play numerous time to win a battle.In my opinion, the idea of this game is very attractive and give us the freedom to gather our own warband, It will better if the dice is not part of the gameplay. At this point of time, I certainly will not recommend to friends,"
76561198100181091,Not Recommended,556820,28300945,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Musashi,"Great game, but I disconnect 50% of the games and developers don't seem to have a form in the game to report errors.  Super frustrating, but the game itself is incredible"
76561197983301475,Recommended,556820,28380190,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RabidUrko,Great turn based miniatures ancient Japanese combat game mixed with card deck tactics.Ace artwork.
76561198033567984,Recommended,556820,31424697,Posted: 28 April,all,Layonit,Love It....Love It.....Love It.......brings us more content for me to love it more.....and its not even finished yet.....LOVEIT
76561198358757187,Not Recommended,556820,35021999,Posted: 17 September,all,Kane McDragon,Played it for less than an hour but could not find the tactics in this game if you attack or are attacked you role the dice on the char even if surounded or attacked from behind al the same. So char with lot of dice wins or RNG must be on your side alot. The cards might add more tactics but the grind for gold to get cards is not fun at al and you don't feel any progression what so ever.It would be a great pay to win game if you could buy the boosters and or gold. Great for the developer that is.It's still in early acces might get better but for now i would not recomend it.
76561197973540456,Not Recommended,556820,29542520,Posted: 28 January,all,Mirell,"Interesting combination of tabeltop, tradingcard game and dice game. unfortunately nether is working correctly.For a tabletop game you have not enough minitures so that positioning has a significant impact.For a  riskmanagemant game you dont have enough posibilities to increase your chances nor can you deceive so it won´t work as bluffing game.For a tradingcard game you have no consistent resourcemanagment making it imposible to fully plan your moves.In the end all tactical decision are reduces to a few Dice roles and thats no fun even if you  win."
76561198025652840,Not Recommended,556820,29756696,Posted: 6 February,all,Tokugawa Ieyasu,"Oh, if only this was more polished. While I fully expected to be playing an alpha game with Warbands: Bushido, the number of issues make it hardly any fun ay all. I don't think I had a sinle level (of the very short campaign) where one of my characters found themselves unable to act for a turn or an enemy did not taking any damage from one of my attacks (despite the dice clearly showing that I'd won the engagement).Talking of the dice, the amount of randomness is probably too high as well, with the cards of limited help when you can't seem to ever get any of the power needed to activate them.On the positive side, the game looks beautiful, and barring the occassional typo is well presented. The music and style is equally fantastic... it's the game play that lets it down. A shame really...BTW, I wrote this review while the game itself seems to be stuck in some sort of infinite loop... the loading sprial seemingly destined to whirl indefinitely.My recommendation, come back in six months and spends you cash on this game. Maybe then we'll understand how the ingame currency (used to purchase booster boxes of characters - for the multiplayer skirmishes I suppose) work/"
,Not Recommended,556820,30021409,Posted: 18 February,all,Alice®,"This game rewards old players. New players have ZERO access to the same equipments as old players. Multiplayer is a disaster. No reward for loosing the battle, what is the point even fight with new units against old players' veteran units? Unless you are suicidal enough to send your fresh grunts into the slaugter. Single player is not done and control is terrible in this game. Instruction for the game is rather passive and menu is hidding in the side bar requires an extra click. What a 5 H ! T game :(. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY FOLKS though me got it for free."
,Not Recommended,556820,34809422,Posted: 8 September,all,Mous3,"Game is incredibly irritating - it's 90% RNG based and because of such, in the 3 hours I've spent playing so far I havn't progressed at all save to finish the tutorial which leaves enough out to be wanting. The game itself is pretty neat - good graphics, okay animations, good idea. But to me it seems like the Developers took alot from Wartile of vise-versa, but yeah, I'm not fond of this game.If you don't like it in the first hour i'd suggest a refund, but for 8 bucks It's worth trying i guess. Just kinda half-heartedly play it now considering I still can't win a single damned campaign no matter what combination of soldiers I use because I always get screwed when anything is left to chance. (Literally 4/5 rolls is BAD for me - the ENTIRE time I've played)"
76561197966721701,Not Recommended,556820,29455956,Posted: 23 January,all,Father Ribs,"I bought it for the art style, and hoping for an rpg-lite with a bit of strategy that I can play for 20 minutes here and there.  I haven't put in enough time to make a valid in depth review, but I have played enough to say this much:This is really an ipad/iphone style game that happens to be on PC.  There are lots of microtransactions, though at the moment it appears to not allow you to pay cash for the interum transaction units.  The scenarios have that ""we spent five seconds typing words"" feeling of many iphone games, and while it is in English, localization has that charmingly awkward-almost-embarassingly-so mangled grammer that I would overlook in games that have other merits, but annoy me nonetheless.I'll amend this review as I spend more time with the game, but right now I'd say ""you get what you pay for"", and if you like  the unique look coupled with heroclix type games, this is for you.  If you want deeper strategy, there are many other games that I could reccomend at twice the price, but ten times the (extrapolated) enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,556820,32317081,Posted: 10 June,all,Tartrazine,Very RNG heavy and grindy. Full review later.
,Not Recommended,556820,28460773,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Bulletbait,"Needs a lot of work. Only $7 but that's a bit misleading, as this should really be a free to play game (you buy packs and stuff to get 'miniatures'). In about 10 games, I had two that just locked up and forced me to quit the game and take a loss. There's not really any single player to speak of yet, just 1v1 multiplayer. The matchmaking is pretty bad at lower levels, too, which is a big problem given that you both gain and lose what amounts to experience points. If you hit a string of buggy games or get mismatched against clearly higher level players when you're low level, you run the risk of literally going backwards. The tutorial is also very lacking and some of the early 'daily quests' that are intended to nudge you along come with no explanation (ie. ""change the color of a warband"" -- with no explanation on how to do that -- I figured out that there's some paint cups next to your minis that you can click on)."
76561198057574680,Not Recommended,556820,29289758,Posted: 15 January,all,cerberus0000,same thing over and over. no replayablity or stradegy. the worst thing about it is that the dice rolls kill this game. this game is left up to random chance.
,Not Recommended,556820,32828585,Posted: 26 June,all,Obc,"I got suckered in by the beautiful artwork, the rest of the game, not so beautiful."
76561198062269113,Not Recommended,556820,34982924,Posted: 15 September,all,ModerateToSeverePlaquePsoriasis,"Game white screens while loading and I can't play. The devs are pointing the finger at the unity team for blame and are, ""awaiting response"" from the unity team to address the issue. Game is literally un-playable for me and many others."
76561198013800069,Not Recommended,556820,34595245,Posted: 29 August,all,Yako,Its the most stupid game ive ever played. all you are gonna see is player with 9 wp playing at 5 wp with 2 freaking badass caracters that can kill new player
,Not Recommended,556820,29156284,Posted: 9 January,all,Argyll,"The artwork is nice. But if I were you, I wouldn't let the artwork deceive you. The insufficiency in the core gameplay will reveal itself within the first battles with this game.The game seems to put emphasis on strategy. But where is the strategy? A unit walks up another for a pure dice roll. The result of the exchange of slashes is based on RNG and nothing else.I can only play Campaign so far because there is not enough players in queue for PvP. I wonder if PvP will be any better. But even with PvP, I imagine the game being down to a series of dice roll. If I were to look for a game of dice rolls, I wouldn't be spending 8 bucks here.The purchases fels rip-off and half an hour into the game I am already bored."
76561198030937403,Not Recommended,556820,31873156,Posted: 20 May,all,lhjchenoweth,"Opportunity  attacks, immunity to missiles, and gunpowder? Is there a even playing field in this game, I'm either up against ""Space Marines"" (immune to any and all attacks, even ones to their flank) or unarmored archers who can walk through a hail of arrows at close range and never take a hit. The assumption that you are turning your back on your opponent as you redeploy, is ludicris, and forces you to stay in hand-to-hand when facing one of these strangely magical, mythical entities. i've played this game 8+ hours and have yet had more than 2 ""fair Fights"". Arquebusers are fine, they did exist, but if your going to face them against Daikyu, then the range is about equal and accuracy on a bow is much better. Reflect the accuracy of the weapons. Rate of fire on an gunpowder weapon in context would allow them to fire every 3 rounds of combat at the very least, and not at all if locked in melee. They depended on numbers to be effective, not accuracy."
76561198043789635,Not Recommended,556820,29182073,Posted: 11 January,all,The Last Of The Giant Apes,The core combat mechanic of both combatants trowing dice equal to their combat value and the higher roll doing damage feels to random and unrewarding.
76561198059689738,Not Recommended,556820,31408071,Posted: 27 April,all,ksyh05,"3 vs 3 skirmish fightmy guys kill 2 of oppenet guysit's 3:1 - victory was surei put all my moral point to boost my best guyhe attacked but blockedoppenent guy counterattacked and my guy diedand my other guys? somehow diedlosed the game10/10 best RNG game ever+ i know this is EA gamebut RNG fest, short single play, bugs, crashsand wierd honor system is kinda... annoyingplz fix this"
76561198057706414,Not Recommended,556820,30340981,Posted: 5 March,all,Gauntman,"Looks very beautiful, graphics are nice. BUT: as long as this is a dice-only-game with such an enormous amount of luck/randomness involved, I can't recommend it.Hopefully there is gonna be some balancing about this..."
76561197983622462,Not Recommended,556820,29403874,Posted: 21 January,all,Mid-Western Witch Hunt,this is probably one of the worst games that i have ever played. it is nothing like the videos of it. the RNG will make the cpu enemy win 10/10 rolls. like i cannot stress enough how absolutely frustrating and terrible this game actually is. i got it for 7 bucks and feel TOTALLY RIPPED OFF! this game is worse than 'genital jousting' which is a nonsense steam game that costs like 49 cents... and that terrible game is still 100 times better than this one.
76561198386114237,Not Recommended,556820,34523779,Posted: 27 August,all,cook3jjc,no skill involved. random dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥based on luck.
76561198026716879,Not Recommended,556820,30403280,Posted: 8 March,all,HyperTeng,"i think it is still in development and there is a huge issues with balancing. A game dependent on luck and even though you play stategically, you will still lose.A nice game but dont pay money to buy now when it is still buggy and unbalanced."
,Not Recommended,556820,33936888,Posted: 31 July,all,Sanctus-Susanin,> TAKE STRONGEST UNIT VS WEAKEST ENEMY> HAVE 6 DICES VS HIS 1> ROLL 6 X's VS HIS FLAG> !?> PROFIT!0 hits out 10
76561198060814023,Not Recommended,556820,34439795,Posted: 23 August,all,HAILAK,The fact that this game cost me £3.35 and I still felt the need to refund it should tell you all you need to know.
76561197962946527,Not Recommended,556820,32091027,Posted: 31 May,all,SDC Robert Locksley,"First campaign battle. ""Hyoshi is worth a dozen of you"". Gets killed first hit by a single peasant bandit, followed by two Samurai failing to damage anyone then being killed by a single peasant bandit. Grow up."
76561198034777908,Not Recommended,556820,28100266,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Vaelyndor,"Loading crash and index bugs fixed, game is playable now.  Still have issues with the english grammar, can't tell if they are intentionally that way or just poor translations."
76561198007703317,Not Recommended,556820,31439267,Posted: 29 April,all,Mikhail Borkaleyev,"Did not like it. I finished tutorial and then went to singleplayer campaign, but didnt like it."
76561197989126497,Not Recommended,556820,31497833,Posted: 1 May,all,Kabaktadi,i refunded this thing. it says miniature game but they are lazy to make animations and it says there is dice but nobody knows what dice does and there is cards but they are irrelevant so i cant say this is a game so i said i refunded this thing.
,Not Recommended,556820,28641464,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,VOODOOCH1LD,"Is a great game, has a lot of potential. Not worth the $6 though and should be free to play."
76561198038546766,Not Recommended,556820,29452602,Posted: 23 January,all,Bladelun,Don't do it save your money your welcome
76561198023044555,Not Recommended,556820,31863647,Posted: 20 May,all,Athaloc,"At the moment this isn't a game. It's just a very expensive loading screen. Change that and I'll change my review. Don't ask me to fix firewall settings. I'm a customer, I shouldn't need to do anything. Fix your product."
,Recommended,556820,34981946,Posted: 15 September,all,Corrosion,"It's a ton of fun when you get a fair match with people not hacking. I've waited for a game like this for years.I love the game and have played over a dozen like it including on actual tabletops but...Full of bugs, incomplete game with no default campaign, very disappointing. Minimalistic.I've played several tabletop games like this such as Ronin, LOTR, Black Ops, Warfighter, etc and this is fun, but it's just not balanced at all, and full of so many bugs you wouldn't believe it.I've crashed over 15 times in my play time.There are hackers who will buff their morale to use special abilities every single turn, increase their warband size, give themselves the best units, etc.It's fun but damn it's rough around the edges."
76561198040026353,Not Recommended,556820,31392268,Posted: 27 April,all,Agante77,i feels so sad to buy this game :C i wish i never buy it.
