user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,558420,32707459,Posted: 23 June,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Published by Devolver Digital and developed by No Code, Stories Untold is a collection of four short tales that comes with a retro theme based out of the 1980's. Everything from the music to the objects that you interact with have a genuine 80's aesthetic to them that just can't be shaken, and this ambience enhances the mood of the episodes, which are filled with horror and sci-fi elements.As revealing any portion of the story would be to unveil the master craftsmanship behind the entire plot, let's leave it to be said that this is a title that you should experience for yourself. During episode one, ""The House Abandon"", you find yourself in front of an oldschool TV, complete with retro keyboard, playing a text adventure. It all starts out normal enough, but events soon take a macabre twist. Each of the four episodes have different settings and atmosphere, giving them a new and fresh feel during your first time playing through them. Most of the gameplay is made up of easy-to-solve puzzles, or instructions that are as simple to follow, especially during the second and third chapters.The gameplay does leave much to be desired, though some players who find solving any puzzle a challenging task my find themselves more enthralled by Stories Untold. Rather than relying on jumpscares or frightening enemies, the real horror here comes from the unknown and the unseen. The first three episodes are excellent, but the fourth and final entry where everything comes together is ultimately what causes this title to fall apart; some may even refer to it as a cop-out ending to the anthology. It would've been best to leave the player guessing, and the horrors unrelated.For its hour and a half of longevity, Stories Untold is a fairly sturdy and substantial horror game. It's not all text-based adventure, as some may think given some reviews and a good chunk of the first trailer, but the title would benefit from more of this type of gameplay. There's little to no replay value, so once it's finished it will just sit in your library for the upcoming aeons. However, if you enjoy yourself a good dose of chilling 80's inspired sci-fi horror, you will thoroughly enjoy the small amount of time that you get out of it.Rating:4.0/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,558420,30228261,Posted: 27 February,all,Kernee,"A great mix of new and nostalgia!No Code expands on it's free game 'House Abandon', a text based adventure game they released in October 2016, with three more facinating stories. The game is split into 4 parts, the first being 'House Abandon', so if you're unsure whether you'll like this game I'd check that out here:https://jonnocode.itch.io/the-house-abandonI was curious to see if No Code could expand on the text adventure format with Stories Untold, and after beating the game I can safetly say they exceeded my high expectations. It took me around 3 hours to beat the game, but I will probably need to go back through some of the chapters to find some of the hidden achievements. Gameplay is a mix of text adventure, and puzzle solving using interactive pieces of the environment. The environments themselves look fantastic, and remind me of Alien: Isolation's low-fi look, which makes sense considering some of the developers at No Code worked on A:I.Overall if you played 'House Abandon' and enjoyed it, I highly recommend Stories Untold. For $10 it's definitely worth the price.*Note: I should warn, and the game itself also warns, that there are sections of the game where the light flashing gets pretty intense. Anyone with sensitivity to such things might want to take that into consideration before picking this up."
,Not Recommended,558420,31069671,Posted: 10 April,all,Chudah,"Writing this review pains me greatly.  There was so much within this little collection of stories that I adored, and yet it managed to squash all of my expectations in one fell swoop.  Stories Untold started off beautifully, a shining example of horror, suspense and mystery. Richly atmospheric and gloriously immersive, I was convinced this would be my new favorite indie horror; and through three chapters it was, but then it plummets off a cliff with its ham-fisted finale which completely soured everything that preceded it.  There was promise, SUCH promise, but all of it wiped away by an overly dramatic narrative that fits perfectly as a cheesy after school special.  I don't think that's what they were going for, but the irony is not lost on me.  I cannot remember the last time I have been this let down by a story -- it truly breaks my heart.Despite my disappointment with the overarching storyline, ""The House Abandon"" is a phenomenal piece of interactive horror that stands well enough on it's own.  A true homage to the 1980s text adventures, the chapter places the player in a Twilight Zone-like situation with a narrative that plays out in a verymetaway.  It's creepy fun and definitely worth its few jump scares. This masterpiece of horror is followed by ""The Lab Conduct,"" in which the player takes on the role of a lab technician as he is directed through a series of experiments on an unknown object.  The story goes from ominous to weird to all-out sci-fi crazy at the end, but it never loses any of its nostalgic charm.  Chapter 3, ""The Station Process,"" takes place on an arctic research station with a The Thing-ish atmosphere.  Although it's not as exciting as the previous stories, it's the most challenging in a very ""Please Don't Touch Anything""-type of way.  Towards the end of the chapter, the gameplay breaks into ""adventure mode"" and has you wandering around in the snow performing simple tasks while the voice overs become more and more ambiguous. Unfortunately, this is were things begin going downhill.And then the wheels come completely off with ""The Last Session.""  I can't help but think that the devs were so proud at how cleverly they wove together the story in the 3 previous pieces of fiction that they felt compelled to bash you over the head with exactly how everything played out through their heavy-handed exposition, mostly to ensure you understood just how deep and amazing the game is.  Nothing is left to the imagination or interpretation. Everything that happens in chapters 1-3 is explained away, draining all of the mystery and suspense from what could have been an interesting collage of stories that hinted at something bigger than each individually.  What's worse, the groan-worthy plot twist makes the excellent build up feel hollow and contrived.  Playing through The House Abandon knowing exactly what each detail refers to makes me sick with the realization that these things are SO much less than they could have been.  So much less.Devastated is the only word I can use to describe how I'm feeling right now.  Experiencing the entirety of Stories Untold is like watching a loved-one kill himself in an idiotic and completely avoidable accident.  It tears me up to look back on the game now given how much I enjoyed the first three-fourths of it.  If only I could erase the final chapter from my mind, perhaps I can return to enjoying the others as a sort of vague horror compilation.  Maybe....maybe?  Nope, it's not working.  Feeling sick to my stomach again."
76561197983082568,Recommended,558420,34451241,Posted: 23 August,all,Blue64,"Stories Untold on PC / SteamScore 10/10Four stinging chapters, one intense story, and a partridge in a pear tree. [/song]‘I did not see that coming’ I said to myself followed by ‘All right, now this is going to get really good’, and I was only halfway through the first chapter. What begins as a powerful WTF moment in an SF experience in chapter one (echoes of ‘Inception’ the movie) evolves into an intense reality check by chapter four. Caveat Emptor: All will the find the last chapter emotionally unnerving. Embrace the experience.Story: Am I a hostage in a CIA experiment? Is this a dream or Area51? A dream within a dream? or is my mind failing? What am I hiding? Have you ever been the passenger? I have.Game mechanics: Text adventure style (imo poor parsing compared to classic z-interpreter games), puzzles based on complex instructions, and some 3D thrown-in for the sake of variety. It comes together very nicely, perfect for my ADD.The playthrough is short @2 hrs and worth every penny if you need different. The only real negative that I can come up with is a significant part of this game uses 1/3 of the screen for text based entry and reply; if you are on a very small screen like 11 inches you might find this tough.Not certain if you still want this title? please read the following masterful review:http://steamcommunity.com/id/chudah/recommended/558420/10/10 Stories UntoldMy Scoring Method10 / exemplary execution of the genre with compelling innovation9 / exemplary execution of the genre don’t miss out, for fans of the genre and the curious alike8 / for well done not a must play, fans of the genre and newbs will be happy it is well done7 / for calibrated expectations only, fans of the genre would not miss out if they skipped this6 / only for serious fans of the genre for whom game play with bugs is acceptable5 / enough bugs to make me unhappyAugust 2017"
76561198253511863,Recommended,558420,32305135,Posted: 9 June,all,+Kreuzritter+,"Installed ""Stories Untold""Turned off lightsStarted game""So am i really playing a text-adventure now ?""""...hmmm...dont think i will play this for long....kinda boring...""{LINK REMOVED}""...WTF?!?!?NOW it gets interesting....""""DAMN! Cant believe I just got jump-scared from a friggin text-adventure.....besides that....i feel uncomfortable playing this game with lights off""Turned lights back onContinued playing this game with keeping in mind never to turn off lights again when playing it"
,Recommended,558420,30275406,Posted: 2 March,all,TITOMOSQUITO187,"Text adventure! Psychological horror! Losing your mind! Untold Stories brings 4 related stories to you that peel back the onion of the main character's mind in interesting and strange ways. You find yourself having to discover what happened to you. You are seeing nightmares at times where you can't tell if it is reality, or a subconscious nightmare. Is this really happening? Is this some sort of experiment on you? Have you discovered sci-fi beings that are there to help, or hurt you? Your mind goes through many scenarios in the four tales trying to figure out just what happened to you, and why your mind is doing this to you.Stories untold is predominantly a text adventure game where you enter commands to tell the game what your intentions are. There are parts of the 4 stories, however where you do interact with the mouse, and even sections where you walk in first person for most of the episode. This doens't mean that you do very little other than type. A couple of the stories contain some pretty interesting puzzles in them. Working in a lab using equipment to study something. Another has you working with a radio and deciphering codes with a manual. They are all logical and can be figured out, but they do make you think a little bit about how to finish the tasks, especially when you work with the radio. I found these puzzles fun to work with.I played this straight through in one sitting. It took me about 4 hours I would guess. I found the atmosphere to be excellent, with the music and sounds bringing a feeling of dread and fear at many points during the episodes. The episodes all work together in some way to tell one story about the main character. You puzzle it together fairly easily, and the ending isn't left open for interpretation. While I am not sure I am fond of the ending that much, the journey was good enough to make me think there was more at play than what the end result would come to.It is a bit of an experimental game, but it has no bugs I found, and everything is professionally done. Having much of the story told as text actually increased the tension for me rather than being able to see everything in front of me. So in that sense I liked the format quite a lot and would play more games like this. If you like to play weird adventure games, and especially things that try to play with your mind a little then I would definitely give it a go. I bought it at full price and am not disappointed with it so I would recommend it to most who are intrigued by the concept at that price point. If not...just wait for a sale and buy it at half off. ;)"
76561197966637320,Not Recommended,558420,30247481,Posted: 28 February,all,Darak,"This game is a cool throwback to old style text adventures, having a few short text adventures mixed some point and click scenes (which mostly are about solving number puzzles).Unfortunately, depending on your luck, you may find the game will be way too easy or extremely frustrating. The text adventure segments mimic a 80's Spectrum computer, but the game is very crude compared to actual text adventures from the Spectrum era. It knows nothing at all about synonyms, it understands none of the conventions of the genre (for movement, object inventory, or getting required information from your surroundings), and puzzles are not actual puzzles but a bunch of 'guess the word' block walls that usually rely on you remembering some detail about your surroundings that sometimes you won't be able to get again. Any 1983 text adventure from a real Spectrum completely destroys this game in both a technical and gameplay level, not to mention any of the modern quality interactive fiction you can play today.The point and click segments are not much better. The puzzles are uninteresting, and rely mostly on you trying to make sense of small, blurry print, or distorted voices saying something that resemble English numbers (there is a subtitles option, but it is useless, as it works only on flavor text). Hopefully you have English as your native language or a very good hearing.It is also an extremely short game that you'll finish in a single sitting, and a short one.There are some things the game does right, though. The story is great, and the way the four apparently undisconected stories are tied towards the end is a genius move. The graphics are really great, and the renditions of 80's equipment and computers is very, *very* realistic. I experienced a few graphical glitches, but the game worked fine most of the time.I find it really disappointing that the amount of love given to the presentation and the original idea didn't follow through to the implementation of the actual game elements. This could have been an amazing experience if the game had a proper text adventure engine and better puzzles. As it is, I can't really recommend it."
76561198067074481,Not Recommended,558420,34224491,Posted: 13 August,all,CaptainTholaf,"To preface, this IS a good game and I have to congratulate the team for trying something really interesting with this one, but after writing my thoughts down, I felt the need to change my recommendation. Here's why.I played the demo for Stories Untold a while ago, and was thrilled by the concept; a return to a classic text-adventure formula, enhanced by a few modern touches here and there made for a really unique horror experience. It's incredibly unnerving and engaging, especially in a genre currently bogged down with ""run around collecting keys and hiding behind boxes"" games (looking at you, Outlast). It's also certainly worth the asking price, even if just to support the concept itself, though I would recommend spacing out the episodes (of which there are only four total), so that you don't burn through the whole thing too quickly.Unfortunately, the game has a series of what I'd consider drawbacks, that after enjoying the demo so much, left me feeling more than a little dissapointed with the full experience. For starters, it doesn't look like much work was done to account for how the player might write certain commands; there were numerous occasions where I found myself fumbling  over trying to reword simple instructions, and being constantly met with the game telling me it didn't understand. Frustrating, but only a minor detractor, and arguably could up the tension for some people, if you've less of a temper than me.The 'puzzles' themselves can also be more of a chore than a challenge at times, and seem to mostly consist of reading instruction manuals and flipping switches rather than actually figuring anything out, so you don't necesarily feel accomplished in completing them. The main offender here is in Episode 3, which has you reading instructions from a microfilm; even when hitting the buttons to 'focus' the instructions, I couldn't make out what was written, and I'm not exactly visually impaired. Chapter 3 had a really interesting premise, in fact ALL the chapters do, but I spent most of it just feeling frustrated. This is again true in the long, slow walking segment in Chapter 3. It feels really forced, as if it's just there for padding. By that point in the chapter, you can already tell exactly what's about to happen, so it just leaves you waiting for the game to hurry up, or throw something more interesting at you that never comes.The overall plot is a mixed bag. I'll try to explain without spoiling things. The House Abandon (Chapter 1) is excellent, really creepy and full of intrigue; seriously, play the demo and I'm pretty sure you'll want to grab the full game, as I did. Unfortunately, I think that's really the best the game has to offer. The other chapters are far less interesting, and particularily dissapointing if you went in to them expecting a text-adventure like the demo, the full game simply isn't one for the most part. It just boils down to reading an instruction, and typing it in or pressing buttons; may as well be some sort of office job simulator at some points. The second episode is also a highlight though, in terms of story at least, and present you with a very different vibe to the first, and a very different scare. Even if the gameplay was poor, I was keen to keep going to see what happened next, and was interested to see how/if it all tied together.Sadly, it all falls apart in the third act. You get another different and alluring premise, but then the gamplay starts and, as I've mentioned, it's the worst of the lot. After a few moments the story of this episode becomes very predictable, and honestly I'd hesitate to even call it a story, since next to nothing happens. By the time the final episode rolls around and you're plonked into the obvious setting that appears at least once in seemingly every horror game, I only kept playing for completions sake, and in the knowledge it'd only take me about 30 minutes. You're given a very dreary resolution (with a few clever exceptions, such as where the title comes from), and some of the more interesting parts of the game end up feeling wasted. Bizarrely, they return to the usually quite liberating text-adventure gameplay for the final portion, which is perhaps the most on-rails portion of the game. I was left trying to find other things to explore, or take other options, but the game just keeps saying 'no' until you reluctantly agree to finish the story. I understand what they were going for here, but it doesn't really feel in-sync with the crux of the story, the 'big twist'. It'd be interesting to take away player agency here if the character themselves had no choice, but instead your character's just a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and now you have to be one too.I would however, really like to commend the devs on the visuals and sound design. They nail the claustrophobia of being trapped at a desk, and this is particularily evident in The House Abandon (without spoiling, there's some REALLY creepy environmental stuff for a game that mostly has you looking at a screen within your screen). The game clearly wears its Stranger Things influence on its sleeve, and more to its credit I'd say; the 80s vibe is incredibly stylish and the nostalgia for old games and horror movies only amplifies what The House Abandon already does so well. It's really a pity they basically throw it out the window after that. Whilst the rest of the game still looks nice, the visuals and sounds rarley ccompliment the gameplay they way they do in the first episode, and never to the same degree.Stories Untold should be rightfully applauded for trying some really cool new ideas in a genre in dire need of new blood. As a big horror fan, I really have to thank them for that, and really hope that they improve on what they've done here, because I really think it could lead to something very special. As it stands though, Stories Untold, feels more like an experiment, one that doesn't have it's kinks quite worked out, and from my view, includes some major mistakes that spoil the experience. ABSOLUTELY play the demo. Unfortunately though, it's all downhill from there."
,Recommended,558420,30229512,Posted: 27 February,all,[GAZArts],"So i'm 33 years old and a lot of my youth was spent playing / creating text adventure video games. When this was released i bought it thinking it was merely just an emulator / player for those kinda games. What you guys have created is outstanding. The moment the game starts you're filled with some good old fashioned 80's nostalgia. The audio and visuals are just ""ace"" and i even enjoyed the sound my keys make in game when pressed. PS: i about ***t my pants at the first ""surprise"" so Kudos!"
76561198149037095,Not Recommended,558420,33139085,Posted: 2 July,all,Vogelmeister,"A very clever experiment but not a very good game.There's great art direction on display, voice acting is believable and there are moments where all the different gameplay elements genuinely work together to create a chilling atmosphere and put the player right in the centre of it all.Unfortunately, none of those individual gamelay elements are done particularly well.Text adventure bits are very bad at recognizing commands.What little puzzles there are seem to be designed to test your patience rather than challenge your intelligence.1st person walking bits are weirdly clumsy and unresponsive.But I could overlook all of that if it wasn't for the story.First three parts are quite intriguing, each for its own reasons. But when the Big Reveal comes in part 4, it retroactively invalidates most of what you've done up to that point. Even if the plot itself is sort of legit, the fact that none of what you've been doing really matters leaves a bad aftertaste. It just doesn't feel like time well spent.I wish there was a ""middling"" review option available. I hate to give this game a thumbs down, but simultaneously I can only recommend it as an interesting experiment, not an experience worth having. Then again, it's not an expensive game and I definitely hope we'll see this particular style of adventure games evolve in the future."
,Recommended,558420,30917484,Posted: 3 April,all,Atarun,"DescriptionStories Untold is a mix of puzzle game and walking simulator and is more of an experience than a game. It is split into 4 episodes and even has a retro Stranger Things-style opening to reinforce the sensation of watching an old TV series. Graphics are intentionally grainy and things clearly take place in the 80s, from the references to the technology. The first three episodes seem completely disconnected at first (in atmosphere, location and even gameplay), but the fourth episode ties everything up.ProsImpeccable atmosphereGood variety of puzzles, none of which overstay their welcomeGood story (avoid spoilers)Puzzles are simple enough that you probably won't need a walkthrough to finish the gameConsControls can be frustrating at timesNear zero exploration (with unlockables only worth the related achievements)Near zero replayabilityGlitches in audio and graphics that are clearly intentional, but might nonetheless damage your experienceVerdictIf you like puzzle games and walking simulators, play this game. It will be right up your alley (though beware that it might feel a tad short for its full price tag, so maybe wait for a sale). Even if you could not care less about the 80s (the story told here is universal enough).If you only or chiefly care about gameplay in a game, you should stay away from this experience (and many others)."
,Recommended,558420,31567629,Posted: 5 May,all,MeatCat,"Amazing 'old style' horror.So glad to find a horror that doesn't rely on rubbish jumpscares and instead uses a combination of eerie music and unsettling sounds and sights to get your heart-rate up.Gutted there wasn't more episodes but I really enjoyed the style and puzzles within the game.I highly recommend playing alone, with headphones and in a dark room for full effect."
,Recommended,558420,32663745,Posted: 22 June,all,Syntax Terror,"This game was marketed as a retro text adventure but is so much more than that. Despite lasting only 2.5 hours, this game succeeds in where many, many, many other games fail: STORY! I found the story and its climax so rewarding but be warned that this is a mature story and may not suit a younger or simple minded audience."
76561198006290494,Recommended,558420,31741381,Posted: 14 May,all,dayron669,"From the first episode I was like, ""Okay this is kind of creepy."" It wasn't until the third episode that I felt the stories were really connecting. And they do ... very well. Being that I'm an avid player of MUDs (Multi-User Dungeons) and other text-based games, I found it easy to navigate those parts of the game. But the atmosphere created by those interactions is well beyond any MUD I've played. And though I wouldn't directly spoil anything ... during one part, typing ""Apologize"" over and over was truly eerie. I'm not even sure if it was just an optional tidbit, but either way, it felt right and it paid off.The whole game pays off. Worth the money for a short adventure into a game that is not what it seems."
,Recommended,558420,30299070,Posted: 3 March,all,ThatBrownFella,"This is a brilliant game that holds some great narrative, atmosphere and ideas. It's hard to explain without spoiling the experience, so I'll make these points.- Reviews shorter than 1hr are going to be useless; while a text adventure at its core, this is more evident in the first 30mins than after that since the first 30min is simply a remaster of the original game ""House of Abandon"".- It's about 4hrs - but that doesn't make it feel too short - though I wish there is much more to come, whether as a sequel or spiritual successor or something, as I really enjoyed it so much.- There are fantastic puzzles, surprises, twists and eerieness / creepy ideas over jump scares."
,Recommended,558420,30232045,Posted: 27 February,all,JESSEverything,"This game is a mix between oldschool text adventures and more modern point and click games.  There are a few well placed jumpscares (startling sounds more than anything, but they made me jump).  There are four levels, each with a different mix of mechanics.  Most of the puzzles are straight forward and intuitive, althought one of the puzzles drove me crazy for 10 minutes until I finally figured it out.  I never found myself bored, or wanting to quit. For $8.49 the game is on the high side of an acceptable price point (it's on sale, normally $10), but despite the episodes being fairly short, I still think I got my money's worth.If you're curious to see what the levels are like, check out my YouTube channel.  (Spoilers).https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uj2JvRmWazg"
,Recommended,558420,30419594,Posted: 9 March,all,Owen Wilson,"The GoodGreat ambiance, music, gameplay.This brought me back to the time where you needed a note sheet for codes or for later puzzles.You're always on edge while playing this. If you're a big fan of puzzles à la Resident Evil or just science-fiction/horror this is a must-get for you.The BadGraphics settings are either ""Beautiful"" or ""Fantastic"".There is little to no different to these two settings are I got a staggering 20 fps on the exploration parts of the game where youactually get up and move around in the game.I wish there would be better optimisation for those who don't have a current gen graphic card."
,Recommended,558420,34509060,Posted: 26 August,all,Steppenwolf,"Again a real little piece of art hidden in the geometrical growing pile of games here on Steam.The game consists of for short stories with a gameplay mix of 'text adventure' and 'use a manual to control a machine correctly'.Anything I would say about the story would result in a spoiler. The only hint I can give, is that this is a game that needs to play twice to get a full understanding of all connecting story parts.But even with a two time walkthrough this game is very short, so wait for a sale to grab it."
,Recommended,558420,32207292,Posted: 5 June,all,PyroTyger,"Just finished it. Short game, maybe a couple of hours.Excellent gameplay, yes. Amazingly directed experience, yes. Shake the ever-loving crap out of you, yeah, maybe.This game portrays (and maybe instills - your mileage may vary) the full gamut of horror in four short chapters - fear, terror, dread, and a creeping horror that culminates in the final chapter.This is a subtle and clever horror masterpiece that employs and explores all the keystones of horror to astonishing effect, and should be ""enjoyed"" with low light, headphones, an open mind, and maybe someone to talk to afterwards."
76561198031141181,Recommended,558420,33673601,Posted: 20 July,all,stekkos,"Starts playingWhat is this???Keeps playingIs there a story in this mess????Keeps playingWell thats cool but why am i doing this????Keeps playing........Aha, i think i figured it outKeeps playingNo i did not, WHAT IS HAPPENING????Keeps playingWHAAAAAA.....Keeps playingOMGFinishes gameThat was BRILLIANT!Keep playing too and you will see. Amazing way to tell a story."
,Recommended,558420,31912275,Posted: 22 May,all,WoundedKnee,"If you're into creepy games but are tired of dumb jumpscares, then try Stories Untold. The game connects really well, not too loose but still gives you time to think. 10/10"
,Recommended,558420,34363091,Posted: 19 August,all,Agent00Funk,"Is this game worth playing?Let's answer that with some more questions.Do you like X-files? Stranger Things? Twin Peaks?Do you like narrtive stories set in a retro aethetic with a paranormal twist?If you answered yes to most of those, then check this game out.It's fairly short, but I enjoyed every chapter of it and by the end was looking forward to seeing how they were all connected.Spend time trying to actually solve the puzzles, there are guides on the internet, but don't rely on them otherwise you will remove some of the game's tension."
76561198094382570,Recommended,558420,30249045,Posted: 28 February,all,Benderisgreat144,"Thought I was playing a love letter to Stranger Things/80's culture, turns out it was more of a Black Mirror kind of thing."
,Recommended,558420,32846916,Posted: 27 June,all,Vinyls_Scratch,"Stories Untold is a truly incredible experience that left me guessing on an absolute emotional rollercoaster up until the very end. Honestly I can't say anything more or I'll spoil the fun, but turn off all the lights and power through it. An absolutely incredible, wrenching experience.10/10, BRB currently telling everyone I know to play this game."
,Recommended,558420,30229912,Posted: 27 February,all,Liderian,"Stories Untoldis a short atmospheric game that mixes text adventures of old with more modern puzzle solving elements. It is split into four chapters that incorporate different scenes and devices for puzzle solving and form a greater coherent story arc. The game is set in the late 1980s, and just oozes atmosphere. The puzzles themselves start with classic text adventure elements (“go to house”, “open door”, etc.), but also include machines that have to be operated in a way that reminded me of the bomb defusion inKeep Talking And Nobody Explodes.The story itself seemed confusing and disjointed first, but the puzzle pieces fell into place during the story while the game gripped me throughout and came to a very satisfying conclusion. Due to the game's linearity, it probably won't merit more than one playthrough for the majority of players, but the game keeps its story going and its momentum flowing throughout. I finished the story in some three hours that were thoroughly enjoyable, and I will probably go back to hunt for some of the hidden secrets/achievements.All in all, I really enjoyed this piece of interactive fiction and am looking forward to whateverNo Codewill come up with next."
,Recommended,558420,30767149,Posted: 26 March,all,Furlop,"A fun ""text-adventure game brought to life"" is the best way to describe this game. It can be completed in one sitting, but it keeps you hooked throughout and leaves you thinking at the end.If you're looking for a story-based game with an unusual style and a few good twists, it's worth the money."
,Recommended,558420,30227206,Posted: 27 February,all,_lukester_,"Fantastic game, sets the atmoshpere brilliantly, well written and scares the hell out of you with the sounds and chilling feel of an unknown presence. Have played the first story and can't wait to play the rest. Brilliant job :D, Fantastic game"
,Recommended,558420,33288499,Posted: 5 July,all,moss_icon,"A remarkable and original piece of video gaming, never played anything quite like this. The eerie vibe is pulled off the whole way through, and it gets better and better as it goes along (impossible to go into this without spoilers mind you). The 80s retro feel is carried off with aplomb, and if you ever owned a ZX Spectrum it'll really have a whole extra level of nostalgia for you. Reasonable portions of the game take place in a text adventure throwback, be aware this is rather simplistic but my feeling is the devs are just trying to pull you along here to keep the pace up rather than let you engage in endless word combos to garner responses. Indeed the game as a whole is incredibly linear but as piece of story telling within the video gaming medium it is glorious. Chapter 4 was a downright creepy experience but without stupid jump scares - it's all in the story telling and psychology. You'll have to play it to see what I mean mind you.In summary - check this out if you want to see a video game do something you've probably not seen before."
76561197970720161,Recommended,558420,31870464,Posted: 20 May,all,Game_Dude,"Good adventure game spanning over 4 episodes, seemingly telling different stories. First episode is played like a text adventure, the following two are heavy on puzzle elements with sections of free walking in 3d. Last episode mixes all genres and wraps the story up. All in all an interesting and fresh experience, recommended for adventure players who don't mind a good puzzle here and there."
,Recommended,558420,30236102,Posted: 28 February,all,Navi [Dying Spree],It's the text based game I never knew I always wanted.
76561198001966843,Recommended,558420,30259199,Posted: 1 March,all,Lord Rawash,"This is the Stranger Things of video games.+ An intriguing story+ Good music, and very good sounds+ A nice atmosphere, changing with each episode+ It's a love letter to 80's videogames and tv shows (NOT like an actual game of that era, just a trip down nostalgia lane)- Just a tiny bit repetitive- Some scarce moments when walking around are not as captivating as the rest of the game- Sadly, just as good as it is short (finished in 2,6 hours)Never heard of this game before. Bought it to try out. Couldn't let go."
,Recommended,558420,32007602,Posted: 27 May,all,Jasyla,"Very enjoyable surreal horror game. It definitely has that throwback 80s vibe like Stranger things. The game is divided into 4 episodes, each of which is connected in a way that will become clear. The first episode starts out like a text parsing adventure game where you explore your old family home and things slowly turn very creepy. The game progresses well, with the gameplay evolving and has enjoyable puzzles that most test your ability to pay attention. Overall, I had a great couple hours playing this, it is very atomospheric and gave me some scares."
,Recommended,558420,32570008,Posted: 19 June,all,Santelfon,"Great game with interesting plot and nice atmosphere.Gameplay time is a bit short,at least for a game that costs 10euros,but nevertheless i really enjoyed it,so no regrets! I recommend it for sure!"
76561198018938876,Recommended,558420,30977618,Posted: 6 April,all,Aberrant Librarian,"Stories untold is a brilliant breath of fresh air into the notoriously♥♥♥♥♥♥filled horror genre. As clever as it is horrifying it borrows heavily from the retro Stranger Things style, blending together 4 unique tales with a mixture of text adventure and first person puzzle solving. The sound design is phenomenal, which you wouldn't think would be such a big deal for a text adventure game, but it was well worth the effort. The environment oozes atmosphere and detail, making such a 'dated' concept just a frightening as when it was at it's peak.If there's one criticism I'd weigh; if you aren't familiar with text adventure games, some parts can be frustrating. Like spending 5 minutes on a single prompt only to realize you were wording your intent slightly differently than the game wanted so you couldn't progress. A problem that can make the more urgent parts of the game feel a little silly as you're fumbling with how you should form a sentence during a climactic moment.That said, it's a fairly minor gripe that veterans of this genre will no doubt be fairly used to. If you're a fan of horror, unique story-telling, or classic text adventure then its a must buy. I'd highly recommend avoiding playthroughs or much additional info about the game if you have even a passing interest, there's a lot to spoil here."
76561198023306363,Recommended,558420,34469362,Posted: 24 August,all,Mellowdrone,This is an incredible experience!What i heard from this game before really got to me and it had my interest - but it is even better than i thought.I really recommend this title to everyone who likes experimental games with a deep atmosphere!
,Recommended,558420,32765175,Posted: 25 June,all,Bassam,"Bought this on sale and I'm satisifed with it. The first 2 chapters were very well crafted, often delivering geniune scares and intrigue. Unfortunately, the latter chapters weren't as well made, with the 4th essentially botching the entire thing in an attempt to create an overarching story, using heavy handed exposition and cringy dialogue. Overall, I think the game is worth it on sale for the 1st 2 chapters, but I wouldn't recommend it for full price."
,Recommended,558420,34040461,Posted: 5 August,all,Evil Trout,"I really enjyoed this game but the lack of ability to save your progress really burned me a couple of times.It's absolutely worth playing for the narrative and atmosphere, but just make sure you never exit the game or have to stop once you've started an episode."
,Recommended,558420,32780766,Posted: 25 June,all,Kosmo,It's a pretty unique experience and it's easy to get immersed in the mystery of this game. The entire thing is actually very short though and the finale is somewhat underwhelming. It starts off really good and gets weaker onwards by the third episode to be honest.I can only recommend getting it for lower than 5 bucks.
,Recommended,558420,31864316,Posted: 20 May,all,Nathan_Cypher,"On the other hand, Untold Stories is pretty great. Four episodes of 1980s style creepiness, with an inventive blend of text parser and 3D world stuff. The puzzles in episode three are a bit much and I had to use a walkthrough for them (I am not deciphering morse code, sorry)Otherwise, highly reccomended!"
,Recommended,558420,30490523,Posted: 13 March,all,Aphex Pesuto,"I first heard about this game (or rather read about it) when I saw an article saying that this game was ""an interesting spin on old text adventure games"". This was back when it was only known as ""The House Abandon"" which was a demo at the time to show off the game.And boy, am I happy I picked this up when it got out.This game breaths in new life into the text-based adventure genre that has, more or less, become a niche genre. ""Stories Untold"" is a 4-part text-adventure game (sort of), with each episode having its own story and plot. The game puts you in the shoes of the episode's protagonist, as you try to fulfill the objective of the episode, by using computers or other text-based interfaces.If you're really giddy to try this game out before buying, you should download and play The House Abandon.Much like old text-adventure games, the length depends on how long it takes you to complete a puzzle or trial-and-error your way through the game. In my case, I was mostly stumped around Episode 3 and early in Episode 4, due to a puzzle element introduced in Episode 3 that was somewhat hard to decipher (mainly due to audio issues I had on my end). Otherwise, the game (I found) was pretty straight forward. The game has a lot of neat mechanics and switches them up. I won't exactly spoil them, but it's some neat ways to play around with the text-adventure medium.Now, let me put down the positives, neutrals and negatives I've had with this game:Positive- Music and sound design is head-on! Going through certain episodes had me at the edge of my seat in fear.- Masterfully crafted plot.- Each episode keeps you coming back for more, to unearth the plot.- Well done mechanics that toy with the text-based medium.Neutral- True to the text-adventure medium, you'll hit either a lot or no ""sorry, you need to be more clear""-messages. I got a little bothered when I kept trying to observe certain things, but the game would just go ""sorry, no can do"", even though I was sure I was clear enough.- The puzzles in Episode 3 are nice, but I had heavy issues during a puzzle that heavily relied on sound cuesfor the morse codeamongst other codes later on.- Graphics settings are really lackluster, but I somewhat didn't mind. Mainly cause the game looked and ran relatively nice. Emphasis on ""relatively"".- Can't save during episodes. If you wanna save progress, YOU WILL HAVE to beat the episode you're at. I found this somewhat tiring during Episode 3, which I found to be (by far) the longest one.Negative- Once you've played through it once, there's really no point in replaying it. A one and done kind of game.- Framedrops during certain segments of the game. I usually didn't mind it, but when the requirements on the page don't seem to reflect what's needed to run this game in those segments, you'll either crash on a low-tier computer, or have odd and awful framedrops.- Not a lot of graphical options to allievate any issues related to the above issue.- Awful mouse sensitivity and somewhat buggy cursor. There's no options for the former, which made my experience during certain segments rather unpleasant.- A minor one: some achievements seem to be bugged (as of writing, Episode 3's completion achievement is bugged and unachievable).Overall, my total experience has been rather pleasant with some bumps here and there. With some additional polish (and a hopeful sequel), I could see this game become a nice return to text-based adventure games, potentially reviving the genre. I highly and proudly recommend this game, however do be aware that you should probably have a beefy system for the more intense segments of the game!"
,Recommended,558420,30229687,Posted: 27 February,all,Wags,"What an absolutely fantastic game! As a child of the 80's, I grew up playing Commodore 64 games. The pure nostalgia of the modem connecting, to the sound of the keyboard while you type, instantly threw me back into the days of banging away at my keyboard, playing an Infocom text adventure game! I had forgotten how wonderful it is, playing that style of game, while setting up the scene in your mind of what your surroundings look like, etc. This game incorporates those elements of a typing text adventure, with graphics, and sound combo to go along with it! Make no mistake, this game is worth the money, and then some."
,Not Recommended,558420,32969863,Posted: 28 June,all,Heroselohim,"You can't save the game if you want to leave for some reason.That's why I have 19 hours instead of 60mins. I had to let the game open the entire night. Also you cannot skip intro animations.As a text adventure the game is pretty lame, simple, linear and you really cannot get out of the main line at any point.The visuals, sounds and retro ambience are good.If you want to experience a REALLY LINEAR interactive story that has no gaming decisions at all, which also doesn't have an original plot, may be you could enjoy it. No exploration, just go straight...If you want to play a good text adventure go to the classics like Zork or Planet Fall. Or just read a good book...I can only recommend this game to novice players but only if you get a high discount offer."
,Recommended,558420,33180490,Posted: 3 July,all,Laze Dybo,"Hooked after the very first chapter, quite possibly the eeriest game you'll ever play. Forget walking around looking for pages in a forest or hunting down batteries for your handicam in the dark, you wanna hook up your old Spectrum wannabe and play the most meta text based adventure you will ever experience."
76561198095597258,Recommended,558420,30975435,Posted: 6 April,all,ThatGiambalvoGuy,"Yes! 100% yes to this gameIf you're a fan of 80's style horror and text based adventure games, then this is the game for you. This is what atmospheric horror is like. It doesnt take the flashiest of flashes to make a creepy game. It doesn't take jumpscares (even though there is a few) to scare someone. All it takes it is some really good sound design, subtle visuals, compelling story telling, and a really good soundtrack to put the player on the edge of their seat. This game kept me on edge the whole time.Granted, and admittedly, the horror value deminished a bit for me. That will happen to me if I sit down with any horror game for a long session, but there were a few unexpected moments that brought it right back up. Even though the horror started to fade, the intensity didnt. There wasnt a single moment where I thought to myself ""This is getting boring"" or ""I'm tired of this"". No. The whole time I was waiting for what happened next and it didnt fail to deliver in the slightest.The soudntrack cover to this game calls it ""The Complete First Season"".....which I'm hoping alludes to there being more. And if there is, WHEN...there is....I will buy it. And I will play it. I was left satisfied AND wanting more at the same time. If it's nothing but this one game, then thats perfectly fine. The ""the complete first season"" thing might just be like a joke/nod to how this game is set up with the multiple episodes, I'll totally accept this being a one-and-done game. However, I do hope to see a season 2 and I happily play it!"
,Recommended,558420,30248577,Posted: 28 February,all,Alfonso Gamble,"Very short (Steam says 2.7 hours), but great, nonetheless. Some of the information sources in the game were difficult to see to the point where it was infuriating at times (see the microfilm display in episode 3), and in the few instances where I had to walk around the environment, the mouse movement felt way too sensitive (fortunately, having a mouse with an adjustable DPI made this a null issue). Overall, I give it an 8/10, and it's well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,558420,32068908,Posted: 30 May,all,vonblubba 🍺,"The game has some serious technical issues. I tried playing it on a laptop with i5 processor and intel hd graphics, but had to give up; game was soooooo slow, and the cpu fan seemed like it was about to take off. Considering what was on the display, I really don't know what all that power was required for.There's also not much to do in terms of puzzle solving; you are basically guided step by step through  the game, which is an unusual mix of adventure and text adventure.In the very few moments where you don't know what to do, a bit of random clicking (or typing ""look around"") solves the problem.Issues like these are usually more than enough to mark a game as ""bad"". Not in this case. Plot and overall atmosphere are so good that you happily turn a blind eye on the problems. Especially if you're a '80s nostalgic as I am."
76561197976028334,Not Recommended,558420,32813302,Posted: 26 June,all,Get Burned!,"I really wanted to like Stories Untold, but it's just not that good. There are four stories in total. The first one was interesting enough. The player is playing a spooky text adventure and stuff that is going on in the text game affects what's going on in the larger game world. It was short, but kept me interested to see what came next. The second and third stories felt like I was doing a science lab in school. The game rewarded the player for following instructions correctly. A lot of the game is either playing a simple text adventure or making sure settings on equipment are correct. It's obvious there's some thing bigger going on, but events that take place don't make logical sense. The first three stories seem unrelated to each other. It's not until the fourth and final story that everything ties together and the other stories make sense. But, this is also where the game completely falls apart. Without giving anything away, let's just say there's plenty of blame to go around. I didn't buy the narrative that is told at the end at all. It was boll0cks. To its credit, it is a fairly unique game. I applaud the effort to do something different. The game clocks in at around 3 hours total."
,Recommended,558420,30501088,Posted: 13 March,all,bakersfield chimp,"Short, but really interesting. Some stuff doesn't run particularly well, but still totally worth checking out."
,Recommended,558420,33228249,Posted: 4 July,all,ATeamOfSkeletons,". . . . . I dont know what to say about this game, this is probably my favourite game in my steam library storywise.If your thinking about buying and playing this game, go in without knowing anything, by that i mean dont watch a 'lets play'."
,Recommended,558420,33569927,Posted: 15 July,all,Yorkie,"Wow, just finished this and what an amazing experience.  It's not a long game, but it's one of those where the experience stays with you.  I'd recomend anyone who loved stuff like The Stanley Parable, or Everybody's Gone to the Rapture to give this a shot, you won't regret it."
76561197977031305,Recommended,558420,33841993,Posted: 27 July,all,Nyarlah,"Interesting experiment. The clickable spots were often finicky and I lost way too much time searching somewhere else after clicking the right spot and having it not registering. It happened 3 or 4 times and basically doubled the length of my playthrough.That aside, I liked it and I'll recommend it. Maybe a bit too pricey for the content."
,Recommended,558420,30996448,Posted: 7 April,all,Skinner,"A 3 hour, mostly linear experience. I'm a 30 year old horror lover. This is hands down the best horror experience I've ever had with a video-game, period. This game does narratively what no other game I've ever played even dares to do - and that's why it succeeds.This story will haunt you. It is not scary. It is a force of dread. You can not run from it: that would allow you agency. No, this story forces you to swallow it - it forces you to consume it. You are helpless and can do nothing but take it in.For ten bucks you could watch a horror movie at a theater or get one of the most unforgettable experiences of your horror-media life (at least, it was in my case). I don't regret it at all."
,Recommended,558420,30847137,Posted: 30 March,all,Vitamin Salo,"The game is very good. The story is unpredictable at times, slowly coming together to form a picture. Many things about the game are ""twists"" some of them pretty meta; there are many easy to miss details that arent essential but help you piece things together faster if you are extra inquisitive.The high point to me was when the final twist was made obvious. At a certain point in the game, you understand the situation as a player, it is spelled out for you, yet you have to grudgingly type it out action by action and unavoidably play it through. Fantastic story telling. I felt the frustration of the main character, struggled to fight the lexer into a different turn of events. Think horror film where the characters get separated while you desperately yell at them, except you have to control them to get separated to progress (not a spoiler).Speaking of the lexer.The lexer is very poor. It took me completely out of the game a couple of times.*gets key for door*Open door. -> You need a key.Open door with key. -> I dont understand.*maybe its for a different door?*I had to ""use key"".This is a minor example to avoid spoilers, there are many more eggregious examples of this where dozens of combinations that make sense cause the lexer to choke and regurgitate that it is confused. I know, lexer. I know.10/10 story.8/10 gameplay. (***king lexer.)8/10 value (short some people wont like that for their money. Its perfectly priced for me given how good it is.)10/10 visuals. The style is fantastic. Vapour-retro-futurism meets haunted house meets spoilery stuff I wont mention.6/10 performance. Runs like I do (not well). In particular the game has severe issues with in-home streaming (not a problem with other titles, lest my internet be to blame). In general however, the game should not bring my gtx 780 to its knees. It does. Maybe it is just bad luck with drivers or whatever.Cheers"
76561197997678124,Recommended,558420,34080498,Posted: 7 August,all,fragkitten,"This is a fun and spooky little title that can be knocked out in less than two hours. I picked it up on discount for about 50% off since I didn't want to pay the full price for a short game.I really liked it a lot! I honestly didn't think a game like this could spook me but it maintained a really nice atmosphere while guiding me through a series of short stories. There were a couple things that felt tedious(like having to contantly change dials on machines), but in the end I found it to be pretty immersive and enjoyed the journey.I would be very happy to see more like this from these Devs. I know it's a remaster, but I'm still eager for more!"
76561198144713855,Recommended,558420,35040999,Posted: 18 September,all,ElizaYglmskaya,"At first you dont understand what's going on, but it doesnt matter, cause the gameplay is so awesome with all that nostalgic tech. And when it finally starts to make sense... Wow! The game is totally worth it!"
,Recommended,558420,30288977,Posted: 2 March,all,Loki,"Wow!  I had never heard of this game before I bought it.  I went into it with nothing more than the steam description page.  I thought the premise sounded interesting so whatever, I bought it and went to town.  First off, this was NOT what I expected.  I expecting something more like the text adventure games of old.  I expected to be sitting for hours and hours reading text, guessing commands, and using my imagination to paint the picture.  You will not get this here, so if that is what you want you should look elsewhere.  Please don’t take this as a negative though!  The game that I played just wasn’t what I expected to be playing.  What I got was PLENTY worth the cost of entry.  This is not a long game, 4 chapters actually, that make up around 2 hours of gameplay.  All connected, and all very intriguing.  Each one slightly different than the last in terms of game play mechanics.  The text adventure is there, but in light doses.  The graphics and environments are simple yet engaging.   Puzzles aren’t overly complicated to the point of quitting and enjoyable when the appear.  The sound in this game is top notch.  Everything from the music, to sound effects, to voice over work.  All on point.  The story has some twists and turns and even a message for the end.This was not the game I signed up for, but it was a game I am happy to have played otherwise.  It is also one that I would recommend to anyone really.  Great stuff here.  I’ll be waiting for this dev to release more games."
,Recommended,558420,30346182,Posted: 5 March,all,lydiabrim,"I usually don't write reviews which is a bad habit, I know. But this game blew me away. It was gripping and intense and gave me a jump a few times. If you like the nostalgia trips going on like Stranger Things, then this should be right up your alley."
,Recommended,558420,30311381,Posted: 4 March,all,Shampew,Really neat story.Hard puzzles. Very unique experience.Short gameplay. worth it imo.
,Recommended,558420,32069072,Posted: 30 May,all,magezky,"Loved this game. Only took about an hour and a half to get through, but I really enjoyed it. Overall story had a pretty terrifying idea and along with a lot of creepy twists, made for a pretty well rounded horror game.Really good psychological horror game, solid effort by Devolver. Would love to see more."
,Recommended,558420,30263987,Posted: 1 March,all,Blattdorf,"Pretty cool game! It does some rather freaky and inventive stuff throughout, so I don't want to spoil anything. I wish it was longer, but then again it doesn't overstay its welcome. Feels a bit like an episode of the Twilight Zone."
,Recommended,558420,30289862,Posted: 2 March,all,gamerfly101™,"Summary: 80's horror, Great Atmosphere, and pretty great story with a realistic and creepy setting and situation. The only problem with the game is that they don't really give you a list of commands, and can be confusing for new comers to typing adventure games. If you are a fan of typing, exploring, and horror games I really recommend this game.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Stories Untold is basically a game set in the 80's and has 4 chapters telling a unique story in all of them, starting with a Intro each time. I'd really like to keep this review vague when it comes to the chapters, but let's just say that it is all really well written and has really interesting concepts. For a new comer to text adventure games of the times, this could be a little challenging and confusing to a new player since they don't really tell you some of the commands. But if you are used to text like adventure games, you will probably have an easy time like I did and have almost no problems. This is a game i'd recommend since it has a pretty good atmosphere and actually kind of spooked me, unlike quite a bit of horror games now a days.So i'd recommend this game if your looking for a new unique kind of horror game with really great atmosphere and settings."
,Recommended,558420,30387422,Posted: 8 March,all,Hawk Zombie,"I honestly thought this game was going to be slightly different. A text adventure game wrapped in a neat 3D environment shell. However, while that is true for certain segments, it soon becomes a very perplexing and thought-provoking puzzle game.The story isn't a happy one, and it's one that, towards the end, felt a bit ham-fisted. Whenever I see something like that coming, a part of me tries to do everything to avoid it (and the game even mocks you somewhat for doing so; a nice touch). In the end, however, it was well worth the price I paid. A well-crafted interactive story,Pros+The atmosphere is amazing in Chapter 1, and was probably my favorite chapter+The puzzles weren't too dfficult to figure out once you 'got it' but they weren't too easy either+Not so unique story told in a very unique manner+The presentation is like Stranger Things meets Myst. Amazingly done.Neutral=The price is probably high for some, but I found it fair for what you get, and the quality of the story and how it was presented.=Some achievements are broken as of my writing this; a patch is coming.Cons-The walking segments felt clunky, and there were a few places I got 'stuck' against the environment.-Some music is too quiet, and other parts are too loud-The microfiche in Chapter 3 was hard to read. While I understand the controls were there for a reason, I still found it difficult to read some bits that were 'degraded' looking.-Also in Chapter 3, the morse code segement flew by, and I got it wrong a few times simply because I heard wrong.TLDR: Stranger Things of video games. Buy if you love good stories that are delivered in unique and interesting ways, and love figuring out things on your own."
,Recommended,558420,30780747,Posted: 27 March,all,0dds_0f_Even,"I don't play much text adventures but I really enjoyed my short 5 hour experience with Stories Untold. (The game has a good amount of horror, science fiction & mystery)For a story about adrunk brother behind the wheel & a dead family memberthe game felt very mysterious the entire time I've been playing it, I don't know if this game is based off the developer's personal experience or not but I really enjoyed the game & I hope there will be more of these type of text adventure games in the future.I really had an education about thephonetic alphabet, morse code, radio frequencies& so on in episode 3 + enjoyed tinkering with all sorts of devices to experiment on aheart?& someextraterrestrial, orb-like devicein episode 2.What I enjoyed the most about this game was the fact that for example in the 1st episode if you typed in a certain action in the text adventure it affected the background like thealarm clockso I was also impressed that the game isn't just limited to a blank screen with words like most text adventures are. (I don't have much of an imagination)On a technical perspective after reading the most recent announcement update I'm impressed that this short game runs at 60 FPS (you have short exploration segments with the WASD & mouse controls in episode 3 & 4) so kudos to the developer for adding that in the game.The only cons I have is with the mouse in episode 3 & 4 with the exploration segments it keeps leaving my windowed screen randomly but for the most part it's tolerable & the ending is either a hit or miss with some people since it's anti-climatic.Overall I would recommend Stories Untold either at full price or on a good sale."
,Recommended,558420,31361996,Posted: 25 April,all,daveeee,"I would recommend playing this without reading too many reviews. In short, it consists of four short text and puzzle based horror pastiches.One of the best value for money games I've played in a while. Genuinely chilling."
,Recommended,558420,31386224,Posted: 26 April,all,redsonja575,This game is like playing the twilight zone. It's incredible and will leave you wanting to play more like this but the only problem is there aren't many like it at all :(
76561198207030971,Recommended,558420,33137941,Posted: 2 July,all,MROZombie,"Do you like the nostalgia of the 80's ala Stranger Things? Do you like new and different ways of telling a story? Do you want to feel like you need happy pills after playing a game? Then look no further!This psychological horror game uses four different chapters in a story that unravels itself much like you will feel toward the end. It uses amazing detail to tell a compelling story about the character in which you play. Elements of text RPGs, point and click RPGs, and first person immersion are used to capture the moment and propel you forward.I personally finished this in one sitting because I just couldn't stop playing it. It is a fairly short game, but I wonder if it were twice as long would I have stopped.So just pull up a chair, turn out the lights, maybe even let other people watch you play because this is one hell of a ride. After completing the game I felt like I needed a cigarette. It's like those movies that really make feel messed up at the end like the original Old Boy or Martyrs."
,Recommended,558420,33159358,Posted: 2 July,all,Springfoot,"Stories Untold is a fun little game with a world and visual style patterned after Stranger Things. I recommend playing through the entire thing in one sitting, which I did (without any guides) in about 2h45m - so about the length and price of going to a movie.Structurally, the game has 4 distinct chapters, which appear unrelated at first but start to converge as the story progresses. The game begins with a fairly traditional text adventure but quickly introduces new puzzles and gameplay elements. The visuals, audio, voice acting, and plot are all well done and engaging.Some of the common complaints have to do with the text speed and parser during the text adventure portions. The text speed was a bit annoying, especially as transitioning back and forth between areas causes the game to repeat the same description - hopefully the developer will add a minor quality-of-life feature to allow users to hit the spacebar or something to instantly complete the text, but as it stands it was only a minor annoyance for a few minutes and not game breaking. Similarly, I didn't have much issue with the parser - it's fairly rudimentary, but as the game progresses less time is spent doing the text adventure stuff in favor of other types of puzzles.The only significant issue I had with the game involves a section where you need to listen to and transcribe a series of numbers delivered in Morse code. If you're not playing in a quiet environment, have good headphones, or are remotely hard of hearing, this part can be extremely frustrating because the beeps and chirps of the audio are delivered so rapidly that it's hard to discern the dots and dashes.I'm unsure how much work it would be, but I'd encourage the devs to add an option in the game to slow the Morse code audio down to make the dots and dashes easier to differentiate and possibly add some kind of visual element (like a small light) that would blink on an off in relation to the Morse code audio. As it stands, if you have any of the aforementioned issues with either hearing or quality of your listening environment, you'll likely just have to look up the solution online.One additional recommendation is that you play the game with pen and paper available. The third chapter (the same one that contains the Morse code bit) requires you to receive and retain strings of numbers and codes that are easier done if you have them written down.Aside from those relatively minor issues, I absolutely loved the game, its setting, story, and presentation. If you've seen and enjoyed the show, Stranger Things, it's definitely a worthwhile experience that costs and lasts as long as going to a movie."
,Recommended,558420,33054397,Posted: 30 June,all,zzeN,It's a unique game with a creepy but awesome setting.
,Recommended,558420,33023764,Posted: 29 June,all,Thomas M.,"If you are looking for an old horror videogame, this is for you. Critical thinking is one of the components of the game that makes it so impressive and unique at the same time. Overall, it's mind-blowing! I highly recommend this game and let you experience the stories untold."
76561198018759539,Recommended,558420,33242322,Posted: 4 July,all,TheAbominableDan,"If you'd told me at the start of the year that something like this might be my favourite game of 2017 I would absolutely not have believed you. But now halfway through the year I don't know what's going to top it for me.I don't want to give too much away because this is a game that definitely goes places you won't expect. But I will say give it a chance. It's deliberately maddeningly difficult at times, but that's part of the atmosphere and the ultimate payoff of the game. It's a short, extremely tense, and extremely upsetting game that I absolutely adore.I did experience some crashing with a microfilm section, and others have reported that as well. But it doesn't prevent me from fully recommending it."
,Recommended,558420,33138631,Posted: 2 July,all,SenorJulian,"I really enjoyed this game. Even though it only lasts about 2 hours, the story was fascinating and it kept me guessing. I would definitely recommend this to fans of the psychological horror genre."
,Recommended,558420,33010632,Posted: 29 June,all,Ribbon,"i love ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Teen Simulator 1986. Hopefully they'll improve the parser for next year's version, and maybe by 2017 we'll stop including morse code in games"
,Recommended,558420,33232688,Posted: 4 July,all,not ok,short and sweet. definitely buy if it is on sale.
,Recommended,558420,33272918,Posted: 5 July,all,I snif my rose very good,"How to start... Firstly, i played House Abandon earlier this year and was blown away by it. Fast forward until yesterday, when i was trying do browse the net for something else and accidentally got auto-filled homepage of that project, which ultimately led me to this game.And man, do i not regret this happy little typo! Totally blown by the game, it's so well done, all details are in the right places, the story unfolds slowly, but if you are looking well, you might catch glimpses early and when everything gets clear, it's totally amazing! Give it a shot, it's so worth it."
,Recommended,558420,32827518,Posted: 26 June,all,Zuzu (^.^),"Scares the sh** out of me every time... So yes, great game10/10"
76561197977164456,Recommended,558420,32815098,Posted: 26 June,all,Vegan Reagan,"Stories Untold does a better job with immersion than any other game I've played in the last few years. And because the world it draws you into is at times scary, surreal, and intense, the effect is unnerving. Part of the immersion comes from smart design choices; all four episodes take place in one location, usually interfacing with a terminal or some kind of equipment. You as a player end up mostly mirroring the character. You search your computer screen for clues as he's reading microfilm, or you're entering text commands as he's playing a text adventure. There are very few instances in the game where you aren't sitting in front of a computer, and so there's very little to remind you that the experience you're having isn't real.The generally slick graphics and above average voice acting won't break your immersion either. All of this helps in experiencing a very unique story, told in a unique way. All four episodes are slightly different, and without giving too much away, you'll be playing through them about 1.5 times. The first time through, there are slight connections between episodes that seem like thematic tie-ins, and these connections simply add to a sense of dread and surrealism. The second time through, you finally get enough perspective to see that these thematic connections were surface level. All four episodes are hopelessly tied together, and what seem like partially seperated experiences are actually revealed to be small parts in something much bigger.This leads to the only real negative I have about Stories Untold. Because the first episode (""The House Abandon"") was created for Ludum Dare, and the rest of the game was created as a full release a year after, the first episode is not as well connected to the rest of the game as the other three. It almost feels like the frame story was created, and three episodes were created out of that, and then the frame story was modified to try and fit the first episode. That being said, this doesn't mean that the first episode isn't compelling (actually the second and fourth episodes are the weakest in the game), or that the story isn't able to wrap everything up in the end. It just feels like an episode with less connections to the universe than the others.Stories Untold is so well-produced that it feels like an episode of the Twilight Zone or Black Mirror, and it's almost impossible that the creators weren't huge fans. If this is an homage to that kind of storytelling, then it's a loving one. This is a game that should be played by any horror fan, or anyone who appreciates the kind of stories that only video games can tell."
76561197992264433,Recommended,558420,32771204,Posted: 25 June,all,Solimar,What an amazing game!
,Recommended,558420,32960181,Posted: 28 June,all,psu,"Smashes down the fourth-wall like no other PC game I know does.You will no longer feel safe behind your keyboard, the game pulls you in and makes you really feel in control, which you might not want when things start going wrong."
,Recommended,558420,30307736,Posted: 3 March,all,Peachicus,"An amazing game.Blew me away it was scary, puzzling and amazing story telling. It's not often I right reviews but I felt Untold Stories deserved one because it truly is a great peice of art.If you enjoyed watching Stranger Things then I think you'll love this game."
,Recommended,558420,30343645,Posted: 5 March,all,Choc_Salties,"Retro text adventure with a bit of puzzling and RTFM built in? What a pleasure!Game is a total mind#%%? with breaking of the forth wall in the narrative, to tell a very interesting tale. A bit short, but well worth a go.Recommend that you put on headphones during the playthrough and cut ambient light down to a minimum; this will help conditions that you may pee yourself (a little), at the twist points in the story.Definite thumbs up!"
,Recommended,558420,30734992,Posted: 25 March,all,Wiznik,"Roughly four-five hours of gameplay for $10? Excellent pricing, great buy, and interesting concept. I really enjoyed it and was glad to pay for the experience. I don't really have many complaints besides it can take several attempts to do something, but I've played text-based games before and that isn't uncommon. It's, in fact, authentic. So I highly recommend this game. Spooky, engaging, and leaves you wanting to figure out what's going on. All the episodes are connected, so don't quit just because they seem like nonsense. It wraps it up in the end."
76561198024850723,Recommended,558420,31322518,Posted: 23 April,all,Khan,"Really good game. Think of it as a replacement for a movie. It's about 3 hours long so you can beat it in one sitting. The soundtrack and the sound effects are very satisfying and the story draws you in while being decently scary. There were quite a few times I was hesitant to press Enter out of fear for what would happen next. The only negative reviews I am seeing are for the ending, and while it's a little too drawn out, it's a decent ending and is by no means a reason to avoid this game. This is well worth $10, and if it's on sale then it's a must buy."
,Recommended,558420,33708667,Posted: 21 July,all,jenn_geoffroy,"Some good ideas and atmosphere. Different stories (though all connected) based on different sci-fi or horror situations, and neatly wrapped up in the end. The puzzles aren't hard, though some can be annoying (I can't decipher morse code to save my life, it seems, even with an index), they occasionally get in the way of the ambience and narrative, but overall a fun few hours."
,Recommended,558420,33574156,Posted: 15 July,all,Kain Klarden,"Stories Untold is, in many ways, an evolution of a text adventure. The games that described what you do, what you see, what you feel with text only and allowed you to experience adventures with simple verbs like ""look around"", ""go forest"" or ""open door"". Except, this title adds the visual element to it in a way that's meant to complement the horror theme of the strange stories it tells. It also doesn't limit itself to pure text adventure only, including elements more common to something like Myst and even some walking around sections. And ties itself quite heavily to the ever popular today late 80s aesthetic, and quite successfully, I must say.This however, leads to some unpleasant side-effects as well. For example, the text adventure parts don't feel like what's a modern text adventure would be, but specifically those early, extremely limited in parser and verbs available adventures that expect you to do exactly what they want. The non-text adventure bits, while at times clever in how they build up to the eventual story revelation and evoke certain feelings, are sadly more tedious then fun. And the story actually feels less interesting than it could've been, although it does tie everything quite nicely and rewards attention. In addition, there is very unfortunate lack of any way to save mid one of it's 4 stories, requiring you to start from the beginning every time and watch a lot of unskippable stuff. And we get a creative and fun, but seriously underdeveloped idea, that still results in a fun game to check out at a discount."
,Recommended,558420,32835606,Posted: 26 June,all,Jens,"Never expected this game to be this good. Really. If you're not fully convinced yet, please let me convince you.B-b-but Jens, I've read that people say it's not good? Yes, some people dislike this game and the only thing they have to say is: ""it's too linear"" and yes, they have a point.Small spoiler, but very convincing:I expected the game to be 4 small 'horror' stories, but it turned out to be a lot more. Really. A LOT more.The game itself is beautifully made. The music, artstyle and storyline are a 10/10. The gameplay is VERY original, and really worth trying. There are some puzzle aspects in the game, but don't expect too much. The game is linear, yes, so don't expect the most out of the 'text adventure' feature. The game wants you to do something, and you can't really make decisions, but does that make the game bad? Absolutely not!I'm not even mad that this game is linear, maybe it's even better like this. (We'll never know). JUST PLAY IT. IT'S REALLY GOOD UH."
,Recommended,558420,34639420,Posted: 31 August,all,fraggyb,Easily one of the best games I've ever played in my life.It'll last you a couple of hours but you've never played anything like it before.  And it's scary as hell.  And it'll mess with your head like no other game.10/10
,Recommended,558420,34703426,Posted: 2 September,all,LunaticS0UL,An underrated masterpiece of gaming storytelling. I can't say more. It's simply stunning.
,Recommended,558420,34706381,Posted: 3 September,all,[FPHZ],"This game is hard to describe. And I feel calling it a game isn't fair, it's more of an experience. Yea, there are puzzles and things to work through and it's really fun but the story it tells is incredibly powerful and has to be experienced first hand for the real impact. It's terrifying, not only from a psychological level, but once you find out the truth in the end, on a personal level. It's hands down the scariest game I've ever played because I am sure we can all relate, we just got lucky.I really want to tell you more, but if you're even slightly interested, pick it up and play it through. It's short but it will impact you for the rest of your life."
76561198025374081,Recommended,558420,35183937,Posted: 24 September,all,dixontom,Great experimental game with a gripping story. Well worth it.
,Recommended,558420,35233609,Posted: 26 September,all,dave.delrio,"This game is like being the star of a Twilight Zone episode.  Something sinister is going on, but you don't know what.  The setting is the mid-1980s, and the nostalgia, if you lived and gamed in that era, is overwhelming.  The game is divided into four stories.  There's a dark thread that runs through every story, but you don't quite see the connection until the end.  This is an amazing game and a brilliant and unique experience."
76561197977551282,Recommended,558420,30270710,Posted: 1 March,all,Burn Ward,"Horror games don't usually do anything for me, but this one really got to me and had me looking over my shoulder.If you're even slightly interested in this, do yourself a favor and don't read anything more about it and jump in."
,Recommended,558420,30267892,Posted: 1 March,all,The Ramen Noodle,"Amazing game. A masterpiece of storytelling. A great story that falls together in the end. I must say, a great purchase on all accounts."
,Recommended,558420,30594622,Posted: 18 March,all,Qelric,"Fantastic retro-inspired game that takes you back to the '80s both in gameplay and design. Great value for money, check out my full review if you are uncertain, I've tried to keep it spoiler free!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=886099184"
,Recommended,558420,31883918,Posted: 21 May,all,Aturaku,"Absolutely brilliant game, I really enjoyed it. Its only short, but the puzzles are awesome, and the story is brilliant.Although i wish the plot from the first three episodes had've been true, and there was some weird supernatural stuff going on in the world. That would've been amazing, aliens and supernatural computers. I still liked the story, but i sorta saw it coming."
,Recommended,558420,30329636,Posted: 4 March,all,Dook,One of the best interactive narratives of the decade.IT WAS ALL MY FAULT. 10/10
,Recommended,558420,30338273,Posted: 5 March,all,Joga,"My favorite type of game is one that's cheap, short, and offers something really unique or interesting. And Stories Untold very much fits the bill - it's cheap, doesn't outstay its welcome, and is definitely one of the more unique games I've played. ""Experimental psychological text adventure"" is a pretty apt description - it very much has that 80's sci-fi/thriller vibe, similar to the Netflix seriesStranger Things. There are a number of puzzles (though nothing too difficult) and the story is excellent and mind-bending. I don't want to say too much about it so as not to spoil it, but watch the trailer, and if that looks appealing to you, then you shoulddefinitelycheck it out."
,Recommended,558420,31089350,Posted: 11 April,all,Nettles,"Short but sweet, think dear Esther by way of Zork with the stylings of Stranger things. Saying anything more would spoil it so I'd recommend just jumping in..."
,Recommended,558420,31005603,Posted: 7 April,all,Banlara,"The atmosphere of the desk you're ""sitting in"" reacts to the different phases of the story. Also, fourth wall breaks. 5/7"
76561198026413643,Recommended,558420,31795747,Posted: 16 May,all,GloomyGhost,"This is an incredible game. Very well designed. Some parts were challenging but there was nothing illogical or frustrating (once you figured out the ""rules"" of each story).The one complaint that might be made is that it's a very short game. I thought I went at a reasonable pace and ended up getting through it in just under 2.5 hours. On the one hand, that's about what I'd to see a movie in the theather (maybe even a bit less) but on the other hand $10 is a lot for a game that only last 2.5 hours and has very little replay value.Definitely recommending but maybe wait to get it on sale."
76561197983869752,Not Recommended,558420,32907535,Posted: 27 June,all,IcoVir,"It really saddens me to give it a vote down because the concept is great. The game starts off great but ends in a really weak manner. The game is not necessarily, hard, but, it is rewarding. It's fun to play except for parts in the third act. Once you get a hang of it, you will breeze through it.This not a spoiler, but the ending has nothing to do with the first three stories. That's not 100% true, it does but doesn't. This game was clearly created with the success of shows like ""Stranger things"". The difference, is that the show sticks to it's guns. This game ends up trying to pull a Twilight Zone curve that doesn't work that well.Its like baiting someone into what they think is a game about aliens only to realize that its about a ponies. Not really what you'd expect. If they wanted to ground the game in reality, that would have been great. But to use a better plot to attract people is just wrong..."
76561198156629063,Recommended,558420,30236872,Posted: 28 February,all,KittenMe379,"Here's my walkthrough video of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLJmotVAtm8&t=25sThis game is absolutely unnverving. It is very spooky, creepy, and frightening. It's a great balance between narrative and horror pieces.Pros:-Simple-Unconvetional way of progressing through a narrative-based horror game-Nostalgic-Game runs smoothly and graphics are top notch-Intriguing storyline-Creepy sound effectsThe only thing I don't like about  it  is probably the minimal interaction available to players. That's not even all that bad. I still like it a whole lot.Rating: 8/10 for now."
,Recommended,558420,30231813,Posted: 27 February,all,FockinUppity,Surreal chills baby
,Recommended,558420,30821185,Posted: 29 March,all,Oculus Nex,Do you like Stranger Things? Then this game is for you!
,Not Recommended,558420,32914679,Posted: 27 June,all,RETRO STORM,"After playing through the first story in the demo, I was under the impression that there would be more text-based exploration involved in each of the episodes.  The 2nd and 3rd chapters were a chore to play as most of the time is spent tweaking radios and performing experiments instead of the text adventure style in the first chapter.I love the art and music.  The demo is definitely worth playing, but keep in mind that the other three episodes are very different."
,Recommended,558420,32855991,Posted: 27 June,all,SaltyPants,This game will scare youThis game will make you sickAnd you'll want more.
,Recommended,558420,32401480,Posted: 13 June,all,Hadals,"Four episodes, each one apart from the other in both story and game mechanics. Surrel stories with features very few jumpscares that make the player scare themselves, instead of being forced into scares. Every episode builds an atmosphere of fear, starting with an unnerving foundation before growing into great unease and dread. Very 80's influenced with episodes reminding me of Scanners and The Thing. For best effect, play by yourself and in the dark. Would truly recommend, though some puzzles can be frustrating to those seeking an immediate thrill."
,Recommended,558420,32464537,Posted: 15 June,all,boredJonathan,"Stories Untold is not a very long game. From start to finish, I spent maybe 2.5 hours playing through the four episodes available. And yet, those 2.5 hours were some of the most unique and experimental in gaming I've played in years. It's not a title I'd recommend to everyone, but I'd imagine if the trailer, or word of mouth, has led you to reading reviews on Steam - you are likely going to enjoy what is on hand here.The primary method of interacting with the game is via text commands as each section of the game eventually comes down to typing in commands. You'll spend lots of time typing in 'look around', or 'go to [location]' and reading the output from those actions via a computer terminal. However, each episode has it's own take on this interaction - from having you decode Morse Code, and using microfiche, to following step by step instructions in how to operate lab equipment. These allow each episode to feel unique while still feeling part of a larger whole.Which, without spoiling anything, is mirrored in the overall story. While each episode tells a unique and unsettling story, they are all part of a larger narrative that explains why these particular stories were chosen to be told. It feels similar to watching a few episodes of the Twilight Zone - or watching a horror anthology such as Creepshow. Everything is seperate until you take a step back and look at the bigger picture.Stories Untold also nails it's retro 80s vibe. As much as it tries to evoke 'Stranger Things' from it's opening theme - it earns that right based on how effective the rest of the games settings and mechanics are used.I really enjoyed my time with this one, and hope that we get to see more from the developer No Code in this vein of story telling."
,Recommended,558420,32509157,Posted: 17 June,all,Floor is lava,Very good game. Enjoyed it a lot.
76561198048901774,Recommended,558420,32596900,Posted: 20 June,all,Lord Malric,"Well worth a sale price.Interesting story/way to make you think.Don't think too deeply into it, let it be fun.House abandoned is great.Hope we get more from these guys!"
,Recommended,558420,32597474,Posted: 20 June,all,hUGO,"Yeah, it was good. Coulda been better. I really enjoyed the first episode. The others were all right. The game's atmosphere is top notch, and the sound of the keyboard is beautiful."
,Recommended,558420,32700807,Posted: 23 June,all,jbr_r18,"Incredible experience. Starts as a weird text based horror game with a very 80s/Stranger Things vibe but quickly takes a jump. Stay with it, it only takes about 5 minutes but it gets very interesting very quickly. You just need to read the text and use basic Look/Use/Read commands for a little.If you played anything like Her Story then you will  absolutely love this"
,Recommended,558420,30237768,Posted: 28 February,all,Retro!,"Spoiler Free!Really cool and neat idea.This game really makes me want to play text based games again.This game, however, wasn't what I was expecting which was both good and bad.I was expecting/hoping this game was strictly like the first couple of chapters. Spooky text based game in a changing environment to give a ""playing in a haunted house feel"".  If the game stopped there and upped it's scary factor, I would enjoy this game on a whole different level.However, the story takes you on an actual adventure that is worth the trip.  Fun puzzles that make you think, story that takes you for a journey and the atmosphere is done extremely well.  It makes you feel as though you are really there and in the story.I reccomend this game to anyone who wants to have a blast from the past with old technology as well as going on an intense and thoughtful journey.After completing this game, all I want to do is play more of ""the House Abandon"".  Honestly, it was probably my favorite part, gameplay wise."
,Recommended,558420,33655713,Posted: 19 July,all,machstem™,"I don't leave too many actual written reviews, because most reviews capture what I want to say.Looking at the current reviews I noticed similar pros/cons but overall, this game is polished as ""good as it gets""The stories are captivating and the puzzles are simple but well designed and fit incredibly well into the stories; a huge problem with most single player puzzle games.The episodes really give depth to an otherwise simple premise to a story.If you're looking for a great single player, story driven experience, let this be it.You won't regret it"
,Recommended,558420,30235344,Posted: 27 February,all,"Magic ""The Don"" donutman",A fun and tense experience. Best to play with headphones and the lights turned down.
,Not Recommended,558420,32169892,Posted: 4 June,all,Thello,"A vaugely connected series of vignettes attempting to tell a story that doesn't quite fit. The promising first act is, unfortunately, the shortest and most interesting of the four chapters. I suspect this was a story that began with its ending and sought to justify it. Ambitious, but altogether unexciting."
,Recommended,558420,31950060,Posted: 25 May,all,Flibustache,Fresh and original. A rather short but really good experience. Really worth the price.
76561198079974485,Recommended,558420,30818966,Posted: 29 March,all,mac5565,"Stories Untold is fantastic game, it gives a great feel of the the old 80's - 90's. I've not finished it yet but I highly recommend it. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,558420,30726627,Posted: 25 March,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Edit: as of 3/25/17, the dev stated the following with regards to my problem:""Hi folks - thanks for highlighting this issue. We had some issues with vsync in the previous build and temporarily disabled it. ""It has not been fixed yet, and I'll change the review when it has.--Stories Untoldisfantastic, and the content was even better than I expected.I played through the first of four stories, and it was engaging, exciting, and ended before it overstayed its welcome. Edge-of-your-seat material right here. The only thing I would say upfront is that you should know this is a classic text adventure, with some modern interface and bells-and-whistles. So if you aren't familiar with this retro style of gaming, perhaps watch a LetsPlay first (although you will likely spoil the experience).So why the negative review, and why didn't I finish the game?Long-story-short, it was making my gaming rig crank harder than it ever has (and it is built for, and handlesViveperfectly). Apparently, from some discussion in the forum - it is because there is no frame limit. Perhaps I could change settings in my video card, but I'd rather not. This title has a lot of polish, but could use some in the settings department.Unfortunately this forced my hand to refund. I was seriously looking forward to the other three chapters. Well, if it gets fixed, I'll pick it up again - but until then I cannot recommend this.I'm saddened to write a negative review of a game that is this wonderfully crafted - but I have hope that this will be resolved at some point and I can change my vote."
,Not Recommended,558420,31621024,Posted: 8 May,all,tjgrathwell,"Stories Untold does a lot of interesting things to combine FPS, point-and-click, and traditional text adventures, but ultimately feels like an unsuccessful experiment. Though short, it is at times player-hostile. For a horror/thriller game, it's decidedly unscary.---Its greatest gaffe is including a large number of ""text adventure"" sequences that behave very little like text adventures. They don't respond to any of the typical text adventure vocabulary.For an example, here's the first thing that happens in the game:> The house is grand, sat perfectly amongs the trees> In front of you is the front door, and the yard stretches the side of the houseThe goal is to get behind the house.In a classic text adventure game, you might be told 'the yard stretches around the house to the west', so 'west' would be your choice. This game doesn't traffic in cardinality, so you have to try something else> go behind house> go to side of house> go to back of houseAll of these act the same as 'go to house', possibly triggering a new scene which you need to return from to try again.What's the correct solution? 'go to yard'. I don't know, game, from my reading of the description I was pretty sure I was IN the yard.It seems like the code is just doing simple pattern matching, so anything with ""go ... house"" is treated the same.The text ""parser"" ignores traditional text adventure history and instead only seems to respond to ""look at [x]"", ""go to [x]"", ""look around"" and ""use [x]"". The ""look around"" command is particularly awful as it reveals very obvious things in rooms that weren't included in the original description. If they were going to put this little effort into a text parser, the sequences should have just been multiple choice.---Other crummy things:* The LONG intro repeats for every episode, though it does 'pay off' in the end* The text adventure sequences insist on teleytyping out the text to you, making them more tedious than necessary* The microfilm machine in Episode 3 is just a terrible interface substituting for gameplay* After Episodes 1-3 you might think the stories are open to interpretation, but episode 4 wraps everything up unambiguously the most cliche way possible"
76561197993669468,Recommended,558420,31890814,Posted: 21 May,all,colonel moosetard,A few hours really well spent.
,Not Recommended,558420,33543520,Posted: 14 July,all,Pugglevania Bloodlines,"An excellent, and highly-immersive computer operating simulator... IF you can get past the horrendous crashing.Chapter 3, for me and many others, has completely random crashes that force you to restart the chapter from the beginning. These crashes have no rhyme or reason and the developer has not fixed the problem. It completely takes me out of the experience and ruins the whole thing. Which is a shame, because it's incredibly entertaining."
76561198103370502,Recommended,558420,31526876,Posted: 3 May,all,thomdrymour,"The story is amazing, and puzzles were tricky, but not too crazy.  Well worth paying to play."
76561197972442783,Not Recommended,558420,33324277,Posted: 6 July,all,Skarhead,"I just finished this game after picking it up this past summer sale, so the price was right, however, I just did not like it.  It's put together well enough, although several times I had issues with clicking the buttons and knobs.  I got through the game without any crashes.  I did use a walk through (the guide on Steam was very well done) since text based adventures are not my thing and it received lots of good reviews.  In hindsight if I had realized that it truely is a text based game w/ a few buttons clicked here & there, and a few walking from one-place-to-another,  I would not have purchased it.I didn't find it scary at all.  The story was pretty dumb in my opinion.  I won't ruin it for anyone, but it was a huge let down.  So, unless you're into text based adventures, skip it."
,Recommended,558420,30415672,Posted: 9 March,all,Zed Clampet,"Just absolutely amazing. The mysterious stories really get your imagination going. Unknowns are always fascinating and often scary.Everyone's mileage will vary, but this is my favorite indie game in some time. Lots of interesting puzzles to go with the story, too. Just all around a great game. Not a very long game, so the value ♥♥♥♥♥s who time their gameplay per dollar might want to get it on sale. To me, there's a lot more to value than that, and I'm more than thrilled with my purchase."
76561198002450835,Not Recommended,558420,34590982,Posted: 29 August,all,Nutlaw,"Not a fan of this one. I tried it out because of good reviews and a general wish to support smaller outfits, but it didn't click. The gameplay is clunky and simple. The story is minimal and the ambiance is considerably more bent towards straight horror than I anticipated. I made it through 2.5 of the four stories and then had to bail. I skimmed through the rest of the story online and it just didn't do it for me. I think that this sort of thing works better as a video short than as a game. Definite pass for me, especially at $10, though others clearly find it to their liking."
,Recommended,558420,30896744,Posted: 2 April,all,.Reflected.,"This is a great game! Exactly how a game should be.A wonderful storyline, one that is deep and misleading. Nothing in this game seems to be what it is.I apreciate the use of 90s text based games and there are even things like numbers stations in this game,Who could have thought of this? That people still go for things like this in our era.I cannot go into details here, as I do not want to spoil the experience.The game for me is already the best game of 2017.10/10!P.s The soundtrack is great too. Get it as DLC."
,Not Recommended,558420,31087074,Posted: 11 April,all,MΞOW ♔,"Love the world and atmosphere, but the actual game part isn't very impressive.I would love to see them expand on the concept though."
,Recommended,558420,30758310,Posted: 26 March,all,Boxamasprime,"Very cool experimental game! A nice meshing of classic text based games with modern visuals. Storyline was very trippy, this could easily be an episode of Black Mirror."
,Recommended,558420,30783631,Posted: 27 March,all,babyjeans,"It's quite an atmospheric game and it kept me immersed for the entire play through... I wasn't able to put it down until I finished all 4 episodes. The experience alone is worth the price of admission - it took me about 2.5 hours to get through, but it was a very satisfying 2.5 hours and felt like a nice evening in with a good movie."
,Recommended,558420,30778625,Posted: 27 March,all,Duke,"Nice bonified text adventure, first one I ever played. The first episode was my favorite, I would really like a complete extended game in that style. A nice take on interactive ficton with a nice touch of immersion. The environments of each episode are crafted with care a depict the fell of the 80's era with attention. I had a tiny ""Stranger Things"" itch scratched while I enjoyed this game. A bit on the short side but I had a really good time. I love having diversified gaming experiences and this gave me one which is rare in this digital content flood of an epoch.Sorry if anything is unclear, english isn't my native language."
76561197967773960,Recommended,558420,30231646,Posted: 27 February,all,Blaker,"I loved The House Abandon, and Stories Untold completely exceeded my expectations. I thought it was a short and sweet experience, and the production value/bizarre narratives made it worth the price. I played the game from my television, so some of the smaller details were somewhat difficult to make out even with the zoom function, but otherwise I the ""Text Adventure within a game"" medium was handled visually about as convincingly as it could be. Play this if you like text adventures and puzzle/simulation style games with interesting/creepy narratives.Pros:-Nails atmosphere and mystery elements-Great synth soundtrack-Distinct styles and settings-Lovely set design and visual direction-Puzzles make you feel like you're doing stuff without leaving you totally in the dark-Refreshing take on the Text Adventure formatCons:-Controls feel sensitive and unwieldly at times-Quite a few instances where actions taken do not reflect correct state change on the environment when the ""Look"" command is used-Command parser could be fleshed out a bit-Some details can be difficult to make outOverall, a solid experience. I hope to see more in the future!"
76561198122167386,Not Recommended,558420,30843430,Posted: 30 March,all,Schweinmeister,The general idea is great but after the first chapter nothing comes close to scaring me. And the other main issue is how specific you have to be to move on in the game. Chapter 3 was the definition of tedious and almost made me stop playing. I still had a decent time but not worth the money.(And I got it on sale.)
,Not Recommended,558420,32037440,Posted: 29 May,all,The Rog,"The game is nice but the bugs got the better of me, spent more time debugging the errors than playing the game."
76561198035693499,Recommended,558420,30353178,Posted: 6 March,all,JediJoe22,Nailed it.
76561197996799819,Recommended,558420,30308712,Posted: 3 March,all,FRUMP$,SICK M8
76561198125977491,Recommended,558420,30503934,Posted: 14 March,all,Buckshot Yankee,Great game
,Recommended,558420,30253111,Posted: 28 February,all,Sleeping Adonis,"The mixture of different elements in this game is just extremly groundbreaking in my since. Plus on top of that the story is just incredible. This game is SUPER immersive and if you don want to buy it because its a ""text based"" game, you will be in for a treat when you play this. This goes beyond that text based feel and makes you feel like your actually there doing these things.20/10One of the most creative games of this Decade!"
,Recommended,558420,31894850,Posted: 21 May,all,PringDing,"Rock Paper Shotgun was right, it is like nothing that I've ever played before. This is my first text-based game with other gameplay elements. The scares weren't cheap shots and the game created some great suspense. The puzzles at first were confusing to me, but I found my way through them. The use of the sound in this game is excellent and helps explain why this is considered a horror game. Overall I enjoyed the story and what it had to offer, after playing the game I did feel satisfied with the ending and just about every loose end was explained. Finally the length of the game isnt that long and if you're quick enough you could probably finish it and refund it by the time you're done. (BUT it might also be nice to give the devs a couple bucks to feed themselves and their families)Numbers are stupid so I'd give it a Snapchat Dog Filter out of a Fidget Spinner, if you know how much that is let me know."
,Recommended,558420,31890050,Posted: 21 May,all,Anal Door,"This is like one of the best experiences I ever had playing games. It's just wonderful, how developers could use such limited set of tools to tell a great story and still keep all aspects at the really high quality level. If you don't bother to have a slow (sometimes very static) process of the game and at least can enjoy by the atmosphere, the game is must have!"
,Recommended,558420,31901695,Posted: 22 May,all,my_myr,$3 per hour and I would have payed more.One of those games where you should go into it knowing nothing.
,Recommended,558420,31545018,Posted: 4 May,all,potatocubed,This was a bad week for my washing machine to break down.
,Recommended,558420,30268621,Posted: 1 March,all,Mr. Wizard [LN],"Stories Untold is a stylish, narrative-driven horror game that at its best subverts its framing and uses game genre conventions to intelligently merge gameplay with plot development but at its worst can be repetitive, unpolished, and make players physically sick.The first thing I noticed about Stories Untold is how its electronic soundtrack, sleek visual style, and 80's tech/nerd nostalgia remind me of the Stranger Things TV show. This aesthetic is one thing the game gets 100% right throughout, even if it's heavily borrowed from Stranger Things. I especially love the TV series-like introduction sequence that begins each episode. The sequence is very well done and appropriately sets the mood for what's to come.The game itself is divided into four sections, each with its own theme and play style. Most of the game is spent either interacting with an in-game computer terminal or operating in-game machinery through a point and click interface. Computer terminals are used to play text-based adventure games, read instructions for operating machinery, and to input puzzle solutions. Machinery is controlled by pressing buttons, flipping switches, moving sliders, and turning knobs. There are also a couple short segments with first person WASD + mouse environment navigation.The game is at its best when it subverts its framing and uses genre conventions to place the player in the role of its protagonist. An early example of the game subverting its framing (warning, spoilers)is in the first section when the player discovers their father's gift is the exact computer and game they are currently playing in the game's frame room.My favorite example of the game using genre conventions to merge the player and protagonist (warning, massive spoilers)is near the end of the fourth section when the game begins expecting a very fine level of detail to operate the car. For example, instead of accepting 'drive home' or even 'start the car', the game expects the player to first place the key in the ignition, then start the car, and then release the car's brake before pulling out of the driveway. When the player inevitably misses one or more of these steps, the game smartly uses the failure to point out how James is so drunk he can't manage to turn the car on properly and accentuate how he should not be driving Jennifer home.Unfortunately, the game is not perfect. While the game's narrative is compact and well designed and the gameplay shows shimmers of greatness, the mechanics at times feel rushed and incomplete. All of the mechanics and puzzles are fun when the game introduces them, but apart from the text adventure segments they quickly became less entertaining the more they are used. For example, it was really cool the first time I twisted a knob to set a piece of machinery to a certain frequency, but I got tired after twisting knobs to set frequencies for two hours. A lot of the mechanics, especially those used in the third and fourth section, were used too many times without enough variety and grew stale. The first person navigation in particular is poorly implemented and doesn't fit with the rest of the game. As other reviewers have noted, the mouse sensitivity for these sections is too high and it is hard to control without wildly swinging the camera around. And even while the text-adventure portions of the game are entertaining, they do not provide any real challenge. They are more like interactive text cut-scenes than puzzles.My biggest complaint with the game is there are sections which may make players feel physically uncomfortable or sick. The game begins with an epilepsy warning and the warning is well earned. There are several points in the game where the player is forced to look at an intense series of bright, rapidly flashing lights in order to proceed. While these sequences are supported by the narrative, the developers should have come up with a way to achieve their narrative goals without subjecting players to potentially harmful rapidly flashing lights.Overall, Stories Untold is a great narrative-driven horror game that updates the text-based and point-and-click adventure game genres for a new generation. What the game lacks in depth it makes up for with ambitious ideas, substance, and style. Despite the difference in tone and genre, the way Stories Untold subverts expectations and actively uses its gameplay to convey narrative reminds me more of The Stanley Parable than any other narrative game I've played since. I hope future games build on the style and mechanics pioneered by Stories Untold and provide a more complete fleshed out experience, but I still highly recommend this game. You should play Stories Untold if you like narrative or horror games, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561198056702614,Recommended,558420,30270187,Posted: 1 March,all,Fredde_87,An atmospheric psychological horror that plays like an old text-adventure game with some point-and-click elements. Comes with a good little story that unfolds quite nicely. Do yourself a favor and get it!
76561198008414212,Recommended,558420,32829350,Posted: 26 June,all,Safe-Keeper,Buy.
,Recommended,558420,30802306,Posted: 28 March,all,Captain Kiwii,"A really awesome ambiance in this game, a very nice 80's vibe and a pretty cool story. But one of the bad side is the text recognition. Some times you'll spend ten's of minutes trying to find the right synonymous, or at least the one the game accept. Particularly at the end of episode 4... But well, still great.One piece of advice though : don't do all of it in a row, play one episode per night and think about it between episods."
76561198214430993,Recommended,558420,31005053,Posted: 7 April,all,KBrev,great game
76561198250784110,Recommended,558420,34649196,Posted: 31 August,all,nathanmeunier,LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE YESSSSSSSS
,Recommended,558420,32397205,Posted: 13 June,all,YKA,Enjoyed this was more than I thought I would! Each short story plays out very unique and the conclusion in the 4th episode was very satisfying.My favorite is clearly episode one followed up by episode 4
,Not Recommended,558420,32138125,Posted: 2 June,all,Hellhamster,"I really really admire what this game tried to do. I played the first episode and it was like OH this is very good! I'm a bit frustrated that every time I move I have to wait for it to slooooowly type out the room description again, but I was excited.Then... the rest of the game! The gameplay got very dull and the text adventures were unplayable.  I had to use walkthroughs to work out what to do (e.g. ""the door is sealed by the console"" - to progress you have to type ""use computer"" of course.)Episode 3 was particularly dire - look up and transcribe data from a barely legible screen. FUN.Again, I admire what they tried to do with the story and connecting things but it was so dull to play and I had so many moments of just sitting there typing things out, trying stupid combinations..."
,Recommended,558420,31194472,Posted: 17 April,all,Frylock,"this is one of those games that will stick with you long after the credits rolltotal play time is fairly short though, i finished my playthrough in 2 hours"
,Recommended,558420,31169906,Posted: 15 April,all,Nerd_Master747,"LOVE THIS GAME!!! The story is awesome! If just for that alone, you should buy this game! But wait, there's more! Not only is the story great, but this game is very innovative. It has a unique aspect of interaction that makes you really feel like you are IN the story! Can't wait to play the rest! :)"
76561197991271435,Recommended,558420,31203834,Posted: 17 April,all,[pDw]NeBo♥,Absolutely amazing game that is nothing like what you expect it to be when you start out!
,Recommended,558420,31476411,Posted: 30 April,all,Fresco Jebus,"Played through this in one sitting, was blown away by the story and shifting gameplay.  The game excels at subverting your expectations, both in the narrative and mechanics.Very highly recommended!"
76561197971175487,Recommended,558420,31207426,Posted: 17 April,all,chewbaccasdad,"This game is awesome. It took me two and a half hours to complete it and it is awesome. Awesome. Seriously lads, it's awesome. It's a bit puzzly, a bit scary, and a lot awesome."
76561198141499619,Recommended,558420,31209851,Posted: 17 April,all,Sid,"There is nothing about this game that i dislike. I would reccomend to check out the demo first, see if you like it and then buy it, also you can always refund it so no harm done eh? Just aproach the game with an open mind."
,Recommended,558420,31463375,Posted: 30 April,all,Nemo.no,"Great game with 80's great atmosphere.The puzzles are easy, but the atmosphere makes up for it.Very disapointing ending.I would just have skipped chapter 4 if I had known.I hoped for a great sci-fi ending,but what I got was a forced idiotic social drama ending."
,Recommended,558420,30233867,Posted: 27 February,all,RedLobster,"Awesome game. Great Stranger Things vibe, cool setting."
,Recommended,558420,30234033,Posted: 27 February,all,The Mega Monkey,Stories Untold is a unique way to modernize text based adventures. I hope that No Code is able to make more in the future.
,Recommended,558420,31171225,Posted: 15 April,all,mxcl,"Bad ending, but really superb as a horror game otherwise. Innovotive and unique. Looks great too."
,Recommended,558420,31190850,Posted: 16 April,all,number2301,Absolutely stunning story telling through the medium of gaming. Can't recommend enough.
,Not Recommended,558420,31402453,Posted: 27 April,all,doctor.hogart,"As much as I like IF, I can't really recommend this game.* It greets you with long and unskippable movie-like subtitles cut-scene EVERY time you start it.* Controls feel like there's some kind of lag, not very responsive. E.g., in a third episode, don't touch big knob on microfilm reader, you will not be able to rotate it back.* Parser is really poor on synonyms.* Can't save progress in the middle of the episode. Very annoying in combination with first point.* Probably can stand some optimization.On the bright side, it has really great visuals and it's interesting experiment on IF."
,Recommended,558420,31495097,Posted: 1 May,all,Foyfighter,This is possibly one of the greatest gaming experiences i have ever had. Well worth the money for such an amzing game!
,Recommended,558420,30243704,Posted: 28 February,all,Isavuconazonium,"Stories Untold is a fantastic game with amazing story and has an incredible way of setting the atmosphere perfectly; with the music and those small subtle sounds that makes the game just that more creepy. It may be short but i would have to say its one of the best text-based horror games out there with one downfall being the options menu, it has no option menu necessities for example, music volume, sound FX, voice volume, other than that the game is wonderful with a lot of potential for DLC episodes or possibly a second game. Lastly if i had to describe this game i would say its like an intriguing book, you just cant put it down!"
,Recommended,558420,30246869,Posted: 28 February,all,slothwerks,"This is a brilliant, modern take on classic text adventures.  In the episodes I've played thus far (the first 3), the atmosphere is unsettling and spooky with beautiful graphics helping to set the tone.  Speaking of tone, this game unashamedly mimics the style of Stranger Things, both in terms of visual and audio style, but it works REALLY well.  Playing the game feels a lot like being in an escape room, if you've tried those.The first episode is close to a classic text adventure, albeit with a more simple vocabulary.  Without revealing too many details, the later episodes have you actually interacting with the environment around you in addition to the terminal.  In the second and third mention for instance, you'll constantly be adjusting dials, pushing buttons, and referring to references, in addition to typing on the terminal.  Compared to the first episode, these later episodes focus less on the old-school text adventure and begin to add in more mixed media content.The only negative point for me so far was a difficult puzzle in the third episode (if you're getting out a pen & paper, you've probably seen it)  The puzzle itself is very fair, it's just difficult if you don't have the right skill to complete it.  I'll leave it at that.The atmosphere is spooky and unsettling, but not super scary.  There are a few video/audio flashes but nothing I'd qualify as a jump scare.  There are no graphic depictions of gore in the episodes I've played so far.I'd highly recommend this game if you like story based games (think Gone Home) that are more about experiencing the content.  I'm not sure if there are multiple endings to the episodes but generally, this is going to be a short, high quality one-time adventure for most people.  If you're on the fence at all, please search for 'House Abandon' on itch.io and you can download the first episode for free.  I wasn't sure if this game would really hook me because I don't love classic text adventures, but this modern spin on a classic formula is dripping with style.Would love to see some DLC for this game that added a new episode(s)!"
76561198007483075,Recommended,558420,30245392,Posted: 28 February,all,DarklyThinking,"An interesting narrative experience clearly inspired by stranger things.Quite short(2-3 hours) but very polished.A mix of simple text games, puzzles and walking simulator sequences.Overall an enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,558420,31884892,Posted: 21 May,all,[Zot] Sels McWillar,"*SPOILERS*Stories Untold has a great atmosphere. It's been pointed out numerous times that it's going for a Stranger Things vibe, and does seem to succeed, particularily due to the music. The graphics seem to be there for flavor and nostalgic flair, and they fulfill that purpose well. Alas, most of the graphics seem to exist for the credits. (And oh boy, do you ever get to watch those. There's no saving, and every time you start an episode, you have to sit through the same credit sequence.) There's also ugly aliasing everywhere, but it's not that big of a deal with the retro look. Then the problems begin.I haven't finished all the episodes yet, but I found myself exceedingly frustrated by the gameplay, and not because I don't like text adventures. On the contrary!If you've played a lot of Infocom games or interactive fiction in general, you've probably grown accustomed to certain conventions. These include a certain style of movement with compass directions, abbreviated by their first letter. There's also (i)nventory and (h)elp, and there's generally no (u)se verb. Most importantly, you can play at your own pace; the text updates instantly, and the games often switch to a less verbose description for a room you've already visited. (With the possibility to see the original description with (l)ook.)Not so in Stories Untold. The parser is really bad and context sensitive. You have to wait for text to slowly roll into existence, and you always get full room descriptions. (Especially evident in the very beginning of the first episode. The description always starts with ""You pull up on the driveway..."" while you do that only once.) I went through the first episode pretty fast, since there wasn't much to do - had it been longer, it would have driven me insane with the forced waiting. The actual short story was OK, but the amount of writing left me wanting more.I thought the next episode would have improved/different gameplay, and fair enough: it briefly turned into an adventure-game-tech-gizmo-interaction fare, with the player following instructions. The first part here is reminiscent of ""Keep talking and nobody explodes"" which is nice. However, episode 2 also turns into a bad text adventure. Oh, and if you have to exit the game before finishing the chapter, you have to do all the tedious lab equipment twiddling all over again.Stories Untold will probably find its fans, there's a lot of good stuff here. I personally can't stand the forced waiting, especially when it feels like padding, and style over substance. Text adventures got it right a long time ago, no reason to reinvent the wheel. The second episode's ""follow the instructions like a good monkey, in this generic lab setting"" wasn't exactly fascinating gameplay either.Perhaps the unnecessary waiting is an artistic choice, perhaps it's there to make the gameplay a bit longer to justify the price. But it's there. All in all, the game is promising, but fundamentally flawed. It isn't fun to play."
,Recommended,558420,31869545,Posted: 20 May,all,ClapTrapObama,SPOILERS!!!The following is how i told a friend about the ending of  game and how i found a way to connectthe chapters where how he was dealing with guiltmixing the reality with fantasyi found the story depressing yet truei felt like i did something to deserve cancerlike there is a god and thats a punishmentbut noyou just mix fantasy with reality and try to come up with an answer that you can believea way to pretend it happend for a reasonthat your not responisble or in my case ama way to rationilize itbut in the end you have to realize there is no way to rationilize ityou just have to deal with the truth
,Not Recommended,558420,31187366,Posted: 16 April,all,Bugi,"The first 3 episodes are pretty darn great, the storytelling is amazing and new, but it all really falls flat in the end. I liked what they tried to do, but I completely lost my immersion and it just felt forced in the end. At the very least it would have been nice to have alternative endings, or something more ""supernatural"" just to leave a bit to the imagination.The hints buried in the first three episodes were great, but already from the beginning of episode 4 you knew what was gonna happen, and then you sit there and have to manually type it out despite not wanting to :/ That's not very true to the whole text based adventure game series."
76561197998783333,Recommended,558420,33066064,Posted: 30 June,all,--<{[(05C4R)]}>--,10/10
76561198071993687,Recommended,558420,31896520,Posted: 21 May,all,W1N5T0N,This is so good!! I'm already spooked out after playing the demo xD I'm typing this after purchasing the full version :)
76561198067127545,Not Recommended,558420,31522999,Posted: 3 May,all,Kinky-Rock,"Positive:+ Very strong, and scary, first episode, also the demo (made me get it asap.)+ Great use of sound+ Good story tellingNegative:- the other 3 episodes were less enjoyable.- The game also crashed a lot on my (not too shabby) PC. Since you then have to start the entire episode from scratch, you lose the built up tension, whilst building frustration.duration of the game: 3 hoursBecause of the crashes 4/10 - so not recommendedIf they were to be solved I would give it a 6/10, making it a game I would recommend when it is on sale for about 5 bucks."
76561198283832325,Recommended,558420,31053488,Posted: 9 April,all,paintivity.8189,"This is a really fun game that hackers back to text based games on the computer. I played the free demo and immediately bought the full game. If you think text based games can't be scary, think again. A lot of work went into everything to create a fantastic game. When I play the episodes, it feels like no time has passed but I have been playing for hours.https://youtu.be/Qw931WdHchc"
76561198032777622,Recommended,558420,31733572,Posted: 13 May,all,Conquistadork,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3ByjH-JTkM
76561198132375258,Recommended,558420,30283127,Posted: 2 March,all,bad@GG,Don't drink and drive
,Not Recommended,558420,32343761,Posted: 11 June,all,costastg,"House Abandon is a decent story. The rest of the game is pointless. Tries to be something like Firewatch and removes the text adventure mechanics. The puzzles are annoying and ridiculous from every aspect.The game is also badly-developed and even though there is minimal interaction, it is PC-performance-demanding for no reason.Also, enough with the car accidents. Lately, when a video game writer wants to add a supernatural touch to his story, writes about a $$#%#@ing car accident, injury, coma, etc and all is good. But it's getting boring. Try harder and write better stories.Oh, and the Stranger Things aesthetics is a nice touch however the rest of the game fails them."
76561197982853933,Not Recommended,558420,30739546,Posted: 25 March,all,JungleJollies[],"I really want to recommend this game, but I can't. Of the four cases: 2 & 3 have some real novely to them -- the puzzles are complex and technical. I found myself having to learn procedures and constantly make notes in order to solve them. I really loved this.However, cases 1 & 4 were rely too heavily on the old style text entry -- and they don't have a sophisticated enough vocabulary / set of synonymes. I found myself bumbling around, trying to do something that a knew was right, but having to work through each way of saying it, and often giving up and looking for the exact phrasing. I can accpet this as a love letter to an earlier era, but it was insanely frustrating: I don't like having to type in 15 variations on a simple idea. I hated having to slowly struggle through this interface in order to march along the rails towards a telegraphed, downer ending.If you have patience for this type of interface, and you don't mind working through a kind of unforgiving text-entry system, you might enjoy this game. I beat it, but despite 1-2 hours of pleasure, the 1 hour of frustration was enough to sour experience for me.I hope the devs make another game. I might even buy it, but I can't really recommend this one."
,Not Recommended,558420,32834777,Posted: 26 June,all,vb,"You're either battling crappy text adventure input parsers trying to figure out the exact phrases the developers decided you should use to progress, or following monotanous sequences which literally consist of nothing more than pushing a button or turning a dial.I started off liking it but by the third episode it was really wearing thin and I'd had enough when the game punished me hard for not noting down the radio frequency it had me enter 15 minutes ago and because of it I couldn't progress and am faced with the prospect of having to start the whole thing over again."
76561198150846588,Not Recommended,558420,32973343,Posted: 28 June,all,2RedShirt,"Although the presentation is interesting, the gameplay fights you every step of the way. It forces to to play at the slowest pace the devellopers thought they could get away with and punish experimentation and exploration. The introduction and credit sequece to each chapter is identical and unskipable.Let me be clear, this is not a game. It is a short, 4 chapter interactive story with little to tell. All the work and money spent on the visuals and presentation shpult have instead been placed on controls and story telling. It seems like devolver digital was on a mission to caricature the gameplay of FNAF and exagerate every ault thosee games have. This really felt like playing a giant middle finger aimed at someone else. There are much better games out there made in flash 5 years ago."
76561198008467395,Not Recommended,558420,34239665,Posted: 14 August,all,ioregan,"Interesting and cleverly designed ""episodes,"" but ends up being nothing more than a heavy handed public service announcement. VERY disappointing and cliched ""reveal"" makes the time spent feel like a waste."
,Recommended,558420,31879159,Posted: 21 May,all,Dick,to Developer: WiLl U mAdE MoRE oF dIS ?
76561198077096715,Recommended,558420,30268847,Posted: 1 March,all,CrashGameReviews,An excellent game with a creepy atmosphere and fun puzzles to solve.You start out inside of a house and you discover an old computer you turn on that computer and start playing a text adventure game.At times figuring out the proper word to use to continue can be a bit challenging but it never leaves you stuck for very long.It bring's a new spin on old text adventure games and does it very well.I sat on the edge of my seat waiting to see what was happening next.
76561197970648129,Not Recommended,558420,33243540,Posted: 4 July,all,appleblossom,It's rare for me to completely HATE a geme. But this one did it for me. Completely clunky interface--illogical puzzles--and painful playing experience.
,Not Recommended,558420,31307688,Posted: 22 April,all,uomoartificiale,"Very simplistic game. The only plus is the '80 retro estethic and some (isolated) example of clever writing. Very convoluted and yet superficial puzzles.It got inexplicably rave reviews and reccomendations, play only if you think you will like it after watching a playthrough of the first chapter.in my opinion, if you really like adventure games, you should play something better like Gone Home or Life is Strange."
76561198022227036,Not Recommended,558420,31476609,Posted: 30 April,all,rmp,"Graphics, voice acting, overall production values are excellent. I liked the story parts, but as I came near the end I guess I was hoping for a different kind of conclusion. That's vague, but I don't want to spoil anything.Unfortunately for me this is a thumbs down mainly because I did not enjoy the parts of the game that had me clumsily consulting manuals on old computers and Microfilm machines to activate tools and decipher codes. It made the puzzle solving in stories 2 and 3 tedious and like a chore. A couple of the text based adventure parts were a bit frustrating as well."
,Not Recommended,558420,35253997,Posted: 27 September,all,tamanegi taro [JP],"A clunky text based adventure. The player needs to type in actions in order to do things such as open door, read something etc. The problem is it has a very hard time actually understanding what you type and leads you back and forth every time you type in something that is not exactly how it should be worded.This is not the first game to do this but it should be the last."
,Not Recommended,558420,30347898,Posted: 5 March,all,Poisoned AL ☠,It's a nice idea to make games using old text based adventure games but the text parser in this is total and utter garbage! I don't think the dev ever actually played any old text based games as almost all the conventions are missing. Any mystery is lost in the frustration of trying to get the exact word the game wants. I gave up in the second episode. Nothing I typed in seemed to do anything and it quickly descended into typing in expletives and telling where the devs should shove their game.
76561198009593745,Not Recommended,558420,31834246,Posted: 18 May,all,Fifty Three,"Refund!!!The game crashes after the loading screen of the first act. I'm running an 8 CPU processor, 8 GB RAM Video Card, and 32 GB of RAM. I can't play the game. Not cool.I've tried it on different graphic settings, modes, added it to my safelist on my Anti-Virus, restarted the computer, uninstalled and reinstalled... None of these methods worked. Unacceptable!!!"
76561197996155116,Not Recommended,558420,30695447,Posted: 23 March,all,BluePsion,"This game is pretty terrible.  Good production values with crap stories and bad writing.  The text adventure segments are frustrating and slow.  I played the old text adventures and my first computer was a Commodore 64--they were never this slow or this aggravating.The s. l. o. w. speed of the text scroll really kills the atmosphere.  You'll find yourself hitting the keyboard and frustration to get to the next part.I could be wrong, but there is also pretty  much no choice in this game. This is not a walking simulator but at typing simulator?  Watch your favorite youtuber if you really need to see this, otherwise avoid."
,Not Recommended,558420,30257512,Posted: 1 March,all,dhart19,"Kind of dissappointed with this game. You apparently have to type very specific phrases to advance the story. I can't seem to figure out the phrases i'm supposed to type. Got a note from my dad, typed in what my dad said should do verbatem, and still nothing, tried thinking of every variation of that phrase, still nothing. And the other stories wont unlock until you finish the one i can't figure out. Cool beans.......Edit: Wow i'm getting alot of guff about this. Sorry i stand by my opinion, how can you tell me there is only one acceptable phrase to use in any given situation. Sorry that when I read something that DESCRIBES THE AREA I'M STANDING IN, I DONT THINK TO TYPE ""look around."" Why would i assume i need to look around more when i'm in an area that has been perfectly described to me? ""you enter your bathroom, you see the toilet and sink,"" but you have to type ""look around"" to have the toilet paper described to you, even though i just made eye contact with the toilet and the toilet paper is standing 1 foot away from him (probably cuz they're dating now). Why should me typing ""look for generator"" ""locate generator"" ""search for generator"" ""use generator"" "" DESTROY GENERATOR"" be different then ""look around,"" typing that then leads me to the generator sequence, where my only option is to turn it on anyways, bravo you've created this pointless extra text, that is only arrived at, and is completely crucial to the story by typing THE ONE specific phrase, after you have already entered the area the generator was supposed to be located at. I'm just saying, it doesn't allow for very much variation. For example in the car, it suggested you look in the glovebox, if it didn't suggest that, you more then likely wouldn't have said, ""open glovebox,"" (I garuntee 99% of you didn't try to search the trunk of the car, BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T SUGGEST THAT) so why when it tells me to find the generator, i go into the back yard, it says nothing about you see a generator, until you type the phrase ""look around"". Sorry I feel like it shouldn't have such a lock down on what the potential phrases can be, and maybe be a little more consistent on your ""puzzles."" Like why mention the glove box but leave the generator thing a mystery? Why not make us actively think to search this other persons car, but  when we are already in an area looking at something we have to type ""look around"" to actually see it?And sure, maybe i'm just stupid, but at least leave the others stories unlocked so i can try my stupidity on those, why lock me out of the entire game because I didn't know to type the specific phrase you wanted me to type.lol, the scene right after you turn the generator on:lol, walk in the door, says, there is a light switch.type: flip on lightswitch""we're sorry we dont understand what you mean""type: use lightswitch""we're sorry we dont understand what you mean""type: flick on lightswitch""we're sorry we dont understand what you mean""then type ""turn on light switch,"" and literally it says YOU FLICKED ON the lightswitch, after i just used that word choice....Pardon my language, but how the ♥♥♥♥ are you gonna use words in the response dialogue that describe my actions, when I CAN'T EVEN  USE THOSE WORDS TO RESPOND TO THE INITIAL CONFLICT.If people are talking about light switches, and yes it is the main topic of discussion for many people in this day and age, they are often throwing around the words flick and flip, why not just make the response possibilities a bit more open. I mean your response system should be set up to just look for a the few key words that are important with the lightswitch statement. I mean clearly the light was already off, so ""use lightswitch,"" should have turned it on, right? I mean it should be if anything, looking for the key words of ""light"" and ""on"" why does it matter how i say it, if those words are in a 3-5 word sentence, and one of my only potential actions at that point in the game is turning on a light (the only other would be to go back outside), its pretty obvious that I am indeed trying to turn the light on. Its not like when i walk in the option was there to turn the light off EVEN MORE. So any thing/phrase said about ""light"" or ""switch"" should have turned it on anyways. Anyhow, you guys make your potential answers a little more open, i'll change my review to recommend."
,Not Recommended,558420,30270513,Posted: 1 March,all,A.A.ron,"To keep it short- The game was great. However, I expected a text based game. Some parts of it was, and it was pretty good, but seeing the game marketed as one and finding myself walking around a frozen area in Greenland or something made me feel like I was in just another horror game.The storyline was really short, great, and actually leaves you thinking.The biggest problem I had with this game is Case 3. That was the point where the game lost everything. There was no imagination, just endless waves of radio puzzling and morse code crud. There's barely even significant lines until near the end of it. I wouldn't be suprised if they gave me Jumbo Jungle or some Sudoku. It was all work and no reward feeling.During the text parts, your word choice is very specific. For example, something like ""Turn on generator"" wouldn't register, but ""Activate generator"" would. Most of the text based parts are a pattern of ""Look around"" and ""Go to ___""In the end, the game takes all of its ties and bundles them together perfectly, making you think ""That's why ___!""This makes everything make sense, and still manages to add to the aesthetic of cluelessness.  Bottom line is that the game is pretty good, but for a ""text based adventure"" it desperately needs more text."
,Not Recommended,558420,30282491,Posted: 2 March,all,LazySumo,"I am going to be asking for a refund for this game for three simple reasons:First, a little bit of context: I played ALL of the Infocom games at release way back in the day, and loved them; I'm an old gamer. This is a good representation of those arts. (Yes, you had to fight the 'parser' to phrase your commands just so back then just like this!)But I think that the dev's missed the boat on these three things...1) You want me to play a text-based game yet in the first game there is so much of my real-world monitor space that is wasted! All of the 'action' happens on the little in-game monitor to the left. I get that other things will happen later on, but this is just wasteful.2) That in-game monitor... wow. Any monitor we had back in the day that flickered and bounced like that would have ended up on the trash heap. You always had the option of hooking up your C64 or Apple IIe to your TV set, so there were better ways to game. Seriously, that isn't what I remember it being like.3) The sequencing of the internal games. I *HAVE* to complete the first before I can play the second, third or fourth? Design a better meta-game, please. I don't mean that sarcastically. There are several reviews that say people are stuck here or there... give us a little more freedom to choose our path through your story. Both text-based adventures, and certainly the over-all artform is centered on user choice. Give us a little more room. By forcing the sequence you are betting the success of your last three games on me being able to complete or even like the first.There ya go!Thanks dev's for the effort, but this isn't my cup of tea at all."
,Not Recommended,558420,30287131,Posted: 2 March,all,Endspire,"ELi5: It's like reading a novel but the main characters actions are left blank, their actions have already been decided by the author, but it's up to you to fill in these blanks word for word. You basically just have to figure out what the author had written, and fill in the blanks he left.The author also never used a Thesauraus, so you can't expect it to recognize or accept common synonyms for often the most basic terms.It may be a fun game if your brain is trained to think this way, but even then, why not just go read a book?"
,Not Recommended,558420,33182645,Posted: 3 July,all,zarat.us,II dI donI don'tI don't unI don't undeI don't undersI don't understaI don't understandI don't understand wI don't understand whaI don't understand whatI don't understand what yoI don't understand what you aI don't understand what you areI don't understand what you are trI don't understand what you are tryiI don't understand what you are tryingI don't understand what you are trying tI don't understand what you are trying to dI don't understand what you are trying to do.
76561198239079076,Not Recommended,558420,30986385,Posted: 6 April,all,Previews,"WHAT IS THIS! This game is the worst game I have ever played. Zork was fun, so I was thinking this would be okay. NOOOOOO! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Go to back yard. ""I don't understand."" Go to yard. ""You walk around to the backyard."" ""You stand next to a generator."" Start. ""I don't understand."" Start generator. ""You start the generator."" Worst game EVER!"
,Not Recommended,558420,30327813,Posted: 4 March,all,sp55aa,"I don't know how to play this game, there is no manual or tutor in game."
76561197965646222,Recommended,558420,30377556,Posted: 7 March,all,ᕞᘜᒷᘴᖽᐸ,"If you are a kid from the 80s, go buy it! If you liked the 80s throwbacks on Mr. Robot and the feeling/design of Stranger Things (which includes classic 80s sci-fi elements), then you´ll love it!"
,Recommended,558420,30381798,Posted: 7 March,all,FeboxReborn,I loved it. It's just so much more than what it appears to be.
76561198000500840,Recommended,558420,30385420,Posted: 7 March,all,Captain Madrick,"I only played the first part so far, and it is already worth every penny. Wow. Dave would freak out."
,Recommended,558420,30390842,Posted: 8 March,all,chrissikills,"Stories Untold is not your typical Mystery-textadventure. It is better. The game contains four episodes that are unlocked after completing the previous one. They are different and have varying storylines that the player explores in various ways. Stories Untold is the horror game I needed in my life. Although it features minor jump scares and can be scary from time to time, its unique atmosphere kept me intrigued. While the episodes address different instincts and stages of fear, the complete game is full of metaphors and things that will make sense in the end. The game shows how blinking lights, few dialogues and strange noises can influence your reception of a text.The House Abandon starts as a nostalgic textadventure. The soundtrack in the beginning and the minimalistic setting would have taken me back to the 80s, if I had been alive back then. Instead, I was reminded of TV shows and films. The game certainly did a good job painting a picture in my head that was soon to be destroyed and replaced by a nightmare. As I proceeded the situation seemed to become more hostile and I was eager to receive an explanation. I was waiting for a sign – another noise, a number, a picture of Jesus. Anything. However, the game surprised me an we, the game and I, were playing with each other in a manner that I have encountered seldom.The Lab Conduct made me a lab assistant – or so I thought. The Sci-Fi setting reminded me of The X Files. Pressing buttons, adjusting settings and being unaware of the consequences of my experiments, things happened and I may or may not have been in Area 51. Up to this point, everything is unclear. All I know is this: Something is happening and I am not the one to give in. Stories Untold shows what text, blinking red lights and an alarm can do.The Station Process takes place somewhere in Greenland. I am in a remote weather station. I can hear the other stations, but cannot respond. We receive suspicious data and I have to decode whatever it is that we hear. Morse Code, NATO alphabet and a few tedious other riddles make this episode the most enigmatic. You can feel the 80s here. The tension is rising, reports are coming in that lead to more questions than answers. Honestly, I have no idea what I am doing until I leave the cabin and head out into the snowstorm. In first person perspective I need to find generators. Some time later I find myself in front of my computer, amazed.The Last Session is the final chapter that combines and concludes all previous episodes. Needless to say that this is all you need to know for now.Stories Untold evoked almost every emotion that I am capable of feeling. It is a little masterpiece that frightened, entertained, and stunned me. It combines text with cinematic and gameplay elements that amplify the experience and create something, for me, extraordinary. In case it has not become clear yet: You should probably invest 9,99 Euro and 2-4 hours and play Stories Untold.Retrospectively, the game offers you plenty of hints and by the time you finish the third episode, you should have a vague idea of what it is all about. That is to say the game wants you to pay attention to details while deliberately suggesting something completely different.https://keingame.de/stories-untold-stunning-textadventure-with-80s-flair-and-horror/"
76561198038610659,Recommended,558420,30420382,Posted: 9 March,all,buttaaa,One of the more unique games I have played in a while. It is not a long game by any means. I completed it in 2.6 hours but it was enjoyable the whole time through.All 4 episodes were fun and moderatly challenging and although there were some points that were slightly predictable overall it rewarding pieceing everything together up until the final episode.If you enjoy puzzles and want to try something that isn't run of the mill. I say give this game a shot.If you have someone to play with this is also rather enjoyable to just sit back and watch oddly enough!
76561198098451137,Recommended,558420,30430217,Posted: 10 March,all,Doc_Vicious,This game is so immersive and visually stunning. The constant interaction with the story made it that much more engaging. The perfectly placed jump scare every now and again made the experience even better. Really fun game overall. It was hard to stop playing it. The only gripe I have is that some of the commands don't work if you are one letter off which can be annoying when trying hundreds of commands for twenty minutes. This game is definitely worth the $10.
,Recommended,558420,30409880,Posted: 9 March,all,Lucky Kid,"Storie untold, might have just left a mark to be one hell of a great story-driven adventure game.And conciously but without going in furthermore I am NOT using the words Text adventure even though it highly relay on this subject.The game is divided into 4 episodes. 4 Episodes 1 nightmare, even though it doesn´t seem like it the name says it all.The first one ""the house abadoned"" is the Greatest text horror I´ve ever felt, with HUGE suprises it builds a tension and the feeling of fear every horror lover, every story lover even the people who aren´t into text adventures, will enjoy. The three other stories might count more as mystery then horror, the tension drops off,there is less immersion however leading to  nice and beautyful drops with many ""WTF.... is this really just a text adventure game?"" moments as well as explaining and telling a good story in a great way.I highly reccomend this game even though it might be frustrating due to the complicated puzzles that might occur in episode 3, yet this is just my only misery, might be just my own stupid beeing.Fantastic game nice story Tremendous build of huge tension even though it drops a bit after the first episode for the price of a fantastic storytelling, but still an amazing game with a perfect soundtrack in which you get more for your money then expected.Well done, I am asking for a second season :D"
76561197960282791,Recommended,558420,30419397,Posted: 9 March,all,Kyote,A very good little game that mixes old fashioned IF with modern graphics. It features a very 80s Twilight Zone-ish story that's a lot of fun.
,Recommended,558420,30403182,Posted: 8 March,all,WyndlPoons,"This game has a really good story that unfurls in an interesting way. I was a bit confused prior to purchasing this because the description of it was a text based game with point and click elements but all the screenshots are in 3d. Glad I bought it. Each 'episode' gradually introduces a new game element to the player. For example, Episode 1 is all text based, Episode 2 is text based + some point and click elements, Episode 3 has both but adds some first-person navigation. The text based parts can be a bit frustrating, but they can be worked through with some brain work and a little trial and error.Use the ""look around"" command. I didn't realize it existed and wasn't possible to get through Episode 2 without it. (I kept using ""look at"".Highly recommended!"
76561198000842176,Recommended,558420,30451389,Posted: 11 March,all,andrea.brenna,"This is really a great game. I suggest you to play it to the end, because everything in it acquires perfect sense. Even the title itself.The text adventure section parser could be improved (I had to check a walkthrough twice because I got stuck, but only because the game would accept a single phrase and not synonyms). Anyway it's perfectly aligned with the 80's feel... we ""old generation gamers"" had the same parser problem back then.Definitely a game you should try... on its way to becoming a little cult classic."
76561198064821511,Recommended,558420,30609788,Posted: 19 March,all,Defcon1,Is good
76561198008431181,Recommended,558420,30515270,Posted: 14 March,all,Moobloob,I really enjoyed the story and it was perfect difficulty for me.  Was able to figure everything out before I got frustrated and go to walkthroughs.  I hope to see better versions/sequels of this game coming out in the future. :)
,Recommended,558420,30516522,Posted: 14 March,all,Gamby,This game is a great way to kill 2 hours or so. I would say the only thing should work on is the player controlled movement parts.
,Recommended,558420,30458105,Posted: 11 March,all,LegatosServant,"I cannot tell you how much I utterly love this game. I have such difficulty taking ""horror"" storylines seriously because they've gone for a much more ""blood and guts!!!"" glory with no substance persona that I literally cannot identify with. However, ""Stories Untold"" is everything I love about horror and suspense. Text based horror of old, combined with just stellar graphics and dynamic stories that piece together beautifully. There aren't enough games like this in the world. This is ABSOLUTELY a must have!"
,Recommended,558420,30461534,Posted: 11 March,all,repdetect0,"Very nice, short self-contained narratives, included in a retro-cool wrapper. I enjoyed this very much for the price-point, and I still have some more to go. If there is a sequel, and it is even remotely similar in quality, then I will immediately wishlist it.NOTE: oldschool text adventure fans that are intrigued by this, the games are more unique than you may think, but are far less complex and convoluted than old text adventure games. As a matter of fact, they are rather straight forward even when the circumstances surrounding what you are doing are not in the realm of normal."
76561198031675511,Recommended,558420,30458711,Posted: 11 March,all,AngryBudgie,I didn't really know anything about this game before trying it and I think that was for the better. I was completely surprised and really enjoy this so far. This is exactly what storytelling in a game format should try to be. I feel like explaining anything at all about this game would ruin the experience. I will say I think anyone going into this with an open mind will enjoy it. It is made up of short 'stories' with some puzzle elements and overall it can be completed relatively quickly but I highly recommend it despite the short play time. Graphically I'm a sucker for retro themes/environments and this has it nailed. It is a pleasure to look at and the sound is perfect.
76561197989474571,Recommended,558420,30458932,Posted: 11 March,all,andiell,"Stranger Things the game!Superbly realised 80s creepy setting. Point and click / text based interface but do not let that put you off, it is thoroughly modern and well handled.Tips:Use headphonesTurn the light down......""Look around"""
,Recommended,558420,30482208,Posted: 12 March,all,Five_Twenty,"THIS GAMEI love it, how it uses the elements it posses all the way down to the second and third chapter which made me want to walk away and never return. It's beautiful.A game I will come back to to play, The story line was a little rocky at the beginnig, but was able to get a hold on quickly."
76561198046110062,Recommended,558420,30485494,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr.KillYoSelf,"Great game, love the text adventure, wish i could find more like these"
,Recommended,558420,30485318,Posted: 12 March,all,Mclovin,"Theres something about this game that makes it amazing.First of all its the Nostalgia. the game is set in the 80s and the music is really good and the game and music is pretty similar to the hit netflix original ""Stranger Things"" really great game. worth it"
76561197970869826,Recommended,558420,30620618,Posted: 19 March,all,TrueMole,"Gloriously terrifying, if a little frustrating at points"
,Recommended,558420,30626684,Posted: 19 March,all,LilSolty,"Short, but fun and atmospheric. The puzzles themselves are a bit of a grind."
76561197991137557,Recommended,558420,30621473,Posted: 19 March,all,BrianHammerhand,"Great idea and execution. If you are truly an old retro text adventure enthusiast you'll find some things like the directions take some getting used to. Rather than direct yourself with U, D, N, S, etc. you need to specify a key word to where you want to go. This may be more intuitive in the end, but it did make getting around to the side of the house in the first adventure a bit of a pain. Additionally, the items you can see and use are not highlighted, so you can be in a location with an object you are searching for and not know it.Otherwise the creepy factor, music, and overall atmosphere are good and the length of the first episode did not make me regret the lack of a game save feature."
,Recommended,558420,30623128,Posted: 19 March,all,✪j4soN ╰_╯,Excellent game!!!
76561198036350747,Recommended,558420,30641481,Posted: 20 March,all,qapitan,PROS-Original.-Surprising.-Really respect player's inteligence.-Innovative mix of gameplay mechanics.-Great atmosphere and sound.CONS-Feels short.-Unable to play if you're not and english speaker.-Some text commands need to be very precise to work.
76561198011459238,Recommended,558420,30653834,Posted: 21 March,all,SR212787,"It was almost a no. This game is very well made and is great. At times really takes you back while maintaining a modern feel.  That being said:Every area where you walk around (at least for me) my mouse kept clicking out of screen breaking immersion.The snow level was so blurry it hurt my eyes and again was breaking immersion.The text adventure at the end of the 4th chapter forcing you unwillingly through the story was cruel. We get it, we feel bad, did you need to add so many steps to start the car?Every chapter leaves you feeling somewhat confused and disappointed. I understood what was going on, but all the build up in every chapter lead to a flat end. No climax, just credits.Unfortunately not a whole lot of playability here.With all that being said, it is still a really fun game. Stick to the old feel and the puzzles.And what was with that alien nonsense?Again, I (think) understand the point, but it takes you away. The journey and puzzles were fun, but didn't flow with the rest of the story."
,Recommended,558420,30801656,Posted: 28 March,all,M.,"Four short X-Files-ish vignettes packed full of cool and clever ideas. A bit short, but priced accordingly."
,Recommended,558420,30808419,Posted: 28 March,all,the monotonist,"An extremely polished narrative and puzzle solving experience. There is a great attention to detail with the design and interactivity of the equipment used throughout the story. The game does a good job at making you feel smart. The story is cryptic and engrossing, which will keep you drawn to it all the way through.I am not someone who normally enjoys text adventures or puzzle-centric games, but this experience is easily one of my new favorite games.My only complaint is how some of the late-game text segments became so unclear that I lost my immersion in the story as I sat there trying to brute force my way through it."
,Recommended,558420,30806509,Posted: 28 March,all,Raven Ebonscale,It was a very very good game with lots of intresting mechanics. I lover every moment of it but the ending had to be the biggest let down for me i thought i was going to be something much more ceribrial but it was very stock in my opinion but it did have a B horror movie ending vibe with that said i would recommend this game a lot
,Recommended,558420,30885893,Posted: 1 April,all,The Geeky Gimp,"A unique, story-rich game that doesn't last very long - but it uses what little time it has with you to pack an emotional punch. There are four parts to the story, and once you start one, you can't quit without losing your progress. I kind of liked that, because it forced me to keep going, getting past my fears; any game that hints at jump scares usually has me saving and quitting every five minutes.Is it worth the money? Yeah, sure. Considering how much movie tickets are, this gives you more hours of fun and spoopy for half the price."
76561198216201464,Recommended,558420,30932520,Posted: 3 April,all,TRI,This is a very good game and I would personally recommend it for many people. Just a heads up. Watch out for some major lag on some stories if you don't have a decent processor. Plus there is a bug on story 3 that needs to be fixed and the bug is that the game crashes when you get only 7 minutes in the story. Otherwise the game is very cool and spooky.
76561197995715838,Recommended,558420,30932285,Posted: 3 April,all,Gerer,"Simply fantastic.Great story and overall very satisfying to play. Not much replay value, but it's worth the price for the experience alone.  It's a game that'll stick with you afterwards.Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,558420,30915228,Posted: 2 April,all,Pugachev,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy it. Play it. Love it.
76561198037214557,Recommended,558420,30930214,Posted: 3 April,all,Chromozo,"Great! Simply Great. An amazing ride the whole way through, with an amazing story being unfolded as well as tension that was at the perfect amount to keep you on your toes. I'm not one for games like this, but this one was worth it. Amazing message being portrayed aswell. 10/10"
76561197971884386,Recommended,558420,30821305,Posted: 29 March,all,Vormulac,Goes beyond what I thought a text adventure could.  Any more information would spoil it.
,Recommended,558420,30915601,Posted: 2 April,all,Bionic Babe,"Please, I beg the developers... Make another one. This was an amazing experience. A complete mindf*** yet an emotional rollercoaster at the same time. I was crying by the end. So well made. A fantastic story that was beautifully told and the game play had different elements in each story so it kept that part of it interesting too. Love the intros and format of each story.Thank you for this. Seriously. It seems like it is difficult to make something truly immersive now adays without it being something in VR. Yet you achieved that. Thank you."
76561198081420212,Recommended,558420,30868106,Posted: 31 March,all,CAPTAIN NAPALMZ,"This game is both horrifying and mysterious and the asthetic feel of the game was on point for it being an 80s sci-fi or Horror film not to mention the soundtrack. As the story unfolded, i was intrigued and clueless for some of the twists and turns in each episode and it definately dosent give much away. Although price wise i would wait until it is 50% off or 70% as there is only four episodes and replayability is limited.Either way, i highly recommend this game9/10I wouldn't be suprised if this gets a Stranger Things spin off episode, hope it does :)"
,Recommended,558420,30835019,Posted: 30 March,all,Zaarin_2003,"Hands up who is old enough to remember text adventures? Yep, me too. I've played a few back in the day. Despite that, I've never played anything like Stories Untold before, and that includes text adventures, which this game successfully tries to evoke.I went in knowing this game was not going to be a *normal* text-adventure. I also knew that it was a horror (how can it be a horror?).I expected interesting things and was not disappointed. The game managed to be constantly surprising, right until the end.I really don't want to spoil anything, so will simply say that you should go in with an open mind. If you're too young to remember playing this type of game, don't worry, it really isn't that type of game...""Go to store page.""""Click buy""""Click install...""""...play game."""
76561197976854078,Recommended,558420,30864005,Posted: 31 March,all,Hevige Tim,"Very atmosperic little game!Builds up the tension in each chapter really well, but the last chapter (in which the stories come together) is a little disapointing (to me at least). However, this doesn't take away the thrill of the first three chapters!A bit short, but very entertaining and well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,558420,30949991,Posted: 4 April,all,Terrien,"Stories Untold combines a few types of gameplay into a retro-feeling cinematic tetralogy that really works.Tied together you will find text-based elements along with puzzle-solving/codebreaking, and brief moments of first-person exploration. The lines between reality and simulation blur, as we traverse through a computer game, lab experiments, and a frozen outpost reminiscent of John Carpenter’s “The Thing”.The music has real character, the storyline is gripping to the point of absorption, and it has just the right amount of spookiness without overdoing it.Highly recommend this title.Playthrough videos:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8uEQbV3Aiq0hIAorJysbGZ8htuqaPWYK"
,Recommended,558420,31309192,Posted: 22 April,all,BanannaMoon,"A well-put together horror experience that feels very familiar but becomes very tedious at times. The way it chooses to tell it's story is very interesting and obviously Pony Island inspired, a spiritual successor in ways and a clear step-up.Very mundane at certain points, sometimes just number puzzles and following instructions, a guided tour through it's world. And that's fine, but it gets old very fast. (Looking at you, episode three.)While the horror and mystery of it all is well put together, the ending, and by extension almost the entire last episode, is a cavalcade of reveals that, while interesting to see how they all connect to the other episodes, are all pretty disappointing. A lot of retreading of familiar horror tropes and ""oh man was it all a dream"" type stuff. Bluh.The format and way No Code has pulled all of this off is amazing, and the overall experience is a lot better then these two complaints of mine. (Although I'm sure they're big enough to sour it for some.) I doubt they could have done it any better with the story they chose to tell, I only wish it didn't feel so... unoriginal in some of it's story. The execution is certainly the best I've seen, 3/4's of the time.Best of luck to No Code in Season 2, and in game making.3/4 OR 6.5/10Also the soundtrack is very synthy and too short."
76561198351220633,Recommended,558420,30365103,Posted: 6 March,all,A Sound Soul,"While i do not like horror games, this one is quite good. Its not your typical jump scare. Id recommend for anyone that would at least like to try a horror game for the first time."
76561198159117563,Recommended,558420,32803399,Posted: 25 June,all,BizarroPete,"While I was able to complete this puzzle game in only three hours, I thought it was very interesting, and at $5 (sale price) I felt it was worth it. I loved the 80's sci-fi/mystery/horror theme, and I liked the variety of puzzles (it's not just a text based adventure game). The only negative I can think of is that I got stuck a few times because I had trouble figuring out exact wording I need to use."
,Recommended,558420,32780350,Posted: 25 June,all,hylian bun,"This game was pretty fun and creepy.Although during chapter 3 there is a whole section where the controls are difficult to use and the scrolling of dials could be better but other than that it was a lot of fun and had a good retro vibe.A saw a few reviews saying the ending was predictible, which it was, but I still thought it was handled well and was definitely worth the sale price!"
76561198267657090,Recommended,558420,32698576,Posted: 23 June,all,hszanto1,"It was a lot of fun! Definitely recommend, even though I have never played these types of games before."
,Recommended,558420,32812330,Posted: 26 June,all,etf,"even though the end was a little weird, it's not as bad as a lot of the people here make it seem.episode one is great, and its the first timee i get jumpscared my a text based gameepisode two is pretty good.episode three is really god, it builds up a scary momentum like GOOD horror films and games do!episode four is good, but not as good as the others. it kinda connects all the other episodes in a way"
,Recommended,558420,32750831,Posted: 24 June,all,Mabatu Abboo Ny'ongo,Great Game
,Recommended,558420,32825176,Posted: 26 June,all,theKLAW,I may never sleep again.
,Recommended,558420,30264618,Posted: 1 March,all,grovylepika,"The atompshere was great in all four episodes, and the story was engaging. While there were some cheesy parts, particularly in episode 1, they were forgiveable and I get the feeling they were supposed to be cheesy due to the nature of the game. Despite the stock horror elements, this episode gave me this sense of uneasiness which upon built upon in each of the following episodes.I found the gameplay enjoyable for the most part. Unlike some of the reviewers, I didn't have that much trouble with the text adventure parts. I failed to get the game to undestand what I was saying a few times but it wasn't that bad, though I kind of wish that the text moved a little faster or appeared all at once so you wouldn't have to wait so long for the text to appear before you could type anything. It wasn't that big of a deal, though.The one part I didn't particulary enjoy was episode 3 with its clunky controls, blurry images and broadcasts I had a hard time making out, particulary the morse code bit. The whole thing felt like an eye and ear exam than anything else. And it's a shame because it was pretty well written. Don't be ashamed to use a walkthrough for the ""puzzles"" here. The only reason I didn't was because I was too proud to do so and I ended up wasting several hours on just that one episode."
76561198004619354,Recommended,558420,30232473,Posted: 27 February,all,NICKTHEBASTARD,"First off, I'd like to say that the story and the atmosphere this game creates are fantastic, and really drew me in quickly, the 80's style of the game is great and the visuals and music are spot in (would have been nice to have a volume option though). While I would recommend it, I still have a couple of gripes though. Because the story is so good it can become frustrating when you know what you have to do, but can't seem to find that magic line of text you need in order to progress, this happened a couple of times and it really took away my sense of immersion. This however whas nowhere near enough of a reason for me to not recommend this game, if you like a good, dark, immersing story (especially if you like shows like stranger things) then give it a shot, it's probably right up your street."
,Recommended,558420,31166513,Posted: 15 April,all,[TLW]Todd3001,"Great game,  but turn down your volume its fricking loud."
,Recommended,558420,31142064,Posted: 14 April,all,everyoneisanyone,"This is an exceptionally good short horror game!! It genuinely scared me in a few places, and was great at building tension and dread. I played through it in two sittings and would highly recommend it to fans of 1980's horror films, Twin Peaks and Stranger Things."
,Recommended,558420,31137358,Posted: 14 April,all,xALRock,A clever puzzle game that keeps you guessing.  nice game to skim off a few hours of your day to.
,Recommended,558420,31145864,Posted: 14 April,all,ikigod,"This is an absolutely beautiful game! Thoroughly enjoyed stepping back and enjoying pre-digital tech & games, and that first episode/level The House Abandon was so creepy! Love it :D Very creative, and very slick, last chapter could be tightened a little but rounded it all off nicely!"
,Recommended,558420,31188301,Posted: 16 April,all,B L E E C h,"This was absolutely brilliant. The first chapter in particular just turned my mind upside down at one point. I won't say too much about it because I wouldn't want to spoil it but playing this was a great experience, incredibly immersive.My only complaint is that the lack of a reverse mouse option ruined the immersion of the second to last chapter for me. Otherwise, 10/10. Anyone who likes indie gems/narrative based games like Firewatch will love this."
,Recommended,558420,30234556,Posted: 27 February,all,Chaz,"A lot of people have sung their praises about this game's first adventure, the remastered edition of The House Abandoned. This praise is absolutely well-deserved, and I thoroughly loved it as well!However, the episodes following this game have been something of a different beast entirely, and I mean that in the best possible way. I've played through The Lab Conduct and have started on The Station Process, and both games, while still involving typing text-based elements, also have more tactile, interactive interfaces. The Lab Conduct in particular was very interesting, asking you to solve puzzles by making use of lab equipment and following the instructions given to you.This is a very fresh experience in text-based horror, and I am already in love. I'm looking forward to finishing The Station Process and playing The Final Session!"
,Recommended,558420,30291928,Posted: 3 March,all,Deltarr,"An excellent story, full of mysteries.This game is short, yes, but excellent ! Each of the 4 episodes are well designed and interesting.The concept behind this game reminded me of old TV Shows like ""The Twilight Zone"".If you love good storytelling and spoky ambiance, give this game a try !"
76561198031769444,Recommended,558420,30283252,Posted: 2 March,all,Voidmaster05,"I've only played the first level, but I wanted to take the time to give this game the shining review that it deserves. It's a short, text-based but visually supported horror adventure of superb writing and delightful eerie-ness. It comes with 4 different parts, and if the first is an indication, the remainder will be absolutely fantastic!If you're on the fence, play the free demo available online called The House Abandon. If you want more you know where to go."
,Recommended,558420,30278252,Posted: 2 March,all,The Intersect,"I loved this game...Very atmospheric, very scary, vert very good.It definitely doesn't hold your hand through the game - it gives you just enough to think about so you can figure what to do.Given the nature of the game you'll get the best experience going in blind. The less you know the more fun it will be.Awesome!"
,Recommended,558420,30279367,Posted: 2 March,all,pope_poopinderp,"So cool. Creepy but not the typical people juping out to scare you. Makes a great, creepy atmosphere.Only downside, its a lttile short. I cant wait till more comes out!"
76561198056446430,Recommended,558420,30277869,Posted: 2 March,all,Angelica.Tasumin,"'Stories Untold' is a seriously mind-disturbing text-centred adventure horror game.The ambiance is great and the music adds to the 80's computer game style without getting too repetitive.Though there are hardly any jump scares this game is captivating from the very start.While at first the four parts appear to have no connection whatsoever, they're nicely interwoven in the final part.The developers managed to conceal the true story until the very end while hinting at certain aspects without giving away too much at an early stage.Small drawback: there were two moments in this game where it took me over ten minutes to figure out the correct command, since they had to be pretty accurate and were really hard to guess; which is a shame because otherwise the game mechanics work quite well.Overall it's an extremely impressing indie-horror game that won't be easily forgotten and is definitely worth its money!"
,Recommended,558420,30309669,Posted: 3 March,all,Dankrat,"Well, what can I say about this?First of all, I love the 80s and everything in this era. The synth driven music, the early technology, everything.PROS:Story: The story told in this game is breathtaking, shocking and pays off very well. Being a writer, I'm a stickler for finding plot holes and picking stories apart, but this game gets a 10/10.Gameplay: Not usually a fan of point-and-click adventures, but this brings a few different elements to the table. Everything was smooth, the text-based ""missions"" aren't difficult if you've done them before. Newcomers will pick it up quicikly. Gameplay as a whole gets 9/10.Voice Acting: I have to make a note of how well done the voice acting was. I don't know what it was exactly, but it made me feel like I was living in the 80s. Fantastic 10/10.Graphics: Very pretty game, and instead of relying on a lot of special effects and complicated character modelling, this game relys on atmospheric lighting and scenery. The sense of claustrophobia you get in some parts is overwhelmingly awesome. 10/10.Sound Effects: Aside from the story, the sound effects are BY FAR the best part of this game. The sound of the keyboard clicking away (all keys properly assigned; enter, spacebar, etc.), the sound of the old tvs turning on and off, the sounds of the old tech and machinery. Over and beyond what I expected 11/10.Cons:It ended too soon. It only took me about 2 hours to complete the whole game, but for less than $10 and a fantastic story I really cannot complain. I just wish I could keep playing for 2 more hours!Final Thoughts: If you're on the fence about picking this up (which I was for a few days), do yourself a favour (sale or not) and pick this game up. It's a great experience and it's not as slow paced as you might imagine.Thought provoking, inspiring, dark, atmospheric & wild. I give this game a 10/10 without a doubt.- Matty"
,Recommended,558420,30302900,Posted: 3 March,all,NanoNarse,"Stories Untold is an experimental game that mostly succeeds.Focusing on atmospheric horror, you'll find yourself genuinely unnerved as the mystery unfolds around you. Jump scares are used very sparingly, and always subtly and respectfully. Locking your perspective to a limited view in front of you forces the game to focus on audio and lighting cues to unsettle you, so I heavily recommend playing with headphones in a dark room. Hearing things happen around me and being unable to look around was a great move. I often felt the need to look behind me in real life to calm those nerves. Without spoiling, these kind of scares can only be executed in a video game. To me, this is horror done right.The gameplay can be frustrating at first, especially if you're new to text-based adventure games. The only tutorial offered at the start is a line of text in the loading screen that can be easily missed. Acceptable text responses themselves are fairly limited, and the game sometimes completely misunderstood my inputs to do the opposite of what I wanted. Once you get a hang on the game's internal logic, though, gameplay flows at a nice pace.Puzzles between each of the stories are varied. You'll interact with hospital/scientific equipment, radios and occasionally walk around (though this comes with frame rate issues), keeping the text-based gameplay from feeling stale. Puzzles themselves mostly involve following instructions. While not being challenging, they do force you to consider your actions and take in the horror.At some point, the horror gave way to the intrigue of the story. You can figure 90% of it out by the second story if you're paying attention, but the game continues to drip feed interesting revelations up to the 4th story, where everything ties together in a satisfying way. While short (~4 hours), it's complete and doesn't overstay its welcome. I'd recommend setting aside an evening to play it through in one sitting for the best experience.The game is priced fairly. If you're interested enough to read this, you should have a good time. If you have reservations, there's no harm in waiting for a 50% sale when its flaws will be much more forgivable."
,Recommended,558420,31113804,Posted: 13 April,all,ムジ,stranger things vibe <3
,Recommended,558420,31137039,Posted: 14 April,all,Freaky Drunk,"Excellent modern-version of interactive fiction. Pretty short, but about the right length. The stories work well individually and as a whole."
,Recommended,558420,30306471,Posted: 3 March,all,benplaysvidyagames,"I haven't finished this game quite yet, but I can already tell it's going to be one of my favorites of 2017. It's like Twilight Zone, but in video game form. In other words, it's an experience you'll not soon forget."
76561198050776492,Recommended,558420,30306610,Posted: 3 March,all,crookeddeath,"So this game's atmosphere is 100% the reason that I loved this game.I will 100% say how annoying it is in really intense moments trying to guess the exact phrasing the game is looking for.The puzzles are not nearly as complicated as I made them out to be lol.As soon as I figured them out I realized that they are fairly easy I was just lazy.However, the story is very good  and if you love the atmospher and lo-fi of Stranger Things you will love this!I hope they make more games like this or make another season of this game!"
,Recommended,558420,30305485,Posted: 3 March,all,Jesse McCree,"I admit, I have not played this game too long (Don't be fooled by the time on file, if you exit the game, you lose your progress for the chapter, and I'm a big baby and keep leaving the game running) but I am in complete love. The atmosphere created by this game is simply astounding. I physically jolted a few times by the most basic of things. It's a little tedious sometimes, but so worth it. Highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,558420,30310595,Posted: 4 March,all,tehgargoth,"Fun, cute and cuddly."
76561197962473519,Recommended,558420,30326325,Posted: 4 March,all,Caff,"Brilliant! Deep and clever, with an incredible unfolding story."
,Recommended,558420,30334037,Posted: 5 March,all,Nutbusta Knox,"I recommend this game more for its novelty than for its quality. I found the first ""episode"", The House Abandon, to be by far the most immersive and rewarding. Unfortunately it's also the shortest. I grew up playing MUDs and so I have to give this game a thumbs-up for the nostalgia if nothing else.This game could have been something really amazing if the devs had done more play testing. Things get particularly annoying when the game expects you to type a specific phrase which it showed you a few screens ago and there's no way to recall if you've forgotten it except by looking up a walkthrough or just restarting. There are also a couple points in the game when you have to play first-person walking sim with WASD+mouse and maybe it's just me but the lack of options for aim sensitivity / Y-axis inversion made those segments really painful.Still, the first episode knocked my socks off enough to warrant a positive review. It's currently priced at just under $10 which I think is too much for a 3-4 hour game. Pick it up on sale sometime for under $5 if you want to try something new."
,Recommended,558420,30335245,Posted: 5 March,all,Spooky Ol' Untrustable,"This primarily text based horror game has gone above and beyond my expectations. With an aesthetic that bring to mind the Netlix series 'Stranger Things' and a proper dose of mystery, Stories Untold revels in the strange and mysterious. With parallels to other media like Slaughterhouse Five its combined parts that have been borrowed from other sources come together in a cohesive whole greater than the sum of its parts. Is it youtuber jump scare scream scary? Asolutely not, but you will come away satisfied with the outcome. At its full asking price of $9.99 its a steal. If you like the 80's visual aesthetic mixed with the mind messery of things like Slaughterhouse Five and Jacobs Ladder definitely check this one out."
,Recommended,558420,30332875,Posted: 5 March,all,A WIZARD,"I gave it a 9/10 until the last chapter, then it was about a 4/10Super creepy where it wants to be, very mysterious and atmospheric. It felt very satisfying to figure these puzzles out.Then the fourth chapter came and threw that out the window. I spent most of an hour trying to get over this one teeny-tiny little detail before I went to a walkthrough, and got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the solution.*SPOILER WARNING*Do NOT type ""Put BOTTLE inblue car"". You must type ""put WHISKEY in blue car"" because if you type bottle, it assumes you want to pour the bottle into the car, but if you type whiskey...well then you pour the bottle onto the driver and move on. Why only one word works, but the other doesn't, when both words have been interchangable to this point is weird and frustrating in itself. But then, the very reason one word doesn't work is the same reason the other word DOES work. That's stupid, and it feels like the text-based equivalent of pixel-hunting.Then, when you're back in the hospital, you have to press one of the buttons on the recorder, not the recorder itself. There is no interaction with the orb. You can pick up an object off the file cabinet, but I'm not sure what it does or what it even is. I still don't even know what button you need to press because the only one that's labelled is record, but that's not the one you press.I walked in, thinking I had to either hit a button on the recorder or do something with the orb. So, I clicked on the recorder, and nothing happened. Then, I clicked up the row of buttons, though I obviously missed the very button I was supposed to press. Then I wandered around for another 15 minutes before going back to the walkthrough.So, if I hadn't gotten stuck there on that crap, it's a 10/10, easy. These two super minor details needlessly interrupted the game and just made me angry"
76561198253806532,Recommended,558420,30333018,Posted: 5 March,all,Objectopus,Great story telling
,Recommended,558420,30330278,Posted: 4 March,all,Bryton,"Lights Off, Headphones On*Engageing and Interesting puzzles*Really cool storyHighly, Highly recomend this game!"
,Recommended,558420,30330370,Posted: 4 March,all,Rayden47,Love this game so far. Recomend playing by yourself for better experience. well worth the buy.
,Recommended,558420,30311955,Posted: 4 March,all,Marvelnerd,Honestly one of the best games I've played in a very long time. Each episode is equally as interesting and terrifying and the ending blew me away. Would love to see more of this in the future.
76561198086920201,Recommended,558420,30356264,Posted: 6 March,all,Loyal_AG,"This game is good. No doubt. HOWEVER, the redundant road blocks and specific phrasing is really frustrating. I've played browser based text games on tumblr that are smoother than this (definitely not a tumblr fan♥♥♥♥, just saying). Overall though I got through this is just a few hours, definitely worth the $10 or so it is currently listed. The game drops off in regards to how smoothly it flows in the late 3rd, and 4th chapter. The puzzles aren't the issue it is the  specific terminoligy which makes the came frustrating to advance on with. For example, saying, ""Go to car"", I spent more time figuring the terminoligy than the actual puzzles themselves.  I'd go further but dont want to spoil. The excessive, ""I'm sorry I dont understand"" really ruins immersion, and the atmosphere the devs shoot at. Make no mistake thought, for $10, it's worth the money, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561198101098508,Recommended,558420,30350326,Posted: 5 March,all,Reznik,"Very enjoyable game that perfectly blends music and storytelling to convey a sense of dread and wonder. Some of the controls in Chapters three and four are a bit wonky but I believe that is done on purpose. Overall, one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences I have had in a long time."
76561198041826040,Recommended,558420,30351796,Posted: 5 March,all,Outfoxt,"This game is amazingly fun and immersive. I wish more game developers would be as creative. Do as the instructions recommend and turn the lights, put your headphones on, and sink right in."
,Recommended,558420,30350847,Posted: 5 March,all,Jonneybro,"If you're like me, you like point and click games / typing games and you want a good story game, then you have just fumbled apon a great, GREAT game. PLEASE buy this cheaply priced (but super super well made) game and have yourself a few hours of fun and enjoy the great stories and the unknown possiblites that lies ahead you."
76561198000710280,Recommended,558420,30325832,Posted: 4 March,all,MonkeyHarris,"A fantastic calling card for the developer No Code - this is a quality indie game that thrills and chills with some smart puzzles and design.  It wears its Carpenter/Stranger Things influences on its sleeve and has a great soundtrack too (check out ""The House Abandon - OST"" on SoundCloud).  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,558420,30309063,Posted: 3 March,all,Plato Karamazov,"MORE, PLEASE!!!This game is friggin brilliant.I love how they turned the first episode (made for a game jam a few months ago) and expanded it into a compelling story, about which I will keep my mouth shut.This is the first text adventure game I've ever played, and I absolutely loved it.A word of advice to fellow players: In Episode 3, you can zoom and focus on the microfilm using the sliders above the buttons."
76561197974060304,Recommended,558420,30345970,Posted: 5 March,all,GasLitTales,Simplistic controls with nothing that takes you out of the moment. No spoilers but the ending was well worth the journey. Great game great price great... everything.
76561197963382257,Recommended,558420,30347168,Posted: 5 March,all,Kim,"I was skeptical at first cause i am a wuss sometimes, but i gathered all my forces to push the ""buy"" button.And, Men, i don't regret it, this game is amazing, the stories ;) are amazing !I hope for more games like this !!!The only cons :- Sensitivity is extremely high at some stages (nothing unbearable)- A save would be nice for people playing with segmented time"
76561198031944104,Recommended,558420,30300922,Posted: 3 March,all,KanLnw,great game. great dialog. great story. great gameplay.
,Recommended,558420,30268264,Posted: 1 March,all,Pastah,"Good game, but get ready to play at <10 FPS at the end of the game."
,Recommended,558420,31695476,Posted: 11 May,all,Oneupgamer,"OH MY GOD! THAT WAS AMAZING! This is a perfect example of how you don't need super complex mechanics and control schemes to make a great game. Good design, and smart puzzels is all you need. Though the face this games story is also awesome certainly doesn't hurt. It's a truely great and original game. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,558420,31798964,Posted: 16 May,all,HumbleTone,"An indie masterpiece that will stick with you, no doubt. Highly recommended- play it!"
,Recommended,558420,31716870,Posted: 12 May,all,The Game Eater,"Pros:+Fantastic and spooky atmosphere.+Slick presentation. Very much Stranger Things-esque. The parallels are definitely there, but not a ripoff.+Good voice acting.+Interesting gameplay that combines text-based adventuring with first person P.O.V. and neat puzzles. Really experimental and it works! Doesn't feel awkward or bad.+The opening episode is fantastic. Super creepy.+The buildup to the finale is awesome. Eerie and dread-inducing.Cons:-Extremely short for $10. As in, 150 minutes will finish the game and net you all achievements. Sale worthy.-One of the most disappointing endings that could've been delivered. It's a complete story and the ending doesn't feel improvised but what a waste of potential. Do not hold your breath for some popcorn-worthy revelation. It's so depressing and just not interesting enough.-No real reason to revisit once completed.-Letterboxes. That is all that needs to be said.Arbitrary Review Score: 6/10Joke Review Score: MADD Ad/1986"
,Recommended,558420,31746236,Posted: 14 May,all,CorpRoberts,Excellent nostalgia nightmare
52112824349962294,Recommended,558420,31741318,Posted: 14 May,all,PeuRaven,Nothing comes close to explaining how well put together this is.I truelly enjoyed this with every bit of me.
,Recommended,558420,31736977,Posted: 13 May,all,TheNob,Goose bumps guaranteed.
,Recommended,558420,31866973,Posted: 20 May,all,Jim,A collection of short games that create an interesting and thought provoking story through various genres and a retro aesthetic. Best fiver I've spent on steam.
,Recommended,558420,31865660,Posted: 20 May,all,Master_Criskywalker,"I found the game very interesting, with great graphics, but I didn't like the fact that the text parser seems limited and doesn't understand commands it should understand. I'll probably check it out again when I recover some of my patience lost in the 80's."
,Recommended,558420,31871100,Posted: 20 May,all,kristianwilsonwriting,"Fantastic game. Feels like playing through four interconnected episodes of Black Mirror, with the added bonus of a mid-80s, Stranger Things aesthetic."
,Recommended,558420,31876044,Posted: 20 May,all,IAm3osh,"It's short, but it tells a very good story. Highly recommended!"
76561198016344269,Recommended,558420,31874073,Posted: 20 May,all,Scoindy,A great way to spend a wet weekend; even if the parser used in episodes 1 & 2 had me pulling my hair out :-)
76561198019277373,Recommended,558420,31873252,Posted: 20 May,all,Nevara1013,"I really liked this game. It's clever and unique. The stories were mysterious, creepy and intriguing. The ending left something to be desired for me personally, but it doesn't diminish the game. Highly recommend."
76561197988155417,Recommended,558420,31868682,Posted: 20 May,all,Dees,Was an incredibly fun game if you like simple puzzles and the nostalgia of old text driven games.
76561197970014330,Recommended,558420,31861666,Posted: 20 May,all,Khaosmarine,"This is a game that just begs to be played and not spoiled by watching anything on You Tube or reading up on it.  Just buy the game and play it.  I would like to think no one will be disappointed, I certainly wasn't.It's an old school game with a horror theme to it, the soundtrack leans very heavily '80s electronic / Stranger Things and adds just the right atmosphere and tension to a game whose narrative sucks you in right from the word go.  You truly want to know what happens next.I can't recommend this game highly enough.  The first part alone took me back to my youth on my Spectrum 48k (UK equivlent of Commodore 64 to those of you that have no idea what a Spectrum 48k is)."
,Not Recommended,558420,31877044,Posted: 21 May,all,foxumon,"Game play and atmosphere speaking there's a lot cool stuff going on, but there's also some tedious bits in chapter 3 and it's often not apparent what specific language the text based portions of the game are looking for.  And it needs a serious computer to play it...which is kind of baffling since it's largely text based.But the overarching storyline...it left me feeling utterly demoralized.  I was under the impression this was a fun creepy sci-if romp with an 80s vibe, not a public service announcement."
76561198012335008,Recommended,558420,31833876,Posted: 18 May,all,Dwight Privilege,Clever execution of a memorable story. I loved it.
,Not Recommended,558420,31901036,Posted: 22 May,all,Paul,"A message to myself, sent back in time:You'll enjoy the first three episodes, but then be extremely disappointed with the ending sequence. The game is really unique and it plays with your imagination, but when you really find out what's going on, you'll think... oh. Bleh. You'll have really hoped that it would have culminated in the mystery/conspiracy that it seemed to be building.Having grown up in the 80s, you'll notice two anachronisms: the ""standby"" power symbol on the TV and radio, and the hand-sanitizer dispensers. It's a tiny thing, though.I haven't a clue whether Person-X would like it, but I don't recommend it to me.."
,Recommended,558420,31909278,Posted: 22 May,all,Levenn,"This game is like a really good book. Once you pick it up you can't put it down.I completed this game in 4 hours, and every minute was so satisfying.I highly recommend you give this game a try even if you think it might not be your thing, because its games like this that change your whole perspective on text an puzzle based games."
76561198003882749,Recommended,558420,31906613,Posted: 22 May,all,ShawnVkessler,"Fantastic premise, and a fantastic experience. Some puzzles can be a little frustrating but just stick with it. The ending is an amazing revalation."
76561197981588360,Recommended,558420,31912381,Posted: 22 May,all,40GallonTophat,"tl;drAn enjoyable interactive story.  7.5/10Ps & Cs+ Beautiful graphics+ Good minimalist design+ Decent story- Text adventure needs a lot of work- Frequently not clear of next stepNitty GrittyControls:The game is split into 3 different modes: Text Adventure, x-ray technician, and communications technician.  The latter two are handled quite well and it was quite fun.  However, the Text Adventure portion was fairly poorly designed.  Many commands are not programmed in and you will frequently find yourself enter several dozen commands trying to find the one they want.Gameplay:*Very minor spoiler* As 4 separate vignettes, it's quite good.  However, all of the vignettes are poorly strung together into a sloppy whole.Graphics:Beautiful game.  Each area is fully fleshed out and realized.Sound:The sound is great.  The voice acting is quite good.  I recommend playing with headphones.7.5/10"
76561198070396628,Recommended,558420,30304452,Posted: 3 March,all,Slime on toast™,I don't really know where to begin with this gem; like Stranger Things meets a meta-text based adventure with a beautiful 80's tone.It does get incredibly challenging in places (the hardest game I've actually ever played!) but the pay off is MORE than worth it.10/10 sad onions!
76561197992611153,Recommended,558420,30334648,Posted: 5 March,all,Spoco,"An Excellent game, addictive, short but fun with good stories and dialog , played first 2 chapters and looking forward to playing the other 2 soon. Well worth the time and money for a bit of retro"
,Recommended,558420,30319859,Posted: 4 March,all,SUPER HOT SUPER HOT,Clever. Scary. Just get it.
,Recommended,558420,32690117,Posted: 23 June,all,Grey Moth,"Why aren't you playing this already?Untold Stories is a 'episodic' thriller that uses the UNITY engine in remarkable ways. It's incredibly hard to get anyhting across about this game without spoiling the entire plot behind it, so bear with me.Each episode is a daunting, creepfest of atmosphere, and mostly that, only atmosphere. If it wasn't clear, there's no combat to be had in the game. Mostly by puzzle solving will you unravel each story, but don't turn away if you -really- want to try out this game over that. The clues are in the game and become readily apparent as you experiment with this and that, make sure you check help menus when they're presented, and if all else fails? Don't get angry. Walkthroughs exist, and if you are absolutely positively stuck at some part, don't feel like a failure for looking it up. Some things can get a lil abstract.I really can't say much without spoiling except to say, this game is short, sweet, and worth every dime. Each episode, despite your seemingly limited interactions with it, contains plenty of spine chilling narrative that feels not unlike reading a incredible horror book in the middle of a storm. You won't glaze over anything present. If you're a fan of horror storytelling, you absolutely have to have this game."
76561198129932693,Recommended,558420,32983108,Posted: 29 June,all,irenesalor,"Absolutely loved it. The gameplay was not as intuitive as expected, but it was super refreshing. If you want to get X-Files vibes (and a dose of 80's synth music!), play this."
76561197974106428,Recommended,558420,32947125,Posted: 28 June,all,Kamano,"Basically it's a mystery text-adventure. However it's not as simple as in the old days, it's really well done. It's smart executed and looking great. Brings the early computer era to the modern age. Reminds me a lot of the old X-Files or the Twilight Zone on television and how Stranger Things brought us back to the old times we still remember with a smile. Well, hard to explain with words, try out the demo. If that does appeal to you, you should buy it, the other episodes are similiar."
,Recommended,558420,32970690,Posted: 28 June,all,Atlantic,Short and unsettling. Highly recomended.
,Recommended,558420,32077539,Posted: 30 May,all,Zeekerss,"Stories Untold's over-arching story itself is not amazingly unique, but the way it's told is. It's very difficult to even explain it, and certainly unlike any game I've ever played. The way the story is executed makes this game extremely intruiging, tense, memorable, and one of the most interesting videogame experiences I've ever had.(my actual playtime is on another account. The game is definitely not too short.)"
,Recommended,558420,32661187,Posted: 22 June,all,SMFK,"Very good but very short, 2 hours.Its worth playing if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,558420,32790663,Posted: 25 June,all,Spanky,"Pretty cool game.  I didn't know what to expect, but I had a ton of fun playing and I was entranced by the story.  Too short though."
,Recommended,558420,32768633,Posted: 25 June,all,CaesarZX,This game is ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME! Another must-play story-driven indie since Her Story.
,Recommended,558420,32798794,Posted: 25 June,all,VicManwich,Best 5$ I've spent in awhile.
,Recommended,558420,32785151,Posted: 25 June,all,Mark,"If nostalgia was a game, this would be it."
,Recommended,558420,32783286,Posted: 25 June,all,de_Sцэc,"Great game ! really enjoyed it, defnetlry worth the price, i hope they make more like it"
,Recommended,558420,32775595,Posted: 25 June,all,| Jonas |,"Simply awesome, the plot was so cool, and how the story finally wrapped around itself and made complete sense.Only negative side was the difficulty for a non-native speaker to use the correct sentences in each scenarion, few times I had to look the words from walkthrough since I didn't simply know if a specific word is to be used in a specific context, I know this sounds confusing but for a non native it's pain in the♥♥♥♥♥trying to figure out what specific expression fits what screnario."
76561198190645906,Recommended,558420,32727363,Posted: 24 June,all,Speshal_Snowman,LOVE IT
,Recommended,558420,32727890,Posted: 24 June,all,Unicorn Queen,"I didn't know what to expect when going into this game. I saw ""horror"" and the positive reviews and decided to give it a chance.I was not disappointed. Despite being a text-based, puzzle game, this is rich with story, and has many layers. The subtlety and hidden references are truly amazing (20F - Fatal Accident, anyone else catch that?).Some puzzles can be very difficult (I struggled with themorse code) but it's a decent challenge. My only complaint is a bug in last level that didn't allow me toturn on xray machineand I had to restart the whole chapter to fix it."
,Recommended,558420,32912553,Posted: 27 June,all,Le Jibs,"Simple story, great atmosphere and  breaking codes! What more can you ask.However the performance in the walking sections dive down and on chapter 4 I encountered on game breaking bug (one thing I was suppose to click wasn't allowing me to click it untill I restarted) and there were some grammar errors at the last bit. Other than that solid adventure, really fun."
,Recommended,558420,33009016,Posted: 29 June,all,Nico,"I have been huge fan of Devolver Digital games for years and this game was no exception!The 1980s have always been one of my favourites and everything in this game screams an 80s vibe from the music to the objects within the game. I loved how quirky the puzzles were in each chapter and how they differentiated from the next. The synth soundtrack is so pleasing to the ear that I had to buy it to show my appreciation for it.The only criticism I have is that I could not play chapter 3 graphics in high quality however, If you love the 1980s I recommend you give this game a shot!!"
,Recommended,558420,33019256,Posted: 29 June,all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,This is a short 80s themed puzzle game where you follow directions and input various numbers into terminals. It is all really confusing until the end when you find out what is really going on. I didn't like it till the end when everything was explained. I give it 8/10. Get ito n sale folks iti s REALLY short!
,Recommended,558420,33120379,Posted: 2 July,all,Sir_Meowsalot,"What happens when you take the simple Text Adventure of Old and combine it with late 80s nostalgia and various story elements? You get an amazing game that's for sure! Never have I ever been so intrigued and happy to have played a text adventure game before. It grabbed me in the first chapter and didn't let me go until the end. Great atmosphere, story telling, tremendously talented voice actors, beautiful music, and clever puzzles.I am absolutely astonished by how good this game is and wish to not spoil it for anyone due to how clever the story telling is and the plot. Take a few hours to try out this tour de force of a game. Highly recommended, put on some headphones, and turn off the lights!Here's hoping there will be a Season 2 of ""Stories Untold""!"
,Recommended,558420,31900071,Posted: 22 May,all,gmartijn,"Well, this is one real gem! I liked text adventures back in the 80's and 90's, this type of ""text"" adventure adds a whole new dimension on top of that. Very dark and gloomy! love this one! Cannot wait for more!!"
,Recommended,558420,33054598,Posted: 30 June,all,dekita-jane,Got around to finishing it - great game and execution though I felt the mechanics were frustrating at times (had to resort to a walkthrough for The Station Process). But not a bad game!
,Recommended,558420,33088662,Posted: 1 July,all,jimoth,"Really, really, really good and this is coming from someone who doesn't like puzzles.Saying too much would spoil it, just trust me on this - if you love an atmospheric game you'll love this. The more you play the better it gets too.I had a couple of crashes in episode 3, which combined with the fact there are no checkpoints was annoying but knocking the graphics down fixed this (though I have a powerful rig).Overall though, brilliant game and highly recommedend!"
,Recommended,558420,33066076,Posted: 30 June,all,The Neon Sheep,"Originates in nostalgia, but grows far beyond its constraints. Creepy, cinematic, and nearly perfectly paced.Cannot wait for the (hopeful) sequel."
76561198077106498,Recommended,558420,33083524,Posted: 1 July,all,davavalo,"Would highly recommend this game to anyone.For psychological horror fans, this one is a must.Even if you're not into horror, but storytelling is very unique and the plot twist and turns will definitely surprise.The game is a fresh take on the text adventure genre and could be the future of how those games should be experience in our modern day.We have more than enough first-person shooters out there, so picking this game up was more than welcoming.One of my favorite games every played and one of the few with a perfect score (IMHO).10/10If you have played the game and want to know more about the developer NOCODE and their approach to how they created Stories Untold, check out this talk by the head designer which is really good.https://youtu.be/KdSKtvbjJPA"
76561198074373651,Recommended,558420,33175522,Posted: 3 July,all,gheppio,"Four stories that will keep you on the edge of the chair, awesome writing if you pay attention to all the details.It has a really innovative technique of narration mixing even gameplay of text adventures with other puzzles!A bit short, short but strongly recommended if you like films like ET or Carpenter's The Thing."
76561198290466488,Recommended,558420,33169411,Posted: 2 July,all,SongDasher,"This was a great game. The graphics are great, and so is the story. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,558420,33171231,Posted: 3 July,all,GravexRobber,"Excellent text adventure game. Immediately recommended this to friends and family. I may not be wild about the ending, but that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy the ride. Great game!"
76561198170029855,Recommended,558420,33167419,Posted: 2 July,all,wolfhunter362,"wow, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great! it makes you start to think whats really going in each chapter as the story goes on"
76561197995313460,Recommended,558420,33625249,Posted: 18 July,all,psychopatata,"The first three chapters was a bit boring, I thought. But I endured, and a good thing that I did, because the fourth and last chapter was amazing. It was sublime and creepy! I repeatedly shivered and felt personal guilt on behalf of the character in the game. Great story telling, if you make it through the first chapters."
,Recommended,558420,33622914,Posted: 17 July,all,Commissar Pearl,"Such an amazing game and I really hope they do more its just I can't complete it as it crashes eveytime I play Chapter 3, other than that it's by far one of the best games I've played and I hope so much that they make a sequal or two!  Just wish it was a little bit longer"
76561198011358096,Recommended,558420,33523912,Posted: 13 July,all,OutlawSmile,10/10. It's cheap. It's short. It's worth your time and money.
,Recommended,558420,33553740,Posted: 15 July,all,Mentazm,"Devolver step up to the plate and knock it out the park yet again with a deeply atmospheric and immersive adventure game. Beautifully presented, this is the most unique and memorable game I've played this year so far."
,Recommended,558420,33549622,Posted: 14 July,all,Edgy McSpoon,"Stories Untold captures the nostalgia of the 80s almost perfectly, and finds an audience in those of us who don't really want to go back to plain old text adventure games, but wish to re-visit the essence of those moments, enhanced with the graphical fidelity that modern games provide. I fully recommend it with the expectation it is a 3.5 hour interactive narrative.It takes the concept of text adventures to another level by framing it in a 4 part John Carpenter style 80s horror/thriller world. The first chapter starts off with you interacting with a Commodore style computer, staring into a faux-wood veneered CRT style monitor in a bedroom. The monitor shows it's age by the text bleeding with chromatic arberration (the offsetting of RGB channels), and the sound that comes from the archaic machine is harsh and chirpy. If nothing else, this game is a mood piece and love letter to the time period. The story provides plenty of twists and turns, with easy to moderate puzzle solving. The third episode is probably my favourite, as it gives you lots to do and offers up a small change that really drove home the idea of John Carpenter for me.As far as the input on the text adventure goes, this one could do with a bit of polish, a lot of the time I found I got ""I don't understand"" as the response, when it should be assumed that things like ""enter door"" and ""open door"" sort of mean the same thing. In any case, finding the correct command prompt was fairly straight forward, and is sort of indicative of the text adventure experience."
,Recommended,558420,33577104,Posted: 15 July,all,Luke {Katia},"Great story, kind of short. Worth it on sale/10"
,Recommended,558420,33480904,Posted: 12 July,all,Sepko,"""It’s like a Twilight Zone text adventure set in an episode of The Twilight Zone. What more do you need, really?""Read my full review atReady Players"
76561198031829492,Recommended,558420,33871662,Posted: 28 July,all,Valkarin,"Very atmospheric soundtrack with four compelling stories. I enjoyed it very much, though I didn't find it to be all that scary. Definitely recommend it."
76561198048139216,Recommended,558420,33869456,Posted: 28 July,all,KaptainKronos,"This is a remarkable game and an incredible experience. If you know nothing about the game, go into it as blind as you can, but know that if you like things like Zork, Stranger Things, and Stephen King, that you'll have a rollicking good time. Atmospheric, tense, beautiful! 2 thumbs up!"
76561197980998080,Recommended,558420,33957663,Posted: 1 August,all,dcToro,"Wow. This run through was amazing. I was not quite sure what to expect. Sure, some kind of text adventure.Four creepy short storys which demand from you to use computers, some medical devices, miocrofilms and some other technical instruments, and of course while on terminals to give text adventure like commands.All is so well working together. Nice voice actors, nice sounds which also do their part for the creepy atmosphere.And the best thing, all four storys are related together in a way you never can think of befor or while playing.Just amazing. Well worth the money. Play it in the evenings if you have the time for it, best when its dark with headphone on. I did one episode per day. It was very nice and i hope we will see more like this from the creators."
76561198068722492,Recommended,558420,34530071,Posted: 27 August,all,Zelas,What an incredibly cool game!
,Recommended,558420,34550459,Posted: 28 August,all,-Swift-,"Just finished Stories Untld last night - would say it's worth more than the full price. Would happily pay £10 for a few hours of this because it is just so innovative and unique, but so enjoyable to play. I have further thoughts but they include spoilers so Ill post a thread on the forums.Quite simply, if you'd like a dark psychological story that combines four great narratives, this is for you - and very immersive too!"
,Recommended,558420,34565514,Posted: 28 August,all,sidmega,Wow!.
,Recommended,558420,34444899,Posted: 23 August,all,scolebrain,the game was very enjoyable no real replay value for me. Get this game and support this awesome developer
,Recommended,558420,34452736,Posted: 23 August,all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),An amazing game. I recomand this to anyone!
76561198027975014,Recommended,558420,34499413,Posted: 26 August,all,Jellypopcorn (✿◠‿◠),"While I do recommend this game, I personally wanted more from it. I think I jumped into this game thinking it was something different.Episode 1 was stupidly fantastic to me. Gripping story, awesome plot twist and genuenly spooky. I've never been a fan of text based adventures because I always thought they'd be too difficult to play. But I really enjoyed it, I never had too much trouble navigating the house, although I did want to be more thorough.. like looking in the fridge or trying to find the key to the utility door.. but it was a really awesome play.It kind of reminded me of those old goosebump books, readers beware you choose the scare! where you could pick your own adventure by doing different things throughout your readings. It was always such fun figuring out differnet ways it could end! So I went back into episode 1 to see if I could get a different ending by finding that utlity key, alas, couldn't find it and ended up being the same ending. Thats alright, it was still a good story so I kept my hopes high for something just as good in the second episode..Unfortunately it fell a bit short for me- it really is my own fault for thinking it was a complete text-adventure. Some of the puzzles became not too difficult, but extremely tedious- I felt like in the first chapter I was so enthralled with the story and the pacing that I was excited to see what happened next. I kept pushing through the painfully dull ""click certain things to progress"" bits because I wanted to see if the next episode would be better. Episode 3 had me really interested in what was going on at the weather station but I felt a little held back typing in code that I kept having to look back at the monitor to memorise.. I ended up having to grab a piece of paper from my cupboard to write things down- it pulled me out of the mood a bit. The walking section of the game surprised me- I was bracing myself to be thrilled by a plot twist but ehhhh.I admit to actually just watching the last episode via youtube- because i honestly had lost alot of my hype for the game and wanted to see the ending, to see if the story was any good. I was left a little disappointed.TL:DRGame is visually awesome, opening of the episodes was snazzy. But I was looking forward to episodic text-adventures that had awesome plot twists, but somehow interconnected. story fell a bit short and gameplay can become tedious."
,Recommended,558420,34491347,Posted: 25 August,all,Greg,"Great game. Nice callback to text adventures with modern touches to immerse yourself in the stories. A few technical glitches of the the crashing kind. Some unfortunate text parsing decisions in episode 2, but I've really enjoyed it. Highly recommended. Hope they make more!"
,Recommended,558420,34496846,Posted: 25 August,all,the-simian,"Ok I just played this this evening from start to finish with my wife.Here's the short review:- Yes it is well done.- Buy it on sale.- Some (2 or 3)  of the puzzles are kind of cheap.- The story is fantastic.Ok so here is the slightly longer review.Ultimately the story is great, and the 4th tale is really worth working towards. I'll make sure to tag spoilers as I go, but jsut know that the entire game is a very satisfying esperience taken as a whole, as well as its parts.As for the puzzles, there are two very specific points in the gameInt he 4th talewhere I sincerely felt like I was grasping at straws to solve the puzzle.Specifically the first puzzle of the 4th tale, where the solution seemed totally unrelated to the clues, and also when the british spelling of 'mum' affected your ability to navitage puzzle.I also found myself trying a lot of words. 'unbuckle'? 'undo?', 'unfasten?', 'unclasp?'. Ugh what do british people SAY for this particular action??During these times the excitement and the pacing did suffer. Puzzles are hard you want to challenge the player so they feel a sense of accomplishment for problem solving but you also dont want a solution that feels 'cheap', like no real clues were truly given.Another thing to consider: this game is short. To me that was a plus, it was a substitute for going to see a movie, and we finished it in one night. I think you will too. This isn't bad. Honestly anymore I don't want to sink 100 of my valuable life hours into a game. 3 awesome hours is a-ok.The story is absolutly top notch. It was hard to playa t times, as you're forced to go through with actions that can be emotionally challenging. That's part of the experience, and it works well."
,Recommended,558420,34470457,Posted: 24 August,all,Doctor11TARDIS,"I was sold on the 80s aesthetic a la Stranger Things instantly. I started playing Chapter 1 and got more and more creeped out as things happened. Chapter 2 was fun with the use of machinery and having to check the manual to know what to do. Chapter 3 irritated me a bit in the use of the microfilm as it was a bit fiddly to use, but then again maybe that's what icrofilm is like.Chapter 4 blew me away with how it unfolded. I won't spoil what happens but it very much reminded me of the play 'Ghost Stories' - 3 separate stories that culminate in a final story that brings them all together in a very clever way.I highly recommend this title for any fans of point n click/horror games."
76561198065201061,Recommended,558420,34514747,Posted: 26 August,all,john.silver.007,"Very good interactive story! Nice realistic graphics and voice acting. Very entertaining! Puzzles are quite simple, but fun. Must try!"
76561198001784408,Recommended,558420,34005109,Posted: 3 August,all,mb3,Finished it.Enjoyed it.
,Recommended,558420,34055078,Posted: 6 August,all,ZachThePerson,"This game isn't going to be for everyone, but if you THINK you might like it, I would definately give it a shot!I can't really say much without fear of spoiling anything. It's very ""Simulator""-ey in the way you iteract with dials and type things into a computer, but it merges so well with the story it actually feels really exciting! I especially liked the second story where it felt like I was in the movie Andromeda Strain :)There were a few frustrations. Some of the text adventure commands aren't that obvious, especially towards the end, and a few things I tried to click on strieght up didn't work the first few times, leading me to look up a walkthrough only to find out that yes, I was clicking on the correct thing, I just wasn't standing on the 1in of flooring I needed to be standing on for it to work (The cassette player was particularly frustrating)Other than that minor complaint though, I was blown away. One of those games where I went in expecting to enjoy myself, but nothing extreme and was just blown away!"
,Recommended,558420,33982790,Posted: 2 August,all,✌Boob✌,Genius.
76561197978327423,Recommended,558420,34020743,Posted: 4 August,all,The Piper [O5],"The last text adventure I remember was ""Gremlins the Adventure - released in 1985"" - which I managed to complete in the 90ies after a lot of frustration.I started this game with low expectations, as friends told me that the story will be kind of cliche, and got quite amazed by the amount of detail and level of interactivity.Nevertheless, this game is not a 100% text adventure - there will be some non-text interactions and it has some nice surprises.Story IMHO is solid enough and fits nicely with the 80ies mood - the very immersive synth soundtrack and level of graphical detail took me on a mesmerizing nostalgia trip.Even though the story and progression felt quite linear, I did enjoy the ""puzzles""/challenges (which are easy but satisfying), and the voice acting.Some people may find this game short, but IMHO, it's just right and playing it in one sitting - I have to congratulate the developers/designers on it's remarkable pacing.EDIT: grammar"
,Recommended,558420,34089206,Posted: 7 August,all,cookywook,"I almost never recommend games. But I'm recommending this.An excellent blend of text adventure and interactive cinema. Massive 'Stranger Things' vibes, but that's no bad thing.Check this out."
,Recommended,558420,34281747,Posted: 16 August,all,Ultrasox,"This game really deserves more attention. There are games that have tried various elements contained within this game - text adventures, walking simulators, tactile puzzles/deciphering codes with mysterious equipment, but this has quite a few ways it asks you to interact with the game at different points and it all hangs together very well.My only warning would be that it starts with the weakest part of all the episodes, that is trying to figure out what it understands in the text adventure, and to play the episodes in order - I won't say any more than that. Even though I love the spectrum loading screen and the old bedroom that you sit in, for someone my age it didn't understand any of the classic text adventure phrases but I soon got used to what it did understand and it doesn't require a lot from you in that respect. It still has some great fourth wall breaking moments in that first episode and is definitely not just playing zork. In subsequent episodes it is doing other things entirely and only revisits the text adventure briefly anyway.In all honesty about half way through epside 1 I was being dragged through, it wasn't a chore in the slightest as I wanted to see what the hell was going on. It's got great atmosphere, it's full of surprises not just in the story but also in the interactions you make. A great few hours."
76561197982743720,Recommended,558420,34384223,Posted: 20 August,all,MustardDragon,Kick♥♥♥♥♥experience that everyone should try. It's amazing that a game with text-based interaction made me this emotional. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,558420,34744608,Posted: 4 September,all,jackscape,dont drink and drive
76561197979972153,Recommended,558420,34787097,Posted: 6 September,all,Reygle,"I love games like this. Stories that aren't predictable, but drop hints as it goes on.  You never REALLY know- until you do.A very wonderful way to tell a story."
,Recommended,558420,34793478,Posted: 7 September,all,Jazzy,Engaging and well written story backed up by a novel take on classic text adventure and puzzle games. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,558420,34431575,Posted: 22 August,all,MetalSVT,"Bravo! An amazing storytelling experience. Worth the money because for the price of a movie ticket, I got I really great story that lasted about 3 hours. It's a great blend of video game / movie, I recommend it highly if you have the time to sit down and play through it in one shot."
,Recommended,558420,34619424,Posted: 30 August,all,Nike,It's short :(It's very interactive :)It's lacking in free will :(Its story line is predictable :(It's very unique :)It's up to you really...
76561198118936264,Recommended,558420,34620692,Posted: 30 August,all,Zipzol,"If you're in for a neoretro storytelling masterpiece, buy this game."
76561198059582025,Recommended,558420,34637726,Posted: 31 August,all,Bloempje,My introduction to a text adventure style game and I enjoy how this is packaged into a modern suite with a gripping story.
,Recommended,558420,34848440,Posted: 9 September,all,Monki,"""But you didn't do that, did you?"""
76561198084512119,Recommended,558420,34876414,Posted: 10 September,all,cobra_monkey,"I really liked this game and I hope that No Code makes more like it. First off, for all the wannabe critics that gave this game a negative review: This game costs about the same as a glass of cheap whiskey, and it gave me far more enjoyment than a drink ever has. So get over it; if you liked the music and the first story then you got your money's worth and you should give this game a postive review to support innovative game developers. I read a few of  the negative reviews and I conclude there are 4 reasons why people give this game negative reviews 1. They didn't like the story 2. They can't solve puzzles 3. They can't type 4. They don't like typing the same thing multiple times... just like Will Ferrell doesn't like being asked the same question 3 times in Austin Powers."
,Recommended,558420,35400224,Posted: 1 October,all,zelleie1,"I really enjoyed this game and recommend you give it a chance if you appreciate nostalgia from old text based adventure games and enjoy ""cause+effect"" puzzles .Some of the puzzles are slightly repetitive,  but not enough to take away from the overall experience.It's worth what ever you pay for it."
,Recommended,558420,35319438,Posted: 29 September,all,jimothyjim,"Short, great game, keeps getting better, clunkier than perhaps it needs to be."
