user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198001565857,Recommended,558450,33181853,Posted: 3 July,all,SleepingGiant,"Fibrillation evokes a particular kind of nightmare, where you’re lost among huge, incomprehensible structures, wandering endless rooms of unrecognisable machinery, and sensing a sinister threat in the shadows.It creates a feeling of dread that rivals any horror game, without any narrative or dialogue or gore. Sometimes a nightmare is terrifying exactly because it doesn’t make sense and can’t be explained, and Fibrillation exemplifies this. Subtle details - like an odd mark on a wall, or some gravity-defying boxes - can become deeply unnerving in this unfathomable world.It shares a mood and style with NaissanceE, with its vast, inexplicable architecture and gameplay elements (minor environmental puzzles and chases) to break up exploration, but brooding with menace where NaissanceE’s world is often indifferent to the player. But, and also like NaissanceE, there are many moments of wonder and peaceful exploration. Both games somehow manage to feel like real, tangible worlds that you only glimpse partially.It’s a short game, but its mysterious environments, unnerving soundtrack, and intense atmosphere are worth the price. Recommended for the feeling of exploring a strange, menacing other-world."
76561197989132185,Recommended,558450,31092548,Posted: 12 April,all,pulp-reduced,"I am not sure what it is about games like this that I enjoy. Fibrillation is very much like game called NaissancE, but it moves at a different speed. Things here are slower, in a way more deliberate, and along the same lines the atmosphere is more creeping.And these minimalistic games do have that as main attraction, the slow and creeping atmospheric intensity. With some droning ambient music and haunting sounds to break out of the haze, you can create something very compelling. And you can do this despite not having much to offer in terms of gameplay and “story” or narrative in the classical sense.From a short game there are a surprising amount of aspects to consider, and different avenues of thought to realize. In terms of story there is very little, but it is cohesive and cogent. In a sense the experience of this game is meant, according to the story, as a nightmare. And it is truly nightmarish, at least in the way I am familiar with nightmares. But it is also haunting in a real life sense, in the creepiness of real-life encounters. Nothing was thrown at you, you just walked along without thinking necessarily about the threats, since they are often easily avoidable, but then they are just there. They were standing around before you came, they will stand there after you leave, and that is a haunting thought, to me, and moreover, it is a fairly rare version of fear when it comes to it represented in games.We forget that natural fear is often not immediately noticeable, it does not leap out at us, it is just stumbled upon. Proper fear is usually not this existential or psychological fear either, and it does not leap out at you, you just notice an object or entity of some kind and it strikes you with horror. It's a more primal fear, a natural fear, that comes about in simply interacting and moving through the world. This is the fear that is on display in Fibrillation.It's the fear that comes about in a situation where it is not expected, necessarily, like in everyday life, if you are lucky. Fear is surprising, not startling, usually, nor chocking. It's a slower interaction that results in a slight heightening your senses. Whether this is deliberate or not is uncertain, but to me it was there, palpably so.Another aspect was the demonic and distorted animal sounds that were coupled with the threatening movement of some of the enemies. There was an intense threatening gaze coming from the adversaries in this game, and it added a lot to this slower atmosphere. Their design was very interesting, on top of that. Statuesque, limber and bony bodies with eyes that follow your movements with a weird eeriness or uncanny quality to them; both inhuman and human, familiar and unfamiliar.When it comes to gameplay there are not many things to say, unfortunately, or fortunately. It consists in gathering easily noticeable orbs, and finding slightly less noticeable differently colored orbs, and finding secret rooms which are one further step in difficulty or obfuscation. It is nothing more than a faint impetus to move the player forward. Perhaps it could be coupled with some vague symbolism, but I can't bring myself to push my thoughts to such an expounding of thoughts or contingent meanings.But there is some substance in the story, it is clearcut. There are a few interesting phrases of dejectedness, if you get the “easier” ending, or less arduous ending. But on the contrary there is hope with the positive ending, and a moving forward with life. In a way it is a game that shows the two paths from trauma, death or life, falling to dejection or malaise, or going straight through the trauma into a childlike positivist and affirmative life. If I didn't disagree with the binary nature of such a presentation, I'd most likely enjoy it.It's fairly ridiculous to make things into a larger existential problem, or a philosophical problem. But disregarding that, this game is cheap and fairly worthwhile for the moments of fear, the creepiness, the atmosphere and at times the architecture of the levels, which can be very powerful.Fibrillation does something fairly unique, even if it resembles other games it does things on its own, and improves and adds to concepts elsewhere originated. It's a continuation of the genre of atmospheric epics with great architecture. It does not equal up to that of NaissancE, in that regard, but it comes close, and on top of that it's cheaper (from memory, I might be wrong) and adds a horror element that does something truly unique within games creation."
76561198289504155,Recommended,558450,34694517,Posted: 2 September,all,steve,"We haven't finished this one yet, but we're giving it a strong recommendation for a combination of two reasons: First, it's a clever, engaging walking sim with some creative imagery and satisfying puzzles. Second, when we got stuck at a particular point that others were able to get past, the developer actually incorporated a change into the game to help us out (and he did this twice!).Now, we wouldn't recommend a game unless it were actually fun to play. This one is. But, we think it deserves special attention and praise when a developer pays close attention to feedback from the community and is willing to make changes to cope with issues as small as one purchaser's problems. I doubt that anyone outside the indie game world would do that, but it's also hard to imagine this is common even inside the indie world.Thanks, Egor!"
,Recommended,558450,31104601,Posted: 12 April,all,Messofanego,"It's been a few years since a game has reminded me of the stunning brutalist architecture, jaw-dropping scale, and haunting atmosphere of NaissanceE like Fibrillation HD has done here. What's more, there is genuine horror here with some standout moments involving skeletons, skull-snakes, and Aztec-blockhead giants. The game's short length of about 2 hours actually does it a big favour over NaissanceE where there's a lot of variety and memorability in setting and level ideas over 18 levels rather than any one thing you're doing overstaying its welcome.There's a very natural progression from familiar ideas and structure that you'd expect in an indie firstperson exploration horror game to more surreal landscapes and intense encounters with creatures. At first, you start off collecting enough yellow cubes to open a door and holding a lantern for darker areas. You have a stamina meter that depletes when you sprint, and using the lantern burns it even more. There are some secret areas, codes, and 18 collectible blue orbs to discover. You end the level by coming upon a purple will-o'-the-wisp.The level design really opens up from level 8 where the massive scale, winding staircases, surrealism, and brutalist architecture start to show up. It continues to then get more unpredictable and illusory. In one level, you can open a door that is actually the window to a moving Aztec block totem, and you can enter and exit at any time in a very cool visual illusion (see video below). In another level, you're running corridor to corridor from a skeleton and like a horrific game of tag, you have to climb on some boxes for high ground so you're safe before it catches you. And then one level is just straight up Attack On Titan! Each level is a checkpoint, so if you die, you'll have to start that level over but they're short enough where that isn't a bother.There is a clear (dialogue-less) narrative to go along with the nightmarish level structure and dreamscapes. It's set in 1992, and the only other signposting until the climax is an early hallway with doors having years marked on them from 1960 to the current year. The further you go on, more grounded sights start appearing like an industrial area with birds that's quite a breath of fresh air. I won't spoil the why and how your character Ewan is in this world but it ends in a satisfying manner. Rest assured the storytelling is more the visual kind instead of exposition audio dumps or internal monologues like other FPX games, with text only showing up at the very end to explain your ending (of three). This is all helped by an ominous and ambient score that perfectly fits either the danger or peace of a level. Despite some similarities with other games out on the market, Fibrillation HD is able to stand out with its surreal touches, sights, and environmental storytelling. Don't miss out on this surreal wonder.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_JKEXkAD08"
,Recommended,558450,33163169,Posted: 2 July,all,Schmuck Goblin,"Now this is a game for two types of people, those who like horror and those who like surreal games. I'm more of the surreal side although I do love a wonderfully crafted horror game, not the type that every person on Earth has seen someone else play. This game has wonderfully crafted levels and an amazing soundtrack to fit. The story is not explained until the end of the game which adds to the playthrough by making you ask questions to yourself. The levels are very strange and leave themselves up to interpretation. I was wary at first in fear of it being a walking simulator but quickly found out that it keeps you on your toes with amazing level placement. For example, one level will be exploring and the other a puzzle, or perhaps a creepy chase.Overall I would say that this is one of the best surreal games I've played if not the best. If you're a fan of games like this you should definately pay the small asking price."
76561198005816232,Recommended,558450,34538201,Posted: 27 August,all,Jeremy Hillary Boob PhD,"A really short and simple game. I'm usually indifferent to ""walking simulator"" games, but this has enough interaction and gameplay that I found it enjoyable."
,Recommended,558450,34707861,Posted: 3 September,all,FurianAvenger69,"Obscure & eerie atmosphere, no real story but there is a neat symbolic meaning at the end. Pretty decent overall. Not really scary but there are a few ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments with some of the creatures in the game popping out of nowhere & killing you, or having to be stealthy & sneak around them."
,Recommended,558450,31336165,Posted: 24 April,all,Huckleberryhound,"https://youtu.be/JPGlzLDGZs4This video contains the first 6 levels of this game, so Spoiler alert.I hae played the first 11 levels so far, and tis game is good. Very good. At first i thought it was a walking simulator, something people who green ligt games with Unity do a lot. But this game quickly becomes more. The gaphics are (and i am not exagerating) Epic. From a darkened corridor at the beginning, to a massive stairwayed chasm with a large ""Silent Hill"" styled character sitting motionless.It is a bit dark, i would have to add...i mean greay and well, dark. But the game definitely sucked me in. For €4 this game is worth the money, and the dev has put a lot of effort into this game. If Jim Sterling comes along and says this is an asste flip, i'd find where he lives and shout ""Get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here"" then run across America like Forest Gump.Nice game."
76561198338938233,Recommended,558450,35450980,Posted: 3 October,all,kennethwessel,"so i loved this game. it just kept getting better and better. very imaginative and challenging enough to have fun without frustration.i bought it for 90% off plus it was a lot of fun, and unusual. interesting graphics, no shooting but you do have encounters with creatures that you must avoid and figure out how to solve them attacking you.i recommend this game."
,Recommended,558450,34709407,Posted: 3 September,all,Tron ⊚,"awesome, lot of atmospheric places to take a virtual hike on.  it's really worth buying."
,Recommended,558450,31246817,Posted: 19 April,all,spires,"I played the original a while ago, and I have to say that this is a huge improvement. This is definitely up there as one of my favorite games."
76561197994827301,Recommended,558450,31779080,Posted: 15 May,all,Apterous,"A little bit like NaissanceE, but shorter and with monsters."
76561198009792744,Recommended,558450,33285467,Posted: 5 July,all,MythoBeanz94,Great game with awesome atmosphere
,Recommended,558450,31944975,Posted: 24 May,all,This Is Dark Wolf,Loved this game even though I missed so much stuff. Amazing atmosphere & creative monsters chasing you through the darkness of this strange place. Awesome effects and insane situations the game puts you through. Definitely worth $4 for this title.https://youtu.be/Tsf8q9QuU08
76561197990285412,Recommended,558450,31091114,Posted: 11 April,all,What are birds?,"It was short, but it was really great. It's well made, spooky, and fun."
76561197971276058,Recommended,558450,33317082,Posted: 6 July,all,debe.sys,"I'm writing this just to clarify that this is NOT a Naissancee cousin or something*. There are similarities, but this game is much smaller both in scale and ambition. Plus, it's got Doom/Quake inspired monsters out to kill you. I mean litterally to chop you into pieces. You will die a lot. And will get scared too. Don't remember that being part of Naissancee. That being said, this is a pretty good game. Just don't expect it to be another Naissancee.* - I adore Naissancee. Despite it's insane difficulti in times, it's one of the best games released to date, imho."
,Not Recommended,558450,33322416,Posted: 6 July,all,markzwaan,"Not worth the timeLazy gamedesignI have quite a few walking simulators in my gaming library and some of those are absolutely great like The vanishing of Ethan Carter or What remains of Edith Finch. Fibrillation however feels like a half finished game reusing the same couple of textures and limited amount of objects again and again ad nauseam. Level design is uninspired and makes no sense. Endless hallways with the same doors with the same racks with the exact same boxes endlessly repeated. Wooden crates everywhere. The ones that were prevalent in the 1940's but have since then been replaced with cardbord boxes. Seriously, I work in logistics and visit offices and warehouses all over the country on a daily basis but I've seen more wooden boxes in a single level of this game then I've seen in the combined warehouses in the pas ten years. Some levels do show a hint of creative design but most of it is uninspired.Clunky controlsHead bob is so severe it made me nauseous. Not scared, just queasy. The human brain has evolved to remove the constant sway because otherwise we'd be unable to walk in a straight line. Left trigger did not make me run or sprint at all even when being chased. In fact no matter how little or how far I pushed the left stick I always moved at the exact same speed. Using the 19th century lantarn (it's not a flashlight just because the game calls it a flashlight, it's an outdated, anachronistic lantern) drains your fatigue, for some reason. The game looks like it was constructed using basic assets provided with the engine or bought in some level pack with little to no variation. Doors have no door knobs and open automatically. collectible objects automatically float towards you needing no input. Navigating the menus with a gamepad is a chore since the game keeps reading the mouse input despite the fact that I'm using a gamepad and you can't back out of menus with the B button but instead have to navigate to the 'back' option instead.ConclusionI did like the climbing mechanism and the monster design is pretty cool. But actually playing this game consists out of 90% repetitive environments and only 10% interesting level design and mechanics. There is no story being told whatsoever and if the bland environments are meant to convey a story they're doing a terrible job. So far the first ten levels have been linear with little to no opportunity for exploration. And yes, I'm aware these are supposed to be dreamlike visions from someone who had a near death experience. But I've had more interesting and scary nightmares after eating a lot of pizza. I can't think of any reason why I would want to come back and finish this game and therefore can't recommend it to anyone."
76561198326066750,Recommended,558450,33178494,Posted: 3 July,all,GamngLife,"perfect combination of thriller and idle, very good experience !"
,Recommended,558450,31117828,Posted: 13 April,all,sturmkoenig2k,"Ein überraschend gutes Spiel, keines der billigen C-Horror-Spiele. Es ist zwar kurz aber unterhaltsam. Es kommen auch Monster vor, aber mit denen kam ich ganz gut klar, zumal man nicht sofort bei der ersten Berührung stirbt. Für den preis ist das Spiel wirklich gut, meiner Meinung nach.Achja, vorbildlich sind die Einstellungen für Grafik. Das sieht man auch nicht oft in Indie-Spielen."
,Recommended,558450,31097029,Posted: 12 April,all,Kronberg,"Full Gameplay Walkthrough of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P740C7SDbJsReview:This game kept surprising me through my walkthrough, you can really feel the devs put some effort into this with the beautiful atmoshphere and the easy yet entertaining small puzzles.Theres some light horror and chase scenes and a lot of mystiche within this game, and theres a whole lot of secrets that i wasnt able to find in my first walkthrough.I will strongly recommend you to try out this game, you can always check out my walkthrough if you're not sure."
76561198355472705,Recommended,558450,33741425,Posted: 23 July,all,festality,Pure brilliant!
,Recommended,558450,31402535,Posted: 27 April,all,cmodYT,So far this game is amazing definately recommend it!https://youtu.be/giChQffKrJw
,Recommended,558450,31091294,Posted: 11 April,all,2Phat2Care,"Includes big red button that says ""Do Not Press"" in title menu.Pressed big red button 15 times.Promptly released my colon and shut game off.10/10"
