user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,559210,32626589,Posted: 21 June,all,luizpedronovak,"Since when I played Plants vs Zombies, years ago, I looked for its great soundtrack composer Laura Shigihara, finding her Twitter profile. She was talking about a game she was developing, named Rakuen or something like this, and the whole project sounded awesome. I promised to myself that I would buy it the day it was released.To be exact, I only got motivated to register a Steam account specifically in order to buy Rakuen, even if other games were bought before and after it.  Also, even if I found a blog and YouTube videos where Laura talked about Rakuen's development, I didn't read or watch any of it, to avoid creating wrong or misguided expectations.And it was worth the wait. This is an awesome piece of art.As a story, Rakuen has a well developed and thoughtful plot, deep and diverse characters, balanced and pleasant pace.Visually, Rakuen has colorful and elegant graphics, with easily recognizable sprites and detailed scenarios.The gameplay is fluid, with simple but entertaining puzzles, not too hard, not too easy, and with rock solid programming.Finally, Rakuen's music is delightful, perfectly syncronized with the feelings inspired by the plot.Rakuen provoke chuckles, tears and smiles. It brings back a warmth sometimes we forget that exist. It became one of my favorite games ever, and I doubt its place will ever be taken by another title.Thank you Laura, thank you very much for Rakuen."
76561198364111575,Recommended,559210,32091836,Posted: 31 May,all,Acid Kitten,"Let me just dry my eyes again.....this game is amazing!The characters are ALL totally unique, they have you relating to them in many different ways, the music is amazing and certainly helps set the mood in some emotional situations.One moment I was laughing at the funny jokes in the dialog and the next I was wiping the tears from my eyes as the game tugged on my heart strings!The game takes you through many different stories, all of which are tearjerking, funny, warm and sometimes a little scary and they all have their own hidden message for you to reflect on, you could learn a lot from this absolute masterpiece! I could talk about this game forever but to save me doing that I think you should buy the game and experience it for yourselves, I can promise you that you won't regret it."
,Recommended,559210,31758979,Posted: 14 May,all,@willoneill,"I'm not crying, you're crying."
76561198004358364,Recommended,559210,31771017,Posted: 15 May,all,ExtremelyBitter,"If you think you're the target audience for this game, you probably are.It's a game with a story to tell, and that's what it does. It's a story about grief and loss and regret and hope and accepting the inevitable. It's about acknowledging the awful unavoidable things that occur in life--disasters, illness, accidents, bad decisions--and how people can decide to handle the awfulness and the importance of understanding.It's a game split between a hospital filled with patients with long-term illnesses, and a brightly colored fantasy land populated with cute animals that mirror the occupants of the hospital. But the fantasy land isn't really a happy retreat from reality, and it's not a bright paint-job over a horrible truth. The kid-friendly atmosphere isn't trying to hide the brutal reality of what's happening, just to look at it in a different, brighter light.If a story-driven game with light puzzle elements and an unapologetically bittersweet story sounds good, you'll like the game. If not, you probably won't. To the Moon comparisons make sense, but I do think that Rakuen hits emotional notes that will resonate with a wider audience.And the game has a dedicated 'talk to Mom' button; more games could use a talk to Mom button."
,Recommended,559210,33159517,Posted: 2 July,all,Aurabeth,"I have never cried at the end of a videogame.Not in UndertaleOr in To The Moon.Not in any story-based game I have played or watched a playthrough on.I cried so much in playing Rakuen, I could probably fill up a sink with tears- of happiness and otherwise- and fill up a bucket to water my sky-island-reaching plant.I felt for these characters. I laughed at their humor and cried for their pain.This is why you should just buy the game- even if you think you know what will happen. Even if it was spoiled. Even if you have never played a game like this before,please buy this game.This game not only shows what small-dev groups can do, but what gamesshould be like.In the recent years of game sequels, game devs becoming lazy and creating terrible games, game creation that lacked a certain finesse,games that are full of happiness, sadness, humor, kindness- everything a good story gives- are the games that should succeed.Please help one of these great games, one full of something that means more than destroying monsters or enemies, succeed.Buy Rakuen."
,Recommended,559210,32016978,Posted: 28 May,all,RapperGerste,"Rakuen starts off slow, but never loses the player's attention until the heartbreaking end.What makes this game feel so special is, in my opinion, that it just feels complete.While there is still room for interpretation, the game will answer all relevant questions through itsgreat storytelling. And not only the main story is crafted this well, every character in this world feels unique, like a real living being.For 10 Euro (15 incl. Soundtrack - definitely worth it!!) I highly recommend Rakuen,because - even if it suffers under the same 'weaknesses' as other storydriven games, e.g. not offering enough gameplay, it does not need to hide behind To The Moon, Life is Strange etc. as it will definitely touch your feelings, and this game did it even more than any other game that I have played before.Please spread the word and give Rakuen a try even if you are not a fan of RPGMaker products,as this is the perfect example of a storydriven game highlighted with the right use of music at the right time.Thank you Laura Shigihara for this experience!"
,Recommended,559210,31786781,Posted: 16 May,all,Spanky Pie,"Rakuen is an emotional story-rich adventure game similar to To the Moon. It's light on gameplay, where you only move around and talk to people and interact with objects, as well as do some light puzzle solving. That said, its story is very strong and hits quite hard.Unlike To the Moon, there are multiple story arcs in Rakuen which relates to other individual patients within the hospital. There's very little crossover between the ""chapters"" except for your character's participation. Each story arc is for the most part very well-written and pulls at different heart strings, but personally, I feel that some resolve a little too quickly to build a strong connection between the player and the characters. Because of this, the climaxes did not hit me as hard as To the Moon did. Having said this, I still loved the game!The art style is beautiful and the soundtrack is amazing. The songs that accompany each chapter's ending helps drive home the payoff for each character. The voice of the singers are really good too, especially Laura. I just love her voice. I could listen to her sing all day! <3I did take issue with the fact that this game involves quite a bit of backtracking. A quick example is that you can find a key in place A to open a door in place B. And that room contains a key that will open a cabinet in place A. Most of the time, it feels like padding and quite unnecessary. However I can forgive it simply because the story is top notch.Overall, I'd say this game is well worth the asking price.To the developers, thank-you for sharing this journey with the world! <3What I played: The full game in about 8 hoursLike: The story, the characters, the art style, the musicDislike: BacktrackingRating: 5 out of 5"
,Recommended,559210,32697114,Posted: 23 June,all,Sugar Daddy,"I don't usually write these, but this game is worth the time.I had the game in my wishlist for a while, and decided to buy it now, and wow.This game has truely amazing artwork, everything is detailed, and it looks magical. The story is beautiful, had to hold back the tears alot, but I just couldn't.  From the beginning until the end, the whole time, it had me wondering what would come next, and I couldn't stop playing. The way every character has such an individual personality, and their own story makes the game feel very personal. I personally got to learn alot from this game, and I recommend everyone that has an interest for a sad/funny puzzle game, with some intense moments but also releaving ones, then go ahead and buy it right now! It will be 100% worth it."
,Recommended,559210,32242387,Posted: 7 June,all,Scott,"Rakuen is of the best story-driven adventure games ever released. It alternates between goofy humour, twee cuteness and utterly heartbreaking tragedy in a way that's similar to games like Undertale, To The Moon and Mother 3 and is every bit as good as those games are.It isn't completely flawless and may not be for everybody though. A lot of the gameplay consists of fetch quests that can, at times, feel a little bit like filler and  there are a couple of characters that are very archetypal, without a whole lot of depth. As mentioned before, the game is very twee. I like that, personally, but it could be off putting to some. If you don't like your games to be cute, then this isn't for you because this game is adorable. That's not to say it can't get dark though.The gameplay isn't all bad. It's a lot more involved than, say, To The Moon in that there are real puzzles to solve and even sections where you can die. None of the puzzles are hard but when they're not just fetch quests they can be engaging. Exploration is enjoyable and unlocking new areas and shortcuts in the map is very rewarding.The story is obviously the real star of the show and it's extremely good for the most part. The majority of the game is funny, lighthearted and a little bit surreal which makes the parts that aren't really stick out. As you can probably gather from the blurb, the game can be very, very sad when it wants to be but it can also be quite creepy. There's a lot of music that wouldn't feel out of place in a survival horror title and the game is very good at making you feel isolated and alone at times.The music and art are both beautiful and really make the world come alive. I don't think the story would be half as effective if either of these elements were weaker. From the ominous, to the chipper, to the tragic, every single moment is represented perfectly. The soundtrack also makes for a great listen outside of the context of the game.The whole game feels like an adaptation of some great children's novel. Even though the themes and content can get pretty heavy and even though the game is, ultimately, a very sad one, this is still something I wish I had as a kid. But even as an adult the themes feel relevant and resonate with me. It's like the game version of a Studio Ghibli film, there really is something for all ages here and it's both whimsical and tragic in equal measure.This is definitely one of my favourite games of the year so far. Wonderfully written, aesthetically beautiful and even pretty fun. Go buy!"
76561198030138794,Recommended,559210,31684956,Posted: 11 May,all,DNAbro,"First things first, despite some of the things I'm about to say about the game you should 100% buy it. This is the only game that I have played that has made me completely sob and cry so that in itself is incredibly special.Starting out with the postives. The stories that the game tells are quite good and leave a great emotional impact. Going inbetween the hospital and fantasy world creates an interesting gameplay dynamic. The characters that you meet in the fantasy world are mostly incredibly charming and are a joy to talk to. The spritework can range from ""yup this is an RPG maker game"" to ""wow that actually looks amazing."" The animations of some of the sprites definitely put a smile on my face and you can tell a lot of work went into them. The soundtrack is wonderful and while it probably won't win any awards, it fits the game perfectly and it was a joy to listen to. I got plenty of genuine laughs from the scenarios that occured in the fantasy world and had plenty of tear jerking moments. The ending hit me so hard I actually couldn't stop crying as the credits were rolling. I think anyone who has dealt with a relative or a close friend who had a long term illness will get more out of the story due to being able to relate to it.Some of the main problems I have with the game is that it feels at times tonally inconsistent in it's gameplay. You start out doing basic adventure game stuff, i.e finding items, seeing what people want, trying to solve problems, etc. This is how it plays for the first hour or so with no real emotinal punches before  it really gets into the meat of it which is helping and dealing with the problems of the other patients in the hospital. This is where the game gets sad in the story, and inconsistent in how it tells it.Without spoiling any of the details, the first one you have to go through feels radically different from the others. Going inbetween a completely twisted version of the hospital full of puzzles and enemies, which also gives you details on what has happened in the real world, and with a parallel story taking place in the fantasy world; it works incredibly well in telling an original story. The twisted hospital feels oppressive and creates fear and anxiety with what is happening in the story, through it's gameplay. The main problem is that this is the only part of the game that feels like that.The second you go through an abandoned house, with no where near the same atmosphere. Still similar puzzles but the oppressive atmosphere is gone. This could be fine if they didn't completely abandon it for the rest of the stories. The 3rd's ""puzzles"" mostly take place in the fantasy world, completely removed from the character's actual story. This portion while funny and entertaining, it was topped of with what just amounted to cutscenes to tell the story of what happened to the hospital patient. The 4th takes it even further and mostly relegates it to cutscenes with very little gameplay. The shift in storytelling feels bad due to the fact that the first one was more powerful due to how it's told. Being in a hospital is scary. Being sick is scary. Going through that and the catharsis you can get at the end of the first section felt good and you don't really get that in the later ones. It's just cutscenes, and while they are good cutscenes, it makes me upset that the first part was done better.While this above portion sounds incredibly negative, please don't let that deter you. The game designer in me just got a little upset because it could have been better. This game feels incredibly heartfelt and should 100% be played.Took me around 5 hours and 30 minutes to beat.8.5/10"
,Recommended,559210,33470010,Posted: 11 July,all,Ness1228,"I would consider the story and adventure that Rakuen provides to be on the same level as Hayao Miyazaki's works. If you enjoy a powerful story-based adventure, I'd definitely put Rakuen right up there with To the Moon."
,Recommended,559210,35007690,Posted: 16 September,all,Azure,"I never thought there would be a game that made me cry six times. The only thing I dislike about this game is how much tissues I used and how messy my face is!This game has an emotional story and touches your heart. Each character that is focused on in the game is presented well and very likeable.The music itself is beautiful and fits the atmosphere well. You got the emotional pieces, the comedic pieces and the joyous ones perfectly fit to the appropriate themes. I listen to the soundtrack every single day while remembering the game experience I had.There's no combat or grinding elements that other rpgs have. This is meant to be a laid back moment. But there are small parts where you need to be quick but its overwhelmingly a tranquil experience. If you want to relax, have a good time. Rakuen is #1 reccomended.If I need to scream to the world to get more people to play this, then I will."
,Recommended,559210,31914396,Posted: 23 May,all,Tiavayn DS2 Profile,"Note: I've played the game on my other account ""Tiavayn"" via family sharing. There's my playtime.Oh, boy... where do i even start?This game may be one of the best i've played in the last 2 years. Why? Let's come to that.""Emotional Rollercoaster"" might describe this title pretty well. But, one note here: Not these boring rollercoasters which go up and down. This? This can be compared to those rides where you hang freely, gettting thrown into one loop after another. This game takes your heart and soul and frequently changes between caressing and strangling.If you liked ""To the Moon"", you will like this one too. Maybe even better, as i do. But let's get to the facts.Graphic:It IS a RPG-Maker Game. Meaning, 640x480 with the option of turning on full screen, pixelated graphics are everywhere. But! It's not as apparent as in other games. There are beautifully drawn pictures of most of the characters who speak and high quality backgrounds. The world itself is crafted very well, unlike other RPG Maker Games it does not feel barren and empty, there are a lots of colours and everything feels like it just needs to be where it is. If you can look over the graphics, you will experience a fantastically written story.Story:While i won't spoiler, i have to say it's one of the saddest stories i've experienced in a game. Expect to change between laughing, because of witty and well written humour and crying, because of the events happening to the characters. These themself are, in short, lovable. Even the small side characters may crack a joke which makes you smile.Gameplay:Basic. Very basic. You don't fight. You get to run around, talk with a lot of people, investigate events, search every nook and cranny for collectibles and complete a variety of ""quests"", to progress the story. Occasionally you have a time based escape, which you can fail, but the game autosaves in about every room or area you enter, so it won't be that bad. It's a typical walking simulator, quite similar to ""To the Moon"". And while i took about 6 hours to complete the game, i'm sure you can do it in 4 or even less. So it's not much, but that is absolutely okay. The story has to end at some point and it does not feel rushed or stretched out. It felt right.Soundtrack:Awesome. For a RPG Maker Game? Absolutely outstanding. Not even the actual singing part of Laura Shigihara alone, but also the music in the game itself. It's catchy, it fits the mood of the scene. Very well done.As you may have deduced: I highly recommend this game if you can forgive the typical RPG Maker graphics. For 9,99€, you can't do anything wrong."
,Recommended,559210,31680949,Posted: 11 May,all,Serene NEO,"It's been a long time since I cried while playing games.If Undertale fills me with determination,then Rakuen gives me a brand-new definition of love, family, friendship and companionship.Thank you, Laura, for creating such an excellent game.Now I gotta cover these songs in 8-bit style ^^Oh, if anyone knows how to fold the origami hat, please do let me know!!!"
76561198242518492,Recommended,559210,31867694,Posted: 20 May,all,Subversive Element,"From the day I heard about this project I knew it was going to be gold and damn it do I love being right. Developed by singer/songwriter Laura Shigihara, who’s resume includes To the Moon, Rakuen is an adventure RPG that delivers so much in a short time. It’s a tale about a boy coming to terms with his own illness while helping those around him to do the same. The story is heartfelt and so very human that I would recommend the game to any who would listen. That’s not even taking into consideration the wonderful art, characters and of course the music that combine to make Rakuen one of the best games I’ve played this year. It’s also the only one that’s made me cry.For the full review :https://thesubversiveelement.com/news/2017/5/20/the-overdue-review-rakuen"
76561198147549114,Recommended,559210,34320800,Posted: 17 August,all,Puppy,"I don't write any reviews, so sorry if I'm bad with words. I just love Rakuen so much. I couldn't stop crying and sobbing, it was just so powerful and beautifully written. The music is lovely and could not fit any better to portray the emotion of each scene. It was one of those games that--even after finishing--I kept thinking about it as I tried to sleep and continued to cry. This boy, despite his own illness, tries his best to understand the troubles of others. He tries his best to stay strong. And it says so much. I wish I could show all the love I have for this game, but I can only express it through art."
76561198205680932,Recommended,559210,31929787,Posted: 23 May,all,Becko™,"I just finished the game.My, it's... It's a masterpiece. This game really takes you on a journey. I was worried the game was gonna be short, but it had perfect length and it was so rich on story, character development, all in its own pedagogic, signature way. Magical.With a magnificent key to details, this game is a tear-collector. From sadness and happiness, from listening to beautiful music pieces, to having your mind completely obliterated by a story I can describe no other way than meaningful. Rakuen is a game filled with passion, and strive for goodness. It leaves you with a feeling that you never ever want to do something mean to someone else. In your whole life.Something that Rakuen had that was completely unique for me to ANY other game that I have EVER played before, was that I got really emotionally attached to the credit song several YEARS prior to the game's release. ""Jump"" is, and will always be, one of my favourite songs. It is such a strong, strange and peculiar feeling to get nostalgic tears flooding down your cheeks from a game that you have never even played before... It was so remarkably beautiful.Thank you for this perfect game."
,Recommended,559210,32053082,Posted: 29 May,all,☭ Commissar Cuddly ☭,"Just finished the whole game in one day and I am truly impressedThe game is quite long (8-9 hours) so it's worth the cost, and I enjoyedeverysecond of it.The characters, settings, music, stories blend together very well to create a very emotional experience, which will make most people cry atmultiplepoints. o(╥﹏╥)oHad to write a review because a lot more people need to play this amazing game! ＼(｀0´)／, so don't hesitate to buy this wonderful product; thank you Laura."
76561198093063178,Recommended,559210,33774839,Posted: 24 July,all,Bogy345,- Gross sobbing can be heard in the distance -
,Recommended,559210,33678682,Posted: 20 July,all,Vicklyn,"This game i can say truly sends you on a journey from the very begenning, soundtrack is amazing, characters are cute and rememberable. The game as a whole is a great experience and for the price you cant pass this up!"
76561198071148314,Recommended,559210,34002120,Posted: 3 August,all,Luminositea,"Of course no game is perfect, but Rakuen comes pretty damn close.As an avid fan of story-driven games, I absolutely loved Rakuen. The story itself was beautiful, and I quickly became attached to each and every character as the game explores their past and emotions. Though, the soundtrack is definitely one of the best parts of this game.The only negative thing I could possibly say about this game is a few of the puzzles can seem a bit tedious to complete, however they are very easy and keep you interested as you explore the area surrounding the puzzles. I do recommend keeping a piece of paper and a pencil next to you while playing to write down clues you come across though, which will greatly help you in completing the puzzles. I also read a few negative reviews that said it was difficult to understand what to do next without reading a walkthrough, however for me I was able to complete the entire game without needing one (until I went back to complete the rest of the achievements I had missed). For most of the game you are able to receieve hints in-game whenever you need them, so a walkthrough really is not necessary for this instance.I also recommend that if you are looking to complete every achievement, you should make sure to interact with and explore everything you possibly can, as there are some achievements that are area or event specific and you cannot get back to them without loading up a save or restarting the game. Other than that, I would recommend an achievement walkthrough if you find that too tedious for your playstyle.Overall, if you enjoy story-driven games with amazing soundtracks, loveable characters, and an emotional storyline that will have you laughing and crying, I highly recommend giving Rakuen a try. It's well worth the full price, however if you can't pay that much, you can catch it on sale sometimes for about $3 or so!"
76561198002512132,Recommended,559210,31735337,Posted: 13 May,all,MC Buffalo,"There's a lot of people super-excited about this game for various reasons, and while I see why, I don't think the game is for everyone.  This game was made to appeal to a specific type of person, and I think enthusiastic hyperbole can backfire when it draws in people other than the intended audience, who are disappointed and end up calling the game bad.  It's not bad, it just fits a relatively small niche.  So I'm going to try to be honest here.First and foremost, Rakuen is super sugary saccharine sweet.  I'm not saying this as a criticism, I'm saying it because it's a central part of the experience, and the main thing that I think is going to divide opinions on the game.  Imagine the corniest cartoon Christmas special you've seen, then double the dosage of sap, complete with actual musical numbers.  If that sounds amazing to you, go ahead and buy the game.  If it's any kind of a turn-off, you should probably stay away.  If you need more details, well, they're forthcoming.While the game is sweet, it's also very sad.  The reason the game's world is so sentimental is because the plot is about people who need idealistic stories like that to help them come to terms with the tragedies of reality.  There's a running theme of being distant from loved ones in some way, and seeking any way possible to close the gap.  And, well, heck, the game takes place primarily in a hospital.  What direction do YOU think the story is going to go?So that covers tone, but is the story GOOD?  Well, I think the game accomplished its intended goals, and that's the only quality I can really measure.  Whether you like it or not really comes down to how you respond to the intensity of the emotions the game is going for.  If you don't embrace it for what it is, you're probably just going to be weirded out or even annoyed by all of it.  But if you're into it, let me tell you, once the game gets going, it does not let up.  Somehow the first time you're left sobbing on the floor isn't enough to prepare you for the two or three times it happens again right after that, even though you will see it coming.  Though to be fair, this doesn't describe the entire game; for the first 2/3rds of the game, you get plenty of breaks to dance around in sunshine and rainbows.  (Seriously, expect to see literal sunshine and rainbows in this game.  How is anyone still this idealistic in TYOL 2017?)At this point, you may be wondering what the gameplay is like before making a decision on whether the game's right for you.  If so, then you should probably just go ahead and give it a pass.  This is not a gameplay-oriented game.  This is an RPG Maker adventure game without combat, that is to say, gameplay consists of walking around a map and talking to people.  You're given fetchquest-style tasks to fulfill, there's a few light puzzles here and there, there's some items to collect, but really most of that is just to help keep you awake in between the moments that you're talking to people.  If you've played any RPG Maker game like this, you'll know exactly what to expect from this one.  This is a game to play for the story and exploration, not the gameplay.If you want another specific game to compare it to, I made the connection to To The Moon that a lot of other people seem to have made.  Very similar themes, except Rakuen covers more than just one person's story.Oh yeah, and it's worth mentioning the music, since it really does stand out.  Music's important to me and I honestly miss the RPG soundtracks from the days of the SNES and the original Playstation, and playing this game absolutely made me feel like I was playing something like Legend of Mana over again.  Arguably you could say that's more of a review of the soundtrack than the game itself, but one of the things I'm specifically nostalgic for is being able to explore a town and talk to all the people in it while listening to memorable music to set the atmosphere, music that was more than just background filler, music with a heart and personality that matched the town I was exploring.  Thanks to Rakuen, I got to do that again.That's about all I got, hopefully that's enough to make an informed decision.  In summary: Only SUCKAS don't play Rakuen!!!I'm sorry for the outburst.  This game makes me very emotional."
,Recommended,559210,33743420,Posted: 23 July,all,Peruvian King,"This is the first review I've written in years. It'l be difficult to write, but I feel obligated to. Rakuen doesn't have gameplay that'll blow you away, or visuals that redefine an industry, but you know what it does have? The single most powerful story I've ever experienced. Shigihara tells a story of loss, love, innocense, imagination, wonder, humour, and tearful joy mixed with soul shattering grief. You learn of the patients on your floor of the hostpital. You learn of their struggles, their regrets, and their reasons for having the personalities they do through their alter egos in the world of Rakuen. I won't spoil anything, because this story is something you need to play. But, the ability of this game to get you invested in its world(s) is unmatched by most other titles on this platform, with exceptions like To the Moon. While this game has general value to mean something to everyone, it held a resonance to me that I might hold on to for the rest of my life. I lost my mother to MDS, a bone marrow cancer that disables the immune system, last July before I finished High School. I was overcome with grief naturally, but I began to doubt if I was handling it right. I felt like I wasn't shook enough. I've had these feelings of of doubt and stress for the past year, but after hearing that one of my favorite musicians/ sound desgners made a moving tale about cancer and loss, I immediately picked this title up. I finished it in a day, and I think I cried more after finishing this game than in the past year as a whole. It taught me that I wasn't dealing with loss wrong, because everyone's story with loss is unique. This game gave me peace that no therapist could. Please buy this game. Do not hold back tears. Get invested in the characters and the world of Rakuen, for the payoff is far and beyond worth the sadness this game brings. While you might not experience the same gravity that I did, you will feel. I promise you.End note: Thank you, Laura Shigihara. You've done something for me that might have changed my life."
76561198149032993,Recommended,559210,31879351,Posted: 21 May,all,spicyriceman,"Beautiful, beautiful game. I give massive props to you, Laura Shigihara!10/10I haven't played a game so captivating and touching in quite a while. Laura has crafted something quite magical, I really felt it from the start of the game right until the end. I really enjoyed interacting with all of the characters and environment, and watching the story progress. I was taken on a journey that had many sad touching moments woven expertly with joy and humour to keep me thoroughly engrossed from start to finish.Definitely ranks as one of my favourite games - I hope you try it too!"
76561198046110035,Recommended,559210,33276238,Posted: 5 July,all,Earth,"I normally don't bother with posting game reviews since i normally can't be bothered by it, but i feel this game REALLY does deserve more recognition and publicity. I man up throughout the whole game (nearly choked on Sue and Tony's arc), but **SPOILER ALERT** that ending really did hit me hard.I got depressed for the following days. Highly recommend it to those who are seeking video games with deep and meaningful storyline.P.S Don't mind my gameplay hours, I played it on offline mode when my internet was cutted off and somehow steam didn't record it :("
76561198185729142,Recommended,559210,31956980,Posted: 25 May,all,shokolaet,"It was an honor to play this game! It's clear how much love went into every aspect of this game, from the characters to the art to the soundtrack. There is a perfect balance of warmth, humor, eeriness, sadness, hope... there were parts where I laughed out loud, parts where I was legitimately scared, and parts where I cried. Traits of a great story!The game really builds on itself as you go, reasserting itself until the end when the message is delivered straight to your heart, and it's a message that makes you rethink how you feel about life, makes you want to (at least for me) become a kinder, stronger person.Nobody embodies the theme of this story better than the character of the Mom. I knew she was going to be awesome and she was indeed my favorite character in the whole game! She's witty, kind, strong, and always there for you. It's so unique in the world of video games that you get to have Mom in your party. There were parts in the game where I was spooked or even downright scared, but the fact that she was with me made me feel surprisingly safe and reassured. Because she walks through the hospital patients' stories with the Boy, it was interesting thinking about how as an adult, her experience of the stories might differ from the Boy's experience.I also enjoyed the gameplay and how seamlessly the world of the hospital and the world of the Leebles were woven together.If you think you might enjoy a heartwarming story, then this is the game for you!"
76561198198227214,Recommended,559210,31759313,Posted: 14 May,all,Serenity_chan,"This game is 10/10, it takes you on an emotinal ride where it gets you laughing and crying. You get easily captured by the charatcers as they all have unique personailtes that makes each one of them their own speical one. We each new adventure you take you find yourself more enchanted by the story.I would recommend anyone to this game if they are looking for a story driven game, with amzing character design and amazing music"
,Recommended,559210,34761693,Posted: 5 September,all,Avenne,"Rakuen: A Master at making your eyes leak.No, I swear I’m not crying.The story of Rakuen in itself is a beautiful masterpiece. Every part of the story is exceptional. I have not felt this emotionally invested in playing a game since “To The Moon” back when it was first released in 2011.Every character in the game is mysterious yet they are written well enough to give you a better understanding of each and every one as the game progresses. Enough to grow an attachment, the want to keep playing to overcome their obstacles.Honestly, there is no point in typing out all the positives and negatives ( or lack thereof ). Rakuen is an emotional experience that will vary from person to person. The only option here is to give it a try and see how you feel for yourself."
76561198105453972,Recommended,559210,33375888,Posted: 8 July,all,M,"One of the best games I got during the steam sale, the game's story and soundtrack is truly beautiful! Consider getting this masterpiece."
76561198124168095,Recommended,559210,33669866,Posted: 20 July,all,Yume,"Sonunda Rakuen için bir inceleme yazmaya karar verdim!Rakuen oynarken sanki başka dünyalarda geziyormuşcasına size his veren,Laura Shigihara'nın huzur dolu sesi ve şarkılarını bolca duyabileceğiniz,size bir çok hissi yaşatan ve bunu yaparken de eğlendiren bir oyun.I am finally decided to write review for Rakuen!Rakuen is when you play that game that's feels like you're going another worlds.Also you're can hear a lot Laura Shigihara's peaceful voice and this game you can feel a lot emotion when you play game also you have fun when you do."
,Recommended,559210,33118568,Posted: 2 July,all,MedjoPangit,"Holy wow, I did not expect this game to have been this detailed.  There was so much thought, inspiration, hard work, and love put into this piece of art.  Albeit, the graphics and interface is very simple, the feels are incredible!  This game left me speechless in the best way possible, and left me with such inspiring and beautiful thoughts.  And let's not even begin to mention the music.  Who uses music as an actual part of a game plot?  Not many, anymore.  And Shigihara's music is absolutely perfect in this game.  All in all, I HIGHLY recommend giving this a go.  You will not regret it."
76561198035530733,Recommended,559210,33141808,Posted: 2 July,all,KingHippo,Haven't cried this much playing a game since To the Moon. Just an all-around masterpiece.
,Recommended,559210,35449633,Posted: 3 October,all,kaaso,"For me, Rakuen is a great showcase of video games as an art medium. Combining the cinematic storytelling with the exploration mechanics of classic Zelda titles, Rakuen is an incredibly personal project and you can really feel its creator's touch on every aspect of the game. As a non-combat, story-focused game created with RPG maker, I'll try to focus my review on these elements specifically.Thematically, it's probably easier to compare Rakuen to titles outside gaming realm such as the animated movie 'Spirited Away'. Rakuen's main themes are family, friendships and the duality of life & death, which it generally handles pretty well - even though the pacing, depending on the player may seem overly melancholic and in some instances even pushy. I've seen many people hype this game up mainly as a tear-jerker, what for me feels both as an overstatement and disregard to other parts of the story which I found great. I do think that Rakuen has a touching plot, but the real highlight for me was its amazing side characters and hilarious writing that acted as a good counterpart for the overrall sad tone.On a mechanical level, Rakuen shines. The limitations of the RPG engine and how the developer approaches them is often a good way of judging a game, and Rakuen feels like the framework was created for it and not the other way around. Completely dropping combat aspects works well, and the usually tedious puzzle-solving of RPGM titles is done in a way that entwines it well with the story. For me however, the enjoyability of said puzzles varied greatly. A classic Zelda-esque dungeon was an amazing experience, but some of the more cramped and ominous parts felt monotone and only times I wished for a peek in the walkthrough.Graphically Rakuen is a treat with good character design, beautiful enviroments and fitting effects. The unique artstyle coupled with original soundtrack might not be for everyone, but they really nail home the creator's passion for the project.Overall, Rakuen deserves the praise it's gotten - if it had been published to a handheld console ten years ago, it would be definitely praised as a classic gem by now. Even now, it's a great example for both what you can do with such a simple engine and the emotional depth you can create with a videogame."
,Recommended,559210,32074995,Posted: 30 May,all,Froody,These little RPG Maker games keep utterly breaking my heart. Rakuen is a precious joy to have played.
76561198047495857,Recommended,559210,31944952,Posted: 24 May,all,OdanUrr,"A small game with a big heart, that's probably the best way I can describe this game.Rakuentells the story of a hospitalized boy who one day asks his mom to accompany him to the world of his favourite storybook, Rakuen, to ask the Guardian of the Forest for a wish. However, before the Guardian grants his wish, he sets a series of tasks for the boy to complete that revolve around exploring and resolving the different troubles that beset the other patients in the hospital. Thus begins the boy's adventure as he travels between the hospital and the magical world of Rakuen, meets new friends, and faces different challenges, all the while unveiling the patients' stories as well as his own.While it reminded me ofTo The Moon, I'd say it plays more like the old Zelda games I used to play on my Gameboy Color, such asLink's Awakening. Exploration is tied to your progress throughout the game as you acquire new tools that open up previously locked paths. Puzzles are also present in this game, even if they are not particularly difficult to solve. They are all fairly intuitive and take a trial-and-error approach that never feels cumbersome. Do not however, expect combat, of any kind. While Link may need a sword and shield to do battle in monster-infested Hyrule, the world of Rakuen is quite peaceful and welcoming, and whatever ""monsters"" you may encounter cannot be defeated with a blade. There is still an inventory as you sometimes need to gather materials to build certain tools or collect special items to complete quests.The story itself is well-executed and incredibly moving. The game smoothly transitions between worlds to explore the lives of the patients, sometimes as characters in Rakuen, other times as their real-world selves. For instance, the grumpy old man is depicted as a bear in the world of Rakuen, and most of his story is explored there. On the other hand, the story of the little girl, Sue, is initially explored through your interactions with her at the hospital before transitioning to Rakuen as the story progresses. While every one of the patients' stories struck a cord with me, I must admit I really enjoyed Sue's story, mostly because of her interactions with the boy and her wonderful imagination. The game also has a few heart-warming surprises in store that I won't spoil for you.If I had to critique something however, it would probably be the fact thatRakuenspoils the ending very early on. While I admit it was something I had anticipated before playing, I did not think the game would be so blunt about it that early. It moved me to tears right then and there and I still kept playing it so it must have done something right. Also, bear in mind that the closer you get to the end, the more exposition you will see and the less gameplay you will encounter. Lastly, I was a bit taken aback by the scope of the boy's own story, even when there were clues sprinkled throughout the game that hinted at it. I feel however, that his story would have been tighter with a slightly narrower scope.On a technical side note, the game's resolution is limited to 640x480 due to the engine used (RPG Maker XP). While this never detracted from my enjoyment I put it out there so you're aware. Incidentally, this game is perfectly suited for play on a handheld like the 3DS, and I sincerely hope it comes to the Nintendo Store soon.The world of Rakuen itself is beautiful to explore, enhanced by the surprising variety of characters and the extensive and rich soundtrack. Seriously, the soundtrack on Bandcamp has 52 tracks, what's over an hour of music, with so many good tracks that it puts quite a lot of AAA game soundtracks to shame. Heck, the game itself puts many AAA titles to shame! For me,Rakuenis right up there with games likeTo The Moon,Bastion,Dust: An Elysian Tail, among others. A lot of love was poured into making this game and it shows many times over.Ultimately,Rakuenis a game I heartily recommend at full price. With a beautiful story that will move you to tears and a world well-worth revisiting,Rakuenis one of those rare gems that, sadly, go so often unnoticed. Should you happen to read this review, I pray that will no longer be the case."
,Recommended,559210,31764604,Posted: 15 May,all,chainreaction,"Tells a powerful story in a really original way. All of the technicalities and evocative artsy stuff come together as one. It flows really well, and it's filled with so many wonderful little details. Both sad and sweet, but the delivery is incredible. I could go on and on about the characters and art and development and music and atmosphere and all that, but.. when it comes down to it, each moment is crafted together for a complete package, and this game downright moved me. Aside from the many ways this game personally connected, it's also insanely polished, sometimes downright ingenius. The storytelling is especially unique - lots of parallels - I almost want to write an essay about it. Definitely a GOTY contender.Thank you, Laura and Co, for giving so much of your love and hard work for this. It shows.PS: Lil' Budz is my spirit animal."
,Recommended,559210,31826732,Posted: 18 May,all,cozmicdad,"Let me be clear up front, this game is fantastic.  It has one of the most emotional stories in video game history and characters you will adore.  It is fun from the first act to the last.  It constantly surprises you, delights you and makes you think.  It is 7-10 hours you will be extremely glad you spent.However, if you're like me you will only even see this game by accident because you have already blocked the RPGMaker tag on steam because there is so much dross built with it.  Ignore the fact it has the RPGMaker tag.  It's OK.  Trust me.  It isn't a typical RPGMaker game.  Forget it is even mentioned.  Fingers in the ears,  La La La La.Buy it now.  It's a bargain at full price.  If it's in a sale, buy it twice and give it to a buddy.  You won't have played anything close to as well written as this is.  Buy it because the script is awesome.  Buy it because the characters are supremely unique, imaginative and memorable.  Buy it because the story has emotional highs and lows you just won't have experienced in any game before, ever.  JUS T BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,559210,31897503,Posted: 22 May,all,Novakane732,"Sorry Final Fantasy 6 and To The Moon, but you have a new contender for my personal favorite for best story in a video game.To The Moon story was amazing with an equally amazing soundtrack, but I do believe Rakuen is the better product in the end.  It really is phenomenal and sets the bar for any other game with this target audience.  Really can't put into words about how good this game is, and it's easily a top 5 ALL TIME favorite of mine.Many onions will be cut.  A perfect blend of childhood innocence mixed with tragic adult themes, and I think it did it better then TtM.  Buy this game NOW!"
,Recommended,559210,31814682,Posted: 17 May,all,seyfahni,"Played three hours, already worth every cent!Update: Finished the game within 10 hours. I'm speechless, this is pure art."
76561198086735688,Recommended,559210,34383853,Posted: 20 August,all,dry.joh,"A beautiful game. You do not ""play"" Rakuen, so much as you experience this. It is a heart-felt journey that will stay with you long after the credits roll.  Gets you right in the feels."
76561198012070710,Recommended,559210,34268501,Posted: 15 August,all,InsomniaticFrenchToast,"Tl:dr Buy this game, support this developer.As with every Pro/Con list these things are subjective and based entirely on my preferences in both video games and story telling.Pros:The storyThe charactersThe art styleReminds me of a Studio Ghibli film (pick any of them)The music especially reminds me of GhibliDeals with complex feelings realistically. (I found myself empathizing with one of the characters because i had been in a similar situation)Cons:Repetitive puzzlesRandom timed puzzles (some that you can't win but it doesnt matter if you fail because you'll get the information you need later anyway)Linear Story ( I love the story don't get me wrong ILOVEit, but rpg's for me need to have branching storylines with choices making a difference in the final outcome)Overall:You can read all the other reviews that give you a synopsis of the game, or read the store page game summary itself.What I will mention is how  Rakuen is like an homage to my two favorite Studio Ghibli films. My Neighbor Totoro and Spirited Away came to my mind prominantly while I played this game.You play as a young boy, traveling with his mother in a world that is full of mystical things like forest spirits, dog spirits, spirits known as ""the envoy"". Very much like in Spirited Away, the young protagonist goes on quests to help these spirits, and in doing so learns more about the world and grows as a person.And while you help the villagers and spirits and try to awaken the forest god, things start to change back at the hospital as you learn more about your fellow patients, and the hospital itself.Speaking of your fellow patients, the game treats them as more than 2d characters with copy paste stories and copy paste dialogue. Each secondary character has their own independent backstory.  They have their own tragedies, triumphs, and struggles.The game treats these struggles with a great deal of care. Loss in various forms, abandonment, addiction. And yet it isn't overbearing. The characters have these issues, but they deal with them in realisitc ways. Maybe not always the best ways and maybe they wont make it out the other side unscathed. But its a very human journey."
,Recommended,559210,32173673,Posted: 4 June,all,maarcinn2,"Just finished the game. Really great story.If you want to  experience emotional rollecoaster do not hesitate. It's one of these games where your eyes sweat from time to time.The strong point of the story is that it's not very gloomy for the most of the game. The book world is very lively and filled with great characters. There are plenty of metaphorical situations, it's very easy to miss some small things for a long time just to learn later that some little aspects were actually big, emotional events.The music is very strong part of the game as well. Nothing less to expect when the game is made by Laura Shigihara. Awesome job! Also, at last the song ""Jump"" got it's game :) I've been wondering for years if it was from any game.The art is also top-notch. Great quality of pixel art. Not sure how much of it has been made exclusively for the game and how much was bought from ready asset packs. But it looks like a lot was exclusive.The only thing which was a little worse than the rest was GUI. Just a standard RPG Maker Main Menu template. The same for Save system and ingame Menu. Still, it's not very important.Thanks for this experience and I'm waiting for another one :) Keep up the great work Laura and the rest of the team!"
76561198301767182,Recommended,559210,33303820,Posted: 6 July,all,shallie222,"You can really feel the effort and love put into this game. It's the world, the characters, the story, and the little things that make you smile and tear up from time to time. This is why I play videogames. Sure, good graphics and button mashing can be fun too, but this is the essence, the pure experience, beautiful and artfully composed."
,Recommended,559210,31782025,Posted: 15 May,all,HiGuy,"Beautiful graphics and music, and a wonderful story. Recommended as long as you're okay with getting emotional. I thought I was going to be fine ... then the music started playing and ... no I was not fine. This hit me harder than To the Moon."
,Recommended,559210,31716392,Posted: 12 May,all,Cherrim,"I've been waiting a really long time for Rakuen. I fell in love with Laura Shigihara's music when I first played Plants vs Zombies almost a decade ago and have tried to follow her work ever since. I knew no matter what the outcome of the game she was working on, the music would be phenomenal. That's not to say I didn't expect great things from her across the board, but I definitely came into this thinking primarily of the music.Of course, the music did not disappoint but I really can't get over how GOOD this game was!!! It's a beautiful game with charming, memorable characters. You can honestly feel how much love went into each and every part of the game from its maps to its sprite designs, to its carefully told story. The world is so colourful and lovely, you can't help but want to explore every nook and cranny. Every NPC has such funny or interesting things to say that you'll find yourself going back through every map over and over just to eke out every bit of dialogue and worldbuilding this game has to offer. The game is pretty short--in an (almost) 100% run, it only took me about 9 hours (be careful--there's some missable collectables that will trip you up in the end if you don't follow a walkthrough), but it's 9 hours well spent. It's just the right length and it manages to get its themes and ideas across perfectly well without dragging it out. (Although I certainly loved the game enough that I was getting melancholic as I reached the end because I knew my time in the game's world was coming to an end!)And, like I said, the music is wonderful and it matches the game so well. You can really tell how much love went into it and I definitely bought my copy of the soundtrack before I'd even finished the game. :)tl;dr - This was truly an inspiring game that was worth the wait. I highly recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,559210,34241296,Posted: 14 August,all,Jedi Scoob,"Not once have I been so enthralled in a game. I played this game in one sitting because I absolutely could not stop. If you're down for great characters (and development!), wonderful music, and an emotional thrill, then do not hesitate to purchase Rakuen."
,Recommended,559210,31713945,Posted: 12 May,all,Angrist,"**Light Minor Spoilers**My playthrough time: 8.6 hours (I like to focus on exploration where possible).Rakuen offers all of the emotional themes expected from a game inspired by the excellent To the Moon.  The story is unique in that it wraps complex subjects like Dementia, long term Coma, and illnesses into a whimsical setting experienced through the eyes of a child, and it works.  Like To the Moon, the game focuses heavily in the character development over mechanical gameplay.  The main story is told through experiencing the backstories of several character you meet throughout the game; each with their own arcs complete with high and lowpoints.  The arcs takes you through a main overworld reality and a very stylized ""alternate"" reality; which, influence eachother at specific points throughout the game requiring the player to switch between them to solve certain puzzles.Pros:Excellent Story.Fantastic music (Do yourself a favor and pick up the Soundtrack version).Relatable and interesting characters.Appealing art design, especially in the alternate reality.Mom offers hints if stuck and adds to dialog between characters. The true MVP of this game.Neutral:The puzzles are mostly simple and this could be a pro or a con depending on your outlook.There is a lot of walking between places.Cons:Limited by the RPG Maker framework (Controls mostly, no resolution selection, and no volume settings).Controls behave like in To the Moon.  They are awkward at times (uses arrow keys, enter, and Q for example) and cannot be reassigned.Areas involving confined spaces with multiple turns/zig-zags are troublesome to navigate at times because of the controls.The main story arc is a bit predictable, but still offers some surprises.  Although, the payoff will still hit hard even if you know it is coming.One-shot experience.  There isn't much to replay value.All in all, I enjoyed my time in Rakuen.  Even at full price, it is a game worth picking up."
,Recommended,559210,34434047,Posted: 23 August,all,Sparta,"A sweet little story. I eanestly feel that I can not say much more without spoiling the story for folks- though it is likely to pull at your heart strings. The game was well polished, the music and atmosphere were spectacular, and the game suffers nothing from the choice in art style or the engine upon which it was built. While it has not supplanted To the Moon as one of my favorite games in recent memory, it is certainly right up there."
,Recommended,559210,32208934,Posted: 5 June,all,[ZORN] Kirimai,"this game looks so simple, yet is has so much depth.the story totally got me hooked, even if its a sad storywithout a real happy endsuch a beautiful gamestory : 11/10"
,Recommended,559210,32000246,Posted: 27 May,all,desertkona,"Develop by compeser as well as songwriter from To The Moon was born Rakuen.RPGMaker-based game that is rich amazing Music and very deep story.Storywise I think is almost same or maybe better than the quality compare to the moonMusic do not ask, guaranteed that you will love it.Gameplay might be better than To The Moon.WORTH IT"
76561198078784062,Recommended,559210,32007382,Posted: 27 May,all,Tozo,"A beatiful game. The story is very good. As soon as you start to forget about the harsh reality, it hits you in the face and laughs at you."
76561198181756565,Recommended,559210,32329310,Posted: 10 June,all,SubZeroExtrabyte,"That was literally the most emotional game i ever played. It was more of a Journey and an expirience than an actual game, but that just made it better. Every single quest felt real and usefull. It was the first game that made me cry. And that multiply times. I can recomend this game to everyone who has a lot of fantasy and is okay with crying his or her eyes out.It was probably one of the greatest games I ever played. Up on my list next to the witcher and Assassisn Creed Brotherhood.Laura, you should not thank me for playing. I should thank you for creating such a masterpiece.*sorry for bad english, german her*Afterwards I had to punch a wall to fell manly again"
76561198046234838,Recommended,559210,34698300,Posted: 2 September,all,danielnusekabel,"This is one of the most emotional, beautiful games I have ever played. With simple gameplay and characters that give you the warm fuzzies, it creates a beautiful world and weaves a story of all the different kinds of love. The ending not only made me cry, but my fiancee and I cried together just from talking about it. I am glad to have had the opportunity to see such a story of sacrifice and strength. I saw more real strength in this game than in all the sword-swinging RPGs I've touched."
,Recommended,559210,33341675,Posted: 7 July,all,E m i l y,"This game made my soul ache. I felt the pain of the characters so deeply, the ending of the game took me by surprise (a breath of fresh air), and though I think the game could have benefitted from some expository dialogue in places, I was left a mess. I highly recommend this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,559210,33420862,Posted: 9 July,all,anonynamja,"Rakuen is an 8 hour or so rpgmaker style adventure developed by Laura Shigihara, best known for composing for Plants vs Zombies and To The Moon, the latter of which is what this game resembles most. The player takes the sick kid protagonist and his mom on a magical realism quest to a fairytale world full of colorful cartoon characters, while trying to resolve the issues of his hospital neighbors and their parallel world counterparts. Along the way, you explore dreamscapes and solve various puzzles (nothing too advanced), and if you're so inclined, find collectibles. As expected, the art and music are very well done, way above the standard rpgmaker fare. The writing succeeds at its sentimental melodrama, though some bits felt a bit heavy-handed, and the story is fairly straightforward/conventional fare, don't expect an Undertale surprise or anything. All things considered it was pretty charming."
76561198054263476,Recommended,559210,31799581,Posted: 16 May,all,BnH247,"My second ever review and of course it is a not triple AAA game. 10/10 amazing work in all dimensions, the storytelling and way the game makes you think about life and so many meaningful messages was so powerful that my usually burnt outself felt it and teared up multiple times. Surprises around every corner and very rewarding to explore and find all of the humor and little things to appreciate in the game. I would spam recommend and share this game and will be making a video on it for sure.My advice though is to put yourself in an environment where your immersion is not touched for even a single moment, this game deserves all of the attention from start to finish."
,Recommended,559210,31767296,Posted: 15 May,all,Spookyhort,"A wonderful and heartwarming game that will make you laugh, cry, and appreciate life. It's a story and puzzle based game that will keep you on your feet with a brilliant soundtrack."
76561198174206861,Recommended,559210,31717682,Posted: 13 May,all,yannou,"I just finished the game and I'm full of emotions. It's the feeling you get when you love a game so much that you're happy you experienced it but sad because that experience is coming to an end. It's been a long while since a game has hit me so hard that I'm still reeling. I don't think I can properly express how much I love this game, with its quirks and humor and superb storytelling. I wholeheartedly recommend this if you love To the Moon and the Mother series; the quality of this game is on par to them."
,Recommended,559210,33552837,Posted: 14 July,all,NyappiCat,"Rakuen is an absolutely stunning game with atear-jerkingstoryline about aterminally illboy who sets out to explore a hidden parallel world with his mother, in the quest to have his wish fulfilled. It is therefore more story-based, but does have simpler game-like elements such as exploration, collecting items and solving riddles. Furthermore, the game's creator Laura Shigihara worked on Freebird Games' To The Moon, so it comes as no surprise that Rakuen is heavily inspired by this story-heavy modern classic, and even pays homage through an Easter egg (did you find it?).As it is a game that inherently stresses the importance of the story rather than the gameplay itself, you will find that much care was put into making the game relatable; as the boy and his mother help people along their way, you uncover some very realistic issues(Korea-Japan relations, the aftermath of family tragedies, how a gambling addiction can tear a family apart). I must also applaud the organic mother-son interactions, as well as the use of music and sound to create suspense. They also did a very good job of connecting the two worlds in interesting ways, which made the story a lot more interesting since you must make progress in either world in order to see changes in the other. This constant travel through different portals also nicely symbolizes the dreams and imagination of the little boy.I do, however, have some criticisms towards this game. One would be that I wish they hadn't been so explicit in giving hints on how to solve some puzzles. Now I'm not talking about the hint function, but rather, when you receive a quest or puzzle you are eager to solve on your own, the NPCs will say something like ""Ooooh I would loooove to go to that island, if oooonly I had a boat so I could go there. It would be so great if someone could make me a boat. If only"". Now that may perhaps be slightly exaggerated, but my point still stands: the game doesn't always give you chance to solve things on your own, which is quite a shame. The reason I think this is important to mention is that since the game is so story-heavy, I believe it needs to justify itself as an actual game, in order to not come off as just an interactional visual novel.Now this may just be personal preference, but I find that the frequent use of lyrical songs - although charming when used sparingly, and while it is something that sets it apart from To The Moon - got a bit cheesy. Yes, they were strategically placed throughout the game, but they would still be a bit sudden and made me feel less immersed in the game. That being said, I do thinkSue's song was very suitable and was well integrated into the actual game, rather than just being a random solo in the middle of a conversation.Overall, it is a lovely game which needs more recognition. It gives you a very fair amount of gameplay (I got about 7 hours and I played it all in one go) and more importantly, it is something I believe is worth experiencing."
76561198207366769,Recommended,559210,34304163,Posted: 17 August,all,MorbidSnigel,"This game, wow. I have never cried this much during a game. The characters are lovely, the game looks pretty, the music is amazing, it's fun, and the story it's just .. pure magic."
76561198041625063,Recommended,559210,31806362,Posted: 17 May,all,Pixxel,"I have been waiting for this game for over two years now. ""To the Moon"" is one of my favorite games, so I could barely wait for Rakuen ever since it's been announced. But when the time came where the game was released (to be honest, i missed the release by five days, dammit!), i was afraid that my expectations of the game would have been growing too high and in the end, i would be disappointed with it.I did have high expectations, but this game is everything i could have wished for, and so much more. First off, as to be expected if you know Laura Shigihara's work, the music is absolutely beautiful. Adding to that is that my favorite song by her in the game! The story is put in place really well, and it's heartwarming and heartwrenching. I won't go deeply into it as, in my honest opinion, it should be experienced through the game itself. Just know that it definitely touched me deeply.As it is a purely story-driven game, the gameplay is kept very simple and it doesn't take away from the experience at all. I think more of it would have taken away too much focus from the story, but I can see that some people might find it boring.To end with a (modified) quote from a wise person: The point I was trying to make was that I played a game today, and I liked it a lot. It was pretty great. No. In fact, it was perfect.Thank you for this masterpiece."
,Recommended,559210,31847399,Posted: 19 May,all,LiteFox,"I cried. I cried more than I've done for to the moon. Oh gosh Laura, you did it! :')I started playing your game and I noticed that, even if beautiful, it lacked something...then, in the end...all the pieces come together and *BOOM*, your hearth strikes a lot more than before while the story digs a way into your soul.It's the most wonderful story I've ever seen.THANK YOU!"
,Recommended,559210,32088473,Posted: 31 May,all,Yussra,"The best RPG I've ever played, Rakuen presents a rich and beautiful fantasy world that mirrors the grim reality of the hospital where Boy is staying. This game is insanely creative in its design, and its artwork is truly fantastic. The characters and dialogue absolutely cracked me up, and had me sobbing. Best of all are the sweet, adorable interactions between Boy and Mom. As you help the other patients in the hospital heal psychologically from the disturbing twists offered by the dark side of humanity, combat an unsettling past with optimism and an uncertain future with love on this wholesome, shining journey through the experience of a brave little boy and his incredible mother."
76561198018959316,Recommended,559210,31817499,Posted: 18 May,all,schoolteachertim,"Simple. Relatable. Real. Fantastic. Deep. Broad.Powerful and Beautiful.A game with a huge heart and a surprisingly consistent voice that keeps filling you with wonder. The two main characters are Boy and Mom. Their relationship is the bond that forms the cohesive heart of this story, as you watch Mom be the angel guide for her Boy as he goes through the biggest challenge of his life. He meets people going through very relatable trauma and illness and it doesn't pull its punches. It lets you into the lives of people meeting hardship head-on, and shows you that you too could face these hardships and come out OK. It's possible. It gives you strength just to see the characters in this tale find reasons to live despite the terrible trials they face.And oh, the characters you meet in Rakuen and how lovely are they? So awash in hope and joy in their surroundings and so intimate is the writing, you are helpless to not see them as real, living beings with fears and dreams.I haven't even finished it yet. I'm near the end and I fear finishing the story because I know that it will be hard to put this world down.<3"
76561197967654397,Recommended,559210,33313643,Posted: 6 July,all,Lakrits,One of the best games on steam...
,Recommended,559210,31844548,Posted: 19 May,all,Nine-S,Amazing.The first game that got me to tears since Persona 3 many years ago.
,Recommended,559210,31865340,Posted: 20 May,all,Heracliff,Mom is best char. <3 loved this game 10/10 recommend to anyone who's played or has an interest in playing games with lovable character personality and minimalistic gameplay/ story-rich games like Undertale and To The Moon. ♥♥♥♥ Be warned that your heart will be tenderized (like how you cook meat) and then cut in half. </3
,Recommended,559210,31973152,Posted: 26 May,all,Kuugy,- Winston's story: (; . ;)- Tony's story: ( ; .  ;  )- Kisaburo's story: |\(; _  ;  )- Sue's story: _(;_;」∠)_- Ending scene: ε/̵͇̿̿/’̿’̿ ̿( TT Δ TT)Re-playing  the ending scene six times. It still ♥♥♥♥s me up.10/10 would recommend if you're never wanna feel manly again.
,Recommended,559210,33166597,Posted: 2 July,all,Average Potato,"I'm not crying, you're just an onion."
,Recommended,559210,31713356,Posted: 12 May,all,Neah,"This game is absolutely incredible, if you're a fan of To The Moon, this game hits very similar emotional notes, but it's a few hours longer, prepare to cry your eyes out."
76561198022668262,Recommended,559210,32083178,Posted: 31 May,all,Deteria,"I enjoyed every second of it. The story will be in my memory for a long time. The game tells many important stories. every character in this world is unique and they are like a real living being.I highly recommend Rakuen,Thank you Laura Shigihara for making this game!"
76561198071680781,Recommended,559210,32831518,Posted: 26 June,all,vanommering92,"I really loved the atmosphere of this game, and the subtle storytelling. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for games that prioritize story over gameplay."
76561198089212191,Recommended,559210,32870367,Posted: 27 June,all,Clemmy Clue,"After completing this game, I can say that it is a very heart-warming and tear-jearking story. It was especially sad finding out thatthe boy had cancer and the ship was like a metaphor for the afterlife I think...?If you're looking for a game with a good story this is for you. However, the puzzles aren't all that hard (mostly switches  you need to flip a certain way and bulletin boards to read). Characters are charming, soundtrack is amazing, and it is very satisfying to collect everything for the room. Although I would  reccomend adding an achievement for Sue's marbles."
,Recommended,559210,32966736,Posted: 28 June,all,★•♥Eevee★•♥,"The most beautiful game I have ever had the chance to experience. The story pulls you in and doesn't let go even to the end. Without a doubt, worth every single penny, infact even worth so much more. I just finished the game and I am still in tears from the happiness and pure sorrow, Rakuen sends you on this wonderful rollarcoaster ride. 10/10. Amazing. Wow. Can't even find the words.."
76561198204232508,Recommended,559210,32038826,Posted: 29 May,all,LethalDeath,"10/10 for this masterpiece.I know a man shouldn't cry but well, this game shouldn't be completed without tears.A mingling of fantasy and reality, combined with a genius music created by my favorite composer.In the end, noone knows if the world of Rakuen (Japanese for heaven) truly exists, or this is just an imagination of a mother who lost her son to cancer.I prefer the former, as the latter is too tragic to bear..."
76561198028998995,Recommended,559210,32048717,Posted: 29 May,all,PoodleDoodleDoo,This game tore my heart into pieces and stomped on it.And I enjoyed every second of it!
76561198150962748,Recommended,559210,32277375,Posted: 8 June,all,Wee-Dude9,"Easily in my top 3 best games! The story is incredible and it had me in literally tears, fits of laugher and left me with a general good feeling inside as I played. Extremely recommended, definatly worth the price."
,Recommended,559210,33329763,Posted: 6 July,all,"Robopope, the Robot Pope","It's been days since I finished this game and the story, characters, and especially the ending are still fresh in my head. The comparisons to To the Moon are 100% justified. Every character feels three-dimensional, every location feels lived-in. The story deals with some dark and heavy topics, such as losing a family member, racism, dementia/Alzheimer's, etc, but it's all handled very well without feeling like it's being smashed over your head. There were at least four separate times in the story where I actually teared up.But most importantly, it's a game about being friendly. The whole point is to be kind and helpful to everyone you know, and in return, you'll make friends who want to be kind and helpful for you. It just feels good to play a game with that kind of message.Ultimately, if you're a fan of story heavy games, and if you're okay with dealing with some prickly, mature topics, then by all means buy this game and support the creator and her crew. She definitely deserves all the praise she's been given for this."
,Recommended,559210,31807079,Posted: 17 May,all,DebatEDNothing,Good game but I think my enjoyment was hampered towards the end by some kind of ninja that snuck into my room and started cutting onions or something. Weird.
,Recommended,559210,31789762,Posted: 16 May,all,almosdd,"Still halfway to go.. but i think this game deserve more attention! :DI love the story, how every character interact, talk to mom button, THE MUSIC ❤, and everything exist in this game! XDAnd for the dev..keep up the good work!:D"
76561198180422522,Recommended,559210,31868453,Posted: 20 May,all,MagicalCheese,I'm not crying really i'm i'm just sweating through my eyes
76561198055318792,Recommended,559210,31742504,Posted: 14 May,all,greatdhane,An emotional ride.It was well written and well paced with decent puzzles that were never so challenging so as to distract from the story.Quite simply a must play and well worth full price.
76561198074854753,Recommended,559210,32222922,Posted: 6 June,all,Maquannas,"Amazing game with a great story, lots of feels and fun puzzles! I would recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198086636996,Recommended,559210,32190282,Posted: 4 June,all,Ilikebeans97,"If you like story based games I REALLY recommend you this game.This game is a piece of art, it tells you the story of many different characters in a perfect way.Really recommended game!"
76561198054619742,Recommended,559210,31839860,Posted: 19 May,all,oum not Rvder,ปกติผมเป็นคนที่โคตรเกลียดเกม พิกเซลเลยเเละตอนเเรกผมกะจะซื้อเกมนี้เพื่อเอามารีฟันเล่นๆ เเต่กลายเป็นว่าเกมนี้ทำให้ผมเพลิดเพลินได้จนเกิน 2 ชั่วโมง โดยสิ่งเหล่าที่เจอในเกมเอาผมจนอยู่หมัด-เพลงที่โคตรดีจนเสียดายที่ไม่ได้ซื้อ soundtrack พ่วงด้วย-หน้าตาตัวละครที่น่านำไป fanart เป็นอย่างยิ่ง-เนื้อเรื่องที่ทำให้ผมร้องไห้เหมือนเขื่อนเเตก-มุกตลกน่ารักที่จะทำให้คุณ Feel good ไปกับมันเกมนี้เป็นเกมเเรกเลยก็ว่าได้ที่ผมอยากให้เป็นกระเเส อยากให้มีคนพูดถึง อยากเห็นนักวาดเทพๆ Fanart เกมนี้ผมขอให้10/10 สำหรับเกมนี้เเม้จะราคากลางๆเเต่คุณภาพเกินคุ้มจนต้องร้องว่า Oh MA MA
76561198040851928,Recommended,559210,33250411,Posted: 4 July,all,metamoogle,"Playing Rakuen feels like being enveloped in a big, warm hug."
,Recommended,559210,32844730,Posted: 26 June,all,MiniTaurus,"First room, googling patient drugs list, instant cry TT.TTFeels trip from start to the end, with happy and sad moment interacting with other patient, and dearest mom TT.TT"
76561198179508985,Recommended,559210,33734957,Posted: 22 July,all,Kasana_07,"HOLY BALLS OF FIRE IS THIS GAME GREAT! Not only is the music, INCREDIBLE! But the story is so gripping and beautiful. Many tears were shed.tl;dr      If you want a well written story, with great music, and you enjoy puzzles and crying, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,559210,32260297,Posted: 7 June,all,cynthistic,"Rakuen is easily one of the best games I have played to date.  In addition to the stunning pixel graphics and amazing music, this game has so much depth in its stories.  A truly emotionally intense adventure story that's quite straightforward with it's plot as well as gameplay.  While I usually hate replaying games, I've replayed some parts up to 3 times.  Highly recommend this game, very much worth the price."
,Recommended,559210,32809443,Posted: 26 June,all,One Good Story,"This game made me felt happy and sad. I love the storyline! It fills in so much! so much to do! it was funny too! I LOVE IT!! I will go back and play it more to get all of the achievments! so close yet so far! but oh my, did my tears came out while playing, I gotta say its really well done! those who don't mind crying and understanding that this actually happens in the real life time/world. GIve this game a shot! I difinitively recommend this game!!! Oh my gosh I love it! I wish I could screenshot it but I got so caught up with the story I even forgot to eat my dinner haha!"
,Recommended,559210,33643980,Posted: 18 July,all,EpicWolverine,"If you liked To The Moon and/or Undertale, you will love Rakuen. Its well developed and memorable characters will captivate you, its soundtrack and attention to detail will immerse you, its jokes will make you laugh, its harsh realities will make you cry, and its story will enchant you. A must play for anyone who likes an almost entirely story-driven game.My only issues with the game are all technical, and they are the result of using RPG Maker XP for the game engine. The game is locked to 640 x 480 (but will stretch in full screen, press Alt+Enter to toggle, I wish there was a way to pillarbox it in fullscreen), gamepad support is shakey at best (RPG Maker sorta supports it if you press F1, but my Steam Controller only half worked (and could not be reconfigured like normal) and my Xbox One controller didn't work at all until I set up x360ce in DirectInput mode and fiddled with the F1 bindings until I got something that made sense), and the Steam overlay doesn't work. It's all worth it though."
76561198082339289,Recommended,559210,31815595,Posted: 17 May,all,ELEMENTACIOUS,"Was expecting feels, and feels were delivered.Surprised me with the amount of humor and the overall quality of the writing. Initially, I was worried that the young boy protagonist and his fantasy world would make the story too childish and innocent for me to enjoy, but I was pleased to see that my fears were unfounded: Characters in this game show real strength in the face of very real and scary problems. The story also had some genuine twists and turns that kept me hooked until reaching the game's end.The music and art in this game are also absolutely gorgeous. The game is almost a musical with the amount of songs the game's developer has included, and they all flow well with the story. Visual effects and expressive character sprites make the game stand out when compared to typical RPGMaker games.Flaws:-Completionists be warned, this game has missable collectibles and achievements.-Although the game has an expanding labyrinth of shortcuts, there is no fast travel or other abilities to get around faster when backtracking.Overall this game is fun, and very powerful. Absolutely a worthwhile experience!"
76561198067139860,Recommended,559210,31843688,Posted: 19 May,all,Narcolico,There are no words to describe how beautiful this game is. Do not compare it with other games; this one has an identity of its own. The music is great and the ambience is spot on. A must buy if you have lived something similar with family in the hospital...
,Recommended,559210,31891289,Posted: 21 May,all,adrian.oconnor,"This game is beautiful in the same way that Grave of the Fireflies is a beautiful film - it sort of gently wanders through the magic and joy a loving human being can bring the world in little, every day kinds of ways. And then it wraps it up with a sad and poignant ending like you wouldn't believe..The controls can be a little bit frustrating -- I guess that's an RPGMaker thing -- but I didn't for one minute consider it an actual problem. The story, the adventure, the graphcis and the sound are so good that they more than make up for any RPGMaker quirks.This is going to stay with me for a long time. I'm really glad I played it."
76561198163517880,Recommended,559210,33469706,Posted: 11 July,all,TakingOnTheWorld,"This was the most wonderful game journey I've ever been on. Rarely do stories make me cry but this one, when I finished it was just too good. 10/10 x forever"
76561198085233426,Recommended,559210,31806968,Posted: 17 May,all,lisa needs braces,"I have never played something that made me cry so damn much. And I don't mean a few tears - I mean full-on sobbing, complete with disgusting sounds. If you don't shed a tear at this, I conclude that you have a problem with your tear ducts.Rakuenis a beautiful game that explores death and dying in a heartbreaking yet peaceful way. Each character's story arc is unique, yet all are suffering from something terminal. The game sees the main character, Boy, and his mother unravel the history of each of their fellow patients via an imaginary world filled with lovable and familiar people.The music is phenomenal. Each piece is intricately composed to really reflect the area you are exploring. The artwork is similarly done; it is simplistic without lacking in grace. I'm a big fan of sprites, and this is a top-class example of how a sprite-game should look and feel whilst playing.I should also note that although it doesn't say this,controllers are suppported. I played the entire game through using a PS4 controller via Steam Link with no problems whatsoever.Overall, a 5* game. I wish more games made me feel this beat-up after playing!"
,Recommended,559210,31875537,Posted: 20 May,all,lcaptain47,This an absolutely amazing game. I will recommend it to everyone I can! The story is just so beautiful. You will not regret buying this game!
,Recommended,559210,31877182,Posted: 21 May,all,skitch_84,"This is a very special game. Both heart-warming and heart-breaking. As you play you learn to know the characters and their stories, their personalities, and you grow to care for them. The gameplay itself is very simple, with fun puzzles and exploration, and no combat. The soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal, as would be expected from Laura Shigihara (with a couple of guest artists as well). I wholeheartedly recommend Rakuen."
,Recommended,559210,31813508,Posted: 17 May,all,Wing,Probably the best story-based game I've played.
76561198380895425,Recommended,559210,31892663,Posted: 21 May,all,hi,"i'll admit it- i cried. multiple times. this game broke something in me and i absolutely loved it. the soundtrack, the characters, the art style, it was beautiful and mysterious and perfect. i wish i could go back in time and play this again. really nice."
,Recommended,559210,34668348,Posted: 1 September,all,atrus,"Rakuen is a lovely interactive adventure story. Gameplay is very light, very casual. Younger players will have no trouble, and they'll enjoy the themes, while older players will get more out of the story, which is deep, and emotionally engaging.Wonderful soundtrack, gorgeous 16-bit-ish art styles.Great for fans of To The Moon, as well as Tell-Tale-style adventures that focus on the story more than the gaming mechanics."
,Recommended,559210,34526682,Posted: 27 August,all,Sophie-swan~!,"I rarely review games I play but this is so amazing, I have to. I'm still working my way through it but the game is enchanting. Everything from the art, gameplay and soundtrack to the emotions the story conveys is absolutely incredible and just work so well together. If you're on the fence about this, jump. Get it. A library gem <3"
76561198095728464,Recommended,559210,32404674,Posted: 13 June,all,cmdrnilles,"A fnatstic, short story driven game. Absolutley worth the price, one of the best games I've played this year."
,Recommended,559210,32412416,Posted: 14 June,all,dreamazeballs,"This game brings tears, laughter and so much interesting ideas and concepts that is just amazing. It's just good."
,Recommended,559210,34667396,Posted: 1 September,all,✯╬※Deathlef※╬✯♥ツ,sue ... </3
76561198121487648,Recommended,559210,31923532,Posted: 23 May,all,GamePlays,"Hello everyone this game was such a joy to both discover and play.It was such a pleasure to play this hidden gem and I hope more people just purchase this game and give it a try, you won't be disapointed.If you would prefer to watch the video review instead of reading the written review then  just click the link belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BdVgjT560k&ab_channel=GamePlaysSo what is Rakuen ?Well Rakuen is a 2D top down non combative roll playing adventure game with a similar look and feel to the 16 bit super nintendo/sega era ( think of games like the legend of zelda )This game has a very similar play style.It's a game by Indie developer Laura Shigihara, who also by the way produces and perfoms some the music and songs in this game which really helps contribute to the telling and the actual feeling of the story.Now the name Rakuen is a Japanese word which when translated in to English means pleasure garden or paradise, and this is where a lot of the game takes place.You play as a young boy who wears a cool paper samurai hat and is lying in a hospital bed for some reason, his mother frequently reads the book Rakuen to him.you learn that Rakuen or the pleasure garden is a wonderful magical land where a mysterious creature lives who is the guardian of the forrest and this guardian has the abilty to grant wishes and if the boy wants to they can visit this place together, the boy states he would like to visit the guardian to make a wish.Now to help releive the boredom of being cooped up in your hospital bed the doctor allows you to explore the hospital.As you begin to explore you realise that the hospital has been damaged in some way, the reason for this will become more apparent as the story progresses.As you continue around the hospital you encounter various patients each with their own individual personality, story and problems.Their problems touch on some very dark and real world issues such as loneliness Dementia bullying and even death.this really gives the characters some meaning and depth, it makes you actually care about what happens to them.Now The patients ask you to do various tasks for them such as retrieving lost items or collecting certain materials or solving basic puzzles, but in order to do this you find youself traveling back and forth to a parallel universe that is connected to reality through mysterious doors that appear, these doors will give you access to the stories fantasy world.Now When you first arrive in this fantasy world you will be accompanied by your mother, your mother simply helps aid you in the telling of the stroy.you can speak to her for hints about puzzels or if you just forget your objective, other than that she really serves no other purpose which is a shame as i think there could have been more interaction with one another but thats just a minor gripe.However she plays a major and poignant and down right emotional role towards the end of the game, So you've been warned.So You both head off to see the guardian of the forrest and find out that he has been in a deep slumber for some time, in order to wake him and for him to grant you your wish you must first find and collect various songs that tie in with all of the patients you have met, thus creating individual story archs and quest lines for the patients you have met along the way.the Weird and wonderful creatures that you will encounter in this world are actually some of the patients back in the reality of the hospital, for example an angry bear in the fantasy world who is terrorising a village is actually a grupmy old man named Tony in the hospital, he asks you to help him fix his music box.This involves you carrying out quests in both worlds and by completing these quests in the fantasty world it has a knock on effect in reality.By doing this you learn more about their past and hear their stories which brilliantly cross over from the fantasy world in to reality.This is a very simple format used through out the game, yet it works so well.Now as you navigate your way through this world  you will notice how happy and bright and colourful and cheerful it is which is a complete contrast to the gloomy monochrome drab look and feel to the hospital.Giving the world a sense of escapasim from the actual reality.The artwork of both worlds is really well done from the lovely looking sky islands and bright and vibrant village to the dark and gloomy feel to both the hospital and under ground caves that you have to navigate your way though.the lack of voice acting in the game is replaced by a text based commentary where you simply have to read the dialog boxes that appears on screen, this in no way detracts from the game but instead it perfectly blends in, now the soundtrack to this game is the real star if pefeclty sets the scenes from joyous occasions to the down right tear inducing moments, i enjoyed it so much that i actually purchased the soundtrack.Now im sure all this may all sound rather dull and boring to you, as i said at the beginning there is no combat in this game and there are very few ways you can actualy die, as danger is not really a part of the game bar a few timed situations.but trust me its not dull or boring, its really not.for this game is a mark of really good story telling it lacks ever so slightly in the begining of the game whilst your trying to figure out everything that is going on, but after a while it really does keep you hooked and your wanting to find out more.As i said previoulsly it address some very weighty topics as the boy and the patients try to make sense or their cruel reality.This game really is an emotional roller coaster of a ride so get ready and strap yourself in.The end scene between the boy and his mother is beautifully well done and is just something you will have to experience for yourself as it tries to point out the message i beleive the game is trying to portray.That no matter how hard things are, its how we react to them that matters.The game took me about 8 hours to complete and this can be done faster but there are things to collect that do help prolong the game.The game costs £6.99 in the UK and is well worth the money but i bought the bundle which includes the sound track for £10.90.So to finish off this review all i will say is thatI love it when you find a hidden gem like this and you get to simply sit back and play a game that takes you on such a unique and wonderful journy filled with fun and laugher and moments of real sadness that actually make you stop and think about what you do have in your own life.Now I really dont want this to be a hidden gem I want this to be noticed I want this to played I want the developer to get the credit she deserves as a lot of indie developers kind of get hidden in vast aray of games that are on steam.So if you can afford it please go out there and buy it and help support the developer.So Finally Its with high expectaions that i eagerly await the next jounry she takes us all on."
76561198057347863,Recommended,559210,31736565,Posted: 13 May,all,BigCrunchyMunchie™,"A cute little game with loveable characters, fun puzzles, AND THE ABILITY TO BREAK YOUR HEARTWould reccomend !!"
76561198310290041,Recommended,559210,33701720,Posted: 21 July,all,TigerBlaze98,"Rakuen > To The MoonIn my opinion of course, and that's the only thing I have to say."
,Recommended,559210,31863035,Posted: 20 May,all,Tiyaleya,I cried.A lot.10/10
,Recommended,559210,31696973,Posted: 12 May,all,Macuelos,"This game broke my heart several times over, and I am okay with that.And I am not okay with that.Rakuen looks great. It sounds amazing. It's great in every conceivable way. I honestly don't know what else to say."
76561198053801046,Recommended,559210,31680230,Posted: 11 May,all,TheKillerNacho,"Game is excellent. Feel the pacing is a little slow, espessially at the start of the game (and there is a few places the game forces you to backtrack back and forth), but that's the only small bit of criticism I have on it so far. If you like To the Moon, you will love this."
,Recommended,559210,31678810,Posted: 11 May,all,webb-o,get ready for a feel trip
,Recommended,559210,31827140,Posted: 18 May,all,Anetia Jaegeri,A bitter-sweet story that has a extremely creative idealism behind it and a enjoyable story. I found this great even though I don't care for these kinds of games. I can say it's definitely worth it for the rich story.
,Recommended,559210,31863447,Posted: 20 May,all,Doctor Hunter Ando,"Clearly inspired by the Earthbound/Mother series; but offers an in-depth story over RPG mechanics. I could go on for hours about the how Earthbound it is; the forest being a stand-in for Magicant, the importance of the child's mother throughout the story, the use of collecting songs in order to progress the story. The more I think about it, the more this becomes apparent to be not just inspired by, but a successor to the Mother series. It's no longer a game; it's an experience. The underlying themes and plot are there from the start, only until the final act do you realize they were already there; the metaphors, the reasons, and the truth behind everything being the way it is. This goes in my ""candidates for Mother 4"" list and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,559210,31873767,Posted: 20 May,all,unneon,"Awesome game with a great soundtrack (as expected from Laura Shigihara). The game goes through many emotions: you can feel joy by helping other characters, sad for losses, anger at deviating characters, and anticipation, trusting that everything will be alright.The only downsides for me were the character moving speed, andthe missable pet in an area that you cannot return.The game would be even better if we could select parts of the game to go back and play again or if we could press a button to run (at least in Rakuen)."
,Recommended,559210,31894535,Posted: 21 May,all,SirNuke,"""If you tell me everything will be okay; I'll believe you, you don't have to tell me how.""To The Moon with less outright tearjerking.  Unlike To The Moon, I think Rakuen resonates more with its soul of exploring the relationship between the player character and his mother.  This is lightly touched territory for games, and I'd love to see other games with personal mechanics like Rakuen's ""talk to mom"" action.If I had to complain, however, the game is uneven.  None of the puzzles are difficult, but many require stumbling on the solution.  Maps like the hospital or village are richly thought out, but a few other areas feel tacked on.  The story is really five independent plots, and it'd be nice if they were more parallel and interconnected.In short, absolutely wonderful if you enjoy this sort of game, if not, worth maybe approaching with an open mind."
76561197971870880,Recommended,559210,31839201,Posted: 19 May,all,orlando1999,I liked the game very much. Graphics are colorful and well drawn. Comparing it to 'To the moon' is difficult as both are completely different in my opinion.What i didn't like in the game were the controls either keyboard or mouse. The mouse being the better choice. A lot of clicking specially for reading books or texts. Entering or leaving rooms get's a bit tedious as it did not always recognize the movement.Overall i can recommend it with the soundtrack.
76561198067939318,Recommended,559210,31927896,Posted: 23 May,all,blazetoad,"This is my first time playing a game like this.It's a really sweet, emotional game about a boy and his mom. It hooked me from the start, and I played it essentially in two sittings. The artwork is gorgeous, and the characters and storylines are pretty cool too. Be warned, you will spend a lot of time reading through boxes of text. While I did find that that got a little tiresome, I thought it was worth it to keep going. I look forward to seeing what other projects the creators make!"
76561198100018241,Recommended,559210,32001155,Posted: 27 May,all,Dormint Blue,"Rakuen. I would say the first thing that brought me to this game was that it was made by a person who-in part-did a beautiful soundtrack for To the Moon. So I came in expecting something like that.And boy did it do it’s best to deliver.I still recommend this game, but it is-to my knowledge-a first time project for this team. With that, they have the usual ‘pick up these items to build this’ kind of stuff to fill the story. But I wasn’t expecting much from the story, what I was looking forward to was the soundtrack.Oh wow the soundtrack is amazing. Except for the few areas where there is-for no reason-no music. Just a stark contrast to the usual beautiful music that is the perfect thing for each mood. And I understand that sometimes, for impact, silence is the best, but when you go down a well into a place with nothing scary, it’s not-in my opinion-the right time for silence.However, the story through all of it was amazing. At first you believe the story is “Kid in hospital goes to magical world with Mom” and you would be right. But there is more. Chatter about the hospital being rebuilt. Destroyed rooms and blocked off back rooms (Which you can get through with the ax that you can bring into the hospital for some reason not yet explained). But every story is heartbreaking before it becomes heartwarming.Do I recommend this story game. Of course. Perfect to play for all ages. If you don’t mind the people who play balling their eyes out at the end. Like I was."
,Recommended,559210,31908640,Posted: 22 May,all,Venemesis,"Good value for at least 7-8 hours of gameplay, although the plot is a little overly twee for adults to really enjoy,,, this game would be perfect for young teenagers. It's a storytelling walkthrough game with a 2D SNES RPG feel, but there are no battles or real decison making involved."
76561198262714648,Recommended,559210,31766470,Posted: 15 May,all,adam.wiseman,"What an experience, all i have to say is thank you for making this game.Thank you"
,Recommended,559210,31780674,Posted: 15 May,all,Pfhor,"This game is incredible.It really is, it's so ♥♥♥♥ing sad yet so incredibly cheery. I feel like I will never forget the story it tells, it comes together so perfectly in the end in a way that videogames usually don't.  It overcomes the limitations of it's rather rudementary engine with some really amazing art design and wonderful stories and characters.Please play this game, I love it so much."
,Recommended,559210,31803037,Posted: 17 May,all,mars,"beautiful and heartwrenching from start to finish. they did a really good job making you feel for all the characters and their stories...you can see the inspiration they took from to the moon, but it's still very much its own unique game. would recommend if you love crying like i do"
,Recommended,559210,31761686,Posted: 14 May,all,Trulyfeared,"Expect some tears. Seriously.That aside, it's an absolute masterpiece"
,Recommended,559210,31777901,Posted: 15 May,all,Maya Fey,Don't buy it unless you're prepared to feel all of the feels
,Recommended,559210,33014945,Posted: 29 June,all,SkaterPoem,"When it came out I bought the game and I was expecting a gameplay just like the ""To the Moon"" and I was disappointed at first.I though little puzzles were getting in the way of the story but I was mistaken.I love the characters and their back stories, I wanted to do more stuff for them.I'm hoping Shigihara-sama make new awesome games in the future with epic soundtracks."
,Recommended,559210,33447382,Posted: 10 July,all,ash_zhu,"Rakuen is an amazing game! Very impressive soundtracks that actually picture the environments and frame the whole story. I love the story line a lot. The dialogs are ingenious, which reflects different personalities and controls the pace of the story. Marvelous artwork with ""different"" styles. All of these makes it the best game I've played in many years!The puzzels merged very well with the story. The only thing I would suggest is to make more difficult puzzles and to spread some of them to the second half of the game."
,Recommended,559210,33333101,Posted: 6 July,all,Ace of Spades,"Never before has a game made me so excited to find a marble.Jokes aside, this game is truly spectacular, brought me to tears on multiple occasions.Got it on sale during the 2017 Summer Sale, but felt like I UNDERPAID. So I went to the bandcamp page for the soundtrack (which is pay-what-you-want), and paid $30 for it to make up for it."
,Recommended,559210,32049623,Posted: 29 May,all,Dude Manrod,"I'd love to give this game a proper review; but after completing the game and watching the ending twice, I just can't find the words to properly give this game credit. It's charming, it's brilliantly composed, it's heart wrenching, and the ending has left me in tears now and for times to come. Now one of my favorite games, I look foward to returning to Rakuen sometime in the future.Sue is best girl!"
,Recommended,559210,32163321,Posted: 3 June,all,STEFAN,"Long I have been waiting and most of all hoping to find a game that could ever compare and live up to ""To the moon"". I usually hate comparing but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't looking for something that could do for me what ""To the moon"" did and I'm pleased to say I have found a game that can do it in some form or fashion.Now Rakuen is absolutely brilliant and it's well worth your money and time. It is as you probably already know a heavily story driven game but that is far from all. The adorable character art and cozy RPG maker feel combined with absolutely fantastically composed music makes this game feel like home. You know how you return to mom's spaghetti meatballs and you just feel safe? Well that's what opening Rakuen feels like. It feels like someone sat down and spent some time because they cared and the product transfers that work of love and passion directly to you through great story telling, amusing dialogue and fitting music. For a game with nothing but music and a few sound effects to convey such emotions is incredible. One of the very few games that's been able to make me shed a tear.Play this game alone. Don't play it without audio on like some time waste game in public where you skip dialogue. There is no fun gameplay or repetetive grinding you can waste your time on. It's a work of art, a visual novel... a story. Dedicate your attention to it and you will be rewarded. Put on a headset... get in the mood and you'll be absolutely engulfed in this magical paradise that is Rakuen."
,Recommended,559210,32187187,Posted: 4 June,all,Cadenza,"Short game but worth every dollar, I was drawn in by the music and character designs at first, but then the music and story had me completely hooked. The pacing, atmosphere and overall design of the game is so well done I would definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a story to play along. I highly recommend playing through this game in one sitting, and you can thank me later :) - it took me 8 hours for a complete clear.Get comfortable because you're in for a ride!"
76561198137996415,Recommended,559210,32307113,Posted: 9 June,all,Meander,"I really, really love this game. The art and the music are both so gorgeous and the story is so, so well done. I cried. A lot. But I loved every minute of it."
76561198360007112,Recommended,559210,32915146,Posted: 27 June,all,claude VL,"Maybe just on finishing the game isn't the best time to write a balanced review but what the hell. This game did not turn out how I expected it to. It broke my heart. It lifted me so high I thought I was flying. It's stunning. There were a few balance issues I felt, some of the song-story arcs were very interactive and some mostly cut scene, it had a few lil rough edges. I loved it. I'm really looking forward to replaying...when some time has passed and I've finished processing how I feel about the whole thing. Really commend this if you like not too difficult games, exploring, exploring humanity/philosophy, fantasy games and feelings. Definitely the game for you if you want feelings. I'm sad I bought this on sale, I wish I could go back and pay the difference as thanks for the experience."
76561198254668272,Recommended,559210,33105339,Posted: 1 July,all,sasuga472,"What a wonderful game! Rakuen is a very touching, emotionally-mature story. This game touches on a lot of difficult topics (sickness, dementia, interpersonal issues), but always handles them with grace and dignity. I also loved the elements of Japanese culture throughout the game, it made me very nostaglic.100% recommend to anyone who is interested in games with a strong narrative element. Loved it!"
76561198284998187,Recommended,559210,32400197,Posted: 13 June,all,Jay365Gaming,"if you are looking for a game that has drama, sadness, secrets, feels, and something to make you wish for more, then get rakuen. ive completed the game and it is now one of my favorite games, the only game that ive seen like it is undertale. If I had to rate my pain and sadness from this game... it would be 100 out of 1-10. I am broken from this game ;-; but in a good way."
,Recommended,559210,32840760,Posted: 26 June,all,.-*Ming*-.,"This game is one of the best games I have ever played. First glance at this game you might think it's just another ""one of those games"" but it's really not. The storyline is amazing and put together by geniuses. The little interactions between each character make you question life and view everything from a child's perspective. The ending made me cry bucketfuls and I don't normally cry.I guarantee you won't regret buying this game :)"
,Recommended,559210,33175324,Posted: 3 July,all,Raguna The Saucedge,"Many things have been said about Rakuen in these reviews. Some of it I may retread, some of what I have to say may be new.The first thing I have to say is that I have been following Laura for years on YouTube and other media. Her music has always been extremely powerful and moving, no matter what emotion it was make to invoke. So when she first announced her plans to make a game, I knew that the story was going to drive the emotions home with her powerful compositions. And in that, Rakuen did not fail. All the music, every little bit, is made to evoke something of the story and the environment. The leitmotifs for the big events are all stunning, and squeeze every bit of heart out of the scenes.Next, I definitely enjoyed the gameplay, even if I got a little confused on where I might have to go or which puzzle to attempt next. The game never slowed down for me, because the pace is like that of a leisurely walk in a park; you enjoy the journey as much as the destination. Obviously, near the end, everything rushes towards the climax, and the emotions become a whirlwind in your mind.Now, I am warning you, this next passage is going to contain spoilers, so if you do not want to read it, skip to my final paragraph.Having more than a passing familiarity with the Japanese language, anyone who knows what the word ""rakuen"" actually means knows that this story will only have a bittersweet conclusion. I knew that I was in for mostly heartache and tears as I played, and I definitely was crying most of the time. The fact that the Boy was going to pass from the world in some fashion was a given, by the name. However, the losses of Sue and Kisaburo were hard ones. When I went back to the hospital to see Kisaburo after the conclusion of his arc, I was powerfully struck with his absence. Then, seeing the Boy go to give the Ramune marble to Sue, only to see that she was gone, was just as heartbreaking. It really struck home in the final scene, when they're all on the boat to Rakuen.All in all, this story had me crying for quite some time. As bittersweet as it is, I would not take back my playthrough for anything. Laura, if you read these reviews, thank you so very much for making this. I continue, to this day, to follow you online, and I always enjoy your work. Rakuen is no different."
,Recommended,559210,33240304,Posted: 4 July,all,Distraktion,"This was a game that had two levels, the Surface Layer and the Deeper Meaning. Using RPG-Maker as the structure, it provided some lighthearted (and sometimes darker) music to set the mood as you did various miniquests, tasks, and solved puzzles over a 6-8 hour story. The story of a boy in a hospital, going on adventures to help people in the Real World by stepping into their memories and dreams and fixing various aspects of them. This fantasy world reflects and affects the Real World, such that similarly named people, objects, and details exist in both (water a plant in the real world, and it goes from sapling to beanstalk in the fantasy, for instance). Seems pretty simple......But then there's the Deeper Meaning. Via newspaper clippings, inferred meaning, and various details you have put together for yourself from clues and comments in-game, everyone and everything has something a bit more in-depth than what's on the surface. Every time I got a bit annoyed at some fetch quest or RPG trope, I'd see a hint of something more meaningful beneath it, and follow that thread until I reached the end. Each of these Deeper Meanings made me mist up a bit, and eventually culminated in a wonderful combination of story, music, and character that choked me up but good.I could go on about plot or graphics or sound or anything else, but really I'm recmmending this game because of those Deeper Meanings. While I'm sure I could compare it to To The Moon (or Bird Story), in the end this is a game that stands alone. It has a strong soundtrack, original music and vocals, excellent game mechanics, and clever writing that can be both touching and humorous. I'd highly recommend this to anyone who can put aside a few hours and get to know a few wonderful people, in a hospital, and go on a magical adventure. It may not have combat or fighting, but I still felt something while I was playing it...and that's wonderful from such a simple and yet well-made game."
,Recommended,559210,33326056,Posted: 6 July,all,Kinger8938,"Dont often leave reviews, but i think this one needs to be played and I hope people give it a chance.If you liked To The Moon, this is similar on a base level however theres a lot more going on here imo. The sound track is spot on (gutted i didnt grab that too), and the story is very strong. Its emotional, Funny, and charming throughout and towards the end things really fall in to place.My only MINOR gripe would be certain parts did feel a bit overly fleshed out for lack of a better term, in terms of exploration/back tracking to achieve a few objectives. it wasnt to bad as to ruin the overall pacing but any longer and it may have become more of an issue for me personally, i have the attention span of a goldfish with games sometimes. My completed playtime was between 8-9 hours, i think the experiance could have be condensed slightly to 6ish hours. Stick with it however, and it truely pays off.Still amazes me how a game/story delivered in this way destroys most AAA big budget releases of today! Impressive!"
,Recommended,559210,33350711,Posted: 7 July,all,Mas Fugo,"I didn't have that much expectation when purchasing this game. Some friend told me that it is worth buying so I buy it. And boooy how I am so satisfied with this purchase.Touching story, beautiful BGM, interesting character design, and very beautiful environment. This game is a must buy if you love story driven game like too the moon.10/10"
76561198048868824,Recommended,559210,32839254,Posted: 26 June,all,Fenolis,"This game man.This game incorporates story-telling, crafting and puzzling in such a deep way. The world(s) is(are) very well fleshed out, and there are secrets everywhere!I finished it in one sitting (~6 hours) because I just HAD to learn the story. The characters (besides the doctors) have so much to tell, and learning about each one is an adventure in itself!References toFukushima.Hehheh Peanut Chew Chews."
,Recommended,559210,32770669,Posted: 25 June,all,nikomatta,"I've just completed this game, and I can't even describe how ""BEAUTIFUL"" this game is .. When I heard that this game is similar to the moon and because Laura Shigihara's project, I bought this game instantly. You can learn about anything in your life in this game, how you interact with others. The character building itself is not too much and not too little detail, everything is balance. For you who seek for game that a easy playing but giving a lots of added value, I highly recommend this game !Art : 9 / 10Music : 10 / 10Story : 10 / 10Gameplay : 9 / 10"
,Recommended,559210,32957531,Posted: 28 June,all,Panicpants,Loved this game. Puzzles are easy but this is a good thing cos it keeps the story going. The story and dialogue are very well written too. If you like narrative based games then I'd recommend this. A bargain for the price!
76561197997875030,Recommended,559210,33728295,Posted: 22 July,all,Kaos,Good game. Someone was cutting onions while I was playing.
,Recommended,559210,33743051,Posted: 23 July,all,BurntN00dle,This game has a special place in my heart. Utterly breathtaking.
,Recommended,559210,31730879,Posted: 13 May,all,Quaggy,"This is a truly lovely game, with gorgeous music (of course!), and overall, it was just a pleasure to play! I have rarely recommended a game this wholeheartedly. Though the story is a bit predictable (or it's possible I'm just good at connecting context clues and predicting plots), it is an amazingly well-told story overall. If you enjoyed playing To The Moon, and you like fantasy settings and stories filled with hope even in the face of tragedy, then this is an excellent game to try. You might want to have tissues handy, though. :)BTW: If you have the character-stays-in-a-corner-and-won't-movet glitch (that is, sadly, an incredibly common problem all RPGmaker games suffer from), there are a few solutions you can try. Disable your Bluetooth adapters (Control Panel - Device Manager). Do a Google search for Cherry's kbdreset.exe program (resets your keyboard mapping). What worked for me, however, was to shut down the computer, unplug all USB devices (including the mouse and keyboard), turn on the computer and allow it to load completely before plugging in only the keyboard and mouse. (This is a suggestion from Celianna, a well-known RPGmaker pixel artist, that I found online after an hour of searching.) I hope that helps any of you who might experience this issue.Signed, Quaggy"
,Recommended,559210,34049713,Posted: 5 August,all,Milokov,"This game was one emotional roller coaster I would gladly ride again.Awesome, yet simple, story,Loveable characters.Beautiful music.10/10. You'll laugh. You'll cry."
76561198080234789,Recommended,559210,32041928,Posted: 29 May,all,hoshistan,I cried! A lot.
,Recommended,559210,34010462,Posted: 4 August,all,The Funky,This is a really good game if you like puzzles and a lot of crying.
76561198409965998,Recommended,559210,34018582,Posted: 4 August,all,snagglepark,"I only got steam so that I could play this game, and I was not disappointed! It was amazing, the storyline is beautiful and I actually shed a few tears towards the end of the game! I would recommend this game to everyone, it is truly amazing"
76561198069752857,Recommended,559210,34095573,Posted: 7 August,all,Darkamaya,10/10 Would cry again.Seriously one of the best games i've played.Worth every penny.
,Recommended,559210,33847224,Posted: 27 July,all,npinsker,"This is a great game in every way except the gameplay itself, which is very boring.Most of the value in playing Rakuen comes from playing through its story, so I don't want to spoil it here. The story is on the simple side, but it progresses at a quick pace and constantly provides moments of wonder for the player. Parts of it feel very like Alice in Wonderland. It expertly pulls back the curtains little by little and hints at background details effortlessly, making it very rewarding for players who choose to explore the world more. If you're looking for a game with a heartwarming, mature story, a captivating setting, amazing music, and interesting, fleshed-out characters, then this game is one of the best I've ever seen.There's a big catch, though, and that's the lackluster gameplay. Playing Rakuen consists mostly of three things: walking, talking to people, and collecting objects that serve as ""keys"" to get to the next area. There are very, VERY few exceptions to this pattern. Basically every puzzle in the game just consist of looking around a room to find the aforementioned ""keys"", which are usually hidden in drawers or down the sink or something. The story is more than strong enough to carry the game through, but I found myself speeding through the last half of the game because I was so tired of the fetch quests I kept being given. The biggest problem with Rakuen -- and, I think, the only real problem -- is that there just isn't anything to do besides these repetitive puzzles. Even though an enormous amount of time clearly went into building the world, the lack of variety in what the player can actually do makes everything feel a little barren. Part of the wonder in the world of Rakuen is getting to explore more and more, never being sure what you'd find next, but I quickly realized that the only thing I was ever going to find were fetch quests.Put another way, I think the core gameplay just needs a lot more variation. I would have liked the puzzles to be more interesting and varied, rather than just finding the correct objects in the room. I would have liked some small minigames to play in the Leeble village and throughout the world. I would have liked an incentive to revisit old areas and characters -- it feels like they're just discarded and thrown aside after they're done being useful, a particularly harsh misstep in this narrative. As a quick example, there's a short section in the third chapter of the game where you have to fly over a gap in the attic with an airplane. Why not turn that into a simple minigame where you have to tap a button and angle the plane? It's certainly not a big deal, but it's just one of MANY missed opportunities to make the world of Rakuen feel more surprising and delightful for players.There are some other minor things, like the text speed is slow, the options select screen is very limited, and the menus could have done with some spit-shine. I realize that most of my complaints are probably due to the choice of RPG Maker as an engine -- but Rakuen is too rich and too good of a world for RPG Maker and they really should have chosen a different engine to begin with.I think this could have been one of the best games of 2017 if it had some actual gameplay. There's an enormous amount of missed potential here, and it stings a lot. While this game wasn't one of my favorites, I still recommend it highly."
76561198413012425,Recommended,559210,34187181,Posted: 12 August,all,tina.waldeck2002,"seriously such a beautiful game. careful though, it's a tear-jerker. i used up an entire box of tissues on just the last quarter of the game alone."
76561198142051895,Recommended,559210,34252522,Posted: 15 August,all,The X-Factor,Rakuen is one of the best games out there that is both light hearted and deeply moving. But you probably already knew that. So here are some other games that reach that same mark as well.To the MoonPokemon Mystery DungeonKlonoaBut don't check those out until you play Rakuen.
,Recommended,559210,32061722,Posted: 30 May,all,Bodmass,I've been following Laura Shigihara and this game does not disappoint.The music is fantastic and so is the art and the story.I'm so proud of her and this wonderful game is a welcome addition to my list
76561198158354743,Recommended,559210,32649778,Posted: 22 June,all,Samurin,"Wonderful game, story, art and soundtrack! Perfect!"
76561198123187075,Recommended,559210,33444675,Posted: 10 July,all,Sir Nibbits,"Rakuen is a masterpiece; the soundtrack is incredible and all of the characters feel real. Be prepared for a bittersweet emotional rollercoaster that will rip your heart out, put it back, and rip it out time and time again."
,Recommended,559210,33647856,Posted: 19 July,all,nicoledan6,I WAS NOT PREPARED FOR ALL THE FEELS.
,Recommended,559210,31813074,Posted: 17 May,all,izzy,"I don't have much to say, but I'd like to add my positive rating to this small game. If you like this kind of game you likely already know you'll enjoy it."
76561198202672002,Recommended,559210,32807585,Posted: 26 June,all,andrew_alvarez26,"One of, if not, the greatest game I have ever played in terms of story telling. This game is purely amazing and will you leave you with such intense emotions. Worth every cent. I will always remember playing and loving Rakuen for the rest of my life. If you enjoy games that are more about a wonderful story you MUST buy this one. Rakuen should be a game every gamer plays because the story and heartfelt emotions within it are so hard to come by in any source of entertainment. I honestly cannot believe how this game isn't bigger and has everyone talking about it. It deserves so much attention. This game is definitely one of my favourites."
,Recommended,559210,33390647,Posted: 8 July,all,Lemmonly 🌸,This game did a wonderful job of ripping my heart out and I would do it all over again.
76561198126473501,Recommended,559210,34540518,Posted: 27 August,all,thewidgetmaster,"Beautiful world filled with charming characters.Exceptionally well crafted soundtrackwith many beautiful vocal songs that compliment the narrative.Roughly 10 hours long depending on your completionistic tendancies.2D Old School nostalgic RPG feel to the gameplay, combat free adventure and puzzles, though the main meat is the story.Touching, deep, meaningful and uplifting story that manages to deal with serious subjects in a positive, well done and respectful manner, with 5 main interconnecting arcs (4 of which got me teary eyed) With plenty of moments that hit you with every gamet of emotion going.An easy reccomendation for a high effort passion project of a game that will charm your socks off and hit you with some feels!"
76561198347670800,Recommended,559210,34551093,Posted: 28 August,all,Inaaa,what a emotional ride.cried so hard in the end damn you !（;≧皿≦）almost played this game for 10 hours. tbh didnt expect to get some creepy vibes from those creepy clocks and footsteps sounds. love the animation tho ! its so colourful and bright! i like the creatures too! so cute c:some puzzles are hard that i actually have to search up lmao cyalater
76561198062190347,Recommended,559210,34588797,Posted: 29 August,all,Jette,Extremely good game and a nice story
76561198110487785,Recommended,559210,33397017,Posted: 9 July,all,princessofagape,"Best story-rich game I have played in a long time. I had just finished the game ""To the Moon"" and was longing for another game filled with feels. In this game, you get all the feels and more. The story was beautiful and there were a lot of tears, so fair warning. The music was also amazing. I regret not buying the soundtrack with the game. I will totally be spending the extra $10 to correct my mistake, but I will get the CD version to play in my car. Such a great game, and I hope there will be more from this creator!"
76561198070990191,Recommended,559210,34136043,Posted: 9 August,all,BUT IS WEHT,"An amazing first attempt at game making, Laura has put something special in this game, and if you're looking for beautiful pixel art and music, lovable characters, and a true emotional roller coaster, then this game is for you. The fact that this game was able to throw me all around the emotional spectrum, from one extreme to the next, is a true testament to how lovingly this has been crafted and how truly special this is."
76561198117601027,Recommended,559210,33463900,Posted: 11 July,all,M-gineer - N.A.H.C,"Wow.First, you should know what you're getting in to. This isn't a typical RPG. It is also free from the RPGMaker stigma of poor quality. If you've played To The Moon and liked it and other story-driven games, then you'll probably like this game. If not, there's not much for you here. There are no combat elements, and only the most basic of puzzles. Most of the game is walking around from location to location, watching cut-scenes and scrolling through dialouge, with a few notable exceptions that I won't get into for spoiler reasons. This is a completely story driven adventure from beginning to end. It's a good thing that Rakuen has compelling characters and great writing, even if pacing feels off at times. Without spoiling things, the sections of the game get shorter and shorter as the game goes on. It'll probably take you about 8 hours to complete, unless you do none of the optional stuff. The game sticks with you long after you finish it, though. You'll probably be humming the songs as well, as the soundtrack is also great. The developer is mainly a composer, so this makes sense.If you like story driven games and if you want to be sad, then this is the game for you. If you're looking for fun and engaging gameplay and know you don't like this stuff, I'd look somewhere else. If you aren't sure, I'd recommend picking it up. It's an amazing first impression for the genre, and you won't be disappointed."
76561198002523337,Recommended,559210,33644122,Posted: 18 July,all,badtyprr,"This is Laura Shigihara's Rakuen, a game crafted with love and passion. You can tell from the heart wrenching story, the colorful and cute artwork, the genuine humor, the multiple levels of personality in every character, and of course, the music that plays an integral role in the game and not just an accessory. You will feel for every character, laugh at their personalities, cry at their struggles, and rejoice in their resolutions through the help of your character. All the while, the game will have developed a love in you for the boy and his mom that you lead through the hospital and the fantasy worlds they discover. Now the game has you right where it wants you... for what happens next. This is a game you don't want to miss, indie at its best."
76561198077870860,Recommended,559210,33653080,Posted: 19 July,all,Subaru,All I can say is that its a beatuiful experience and I loved every moment of it.
76561198015705350,Recommended,559210,34587352,Posted: 29 August,all,August,"Great, sad but ultimately uplifting story game with wonderful music and striking characters."
76561198018819742,Recommended,559210,34592029,Posted: 29 August,all,Klagmar,"I had followed Rakuen’s development for 3 years, ever since composer Laura Shigihara announced she was working on a game of her own, and it definitely didn’t disappoint.The story is where this game shines. You play as a young boy confined to a hospital. Together with his Mom, he discovers a fantastical storybook world with parallel versions of all his fellow patients and works to learn about their stories. The line between fantasy and reality is hopelessly blurred, but the beautiful thing is it doesn’t really matter – the story’s message is still crystal clear. And the message is truly unique, exploring hope and sorrow in equal measures. There are no miraculous recoveries for these patients – the reward for learning their stories is simply understanding and empathy, both for the patients themselves and for their loved ones.Another strong point is the music. Shigihara has always been a fantastic composer, and this might be her best work yet. The vocal songs are beautiful, heartwarming, and sorrowful all in one, while the other tracks are a bit bouncier. The story wouldn't have nearly the same emotional impact if it wasn't for the music.The areas the game suffers most in are all related to its engine, RPG Maker. Though the character artwork is great, the sprites themselves are usually not stellar. Movement is quite sluggish, with no option to speed things up. And the resolution is totally broken, letting you only choose between a super small window and full-screen with the edges cut off. None of thees issues are gamebreaking but they do pull you out of the experience from time to time.Despite that, I can heartily recommend this game for anyone who likes a slow, emotional story. The To the Moon comparison is apt, as both games scratch the same itch. It mmight not be flashy, but this game is still not to be missed,"
76561198140544236,Recommended,559210,33638220,Posted: 18 July,all,Nitray,I can't even describe how much I enjoyed playing this game. All of the characters are so unique and have such interesting stories. The soundtrack is so amazing as expected since it's done by Laura Shigihara. The art is so pretty that it just makes you want to walk around and explore the world. The overall story was great and had me on the verge of tears. It's been awhile since we have gotten a good heart felt rpg maker like this so I highly recommend that you play this game.
,Recommended,559210,33662042,Posted: 19 July,all,aoiREI,"On the surface it seems pretty light hearted with cheerful characters, bright colors and fantastic creatures but it deals with some serious topics. There are some light puzzle solving and fetch questing, giving you more to do than other games of this type like To The Moon. It doesn't always give you a clear indication of what to do next, so if you prefer to be led around, you might get annoyed. The real draw here, however is the narrative, which is top notch, and the music. Developed by composer Laura Shigihara of Plants vs Zombies and To The Moon fame, you know the music was going to be awesome. If you can, I'd recommend also picking up the soundtrack.This game is full of moments both fun and heart breaking that really deliver thanks to solid writing. While some events are telegraphed a bit too much and the sad moments are not as gut punching as I had expected, it doesn't take away from the overall experience. This is a game I am glad to have experienced."
76561198269667472,Recommended,559210,35011394,Posted: 16 September,all,cipher107,"Amazing story, I expected nothing less than a masterpiece."
,Recommended,559210,34912307,Posted: 12 September,all,Rakuen_Fennec,"Is Rakuen a Good Game? What Makes it Good?Of course, everyone does have opinions, so no game will fully appeal to everyone. This game, Rakuen, CERTAINLY appealed to me, though. In fact, it appealed to me so much to the point of me creating a character inspired by this game named 'Rakuen'.So what about this game made me fall in love with it? Why did I continue to devote time into this game? If you're like me, a game is considered beautiful and artistic if it plays a beautiful soundtrack, tells a beautiful story, has a beautiful meaning, possesses a beautiful motivation, displays a warm, approachable art style, and does a good job presenting these aspects. Laura Shigihara, the creator of this game, meets that whole criteria, and is, in my opinion, the ""total package"" regarding RPG's.Why is Rakuen Worth Buying and Playing?Steam trading cardsRakuen has good gameplay, yes. Rakuen also provides incredible Steam items (backgrounds, emotes, etc), yes. But one of the primary reasons you should purchase Rakuen is because of the pure beauty of it. As mentioned before, Rakuen has an outstanding soundtrack, an outstanding story, outstanding art, and an outstanding motivation behind the characters.Summary9.5/10 | Soundtrack: Soundtrack includes beautiful piano-playing, warm vocals, and a unique style.10/10 | Story: Story includes an emotional connection to characters, motivational meaning, and a warm, cute feeling to the story being told.9/10 | Art: The sprites and art of the game warmly give off a cute feeling. I feel the soundtrack fits the smooth, unique art style very well.Side Notes:*Rakuen does have additional, optional objectives apart from the story, giving a reason to play the game a second time or for achievements.*Fun fact: Rakuen (rawk-quen) is the Japanese word for ""pleasure forest"" or ""paradise"". Keeping this fact in mind when playing the game will make it easier to collect the emotions and feelings the story attemts to give off."
76561198123524354,Recommended,559210,34974092,Posted: 15 September,all,BerserkerW,such a great game
,Recommended,559210,34317185,Posted: 17 August,all,Snowman,"Storyline has all the feels in the world that you could've ever imagine!Soundtrack is pretty nice, gave me goosebumps from time to time.Artwork is adorable! Love it!It has puzzles here and there. Overall 10/10 game."
,Recommended,559210,34962820,Posted: 14 September,all,NattyboyZ,"This game give me happiness and sadness, I really enjoy the ride.If you like To The Moon or Undertales you probably love this game too."
76561198058996760,Recommended,559210,34387792,Posted: 20 August,all,PastyPilgrim,"A true emotional rollercoaster with many incredible highs (a hysterical tea party for one) and lows. It's charming, touching, and saturated with great music, visuals, diverse themes, and writing. I also enjoyed the handful of treats for those that speak Japanese."
76561198018829111,Recommended,559210,34962831,Posted: 14 September,all,MapfScamor,"Rakuen is a simple, yet beautiful and very emotional game. The game tells the story about an unnamed boy and his adventures through Morizora's Forest and the hospital he is currently being hospitalized at. Both of the worlds are interconected, and changes in one affect the other.Being a songwriter, Laura herself composed and designed the music tracks, and they couldn't fit the game better. The soundtrack is amazing and its a huge part of the game, the characters are unique, have an interesting design and backstory and you are always curious about what is going to happen next.The game, however, has a slow pace and a more childish tone, mostly due to the secret that is reveled at the end. This isn't a demerit, but simply a characteristic that might push some people aside. Still, having followed the project since 2014, I can't be more happy with the results and definitely recommend the game to anybody interested in great storywriting and songwriting"
76561198025831717,Recommended,559210,34957023,Posted: 14 September,all,chaoticenigma,"While this may not have great gameplay due to being a heavily story based game, it does haveGreat storyGreat characters that you will likely care aboutLots of feels. Expect to cry or at least feel very sad about each of the character storiesDecent humor at times.Very great fantasy world.Great songs.Just one warning: There are missables. But the story still hit just as hard the second time through when I was getting them for the achievements.Thanks Laura Shigihara for building this world, game, and story for us to experience."
76561198183915675,Recommended,559210,33436498,Posted: 10 July,all,Dudfruit,"Remember Laura Shigihara? The sound and music composer for Plants vs. Zombies? She made a game with some people, a beautiful one.The story is beautiful, such a well arranged emotional roller-coaster. The gameplay and puzzle is good enough to enjoy, especially for a game that doesn't include any fighting or violence. The artstyle is definitely spot on and help sets the tone quite well. The music is probably the best part of this game. The songs and background music are just splendid, really fitting for the story as it help bring warmth, soothe you down or make you cryas you have a wonderful dream only to find out that one of your best friend have left.Overall, this is one of those story based games that are done well. I'd definitely recommend it to you."
,Recommended,559210,35358551,Posted: 30 September,all,TheGaydarTechnician,"I just finished the game Rakuen...This now has to be one of my all time favourite games. It's so well written, it has a great soundtrack and voice acting. Most of all it's simple but devastating. The world is original, the characters are memorable and it leave you with a bittersweet satisfaction that can only be experienced.For a game that plays for 6 hours all I can say is wow...Please, check it out. It's worth the price."
,Recommended,559210,34796283,Posted: 7 September,all,Ciro R Filho,"Great story driven RPG. Very good art and music.The care and time invest in crafting the game makes it a great play for both new and seasoned players alike, of all ages.Its like those great games you played and still remember after many time.The engine has its limits, like resolution, but they are pushed to the limit with great craftship.Really hoping for a pocket edition of the game. Plays great on Steam Link for me."
76561198368127795,Recommended,559210,34245324,Posted: 14 August,all,FreyRune,"For anyone wondering if it is worth playing this game, I was wondering the same as well but when I saw the offer and that it was by the same creators of 'To the Moon' I thought to hell with it and brought it. I am not dissappointed at all. With roughly about 10-11 hours of gameplay if you are aiming to fully complete everything, this game is highly worth the low amount of money for it. With an unforgettable plot, list of characters, compelling tunes and beautifully designed graphics this game is overall what i'd call a masterpiece. The game mechanics are also very clever and the puzzle solving makes sure not to boarder into the relm of 'too tedious'.If you are looking for a beautiful game and a story to sink your teeth into, this is the game for you. It would also be great for casual gamers since there's no actual 'battles' like in most typical rpg games and you can save at any point (other than in a cutscene).Also, I recommend not looking up anything additional about the game prior to playing it. This game is definately best played with no idea of what's going to happen next."
,Recommended,559210,34744074,Posted: 4 September,all,Dora,"A great game with some perplexing design issues. I haven't finished Rakuen yet, but despite some extremely transparent plot devices, it's exceptionally beautiful, funny, and well made. The soundtrack and art are fantastic, and the use of more surreal humour in places gives it a great oddball touch... something it desperately needs given how heavy the plot gets.The downside is that some aspects of design feel strange. There's no sprint function, which starts to grate early on, and so many of the puzzles not only rely on tedious back-and-forthery, but also seem really disconnected from what's going on in the story. They feel like arbitrary obstacles... unscramble a code, push a block, find a thing to mix stuff in even though there are BUCKETS AND BEAKERS RIGHT THERE OH MY GOD. Given how heavily Rakuen relies on symbolism and the strength of its plot and cast elsewhere, thus far all the puzzles I've come across have kind of felt like busywork, particularly the stuff revolving Gemma's plot.Still, if you're looking for something heartfelt, lovely, and smart, you can hardly go wrong here. Rakuen is still an instant, effortless recommendation more people should be playing."
,Recommended,559210,34733248,Posted: 4 September,all,Ananaz,"Sad, funny, bizarre and bittersweet - this game certainly gives NieR:Automata a run for its money as the Tearjerker of the Year 2017. :PRakuen reminded me a lot of Studio Ghibli/Hayao Miyazaki films in that it explores a variety of actual, relatable issues such as terminal illness, natural disasters, broken families and homeless pets through the perspective and imagination of a hospitalized child, without getting too overbearing and with a good sense of humor. While not terribly complex in terms of gameplay, it's a memorable tale well worth experiencing. Wonderful soundtrack and lovely visuals, too!"
76561197994953767,Recommended,559210,33011393,Posted: 29 June,all,Aisu Kitsune,"Thank you.*snif* Its ... bittersweet and sometimes made me loughing and, not to spoil anything, the end left me really speechless. I'm really happy about that at the end the textbubbles are going on its own without button pressing because i already had trouble to read AND push any buttons because i was crying so hard.IF you make more games like that i really will love them to the depths of my heart but... dam you making me cry! xDThank you so much."
,Recommended,559210,35409380,Posted: 2 October,all,bozsikarmand,"Dear Laura,I am writing to you in order to express my greatest gratitude for this amazing piece of art what Rakuen really is.It offered heartwrenchingly beautiful moments at their finest and a wide range of emotions. I am totally impressed and a bit stuporous but what is the most important: In Rakuen you took me to a journey to finally find a way back to the path I thought I long lost and had forgotten.What's more, I have re-learned and examined good memories and feelings which I thought faded away.You have an absolutely great heart, soul and talent, also a unique way of story-telling. Oh, and I almost forgot your angelic voice to mention! Well, now I feel I must write a detailed review on the topic, Rakuen.As closing thoughts, I would like to say thank you for this experience! You created - and I can say it without the slightest doubt - a masterpiece, which will live on and be remembered in my heart till eternity."
,Recommended,559210,33566386,Posted: 15 July,all,Sophtopus,10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,559210,31983502,Posted: 26 May,all,Chris,"Great story, great soundtrack, great characters, great price."
,Recommended,559210,31730878,Posted: 13 May,all,Sriracha Cupcake,"Took me about 11 hours to complete, total work of art."
76561198045369227,Recommended,559210,31735727,Posted: 13 May,all,Tntofdoom,Wow this is the first game to make me cry its an masterpeace
76561198010313860,Recommended,559210,31951167,Posted: 25 May,all,Rath,One of the most beautiful games I have ever played
76561198096234046,Recommended,559210,31980921,Posted: 26 May,all,ALuke2thePast,These aren't tears. I'm just sweating through my eyes.Infinity/10
76561198065978508,Recommended,559210,31958205,Posted: 25 May,all,david.smith,"It's a simple game, but it has an amazing, complex and heartbreaking story."
,Recommended,559210,31719382,Posted: 13 May,all,Jayden,This game was amazing and I would recommend everyone to play it. It had a great story and characters. The puzzles were somewhat challenging.
,Recommended,559210,31749271,Posted: 14 May,all,Altun,Love this game.
,Recommended,559210,34202252,Posted: 12 August,all,sweet-saccharin,"Worth every penny. This game has so much heart, and so much feeling put into it. Some parts hit me really hard, so bring a tissue box. It's definitely not depressing so much as bittersweet, but it's a very wonderful story. I definitely got lost in the Leeble world, and wandered around collecting everything. Gameplay is short, probably around 6-8, maybe even 10 hours if you want to complete everything (it's really easy to get full completion). My only criticism is the walking speed feels too slow for how big some parts of the world are, and the early parts of the game in terms of pacing feel like they take too long, compared to the latter half - it almost feels as if you're climbing a rollercoaster, and then zooming back down (this metaphor is meaningful). Far warning, it feels like there's influence from a certain natural disaster that happened in Japan several years ago.LIGHT SPOILERS FOR WHAT KIND OF TOPICSThe topics it cover are fairly heavy, so briefly, death, love, grief, memory, sacrifice."
,Recommended,559210,31983055,Posted: 26 May,all,mckinst87,A thing of beauty
76561198009364720,Recommended,559210,33386738,Posted: 8 July,all,numberland,"OMG, this is a truly lovely game, not long but in depth and such feels. Much content warnings for death but dealt with most excellently. I highly recommend."
76561198046321032,Recommended,559210,31818338,Posted: 18 May,all,blackroze741,LOVED THIS GAME. I cried so much <3
76561198091280908,Recommended,559210,31685822,Posted: 11 May,all,Urban Koistinen,Good adventure games without combat are rare. Music is great for the levels. Don't know about replay value yet.
76561198061080236,Recommended,559210,31693362,Posted: 11 May,all,Chocolate Pyromancer,"""A non combat story driven rpg that made an old man feel things he thought he lost"" is what i summarised it to my friend when i told her about this game+ Amazing soundtrack+Unique and Touching story+ Beautiful pixelartthe negatives i have about this game is tied to rpg maker's engine really.Overall i would reccomend you get the soundtrack as well as the game and to keep any bad onions away from the dev Laura Shigihara"
76561198017569169,Not Recommended,559210,32732191,Posted: 24 June,all,TBird,"As a huge fan of ""To the Moon"" and ""A Bird Story"", as well as having listend to some of Laura Shigihara's music, I was really looking forward to ""Rakuen"". Unfortunately, after having read a lot of rave reviews I can't put it any other way than considering it a disappointment.Yes, the soundtrack is well done, some of the artwork is nice and the plot is interesting. Unfortunately, the gameplay is just horrible.It is made of incredibly boring puzzles which usually consist of pulling switch A here, to get access to switch B, so you can trigger button C. Opening drawer #34 (which looks exactly as ugly as the other identical 33 drawers before) in order to maybe collect item 5 of 9 is just not my idea of fun.I am sorry, but some games of the 90s had more interesting gameplay. As a matter of fact, I understand now why ""To the Moon"" hardly had any real gameplay elements - so you could experience the story without being let down by subpar game mechanics.""Rakuen"" on the other hand forces you to play through incredibly annoying areas which do nothing to advance the story only to feed you a little piece of the plot afterwards before forcing you through the next area.My verdict: It seems Laura Shigihara is a very good artist, but not a good game designer. That being said, for the current sale price, I would consider it an acceptable purchase if you don't mind the ancient switch puzzles."
76561198023105909,Recommended,559210,34192069,Posted: 12 August,all,Cerulean,I cry.
76561198317878372,Recommended,559210,31696718,Posted: 11 May,all,yunjihan98,"You won't regret buying this game!! so glad I bought it as soon as I saw this lol. The storyline is really good and the artwork is beautiful too. I really recommend to people who are looking for the pixel rpg game type with dense story. I don't think I am really good at finding clues in games, but this game was completely duable for me! It took me about 8 hours to completet this game talking to every npcs and enjoying this game. :) + music is good too hehe"
76561197994745861,Recommended,559210,31692302,Posted: 11 May,all,sorlok_reaves,"This is an excellent story-driven game. The art is absolutely gorgeous, and the soundtrack (as well as the vocals) are spot-on. The game explores cheery, imaginative worlds with colorful characters, while still being grounded in reality in a very real way. The game is very emotional, and swings masterfully between high and low points, never feeling trite or forced. I can't recommend enough that you play this game."
,Recommended,559210,32805887,Posted: 26 June,all,Ole Lukoje,I am a momma's boy.
76561198024505662,Recommended,559210,31688313,Posted: 11 May,all,Finn Kaenbyou,"Although it lacks the polish and sharpness of its inspiration To The Moon, Rakuen is still a beautiful and emotional game that hit me hard in my feelbox. If you like detailed graphics, powerful music, and letting a video game cut your heart into a hundred pieces, Rakuen should be right up your alley."
76561198348179072,Recommended,559210,31692320,Posted: 11 May,all,MajinBoop,"I'm 2 hours in, I think every half an hour my heart breaks.Great music, lovely story so far."
76561198021703246,Recommended,559210,31768032,Posted: 15 May,all,Belph,"Absolutely beautiful game, with an amazing soundtrack, great writing and fun puzzles. 10/10 highly recommended"
76561198013763042,Recommended,559210,31966252,Posted: 25 May,all,Grandpa Green,Heads up that there is no combat in this game. If you are looking for that aspect of snes style RPGs than this is not it. That being said the strory really got to me and I was choked up by the end.
,Recommended,559210,31681171,Posted: 11 May,all,Michcioperz,I forgot to eat breakfast cause I couldn't play yesterday and I wanted to play this.
,Recommended,559210,31685780,Posted: 11 May,all,Ｃold • Ｒain,"Here's you ticket for the Feels Train to Rakuen, enjoy your trip!"
76561198056119776,Recommended,559210,32012879,Posted: 27 May,all,bornbyforce,"Comparison of this game to To The Moon is inevitable. So I'm going to provide 2 reviews for people who have/haven't played that:1. If you havenotplayed To The Moon (in which caseDon't read or watch anything about it before playing it!) this review is for you:Ok... So you are contemplating getting this game and you want help on that decision.It is a linear, simple rpg / puzzle game minus the fights. 10-15 hours max if you take your time reading everything and try to do everything. Much faster if you rush through it.This game is a project by a professional game musician, so yes the music is strong with this one. But it is at times a bit too eh, you know, kids cartoons style.Puzles are easy. Actually to make it easier game locks you off a lot of times until you figure something out, so it is hard to miss solutions.The story is heart-warming. It does have its flaws and at places it feels bits and pieces have been cut off or not fully developed but it is not incoherent at any point. That is important because this game is basically about its story, not gameplay.Graphics are developed with a heart warming sensation in mind. And it is done properly. The magical world in mind of a child is so beautiful that coming back down to this world felt so cold after finishing the game!There are a couple of clever things about this game I don't want to spoil. It does have its twists and it does play with your heart but it is not too dramatic.The phylosophy is quite Japanese. The developer is half Japanese but I did not expect her to see things so Japanese for somebody who lives in US. Some concepts are just very Shinto-like (Final-Fantasy-like if you will).Overall, it is fun, you get a bit of laugh and tear here and there, and it does leave an impact on you. It provides a perspective without trying to be preaching it. People like developers of this game need our support, not as game developers, but rather as people who live among us. We want more people who think like this among us!Would I recommend it? If you are not going to expect a gameplay challenge or a long game (and hours of play is the least of my concerns when I rate a game), I very much would recommend it.2. So, you have played To the Moon and you want to see how this compares. (If you haven't, stop reading right now!) then this is what I'd tell you:Concept is similar yes, but it is a different game. The answer depends on what you expect. To the Moon nodes to the 80s style rpg genre but does its own thing. This game at times feels quite like a game of that era plus beautiful graphics and sound minus the fights.To The Moon has a more complex story. Probably this game has more stuff in it, more places to visit, more things to read, etc. (overall I'd say twice as much material) but less twist and turn.Musically To The Moon is more abstract. It is more of something you'd listen to as an adult. Music of this one at times feels more like going to a theatre with your kid and trying to enjoy what a particular giant media corporation considers good entertainment for children. It may be your thing, it may be not.Graphics style is a bit more refined. To the Moon is dark and its art style is also dark. This one is the colors of a child's mind.This game is less emotionally charged. I played To the Moon over a couple of mid-week evenings after work. Sleeping was a bit difficult afterwards with the atmosphere that it created. ""For River"" was not leaving me alone and still it is one of the most emotionally charged game songs I can think of. I didn't go through anything of that sort here. Don't get me wrong: This is a touching story. And it will have an impact on you after finishing it. But yeah, if you have played To the Moon you know that one is a different beast.And one last bit, this game starts fairly slow. It grows in pace and material through it. To the Moon was bold throughout. So if you are giving this a try, don't expect things to pick up from get go.Do I recommend it? If you think this will do to you what To the Moon did to many of us, you may get disappointed. But it is a touching story that you are missing out on if you don't try it."
,Recommended,559210,33909819,Posted: 30 July,all,orels,"One of the best combat-free story driven RPGs out there. I would even say that I've liked it more than To The Moon. And yes, I cried... a lot..."
,Recommended,559210,33034070,Posted: 30 June,all,zionarchive,I cried.
,Recommended,559210,31672847,Posted: 10 May,all,Abi Normal,"I've literally played an hour of this and I can already tell you, I love it. Get it. Buy it. Play it. FEEL.Edit:So, after playing it for 10 hours, splitting it between days, getting through countless tissues and listening to the soundtrack over and over again, here is my honest review.Rakuen is a game that I bought because I'm such a big fan of 'To The Moon' and Laura Shigihara' music is the best. It's soothing, emotional and seems to fit into every scene perfectly.She has created a touching game, where you can make friends, see wonderful words and just generally have fun.Now, from the get go, you are aware that this game is dealing with a little boy, sick in the hospital.SPOILERS (just FYI): This game deals with life, death and how families handle those tough times when a loved one is in the hospital.It's got a beautiful message, about strength, courage and love, and the fear that we all feel deep inside, when we don't know if things are going to be alright. But, as the game reminds us, we never take the journey alone.If you're thinking, 'Should I buy this game?' Yes. It'll be money well spent. If you don't enjoy the animation, the script, the characters, the classic RPG elements or even the soundtrack, then I'm not sure what games you are playing, but they're truly not a match for Rakuen. It comes out on top.~Close your eyes, it is time, for you to tell the world goodnight..."
76561198199431567,Recommended,559210,31672084,Posted: 10 May,all,MrHaro,"This game bring the good old day, Where the game is focusing on good story line n nice bgm instead of good graphic, I'm personally love the game n the bgm, If u looking for a good story line game u should try this game, U wont dissapointed."
76561198012710766,Recommended,559210,31674859,Posted: 10 May,all,Zanphlos,"a charming and saddinging story, worth the time for sure~no settings of any sort though is a bit let of a let down and does not function with steams shift+function"
76561198027007978,Not Recommended,559210,34572008,Posted: 29 August,all,Zeitgeist,"I bought this game because to me, the idea of playing a boy and his mom as main characters is a fresh and unique concept that is rarely explored in a game. So the potential was there; combined with the nice art and really good music, why the thumbs down then?First of all, the game is not super-bad. I thought long about it but given that we only have the binary choice it tended more to the 'bad' side. The story is very predictable in a bad way. It's just a string of little sub stories to pull your heart strings in the most blatant ways (oh, this poor lonely puppy and her little girl-friend who is poor and has an alcoholic dad, gee, I wonder what will happen???).The bigger problem is the actual gameplay, though. It's just not engaging in any way. You mostly run around the world and listen to cutesy creatures talking and collect some objects to get to the next plot point. The puzzles are very light and easy, and there aren't that many of them. It's really just running around and talking for the most part. The game is not long, but it still kind of drags on.I think if you are a parent and you play this with your (really) young kid, than this game is worth playing, maybe. So as a family game, I would recommend it. For everyone else, I would only recommend it if you really enjoy the art and music."
76561198196427525,Not Recommended,559210,34464999,Posted: 24 August,all,RocketPG | N.A.H.C.,"I did not find myself enjoying this game as much as I had been told I would by friends and positive reviews. I found this game to be quite monotonous in regards to its tasks. There's also a good deal of patronizing text when you solve a relatively easy puzzle. I mean, I understand that this is supposed to be a mother praising her 8-year-old son for completing something relatively intuitive for his age, but I'm not 8. I'm probably just over sensitive to it, but I didn't really like it. In my opinion, the art style and soundtrack are all that the game really brings to the table. The puzzles are easy and the quests are monotonous collect-a-thons (or running all over an area pressing buttons). Overall, the game has a bit of a childlike feel. This is by no means a bad thing, as the feeling of innocence is rather refreshing nowadays, but I feel it was overdone."
76561198038419372,Not Recommended,559210,33710086,Posted: 21 July,all,KindofScaryWalrus,"I dont write reviews at all so this is gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥ So like, I like this game. But the writing was just poorly done to me. The story, humor, and gameplay were great to me. And how it didn't clearly state like ""Hey, talk to so-and-so to start their plotline,"" instead going for a very smooth transition from one persons story to the next. But just how those stories were carried out felt more like they were going for more of an emotional appeal rather than a good story. The writing was good to some degree, but nothing amazing. I never really felt too connected to the characters, I guess. It was like, ""Hey, heres a story"" and that was it. Not like, ""Hey, heres a character. heres their story. heres how that story turned upside down. heres how it affected blah blah blah."" I can't really convey how I feel about this but like, I feel like the writing was at a level that was not as good as it could have been, not even close.I do like the game in all, but in the end I just can't recommend it for it's current price of $10. Im my opinion that is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too much for what this game offers."
76561198184465727,Not Recommended,559210,33486079,Posted: 12 July,all,jewel-cat,"So yeah, I don't want to discount the story in this game because I do think it is a pretty good story. But reviewing this I'm trying to be honest, so here goesRakuen is a game where you play as a boy and go on an adventure with your mother, it's rather sweet and it's story is pretty good; but overall the objectives of the game, the tasks you have to do while they are simple, like say ""you have to get a bucket of water and water a plant"" they basically don't really tell you ANYTHING of what you're suppose to do, it's completley up to you to figure it out, and I find myself having to look at the walkthrough more often then I care for, because it leaves me completely clueless as to what I'm suppose to do. :/  SO yeah, I wouldn't really recommend the game unless you simply want to hear the story but be ready to have the walkthrough up because I find myself lost sorry :/"
76561198058545947,Not Recommended,559210,31695511,Posted: 11 May,all,Neosho,"I went into this game really expecting to like it. As someone who greatly enjoyed To The Moon, I thought that Rakuen would be perfect for me. However, despite the game's best efforts, it ultimately is crushed under the weight of its own ambition and feels more like a tedious slog than a journey through the highs and lows of the human condition.It may not be fair to compare Rakuen to To The Moon, but unfortunately the developer opens itself up to criticism when its main selling point is that it is a ""To the Moon inspired game."" Interstingly enough, the game falls flat on its face whenever it tries to be its own game. To the Moon's gameplay was essentially non-existant, which ended up making it a super tight experience that focused solely on narrative. Rakuen, on the other hand, adds a series of puzzles and quests that feel more tedious than anything else.These puzzles break up an otherwise excellently written and engaging story that I would love to experience on its own. These gameplay segments are so breathtakingly boring that I ended up stopping halfway threw a chapter because a puzzle demanded that I memorize chess pieces - no really. The game expected me to remember the exact location of chess pieces on a chess board.Another problem the game suffers from is that it tells its story from two perspectives: one grounded in reality and one grounded in fantasy. The original setting takes place in a hospital, which serves as a perfect backdrop for the very real and serious issues that each character must face. Unfortunately, the drama is severely undercut when Rakuen chooses instead to tell these stories in the fantasy world where people are replaced with humanoid cat creatures and cartoon grizzly bears. I get how the fantasy backdrop is suppose to lessen the severity of the issues but it ends up only softening the emotional gut punch that is the main attraction to these types games.TL;DR Buy To the Moon instead or play it again if you already have it."
76561198255744404,Recommended,559210,32793226,Posted: 25 June,all,derailed_omega_male,Oh no! This... this game is sooverstuffed with kindness!!1What have you done??? Kindness is poisonous to coldhearted @$$#0%&s like me!Uwaaaaaaaah! T_T *sniff!*
,Recommended,559210,32786182,Posted: 25 June,all,鬱,"Touching story, excellently told, while being empowered by awesome characters."
76561198069366781,Recommended,559210,32917378,Posted: 28 June,all,KikkoMan Soya,Truly beautiful
76561198041410464,Recommended,559210,32878524,Posted: 27 June,all,jonasbb,Great game
,Recommended,559210,32933287,Posted: 28 June,all,Saitama,Omg this game gave me the feels.... 10/10!
76561198329068572,Recommended,559210,32909093,Posted: 27 June,all,Winnie.Piko,Wonderful game.
76561198364021009,Recommended,559210,32948477,Posted: 28 June,all,niponfreakpz,"I waited for this game to come out since the trailer of this game was released and I was all hyped about it and I can tell you that the game is worth the hype. This game literally made me cry and i'm normally not the type to ball my eyes out but it is a first. It is really cute, I love the story, I love all the characters, the music is really beautiful, I am in love with the artwork and I can definetly see the to the moon inspiration in this game. I felt that Rakuen was too short  of a game because I really didn't want to finish it, it's sooo good! But I love how it ended so I have nothing to complain about. Ofcourse this game has it own little flaws here and there with some typo's and etc but I really enjoyed playing it as a first on steam and I look forward to more games like these rpg story based games. I definetly reccomend this game!! I am not sure if Laura Shigihara is planning to create any more. But!!! If she does, I am looking forward for more to come. Thank you for creating such an amazing game."
76561198256004335,Recommended,559210,33592826,Posted: 16 July,all,younghero1524,"I've been a big fan of the developer of this game for many years. When I first read of her work to start this game I was eager to see it after its completion. After years of waiting I finally purchased with money I set aside for it in my birthday month. Every moment I played this game was a wonderful experience and to anyone that enjoys a good story, I recommend buying this game and everything that goes with it. This would make a wonderful book, movie, or show all by itsef but to put it into a game is an enjoyable experience. The gameplay is simple and the scripting is both memorable and impacting.It has light puzzlesolving and very little rpg mechanics. Amost no platforming mechanics but the music and story is the compelling that I encourage the reader to enjoy this game for themself. Without saying too much, be prepared for your feelings to be moved with this sweet and charming story of perserverence and moving on."
,Recommended,559210,33616784,Posted: 17 July,all,Tomiply,"Rakuen is a great game that tells a series of emotional stories with depth. Puzzles are simple, but fun, music is great, characters are interesting, so I recommend it."
76561198003989281,Recommended,559210,33622180,Posted: 17 July,all,Magnyr,"I can't give a better review than many of the others far more eloquent than me, but I will say I was truly touched by the game, particularly its music, which similarly to Undertale, has me going back to Youtube long after finishing it to listen to the songs again and again. I can't praise the experience this game had on me enough. Perhaps there are flaws with the mechanics of the game, and it dig drag a bit in a few spots, particularly at the beginning, but it is SO worth your completion. I cried like I hadn't since Undertale."
76561198013741629,Recommended,559210,32344705,Posted: 11 June,all,Radiofloyd90,Beautiful game that reminded me of reading Enid Blyton's The Enchanted Wood...
,Recommended,559210,32361879,Posted: 12 June,all,BubuMC,"Great game. A lot like To the Moon, so if you liked that one you'll almost certainly like this. A little short, but certainly worth the money."
,Recommended,559210,32225718,Posted: 6 June,all,Umbra Crowspike,"If you loved To The Moon, and don't mind games that makes you burst in tears, this is the game for you. Short, but enjoyable gameplay!My only negative comment would be the difficulty scaling in puzzles; they get easier over time, to a point where the final parts of the game contain mostly none.Other than that, I'm very satisfied of my purchase."
76561198129476120,Recommended,559210,32227775,Posted: 6 June,all,RiceMonkey,"Normally I wouldn't write a ""review"" for a game I just started playing but...I can already tell that this game will end up VERY high on my all time favourite list! The art, the characters, the story, the music...wow just wow.For everyone out there who is looking for a game that pulls you right in and LOVES to solve puzzles: GET IT NOW.I do have to add that I regret not buying the Soundtrack along with the game (kicking myself so hard right now), so definitely do that if you have some money to blow. This game is absolutely worth every single penny I've spent.11/10. No regrets."
,Recommended,559210,32303523,Posted: 9 June,all,Gamer X,Laura Shigihara is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm pretty sure I didn't wanna feel sad and cry but she MADE me. How rude!
,Recommended,559210,32307182,Posted: 9 June,all,TheMook19,Very sweet game. Art and music is beautiful. Not hard at all. Just really sweet...and sad.
,Recommended,559210,32229610,Posted: 6 June,all,ridleysamus,"I was keeping an eye on this game throughout its development and also went in with level headed expectations. I'm so glad that I wasn't disappointed. This game is really well executed and was made with lots of love.However, I think it could have been greatly improved if I was able to play the game in full screen. Yes, I tried Alt-Enter. It didn't work. It wasn't a problem for me personally since I was able to power through it anyway. I just wanted to point it out. It also kinda bothered me that the young boy is referred to as ""Boy"" through out the game. It kinda confused me to be honest."
,Recommended,559210,32187869,Posted: 4 June,all,M O N O G A T A R I,"Absolutely amazing.Very similar to To The Moon, which separates the whole story with arcs w/ different characters.This story involves several different people of different ages in a hospital. But there's a magical world where they can live out their dreams and create happiness. (kinda similar to to the moon.)I completely a lot of it fairly efficiently (for exception of few parts) and completed it in 6 hours.Disclaimer: My hours are extremely high because I left the game on because of an annoying bug that was happening with my keyboard when the game is booted."
,Recommended,559210,32160979,Posted: 3 June,all,lexony,Such a great Game. Thank you Laura for this experience.
76561198322615409,Recommended,559210,32161713,Posted: 3 June,all,dialga021,This game is fun and the storyline is moving i would recommend this game to everyone who loves this kinds of games
,Recommended,559210,32165028,Posted: 3 June,all,umineko329,"Haven't done all he achievements yet, but I just finished the story. If you want to go on an emotional roller coaster from laughing to bawling your eyes out, this game will do it. THE FEELS ARE REAL WITH THIS ONE.Great story. Fun puzzles. Amazing music. Would reccommend to everyone!"
76561198089805112,Recommended,559210,32035385,Posted: 28 May,all,FriskyDingo,"a masterpiece.The quality of this game is amazing, it may be a bit slow at first, but trust me the unique and complex character development and story telling will draw you in. athough it may seem a bit childish for a RPG, do not be fooled.Best game ive played in a long time!Cant wait to see more from this studio."
,Recommended,559210,32034503,Posted: 28 May,all,ref,"Good story, good OST, good game."
76561198106275892,Recommended,559210,32037757,Posted: 29 May,all,Lewardude,"Having waited nearly four years for this game I can say that it was worth the wait. Wow. The story is both jarring and extremely touching. The endearing soundtrack mixed with an imaginative world results in a memorable and overwhelmingly enjoyable experience. Well done Laura, your hard work shines through in this one"
,Recommended,559210,32044532,Posted: 29 May,all,NumberOneIdol,i didn't expect this gut punch of feels i'm crying so hard
,Recommended,559210,32027940,Posted: 28 May,all,Pharan,"I first started playing it and was constantly irked by the unresponsiveness of the controls and the weird unsynced screen panning, both consequences of the underlying game engine they chose. I half-felt like it was enough to damn the game to not being worth playing or recommending.But I thought: It's Laura-Frigging-Shigihara. We know she does good work. Let's give her a pass.Slogging through the first part (getting used to the grid-restricted movement), and especially some four or five hours into the game, I found that I was enjoying the colorful world, and found myself subject to an UNRELENTING BARRAGE TO THE FEELS all the way to the end.(It's a really good game in its current form. Crossing my fingers for remake in a proper engine. Doesn't even have to be HD. Just keep all the sprites and assets. They're fine as is.)Around 6-8 hours if you take your time."
,Recommended,559210,32031485,Posted: 28 May,all,planesrunner,This game made me sob twice in two hours.Recommended.
,Recommended,559210,31772376,Posted: 15 May,all,NotSoProKitty,"First 30 minutes gameplay:https://youtu.be/vppmvId-TkoI'm loving this game so far.Other people have commented about the feels and I've only played about an hour but I can see how your relationship with the patients will grow and start to emotionally affect you.I just need to say THE SOUNDTRACK IS FLAWLESS! oh my god. Out of 10 I give the soundtrack a freaking 100. It is just BRILLIANT. I had to go buy the soundtrack after playing. It's such a cute well written game and I have to applaud the developers. I've been excited for so many ""major"" games this year but I think this is going to be my game of the year! I can't fault it. Amazing music, character growth and puzzles. PLEASE BUY IT YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!"
76561198041506434,Recommended,559210,31799856,Posted: 16 May,all,"Hello, I'm Felix","Honestly this game was amazing. Each character is charming in they're own way and you immediately fall in love with the main kid. If you can try to play it in one sitting, as it is a shorter game, because I feel the story hits harder that way compared to taking breaks and having time to not be emotionally sucked in. All in all and fun little game with a great story."
76561198050454319,Recommended,559210,31793803,Posted: 16 May,all,Death Jester,It's such a beautiful emotional game with a wonderful story and a gorgeous soundtrack. It hit me literally right in the feels.Thank you for this game
,Recommended,559210,31797421,Posted: 16 May,all,VivaBean,My eyes are just watering. I'm not crying.
76561197968620754,Recommended,559210,32032133,Posted: 28 May,all,Das Bleh,"This game made me cry really, really bad.  Amazing story, fantastic visuals.  Gameplay was a tiny bit slow on my Macbook Air 13"" (Early 2015) but that is probably my fault for trying to play this game on a laptop.I would highly recommend this game if you have a few hours to sit and explore.  It does require some patience / persistence to get the most out of the game.  Highly recommended for casual gamers for the storytelling and non-combat gameplay."
76561197971458548,Recommended,559210,32112754,Posted: 1 June,all,pRabbit,"What a nice adventure. Like ""To the Moon"", Rakuen is a more story-driven, rather than gameplay-driven, experience and introduces the player into its universe of stark contrast. A hospital on one side, in which the only joy to be around is brought by the often time rather quirky inhabitants (and yourself). And not-quite Rakuen on the other side: a colorful fantasy world that helps the two main characters - son and mother - not only to explore and resolve the stories of the patients in the ""real world"", but as well come to terms with the overarching storyline itself.""Rakuen"" is heartfelt. Some parts outright made me sob, while others made me giggle like an idiot. At some moments it feels a bit rushed, only to find back to its strengths a bit later. The songs are nice, but beside one or two exceptions (especially the chorus towards the end got me) unfortunately forgettable. Still, I had a good time with ""Rakuen"" and will recommend it to anyone who's asking."
,Recommended,559210,32114572,Posted: 1 June,all,Ehlo,If you liked To The Moon you have to play Rakuen.
76561198169564725,Recommended,559210,32139875,Posted: 2 June,all,ₛ ᵢ ₗ ₑ ₙ ₜ,It's a great game
,Recommended,559210,32140222,Posted: 2 June,all,Charee,"RakuenLength: 10 hours (The other hours were roaming around to create a guide for this game)Art- Your standard RPGmaker art for human characters and Leebles. However, art for other characters like the Buds and Onions was a lot better. The backgrounds for the fanasty world really stood out to me.Music and Sound- Beautiful score, songs fit the moment and areas very well. They didn't become annoying at any point. In some parts where there is singing there is voice acting. Keep in mind this is EXTREMELY rare. The voice acting is good, high quality.Characters- I liked the majority of characters, even one off ones. I wish we could of spent more time with the main characters. You get connected to the characters, but it never feels like the character interacted with you much or connected with you except for Sue and (sort of) Tony. I was always wishing I could do something more for them, even if it was small, because that's kind of what these characters need. I felt helpless watching them, unable to help the way I wanted to. It never got to the point where it was annoying at all, it was more like... just emphasizing with the characters. Of course, that feeling of helplessness is kind of what the game's about. Many of the charcters feel lost and unable to do anything in their situaitions. It's out of their control... Aw man, I thought I was making a negative point but now it's positive! I haven't connected with characters like this in a long while.Story- Atmosphere is utilized very well. It actually made me anxious at some points, like in the Hospital or duringWinston's story.Character driven.Gameplay- No combat, that's not an issue for me, but it's important. Consists of puzzles, walking around, talking to characters. Avoid this if you like (or need) your games with combat.A true gem worth your time. Don't let it pass you by just because of the RPGMaker Tag. Well worth the price, a great score, and charming"
,Recommended,559210,32132812,Posted: 2 June,all,bigbosserndog,"I enjoyed this game a lot! A wide cast  of relatable and enjoyable characters. Puzzles are quite generic most of the time and are a breeze to go through, but when they become a head scratcher it's usually because the puzzle was not explained very well, e.g. the four seasons puzzle it took me quite a lot time to solve it, and I pretty much figured it out after solving the puzzle accidentally.However I don't believe the joy in playing this game is in the gameplay, much like games of this type such as To The Moon which I'm sure Rakuen will be compared to a lot because of your involvement in it, as these games are all about the journey and the characters which are done extremely well in this game.Exploring the world is very enjoyable, and it's nice to back track when you gain new abilities and open up new areas. And all the NPCs are fun and quirky and I felt compelled to go around talkig to every single one of them just to be surprised by whatever they say.And of course, Laura Shigihara's music plays an important part in the emotional delivery, especially the vocal pieces that play during key moments. Just powerful stuff.Overall, it's a very worthwhile experience and I would recommend this game to any that enjoys a heart felt journey and interacting with a world of interesting characters, definitely take your time with this game to explore as it is very rewarding."
,Recommended,559210,33207813,Posted: 3 July,all,MrKJ444,What a beautiful beautiful game. Just finished it and I know it will stay with me for a while. Many tears were shed.
,Recommended,559210,33556887,Posted: 15 July,all,HefBot 2.0,"Laura Shigihara is a demon made flesh! A demon that preys upon the feelings of hope, sorrow, longing, loneliness, and oh my god as I write this I realise just how much of an emotional rollercoaster this game was!Not since To The Moon have I so routinely kept finding dust in my eyes whilst playing a game.The visuals were very pretty, the characters were relatable. The puzzles had been playtested extensively to smooth off any sharp edges. And the soundtrack? Absolutely central to manipulating my emotions like a harpist on my heart strings.If you, like me are a very stoic person whose only interaction with your emotions is to wave at them as if from a passing car then this game will be entirely foreign to you. I felt things, even when I desperately tried not to, and I firmly blame Laura!Buy. This. Game."
76561198202502835,Recommended,559210,33416520,Posted: 9 July,all,0v3rl0rd,1 word-icrievrytim. ;-;
76561198061719013,Recommended,559210,33893269,Posted: 29 July,all,Brightroar,This game gave me all of the feels. If you like To The Moon or any story-heavy RPGs this is a must play.
76561198055261121,Recommended,559210,33889482,Posted: 29 July,all,reensdragon,"I'm horrible at this kind of thing but I haven't felt such deep feelings for little pixel characters. I was invested the whole time I played, wanting to know what would happen and the ending... sad yet so beautiful. I honestly couldn't recommend this game more."
76561198049236299,Recommended,559210,33870601,Posted: 28 July,all,ButterflyGirlKMC,This game is so beautiful and amazing! The story is awe inspiring and the music is gorgeous! The story will bring you to tears and everyone should play it.
76561198055066618,Recommended,559210,33818044,Posted: 26 July,all,Gewoonmarjo,"Very cute, straighforward game. Good music and storyline.I really enjoyed the visuals.Highly recommended game if you like these kinda games."
76561198142573222,Recommended,559210,33820913,Posted: 26 July,all,Völfle,"I love this game very much. I've spent the past 3 hours sitting here enjoying this game. The puzzles aren't terribly difficult to figure out, and for the harder challenges, every time you mess up and reset, some of the difficulties you faced before will be gone, so what might have seemed like an impossible task is now easier for you to complete! That's really cool!  I am definitely going to play more of this game.There's more I found excellent, even in the first three hours, but I would highly recommend you find those cultural references and connections for yourself. ;)Thank you Laura Shigihara!  You have made a wonderful game with excellent music as well!"
,Recommended,559210,33854344,Posted: 28 July,all,Queen Pingu,"Rakuen lives up to the true magic of a bedtime story. Its magical and charming as all heck. But like all good stories it touches you on a deep and personal level, one not expected at first glance unless you know the creator. If you know laura and her work, you'll know that you are in for the best adventure, simple but ever so detailed, not to mention the most amazing soundtrack that hits you in all the right moments. All the individual stories for characters in this game are unique and beautiful, telling an important story, lesson even and together they create the amazingly magical world of rakuen which you simply must delve into and discover for yourself. but be prepared to cry... and laugh <3"
,Recommended,559210,33962615,Posted: 1 August,all,xrainxofxbloodx,"This game is child appropriate, wholesome, and adorable, but it is also mature and heartbreaking. Many parts of the story, though told in fantastical fashion, can be very relatable, and that's how it gets you. I cried plenty.Like 'To The Moon', there is no combat. The entire game is focused on story telling and exploration, and it's gameplay takes the form of scavenger hunts and puzzles, which aren't hard if you pay attention.There is an autosave feature, which was a godsend, as I was foolish enough to block off my only exit from a room and found no way to undo it. (Also my power went out but that's less relevant)My one complaint is that I feel there wasn't enough done to establish the main character's relationship with a certain other character. Though they spoke together plenty, it didn't feel like there was enough emphasis put on it, and at the climax it was just kinda sprung that they had gotten so close. Maybe that's just me though.Overall, great game with great storytelling."
76561198282922991,Recommended,559210,34449868,Posted: 23 August,all,vaz.marciooliveira,Rakuen is a simple game that can deliver you much more than most of this big tittles and high graphics games out there can do. A truly piece of art. 10/10
76561198005962608,Recommended,559210,34594243,Posted: 29 August,all,imbUdz,"A touching story of a hospitalized kid, tho not as much as a train-wreck like To The Moon, but you can't help but feel good throughout the game, even tho you will cry at some parts."
,Recommended,559210,33831630,Posted: 27 July,all,Angel Eyes,Well worth playing!
,Recommended,559210,34599184,Posted: 29 August,all,Kgxkwk,One of best and most touching RPGs I've played. Both OST and Story telling are amazing.
,Recommended,559210,34597071,Posted: 29 August,all,Fukuro 袋蟻食 Arikui,"A lovingly crafted tale of a boy in hospital who goes on adventures to a fantastic world, made even more wonderful by the fact that the boy's mother comes along on these adventures to help him. I'm a big fan of these RPG maker type adventure games that focus on story and not combat, and Rakuen is the best. The stories it tells pull at the heartstrings and I definitely welled up a few times whilst playing.It took me about ten hours to get through the game, without walkthroughs, and there's just a couple of linked achievements that I managed to miss out on and will have to aim for on a second play through. ^_^"
76561197962572546,Recommended,559210,34598573,Posted: 29 August,all,Janzu,It's hard to find a review of the game that doesn't mention how beautiful the story is and there's a very good reason for that. It just is that good. Thank-you for the experience. :)
,Recommended,559210,34597312,Posted: 29 August,all,GingerNES,"What a great game, highly recommended. The art style is beautiful! The puzzles are great. It is a very nice game to relax and explore. I love that I don't have to worry about enemies running around (only one or two small sections of gameplay out of 22 hours so far). I don't have time for games but I am making time and looking forward to this game as often as possible. The soundtrack is amazing and looks like I'll buy it soon."
,Recommended,559210,34598173,Posted: 29 August,all,Goroma Jima,This was a very cute game. Except for the spooky
76561198215818788,Recommended,559210,34183493,Posted: 11 August,all,reinbowcat,"I've been waiting for Rakuen for a long time; as a big fan of Laura Shigihara's music, and knowing she's a close friend of Kan R. Gao, I was SUPER excited for this game. But this really isn't a game for everyone. It's kind of deceiving in how it appears, and early on in the game you can catch the gist of what will probably happen towards the end. Especially if you know the meaning of the word ""rakuen.""I was really not prepared for the emotional impact this game was going to have on me. I really wasn't, and towards the end of the game I was genuinely upset, and angry, and thinking on some parts of the game automatically makes tears jump to my eyes. Had I known I wouldve been taken so strongly by the story of the game, I probably would've waited to play it - I'm a bit more sensitive these days due to some rough stuff in my personal life. That said, this is a GREAT game - if it wasn't, I wouldn't be recommending it! It's a beautiful game, with a lot of tie-ins and subtle statements about current events, and even events in the past that still have had lasting effects to this day. It presents them from the eyes of a child, but the discerning eye can catch n pretty quickly with what's happening thanks to all the clever context clues in the scenery and puzzles.From a gameplay perspective... well, to be honest, there's not much. This is a story driven game, primarily, and the puzzles themselves aren't too difficult. There are a few in-game animations that I think are... weird, such as when using the axe or foraging - the sprites just don't deliver those kinds of actions too well. But they're also the means to an end to deliver you to the story, the true gem of this game. And as I've gone on above - the story will rip you to shreds emotionally if you underestimate how deep it can get."
76561198061246726,Recommended,559210,34955631,Posted: 14 September,all,Mr. StealYourGirl,So uhhh.... No Holds Bard amIrite?
,Recommended,559210,34953231,Posted: 14 September,all,BlackMage,"A charmingly illustrated and written story about family, loss, and childhood wonder."
76561198025714465,Recommended,559210,34957134,Posted: 14 September,all,Tino,Approximately the best game ever.17/11
76561198329520792,Recommended,559210,34956958,Posted: 14 September,all,LetsPlayProgram,"Beautiful, astonishing game.Obviously the subject matter can be grim, and to the game's eternal credit, it does not mess around with platitudes or false comforts. That being said, most people will find the overall experience hopeful, adorable, and downright delightful.If you are currently battling illness, I think it will comfort you. You'll follow multiple characters struggling with various health problems, having different emotional reactions to their trials and their caretakers. This game delivers a wise and thorough treatment of the many manifestations of suffering - and generosity - in a human heart. That specificity and nuance in the game is why we want to use it in our program. The game rewards empathy and loving kindness, as does life.If you are a caretaker, I think you would find it encouraging. I've spent 20 years helping my family care for a loved one with dementia. It's easy to let a cloud of sorrow hang over every interaction, growing a little more hopeless every time you are with them. It's hard to remember that creativity is...well, allowed! That sounds funny, but it's true. Rakuen shows a Mother doing just that, pouring out a story and adventure that heals her child's heart, even as she cannot control what will heal his body. (Also, this is the best mom in video game history, in my opinion.)When my family started to ""play"" in how we cared for my loved one, and let ourselves try anything we could think of to increase her well being and comfort, our reward was not so much a recovery of the person she was - the disease took that long ago - but a chance to enjoy and love the person she had become. She could laugh, if we told the right kind of joke. She could sing, if we played the right music. She could tell stories, if we were patient and worked to draw them out of her. One of the characters in the game also has what seems to be a form of dementia, and you help him ""speak"" what is in his heart at one point. I would tell people to buy this game just for that one moment.It's not a ""hard to watch"" experience. If you've played That Dragon, Cancer, there is a similar balance between the trials and hopes, though I think Rakuen offers more escape and relief as you play it. That's a good thing, as it is hours longer! There are real moments of foreboding, yes, and right from the very beginning. But there's also wit, whimsy, nerdy fun humor, love, and joy. A suffering person is never always sorrowful, just as a happy person is never always happy. The humans in this game, and their magical counterparts, feel like that, and so seem very real.Congrats to the team behind this lovely game. You did an amazing job!"
,Recommended,559210,34959994,Posted: 14 September,all,suponjiii,"This game is absolutely phenomenal. It has been such an experience. I loved every single minute of it!Everything about this game was just absolutely perfect - The art, the music, the story, the characters - I don't have enough praise for this game.I really don't want to spoil too much but I highly recommend this game if you like story-driven games that focus more on the story than gameplay, which is simple I guess. Nonetheless the world drew me in right away and left me sobbing like a child at the end.Laura Shigihara really created a masterpiece here."
,Recommended,559210,34954036,Posted: 14 September,all,FullFlameOP,"This game has a great story, music, characters, and art. It might be for everyone, but if you're interested in an artsy, story driven game, then this is exactly what you're looking for. Highly recommend."
76561198164952867,Recommended,559210,34954169,Posted: 14 September,all,GOREtishia,"I absolutely love this game. The artwork, music, and storyline are absolutely phenomenal and it is definitely worth a play."
,Recommended,559210,34954547,Posted: 14 September,all,avprakash98,"I wrote a full length review for my college newspaper:https://emorywheel.com/25576-2/Please give it a read and let me know if you like/have an issue with anything I have said.Here is an excerpt that summarizes why I love this game so much:"" “Rakuen” tackles the injustices of life and the benefit of doing good things in genuine ways.. The game never underestimates the looming presence of death that follows around each patient but also shows that even those who are stricken with melancholy can change and make amends. The bonds you form are the most valuable things to a person, and this game poignantly makes the player understand this. As the player drinks tea at the lavish parties in Morizora’s Forest and traverses the vivid memories of misery and merriness of other patients, the message of the game becomes clear.If you’ve lived a life with strong connections to the people around you, then you can breath your last breaths with no regrets."""
76561198013211641,Recommended,559210,34959498,Posted: 14 September,all,mcangelosi,"This game is charming and hopeful. It admittedly took a while to click for me, but after I finished, it really stuck with me. It's also the only game I know that has delicious-sounding tea as a plot element, so that's a definite plus."
76561198154175943,Recommended,559210,34959566,Posted: 14 September,all,Flunderchocobo,"I really enjoyed this game. It offers a beautiful world (that I now kinda miss after having played through the game), a sweet soundtrack and lovely characters. As for negative aspects: I did not really like the dungeon at the beginning, and at some times, the storytelling appeared a little ""messy"" to me; but the rest of the game totally makes up for it. As a side note, I was kinda (positively) surprised about the mystery elements in this game. Rakuen left me heart-warmed and contented :)"
,Recommended,559210,34959585,Posted: 14 September,all,radsectors,"I laughed, I cried, I shouted in anger! This game moved me."
,Recommended,559210,35000597,Posted: 16 September,all,Glyphica,Beautiful game. Struggling to finish it because i want to make it last forever.
,Recommended,559210,35119362,Posted: 21 September,all,some amount of gravy,I don't think I've ever been so emotional about a game. That was a ride. Thank you.
,Recommended,559210,35177007,Posted: 24 September,all,Lil Budz,"Truly something else, nothing short of a masterpiece."
76561198070496795,Recommended,559210,34907769,Posted: 12 September,all,Refercto,"Beautiful game, although some cheesy parts, the plot shows wit and thoughtfulness--and there are a lot of ties into real world events (even history) that add wonderfully to the experience.I would highly recommend.Laura Shigihara did a wonderful job in this game."
,Recommended,559210,34953835,Posted: 14 September,all,Anne,"Absolutely loved this game from start to finish. Watched a gameplay of it first and after hearing the beautiful soundtrack and the wonderful story and seeing the beautiful artwork, I decided that I had to get it. Not just so I could play it again, but because I also wanted to support the creator so they can continue creating music and more games. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,559210,34953648,Posted: 14 September,all,야옹^meow,Just try to play this game. You need no explanation to do it. You'll understand why.
76561198023838513,Recommended,559210,34953858,Posted: 14 September,all,TauPsi,A really charming game <3
76561198054039882,Recommended,559210,34957852,Posted: 14 September,all,kelheiser,Absolutely loved this game!  Made me cry multiple times and serves as an essay on being nice.
76561198137659922,Recommended,559210,34747952,Posted: 4 September,all,megsdennett,"What an absolutely delightful and involving game.  Seven hours of pure bliss, tears too.  Loved the score and have to congratulate the developer on this wonderful game.  More, more!!!"
,Recommended,559210,34615636,Posted: 30 August,all,Colette Bennett,"Laura's talent has truly shone on every project she's taken on in the past. But Rakuen is perhaps the fruition of all that work, a game that touched a very rare spot in the heart of any gamer who has been deeply touched by a video game.It's pretty clear from the premise that we are in for some unique storytelling, but what the summary will not tell you is how much discovering the world of Rakuen feels like the most beloved games of the SNES era. It's not trying to hail back to that time; it's just the sort of game that's too rare these days. Beautiful, heartfelt dialogue and quirky comedy take turns as we learn about our protagonist and the world he inhabits. In all the games I've played over the last 20 years, I have never once played a terminally ill child. This is a brilliant story option and thrilling to me as it's a brand new experience.Video games are not often tender, but Rakuen is. It has a sense of wonder. It's fully plugged into the human experience and all its ups and downs. And the fantasy side of it is so enveloping that there's never a moment where you don't believe in it entirely. I don't want to ruin any of its secrets, but I will say that the connection between Rauken and the human world is one that left me thinking even after the game is closed. The story is part fantasy, but there's a lot of reality woven into it. Those two juxtapose so beautifully it's made Rakuen one of the most memorable titles I have played all year.If you miss the quirkiness of The Secret of Evermore and the fantastic worlds of Chrono Trigger you are going to love Rakuen. Surely it was inspired by them, but I think it could easily have existed right beside them in its own right. That's praise I can rarely give to any game – that it could stand right next to the classics and look right at home."
,Recommended,559210,34605932,Posted: 30 August,all,MajorQ12,"THIS GAME IS SO BEAUTIFULNo.  Stop.  I must calm myself.Remember To the Moon?  Well, this is that all over again....THIS GAME IS SO BEAUTIFUL"
76561198068619494,Recommended,559210,34599871,Posted: 30 August,all,Al3xlasting,"Laura, it's unfortunate to say that I have been unable to find an opprotune window of time where I can sit down and enjoy this game to the fullest without the stress of my hectic schedule. However,  I heard that you're in need of some more reviews. Even though I haven't experienced the game much at all other than being able to listen to your wonderful soundtrack, I have found to greatly enjoy other games that have been influenced by your musical talents such as 'To the Moon'. A whole game lovingly and carefully crafted by you within the span of approximately four years should definately be at least worth checking out.Hopefully this review will help in your quest to reach an even wider audience!"
,Recommended,559210,34607524,Posted: 30 August,all,Draiken Talkos,"I love this game. For the Japanese language and/or culture learner, you get tidbits throughout the game that are really cool to notice bundled in a beautiful game. The music fits every situation, and while the storyline can be heavy at times, it emphasizes lots of important lessons such as learning how to communicate well and believing in yourself. Unlocking achievements is cool, but if you want a game that you can easily play through for the storyline, Rakuen gives it to you. Very strongly recommended."
76561198042729662,Recommended,559210,34620605,Posted: 30 August,all,merridocknightsend,"It's a sweet game, very charming. It's well worth the wait. Haven't had much time with it, but already having a great time. Congratulations Shigi."
,Recommended,559210,34651973,Posted: 31 August,all,F4m3n1cIo,"Love it, the story is so beautiful and I feel like I can connect with the characters very well. I can't stop playing and had to wrench myself from the game in order to go do work."
,Recommended,559210,35077376,Posted: 19 September,all,Ian,"I really liked the music and the art is really amazing, specially the character's portraits. The story was good too, I liked the overall order of the things, how the game presents you each character and how you get to know them better.While many of the things you do in the game (objectives if you want to called them that way) are meaningful to the story and it characters, many others felt quite meaningless, making the game unnecesary long for me at times. But may be I'm just too impatient, because at the end I'll definetly recommend this game to anyone that likes heartwarming stories."
,Recommended,559210,35076726,Posted: 19 September,all,triptychr,"The story of Rakuen is filled with catharsis and compassion, and had me outright sobbing by the end. The soundtrack, as expected from this creator, plays to the magical realism of the game beautifully.Now and then it felt like the more puzzle-focused areas of the game were detracting from the narrative, but the journey is more than worth it."
,Recommended,559210,35070550,Posted: 19 September,all,Solum,"Like To The Moon, but considerably longer and therefore with considerably more heartwrenching moments."
,Recommended,559210,34808533,Posted: 7 September,all,Karrabba,I cried so much.
76561198052675645,Recommended,559210,34804189,Posted: 7 September,all,Snowball,"The story is equal parts heartwarming and heartbreaking. The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful and really brings across the weight of every individual story-line.Wonderful art, EVERYTHING IN THIS IS REALLY GOOD GUYS!Will leave you bawling for hours if you have the merest hint of a soul. Buy it, seriously."
,Recommended,559210,34854342,Posted: 9 September,all,Squeakalop,Highly recommend. Will stomp your heart to pieces in the best way possible.
76561198145139395,Recommended,559210,34815867,Posted: 8 September,all,yoship,"It isn't easy writing a review for Rakuen. It obviously does not come with cutting edge technological innovations in user interface or game mechanics, but I'll still rate it a 9.5/ 10. Guessing the budget, scope, tools at hand, and the asking price- the small development team has come up with a little gem that will not be easy to forget. Where Rakuen may lag behind the AAA games, it more than makes up in its heart and Emotion Quotient (EQ).Art in Rakuen is endearing, and slightly reminiscent of Stardew Valley's. In particular portraits of two little children stand out- their expressions a joy to look at. The high aesthetics in the visual department are equally matched in music, another draw of the game. Sure the game has slight flaws in places with plot devices, some disjointedness, some repetition. But these are minor considering what the game successfully accomplishes.In summary, Rakuen is a game that gently explores Love, Life, and Loss. While promoting values of goodness, caring, empathy- and considering how much the world needs these virtues today, Rakuen easily earns my very high recommendation."
,Recommended,559210,34869106,Posted: 10 September,all,Emblem180,"As I've grown older, I've noticed that it's not just the endings and goodbyes that make me well up, but the small acts of compassion. More than anything, I feel like that's what Rakuen's about. It's so honest and sees the good in everyone.This is a lovely, simple game that uses the most basic of gameplay systems-- walking, searching, reading, pondering-- to tell a story that slowly grows into something genuinely magical and bittersweet. The soundtrack has the same effect: it's hard to notice how special it is until you look back when everything is over.As long as this world has people like Laura Shigihara making things like Rakuen, I think we'll be alright."
,Recommended,559210,34875664,Posted: 10 September,all,Daymaul,"What can I say other than that this is an amazing and well put together game? The visuals are beautiful, the audio is amazing and really immerses you into the game. I recommend playing this with some good headphones because it really helps you get lost in the world Laura Shigihara and her team has created. The story is also beautiful and well-written but can go a little quickly if you try to rush through it. The game took be about 9 hours but I made sure to talk to everyone, explore everywhere, and complete everything. I also went a little slowly I think. All in all, it is definitely worth your money."
,Recommended,559210,34887830,Posted: 11 September,all,Sabrina.vstaay,I absolutely love this game. The storyline is an instant grabber right at the very beginning. The artwork is very well done and the music is perfect for the game. I love these types of games and the developers did an amazing job. This game is very interesting and it is challenging and the missions are really fun. I would recommend this game it's definitely worth every penny
,Recommended,559210,35044396,Posted: 18 September,all,Dringy,"This game is both relaxing and emotional, great for a quiet evening in. Many of the characters are charming and the general tone of the game is quite light (but this really highlights the darker parts). The game mostly plays by going around talking to people and collecting things, it mostly relies on the story and characters to engage players, but if you don't mind that then it does a good job. I really enjoyed this game and I would recommend it.It's similar to To The Moon and A Bird Story."
76561198384420978,Recommended,559210,35214754,Posted: 25 September,all,crimsonfuri,"This game is an absolute masterpiece.  So well written and a compelling musical score.  I just finished streaming it and have been crying the past 20 minutes lol.  Each story's lighthearted moments lead to poignant ones, but it is told from a child's poitn of view.  You get to walk a mile in someone else's shoes and help them find themselves.  This game really touches on the feeling of being lost and needing help to find your way.Get ready to have heart strings tugged as each story is more profound than the next. Laura Shigihara did an amazing job developing, publishing and composing for this game.  I wait in elation for the next game.  I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone."
76561198262720647,Recommended,559210,35211452,Posted: 25 September,all,eabakerster,This game is amazing. Such story. Such art. I was weeping tears. A lot. Play this.
76561198097931549,Recommended,559210,35210863,Posted: 25 September,all,Uob,My only concern as a player is that I waste too much water by filling up sinks.At least I keep the toilet seat down.
,Recommended,559210,35358447,Posted: 30 September,all,Favmir,"Bought the game for cute animals in fantasy world. Couldn't finish the game because I got spooked.Don't buy it if you're a ♥♥♥♥♥ like me, I guess"
76561198053489369,Recommended,559210,31789093,Posted: 16 May,all,FlareZenyu,"Beautiful art, beautiful music, beautiful story... I tried so hard not to cry throughout the game, but when the ending came I couldn't hold it in anymore. One of the best games I've played with very memorable characters that I won't forget anytime soon, if ever. Definitely recommended."
76561198014824811,Recommended,559210,35400334,Posted: 1 October,all,Nitori,"Great storyGreat artGreat soundtrackPassable gameplayIf you enjoyedTo the Moon, you'll probably like this too."
,Recommended,559210,35398439,Posted: 1 October,all,salvagedspirit,"I felt a void in my life after beating to the moon... I looked for another game that could invoke that kind of emotion and it just wasn't to be found. Well, Rakuen scratches that itch. If you liked to the moon, play this game."
,Not Recommended,559210,31682980,Posted: 11 May,all,pubg.me/player/LYRILL,top 3 bgm out of the 29 tracks not pre released on bandcampThe Keepers  (main menu music too)Mori No Kokorobuild a little world with mei've seen people say this and that about this game and i've still not completed it because honestly it was a huge letdown gameplay wise you can just read the earliest negative review still holding 50% useful votes that says something about thisshoulda just sticked to purely visual novel or asked help from others  in designing some gameplay elements that's actually engaging and not infuriating
,Recommended,559210,35480661,Posted: 4 October,all,Sorata654,the game started kind of slowly but is definitely worth playing through.it's amazing and deserves the massive amount of positive reviews.
