user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,559340,28017102,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BikeMan,"I like what's in here so far, it's very promising.  There is a solid foundation of crafting and weapon/quality variation at this time.  Also I was very surprised at the sheer variety of pistol types and unique loading animations/skins for each category.  The atmosphere is sufficently creepy, it's sort of a future post apcolypse type of western with bandits and future tech, but everything is worn in and dusty.  I got a clear  picture of where they are going with the multiplayer landscape, having seen different types of merchants, traders and a player item auctioneer as well.  I assume playing Blacksmith, the class I chose to start with, will be pretty lucrative, putting up pistols and outfits I crafted, as they have a random chance for better quality depending on the toolkit you have equipped and its overall tier.That said this is stage one alpha. Which means there is zero optimization whatsoever, NPC enemies are in the game but have no real AI yet, so they are derp until that happens.  The game hitches and freezes often when traveling enough distances and sometimes just turning the camera.  It is a mine field of video lag for even the beefiest rig.  As this is common in any game this early in development, I'll look past it for now and see how optimization goes down the line.To explore the game, I made my own server, locked it and played by myself for a good amount of hours.  I can see the direction they are intending to go with this, and with such a good solid loot foundation and the groundwork for player crafting and enconomy already in, I am confident in my investment here and will be patient to see where this goes.My final thoughts: Buy this if you want to invest in what it will become.  If you want to actually weather the bugs and annoying glitches with some patience and a bug report to the devs to lend a hand.  But if you want to sink your teeth into something right this moment, you may want to wait for a few updates and watch the forums/news for the game."
,Recommended,559340,28069096,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,dbl4k,"I know this game's only been out for two days, I think in my short time i've seen a fair amount of things.Overall, definitely in an very-early-access state at the moment - it;s good fun but there's not much in it yet.Oh and I've not tried any crafting yet so can't comment on that.Pros:- It's a large scale Old Western MMOPVP/PVE with survival & crafting for a tenner. (£)- It comes with a PVE-only server option if you get bored of players shooting at you :)- You can run your own dedicated server instance locally - can confirm this works really well already.- The graphics are decent enough, the procedural generation seems to be doing it's job. You get a feeling for the vast open space without it being too sparsely populated. Even the medium scale map is huge!- First Person & Third Person. You can play in both :D!- The day/night cycles are gorgeous. The sunrise colours the landscape orange and hazily shimmers on the horizon. The days are bright and bleak etc..- Revolvers!Cons:- Currently there's no option to start the game fully clothed, so everyone's running around a desert in their pants right now.- Joining a geographically distant server seems to REALLY screw with the game - you'll fall through the floor a lot (a lot), movement will be elastic banded. Just start your own dedicated server or join a nearer one and these issues go away almost entirely.- The enemy AI is... very basic at the moment, The bad guys just seem to stand still until you get close, then they continue to stand still, shooting at you. They will pathfind around objects to get a clear line of sight but there's no attempt at AI cover mechanics.- the towns aren't exactly populated yet - empty taverns everywhere.- There are no trains, carriages, horses etc.. you have to walk everywhere.- Bulletsponges - expect to shoot an NPC about 5 times in the face before he goes down.- The night time - quite dark. Could do with some ambient lighting around the towns/settlements/camps.The vision is great, and all of the cons are & could be reasily remedied (some are even in the development roadmap).I'm impressed with this taster, and genuinely excited for how this will look in a year or two. Good work guys!"
,Recommended,559340,30204004,Posted: 26 February,all,bamjeep,"So far, I'm really liking this game. It has a ton of potential and I can't wait to see what it becomes in the future.I thought I'd let you know what I think is good and not so good about this game if you ever plan on buying it, so here's my Pros and Cons.Pros:- The overall environment is excellent. It really meets that feeling I get when I'm in actual deserts, so kudos to the developers for achieving that.- Exploring is fun. Generally, I don't like exploring much in survival games, but since I adore the desert setting, this was rather enjoyable to explore.- Graphics are pretty good.- The tremor-worm thingies or whatever they're called are scary as hell, although I kinda think they're unnecessary to the western genre this game has.- The guns are neat.- Menu music is pretty awesome.Cons:- Some of the terrain could use some work. However, for the most part, the mountains look pretty good.- Enemies are absolute bullet sponges, so expect to shoot them a lot before finally killing them.- This game is in very early access, so expect a sh*t ton of glitches and optimization issues.- NPCs really don't do much... besides stand around and maybe run after you for a short period of time.- The world in general feels very empty in general.Do I recommend this game? Absolutely, but expect to deal with usual early access issues."
76561197982025552,Recommended,559340,28959142,Posted: 2 January,all,Sugarshrimp,"This game has tremendous potential. However it is still in a very early stage of development. Even so I heartily recommend purchasing this game to support its continued development.That said, please be aware the game has many bugs and currently suffers a lack of content. I had some difficulties making an account within the game myself. However, with a bit of persistence I was able to manage. I don't review many games, but I felt this game has such potential that it really warranted a positive review.If you like survival games and/or westerns, then please consider buying this game to help support its development. Also it will give me more players to shoot at. :)"
76561198122599840,Recommended,559340,28148816,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Vondragon,"Finally a Survival Western Sandbox, probably the only one of its kind. (Maybe not, but definitely an Early Access noteworthy)The game was released on Steam recently and therefore requires various improvements and refinements, but has all the cards on the table to become a worthy Survival with features and interesting ideas.Recommended for lovers of the genre and for those who want to help devs take this project forward."
76561198022820668,Recommended,559340,28157680,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,haggalais,this game is what i have been waiting for the crafting system is amazing the random guns are cool keeps it fresh when you make a pistol and it does not look like the one you got last time. Bandits can take a few to many bullets somtimes shure but they have names you know wich one is the tougher of the group loot is random but you always get a the gun from a dead bandit so it feels good when you kill that prick with a hand cannon that does 41 dammage a shot and you get to pry it from his cold dead hands and use or sell it. Im interested to see what thhey do with this game the one thhing they need asap would be horses i know its a lot of work but it would make a good foundation to this becoming a popular game on steam.
,Recommended,559340,27972142,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kyler Acorn of R.P.D Z.P.D,it a good game i wish it add singleplayer too but it is in alpha just give it some time i'm vouching for this game
,Recommended,559340,28010303,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,「SUNBOAT」,"Literally unplayable.By literally unplayable I mean REALISTICALLY AND LITERALLY.Game crashes on startup. No options menu for startup has been added in, restarting and clearing cache does nothingEDIT 1 : So far, the developers /have/ contacted me. Which, they do care about how people see their game. Being some of the most polite devs on steam, I've seen so far. I do appreciate this. I'm afraid that even with the fixes in place, I'm unable to play. Due to having low fps (1-3. Maybe five tops.) And, being unable to edit any options. (Due to the temporary fix mentioned above.) It's also only in 0.1 alpha. Which, in my opinion, is a /terrible/ state to put a game in for early access.However, the music I've heard so far, and the speediness of the emails needs to be mentioned. I LOVE how the menu sounds, and I LOVE how fast the emails related to the game are sent. Keep up the good work, I think the people in charge of emails deserves some sort of recognition. But, again. I'm still unable to play this game. Today, currently being the second day of the game being released on steam. So far, there's been two patches. One for the first day, and the other for today.EDIT 2I still haven't managed to get the game to work, properly. But I delved into it, regardless. The first thing I have to say, is the menu's. They're great. I love the integration of them, but I feel like it can get confusing. So something could be done to fix that, perhaps adding pop-up words, as in. When you hover over the inventory icon, you get the word ""Inventory"".Next up, the weapons. They straight up look great, and there's a variety of revolvers with different loading animations. Like break action, side-loading, regular-loading. I love the animations. You also spawn with a different revolver, everytime. So the start of every game can get a bit different.I also love the AI, currently. They walk away, if you get too close. Move to the side. Follow you. Though some improvements can always be made, I feel as if it's a great start to an alpha version.Next, the world generation seems off. Buildings clipping into the ground, barren areas, that sort of stuff. However, the generation ITSELF is great. Truly makes me feel like I'm in the old west. But there's not enough cacti, please add more cacti. (I'm serious.) And, please add more buildings. More npc's, too.And, for the small amount of voice acting. I love the actor's voice. Though, I feel he could use a little bit more grammar, and fouler words. It /is/ the old west, and they /are/ bandits.When these issues are fixed, and the frame-rate issues are fixed. I'll gladly make my score higher. All of the people on this indie team are kind, and are human. /Please/. Contnue to improve this game. Even if I can't ever run it, I'll still gladly continue to watch it improve. I might not have seen much, but I'll say this. Good moves so far, keep up the good work.concept and screenshots look fun. I give this a 5/10 for now.Pick it up in a few months, or weeks.EDIT 3 : After picking it up a ton of months later, I sadly have to say that, even in this state. The game continues to be a buggy game. Such things I've encountered is my health dropping, but not visibly. Causing me to not know how many hit points I have. And enemies seeming to just stand still once dead. Some not even moving. While most of these were fixed with a quick cache refresh, the glaring ones. Such as the health tick not working, persisted. I wasn't able to play much of the game, due to the unfortunate lack of players on any server. (Played at 11 PM, take that with a grain of salt.)Regardless, even though I haven't played much. The gun randomization and soundtrack were great pluses. And the feeling of a cartoonish artstyle can appear around sunset. It's a unique game, that unfortunately was released much too early to make any sort of impact. Early access or not, I think this game is a great example of a product released far too early into the market. Though it can be beneficial for extra funding, it can easily affect an overall sense of playercount and purchases down the road. Please. PLEASE. Buy this game, regardless of the overall faults. It's still a decent game at heart, and with much more promise down the road. This company isn't a bad one, and the fact that you can get problems fixed incredibly quick is an insane advantage to other games that don't have a fix, or need you to download random things on the internet to make something work. (See : Fallout 3 on windows 7.)At any rate, I feel like this review should give you two choices.If you want to bite the bullet and try it anyways, please. By all means purchase this game and try it out. If the problems are far too much, so on and so forth. You can always try to refund the game.If you feel like such downsides are too steep, I suggest you purchase it by next year. This game ran incredibly smooth, so I know hardware isn't an issue like previously posted.This ride isn't a smooth one, infact. Far from it. This is one of the only reviews I've posted that were completely serious on a game. I've barely even played over an hour, but you can see promise in a game. I know for a fact this one still has promise. The negative reviews, and the positive reviews. All of them are right. It's just a preference of games. I semi-enjoyed my experience in it so far, but I really can't stand the bugs I've encountered for very long. Please, don't let that subtract from your experience. If you play the game for about twenty minutes, you'll understand why."
76561198029566774,Recommended,559340,29753433,Posted: 6 February,all,bUzz,Asolutely great western enviroment and ambience. Love what the developers have done so far. BUY this game you wont be sorry. I feel like Clint Eastwood in a spaghetti western.
,Not Recommended,559340,33489172,Posted: 12 July,all,x4ceofSpades♠,"Great game concept, awful delivery. This game has been out for over 6 months and there are some first patch priority glitches that are plaguing this game to the point that its almost unplayable. Example: respawning under the map EVERY SINGLE TIME YOU DIE. Also due to almost no player population, the game is super empty and only 2 NPCs you encounter will actually help you; everything else will try to kill you on sight. As much as i want to support this game, I had to insist on a refund. this is simply unplayable at this time and shouldn't really be out for early access unless free to play until a true release. :("
,Recommended,559340,27975425,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,pmp | Merl,"Great game for being in 0.1 Alpha!It has alot of potential and its worth a shot, Its there first-day release, give it a chance atleast.Worth a shot IMO :)"
,Recommended,559340,34261986,Posted: 15 August,all,garrfish1945,"I know it's early access but the developer really shows his love for the game. I hope he keeps adding content and updates.As I type this I received a note from the developer stating that more updates, bug fixes, and horses will be addes soon..."
76561197994197935,Recommended,559340,34123320,Posted: 9 August,all,Avatar,"I am giving a positive review, because this game could become a western open-world dream coming true. There is nothing comparable on the market right now, so I will support this project, hoping the developer will finish his vision, while considering his/her customer's ideas and also respecting their criticism.Keep on the good work!"
76561198002992757,Recommended,559340,32481886,Posted: 16 June,all,Sawis,Very early stage so you may want to wait until further development. I have mixed feelings about these devs who release a game so early there isn't much to do. For this reason there is no one playing and it gives you the feeling the game sucks. It doesn't. It's buggy of course and laggy. Potential is a word which shouldn't be used but I use it anyway. Graphics are nice and a western atmosphere is there.If there were other players this would be a fun multiplayer game. AI is too barebones.
76561198014588255,Recommended,559340,31891500,Posted: 21 May,all,Paps,"Let me start with the potential great game this can be if the makers speeds things up but first make it stable. And thats the thing atm. A lot of players crashes and also the server can be crashed easily (I reported this already). Hoping the makers will fix this because if grievers find out the servers will be down all the time. Atm you need a lot off patience to play this game, I had countless crashes since yesterday. Altough limited options and a lot of patience I really like the idea, first of it s kind as far as I know."
,Recommended,559340,33997861,Posted: 3 August,all,Nasty Butler,"spawn as a gun slingerrun in the desert until I find a union fort""FOR  THE CONFEDERACY!""kill union soldiersgame actually puts me in the confederate factiongrandpappy was right the war isnt overrun for 10 miles into open desertpack of wolves jump me""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥""run for another 10 miles with wolves chasing merun into confederate fortconfederate bros help me kill wolf packaccidentally kill confederate bro while shooting wolvesmy bros turn on merun away from former bros as they try and gun me downnow union and confederate soliders shoot me on sight10/10 would wild west again"
,Recommended,559340,31953188,Posted: 25 May,all,Rising Force,"WTFFrankly, I'm surprised at the vast majority of the negative reviews...***If you're one of those people who do not want to be a part of frequent bugs, crashes, glitchiness, etc. stay away from ALL Early Access titles!***Early AccessFor those ignorant of what Early Access is actually meant for, it's for games still early in their development, that want to allow players in to playtest (that's play & test) their game, from the very buggy and rock beginnings, to the time it comes out of the Early Access stage.Most of us have been burned by at least one development studio, but hey, it's a very small investment, whether it's ninety-nine cents, or the AAA price of around sixty bucks (USD) or so. All you're paying for, with ANY game, is entertainment.So, before anyone gets all super cereal on me, remember, it's all about enjoyment.According to Webster's:Definition of game1a (1) :  activity engaged in for diversion or amusementSee? No reason to get all cereal ...By the WayThe team working on Sunset Rangers interact with the community, care about their game, and really, truly, seem to  want to make it an enjoyable experience when all is said and done.For anyone familiar with creating a piece of software, or playing some integral role in the SDLC of a piece of software, it can be a long, bumpy road, especially for a project such as an MMO.A Very Important NoteSunset Rangers is in its early Alpha stage. This is NOT the same as some Early Access titles, because some titles are technically already into their Beta stage of development before they open their game to the general public for purchase and wide-scale testing. This ""working Beta"", so-to-speak, is a more stable experience than you will generally find in a true early Alpha stage project.With all of this in mind, I'm having a great time!  Are there bugs, crashes, glitches, and such? Yep! And I'm actually having fun discovering some of them myself!Now, we all know not everyone enjoys the same things. It's also true that those who do enjoy the same 'things' don't always enjoy them in the same 'way'.What I'm saying here, is that people know what they like. If you don't like the idea of a true early Alpha stage playtesting experience, then don't playtest. However, do you like the concept of the game, as it's put forth? If so, don't be shy, go ahead and purchase the game; play it later, when it's more stable - when you know you will enjoy it yourself.Maybe you enjoy playtesting and discovering bugs and exploits and such. Great! Sunset Rangers is truly worth your time and effort doing so.Ask Yourself These Questions- Do you enjoy true early Alpha stage game projects, as described above?No? Do you like the concept of the game as it's put forth?Yes? Then support this wonderful indie studio, go ahead and grab the game, and check-in now and again to see  what's new!- Have you been waiting for a great, Western-themed MMO to play, or are you intrigued by such an experience?No? Okay thenYes? Then go ahead and grab the game!- Do you enjoy playtesting games truly early in their development lifecycle; finding and being the first to report those nasty bugs, glitches, broken things of various flavors and description?No? Oh, well ...Yes? Then support this wonderful indie studio, go ahead and grab the game, and come playtest with us!About the GameSunset Rangers, at its core gameplay, is headed in a very positive direction. Not only that, the atmosphere is great! It really has the feel of being out in the Old West, roaming the barren wasteland, fending off bandits; running across the occasional ghost town - or is it?Sunset Rangers has all you would expect in terms of mechanics of gameplay: crafting, PvE, objectives, group objectives, PvP, etc.You just never know for sure what exactly you'll get from any mob, or craft for that matter, thanks to the randomizer algorithms! This helps to keep these a bit more fresh, and can help build anticipation a bit more!In Sunset Rangers, you can build positive, or negative, karma - however you choose! Want to be a badass outlaw that no one wants to run into out in the wasteland, or in town, for that matter?! You can do it! No? Oh, so you want to be a badass enforcer of good, that puts the outlaw's face in the dirt - and their corpse six feet under? You can do that too! Wait, you want to craft and PvE? Seriously? Well, you're in luck! Yes, you can do that too!!Sunset Rangers is aiming at a simple, yet complete MMO experience. You know those small teams that really, truly care about their game? This is one of them.Folks, at the end of the day, you just gotta ask yourself one thing: ""Am I, at all, interested in a game like this?"" If that answer is yes, you know what to do.One of us! One of us! One *BOOM*"
76561198133959461,Recommended,559340,31350568,Posted: 24 April,all,inflatedsnail1,online co-op awsome. just waiting for base building .keep up the good work devs.
76561198151870259,Recommended,559340,34670180,Posted: 1 September,all,AmericanWarrior,"Well, I have been playing sunset rangers for just over an hour and let me tell you. This game is as if Red Dead Redemption had a child with an obscure early-2000s rpg and what they created was a downs syndrome child with behavoral issues as this game crashes pretty frequently. Although, this game certainly has the potential to be great and probably the only western based genre rpg ever. Get this game while it's cheap and updating frequently as I suspect people will stumble upon it the same way I did."
,Recommended,559340,33149448,Posted: 2 July,all,Hominghead,"Get the game, there are alot of great things to come.Since this is not on 9heads' studios anymore, but a single Dev who cares alot for the game, i expect this to become something great.The developement so far was already amazing, huge improvements in performance and overall Look and Feel of the game, there is already a decent ammount of things to do, so it is looking very good so far. And the Dev is actively listening to community feedback!"
,Recommended,559340,28576371,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Acid Rain,"Let me say first that with the idea of this game being a Wild West Open World Survival game this is a great idea for me personally. The game itself is of course EARLY Alpha about so of course there will be a bunch of bugs. BUT If you are like me who use to back many kickstarter games that have great promise Sunset Rangers is one of those games.Surpassing the obvious Bugs, Stutters, and Optimization issues in Early builds it's still a fun game to play though it would be more enjoyable if more people played. NPC's are in the game so there can be Shoot Outs an possible better Equipment you can obtain after killing them as well as finding some Merchants to get Equipment.Here is a Video of the recording I had done for Sunset Rangers an my experience with it. I will preface that I am getting a friend of mine this game for christmas since we both agree it is a game that we can make better as it grows....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMOrcNiu5ts"
,Not Recommended,559340,31792297,Posted: 16 May,all,Beach Head,"This is the worst early access game I've ever seen. I have a top of the line gaming PC with a GTX 1070, i7-6770k and 16GB of ram. I run this game on it's highest settings and everything still looks awful.The NPC's rubber band all over the place. I try to talk to random NPC's. Sometimes their mouths move but no sound comes out. The quests are ridiculous. I walked 2000 meters across the desert to find a safe. It says ""Shoot the safe to open it""... I had 36 bullets left and my reload stopped working. No one is playing this game. It's poorly optimized. This game has no business being sold on steam for $14.99. It shouldn't be a penny more than $4.99 and that might be too much.I decided to give this game another chance after seeing the basebuilding updates. I will not be coming back this time.To the person who developed this game...  you are the reason early access on steam is being restricted for the future. Get your game to a playable level before you ask people to buy it."
,Not Recommended,559340,31674112,Posted: 10 May,all,Leader of the Shits Given,"Way way too early on. Give it time, it might get better, but right now its not much of a game."
76561198048878054,Not Recommended,559340,31798311,Posted: 16 May,all,Juice,"Launch gameAsks me to make accountK, made oneLog inPick a classNo clue what I'm doingIt's nightCan't see ANYTHINGHear growlingDeadRespawnPress buttons until I find inventoryStill no clue what I'm doingRun until I see lightsOh boy, a townI can buy some suppliesRun into townGET 'IMI'm getting shotDiedI legit tried, but I don't see a reason to play this game. There's nothing to do, the tutorial is pitiful (Hey, you're gonna die if you don't fix this - Meanwhile I have no clue HOW to fix this - I.E. Overheating, dehydration, starvation, etc.), and above all, I don't think there's ANY friendly AI, so half the classes you can pick are worthless. I chose Miner, thinking I could make my own guns and have the tools to make other stuff too. But do I need a smelter? Do I find iron among rocks? What is the pack used for that I spawned in with?This is a great example of a terrible EA title Steam should've squashed instead of letting them rip folks off. I don't see any reason for a positive review, and reading through most of them I noticed they all use the word ""Potential"". WarZ had potential too, and look at where it wound up. 1/10 unplayable. Wish there was a stronger way to recommend against buying this game.*Edit* After a few months, decided to try again. Figured I'd stream some gameplay, however they still haven't fixed the issues I'd faced. When I closed game to apply graphics settings, was unable to log in because I'm evidently still logged in from another location.Fix your damn game."
,Not Recommended,559340,28170460,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TheyCallMeConor,"very very low population, badly optimized and poor performace game, i hate dropping bad reviews but this game wasnt ready for alpha release, i got a refund, hopefully with a few patches it might be good, interesting concept, i still have hope"
,Not Recommended,559340,29557448,Posted: 28 January,all,Povl the Bald,"PLEASE HELP! I logged in and there are random objects stuck to my character and they completely block my view. Trees, bushes, chairs and what looks like floorboards are all somehow attached to my body. I have tried to log in multiple times with different characters and keep getting the same issue. The last few times it was actually causng me to lose HP for no reason. I would really love for this game to work right. I know it's in alpha and understand there are issues with early access. Please help me figure this out so I can actually play the game."
,Not Recommended,559340,28150690,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Porta1987,"Ok this cant be a detailed review because i didnt play it for long enough but for me it lagged like crazy and the funny thing is i have 2 GTX 980TI's running and 70% of the time i had FPS lagg.I must say tho this will be fixed and the game has so much potential as long as the devs are willing to put hard work into it. From what i saw graphics where ok but i bumped into some npc,s and they took so many head shots to die and no♥♥♥♥♥♥about 10 its to much make it 2 or 1 headshot not 10 its madness at least have a little realism to it. Make it so head 1 to 2 buillets but the body and legs take a long time to kill them shooting in those areas.I have refunded the game for now unil the issues are fixed i will deffo be buying again in a few months and see how its coming on and make my mind up from there about this game. From the look of there other game i think they will pull this off. Just a little advice as well devs if you read this review please make sure you stay in touch with your community and listen to them as i want this game to be good but some devs ruin these survival games being stubborn and not listening to the people who are playing it.Be warned at the moment it is super early there is a lot of work to be done but as i said earlier it has so much potntial the concept is a very good idea its just pulling it off now.Good Luck!"
76561198149243312,Not Recommended,559340,29369696,Posted: 19 January,all,dicktracy1920s,The controls in this game are so bad and the dellay time on everything. I rather be water boarded then have to play this. also the  de syne is really bad. The bad guys are way over powered to the♥♥♥♥♥♥gun they give you. Also there's no aiming in this game what so ever. Even with a good gun it's all over the place. like if you had parkinson's disease and trying to aim a gun. It's just luck if you kill someone. 98% your going to be dead. And the cost of items in the game are way to much. I like what there trying to do but dam is it bad.
76561198023404474,Not Recommended,559340,28093908,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,NightCrawler,"Already asked for a refund. Upon buying started off with having to register and account, no problem with most games.Not this one...went to log in, wrong username and password. What! Just made it and wrote it all down, so tried again same thing.So reset the pw, and got in using my email addy. Then played for a few and thought better log out and in again make sure things are working.Nope, same damn problem and just reset everything back to the way I wanted it.Well enough is enough if you can't even get your account system working like it should I don't need your game. Bye."
76561197960693510,Not Recommended,559340,27949112,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zap,"1. Permanently falling through the map (u can only fix that with reconnecting)2. Only 1 Brazil Server which is laggy as f*** - unplayable3. You can't Host a Server by Yourself.4. I Freaking cant believe they want money for that, its impossible to play right now.Wait a few weeks/months if you want to try this game."
,Not Recommended,559340,28006317,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RODE_85,"Completely unplayable! It takes forever to load onto server and when I do the fps is terrible then goes to 50-60 fps, but when I try to move an inch the game freezes. I'm unable to play even on the lowest graphics settings. FAILURE!!! PC Specs: Intel Core i7 3.4Ghz, 16GB Ram, GTX 980 3.4Ghz and SSD"
,Not Recommended,559340,27939762,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FilthyFetusFace,"Im the only one to play this game, so that makes me king of these reviews. Its ONE server is unplayably laggy, and it is not worth $15. Wait for a sale. The Developers may bribe me at any time. Thank you.Edit: There has since been an update that I have not tried, So the game might be playable. Idk though, I havent tried cause i returned the game."
76561198324579115,Not Recommended,559340,28205306,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Solo Hunter,"crap for the moment, not worth a try."
76561198043351324,Not Recommended,559340,27941835,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zoid,"garbage, I can not even udnerstand how can steam allow this to be released even for 15 Euro"
