user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,559610,29553723,Posted: 28 January,all,Dr. Hentai,"Dr. Hentai checking steam for visual novels that have a 18+ patch.Sees this new release with devs that provide free 18+ patch,Sees its Yuri and Incest.Doctor is very pleased indeed."
,Recommended,559610,29534761,Posted: 27 January,all,Cinni-chan,Devs include a free +18 Patch
,Recommended,559610,29640217,Posted: 1 February,all,MajorMoo,I was originally a fan of yuriNow I'm a fan of yuri and incestand yuri incestalso I might be gay now
,Recommended,559610,29577504,Posted: 29 January,all,Burn,"If you are here for a good story, you won't regret it.If you are here for some lewd action, oh boy, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,559610,32857160,Posted: 27 June,all,VisibleDucts,"I'll be honest, the reason I purchased Love Ribbon wasn't because I was expecting a well written story and characters (not that I'm without complaints on these two things) but rather for perhaps the more obvious reason - sister incest.However, my perversions aside, I was pleasantly suprised by the engaging story that takes itself seriously and deals with the reprecussions of an incestuous relationship - both societally and mentally. And unless you go out of your way to patch the game, adding explicit content, the focus is way more on the inner struggles of the sisters and how they deal with their love for each other than it is on sex (Disclaimer: I haven't played without the patch. But I'm assuming that the two really explicit sex scenes are not in the unpatched version.)I also found myself attached to the characters. They're given attributes that make them feel more human, which in turn makes them relatable (in the sense that they have flaws, etc. Not saying everyone is going to relate to incest...). And as the story progesses, so to do the characters progress - change or become more open, etc.However, although I do praise the writing and characters, they both suffer from a flaw that usually keeps me away from a lot of visual novels - they're anime characters. That is to say, the main girl is your typical awkward, shy, quiet, studious, anime girl. A cliche. Now, they took the anime cliches and built on them, but they're still there and it still impacts the overall writing. This could just be my bias. But I'm bored of anime character cliches and I'm definitely tired of visual novels relying heavily on them.But with that said, I still really enjoyed Love Ribbon. This is an odd recommendation. Because I definitely recommend it, but the subject matter - incest - is rather taboo and could put people off easily. But if you're not completely disgusted just thinking about it, then even if you disagree with some of the points the game makes, you could still enjoy it overall.Now, if you see ""Forbidden sister love"" and think ""ohhh interesting."" Then I hold no reservations in my recommendations and you should buy it."
,Recommended,559610,29622044,Posted: 31 January,all,backlight_,great co op game for your family
76561198048242264,Recommended,559610,30842933,Posted: 30 March,all,nenake,this game turned me into a lesbian10/10
,Recommended,559610,29568073,Posted: 29 January,all,ANG3LIC,First lets give props to the DEV'S for giving us a FREE +18 Patch.This will be a short review as im furiously masterbatingPROS:* BEAUTIFUL music* Great art work* Good story with decent characters* CheapCONS:* Fairly short* Only 1 choice affects the endingOverall if you like VN's and like the yuri/incest then you will like this.Incest is Wincest
,Recommended,559610,30165141,Posted: 25 February,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Razz’s art style just keeps getting better and better, it’s absolutely amazing on this visual novel! About the story, I was expecting something cliché, and I got something different.You expect the “they CAN be sisters, but in the end they’re not so it’s A-okay to date since they’re not blood related”… Well, theyareblood related. I was surprised by that fact, and specially by their dad’s reaction; no soap opera drama here like “NO, THIS CAN’T BE HAPPENING!”. Their dad actually wants to protect Iris, and does what he thinks it’s correct in order to help his daughter. Some people might say that kind of behavior isn’t “real”, that anyone would get angry. Well, some parents really would do ANYTHING to protect their child, despite what they’ve done. It was nice to see a different reaction here, and all those factors actually made me feel bad about Zoey and Iris…It all starts pretty cute, then you’re dragged by your a*ss to the depths of sadness. Also, the animation is not great, but it surely gives a certain charm to this VN.8/10, would cry over sad lesbians again."
76561198003381569,Recommended,559610,29532340,Posted: 27 January,all,valefor_sdad,I have only been playing this for a bit but TWO THINGS....The Developer has provided a FREE Director Cut for the Tasteful Hentai Yuri action the Steam version was missing.The ART and MUSIC of this game is a solid 8.5.I got this on Sale but I would recommend it off-sale as well.Yuri is LIFE :)
,Recommended,559610,30020980,Posted: 18 February,all,Skatrzoo,"Expected some casual yuri hentai (which I got, mind you - thanks to the 18+ patch - and it was pretty detailed), but I sure as hell wasn't expecting to actually get ""the feels"" from this game. Surprisingly good writing in regards to a taboo topic which made me go through a rollercoaster of emotions. Do take note that depending on your reading speed, it is a bit on the short side (Took me less than 4 hours to get both endings, though in all fairness I did savescum the ""bad end"" as it was rather obvious it was coming up) - so keep that in mind if you believe it's too expensive at the moment. Other than that, a damn fine work and I expect more great things from Razzart in the future."
,Recommended,559610,33801745,Posted: 25 July,all,Ultradespairgirl,"This game is probablynotfor you if:1. You are uncomfortable with incest themes.The game revolves around two lesbian sisters and their hardships in trying to make their love work out. If you are uncomfortable in reading about incestuous relationships, then this is not the game for you.2. You want a game with mostly sexual scenes and some romance on the side.This is not a primarily sexual game. The majority of the game deals with the main characters’ romance, which is very slow-paced and grows over time in a very realistic and understandable manner. There are onlytwosex scenes; to get them, you must download the adult patch. The said scenes, however, are very nicely drawn.This game probablyisfor you if:1. You want a long 8+ hour game.I did not play the game on auto-mode because, since there is no voice-acting, it would be very irritating to wait for the text to change after having already read it or having not finished reading it. It took me about eight hours to finish the game, but depending on your reading speed it may be shorter or longer for you.2. You want a visual novel with choices based on one couple.There is only one couple in this game; there are no character routes to choose from or a self-insert. However, therearechoices. Most of them do not change much except for some events, but there are a few that do change the course of the story drastically. There are different endings,a good and a bad one, that can be attained by making a different choice.3. You want an art style that is not too cutesy and not too mature.The art in this game is not overwhelmingly cutesy and lolita-type, nor is it mature. It is a beautiful art style that shows skill. There are aboutseventeenCGs (special full-screen images) in the game, and aboutseven or eightmore if you had added the adult patch. You can tell a lot of effort was put into this game from how much beautiful content and art it has!4. You want a game with an intricate, complex storyline.As mentioned before, the romance between the two main characters grows at a very reasonable pace. Through experience and events, they gradually fall in love over time. The story is very realistic, as are the conflicts and hardships they face in their relationship. It is capable of moving one emotionally. It is a beautifully written story with lots of extra effort put into it!Other PointsThe menu is beautifully aesthetic and easy to use. There are options to change the volume of the sound and music, as well as options to skip the text in the story, play on auto-mode, and more. You can press the key “h” to hide the window.There is no voice-acting in the game at all, only text and dialogue to read from with music and images. However, the soundtrack is very nicely put together and fits the game from scene to scene.OpinionsMost of everything under this subtitle is pure spoilers to the story and is not objective.I absolutely love the cover image! The art in general is so stunning and beautiful to look at; I could stare at it for hours! I have to say that out of any art I’ve seen before, the art in this game is definitely and without a doubt my favorite. The kiss scenes, the sex scenes, the hugging scenes – they’re all drawn so nicely!I especially think that Zoey is absolutely stunning, breath-taking, and drop-dead beautiful. Honestly, I couldn’t stop staring at her while playing the game, haha.I did not expect such a beautifully written story when I purchased the game, not to mention a very long one at that.I only found one thing silly in the game -how you get the bad end just because you miss one of Zoey’s concerts to take an extremely important test for college that you only have one chance to take. Of course, though, I wouldn’t have missed Zoey’s concert for the world! At that point in the game, I was completely and utterly in love with Zoey and Iris’s love! Haha!While it’s true that the story is serious at times, it also has some humor and lightness to it. It made me laugh whenZoey taught Iris how to chop potatoes, and Iris said “Alright, aaand… done! Phew, that was hard work.” and Zoey, in response, said “… You peeled a grand total of one potato.”I’ve only played two other lesbian games, and those were extremely fast-paced in the romance department. In this game, however, it was nothing like that.They got to know each other and slowly fell in love. There were a lot of teaser scenes where I thought they were going to kiss but didn't; in each and every one of those scenes, I was chanting “Kiss!”Nevertheless, I am very grateful that the romance develops as it does. It seemed so realistic and cute!All of the build-up of suspense melted away when Zoey finally kissed Iris on the table!I especially love the scene whereZoey takes out Iris on a date and says, “The truth is, when I got to the apartment, I was so nervous thinking about our date. Then I watched you from behind a tree for five minutes before I could muster the courage to come over...” and Iris replied with “I just want to spend time with you. You don’t have to wear anything new just to come see me… I like you just the way you are.”Then when they realized that they were in fact sisters and Zoey ran out on Iris, and Iris ran outside after her and dropped to her knees, crying in the pouring rain “Was it… really so wrong…?” I cried. I also cried when Iris hugged Zoey’s pillow, taking in her scent and her missing figure and crying, “It’s just not the same… Living here isn’t the same without you, Zoey.”The game is more than capable of moving you emotionally, as it really did emotionally wreck me in those solemn scenes. They were so beautifully written; I am planning on drawing them!When they reunited after that and kissed next to the bar, I was all but yelling “Yes!” I wanted nothing more than for them to be happy.I love the scene when they reunite after years and they walk off together, with the CG of them holding hands and saying “Together, then”. I was all but snorting when Zoey and Iris were switching clothes; it was super adorable to see.I cried again when Iris called her father and told him about her relationship with Zoey, and how she started apologizing and sobbing hysterically – it truly moved me emotionally.The final CG is so adorable and my favorite! It made me laugh when Zoey was trying to take a selfie of her and Iris and Iris said “Alright, say “Yay camping!” and Zoey replied with “…At a resort hotel.”The icing on the cake was when Zoey sent the picture of them hugging to their father, and it slowly zoomed out on the picture and showed the said picture framed on their father’s wall in the mansion - perfect ending!I love the game so much, it was so good and I love the art so much! ThefinalCG is currently my wallpaper, even!ConclusionThis game is truly a masterpiece, true to the word. Amazing art, story, romance, soundtrack - amazing game!It is definitely not worth only $10, I would pay $40 for this perfect game! I recommend it to anybody who enjoys lesbian romances and wants to read a cute, romantic, beautifully written and drawn story where love knows no bounds.I will definitely never ever forget this perfect game! I amsohappy that I happened to find it and purchase it!I give this game five stars out of five."
,Recommended,559610,29577265,Posted: 29 January,all,TeamKnights,"The telling tale of love, hardships, and determination, very lovely and moving"
,Recommended,559610,29524207,Posted: 27 January,all,Allied☆,"This game is made by the same person as Starlight Vega, and is a welcome return by them to pure yuri, so it's gotta be awesome. I've been waiting for it for months, ever since it was teased on their website following Vega's release. I'll update this review when I've finished the plot, though I don't think my commentary will be particularly lucid. Probably the only thing I'll manage to convey will be how incredibly (edit: bisexual) I am.Edit #1: ""Are you going to be eating out all the time?"" ""You don't know what that means, do you?"" ""Huh?"" ""Well, eating out can mean-"" 10/10 perfect sisterly conversation.Edit #2: ""Do you have a boyfriend Zoey, I have this friend, he keeps asking?"" ""...No..."" ""Can I give them your number then?"" ""Tell him I killed my last boyfriend with an icepick."" 10/10 perfect response."
,Recommended,559610,29719413,Posted: 5 February,all,Sparkling Grapefruit ~,the story made me cry multiple times and the plot ruined my fap mood cause i was too into what would happen next11/10 VN tbh
76561198251831134,Recommended,559610,29641607,Posted: 1 February,all,Tama-chan,"Cute and Fluffy... A must-have yuri+incest visual novel for every yuri fans out there, if you don't mind the incest. Recommended 10/10, no exaggeration."
,Recommended,559610,29595509,Posted: 30 January,all,Ragun,"Best played with friends.No seriously, it is.Anyway an overview;Music Score is DecentAnimation is DecentStory is GoodNo characters outside of Main Two Girls (Abit dissapointing)Decent Build-Up and TwistsNot enough actual scenes (same scenes for different parts of the story which detracts from the overall immersion and interaction). Why are we seeing the same bar segment over and over again when it doesn't corelate to the story?SPOILER POINT:The lude scenes are not a major part of this story. While we do get 2 sex scenes (One after the credits), and a few sexual scenes (Based upon text and semi-lude images) i can safetly say it focuses more upon the interaction between both Sisters rather than that of pointless imagery. This is a positive point, as despite one particular scene in school (which detracts from the immersion but is pretty good in its own way) it benefits both characters and their bonding throughout said Visual Novel.SPOILER ENDED:Overall an 8/10.Worth the £6 asking price (at present).Work could be done to improve it but i enjoyed the time i spent with it.On that note we NEED a PART 2!"
76561198104535615,Recommended,559610,29584541,Posted: 30 January,all,King Tai 3,"I literally bought the game 5 hours ago and finished it now. For a VN, the price was so worth it. TBH, i first came for the nude scenes with the patch, but the story really grabs you by the balls. Cried a few times. I first got the good ending and this ending was just completely worth  my decisions in the game. If the dev(s) make another one with a good story, I will 100% buy and support."
,Recommended,559610,34730610,Posted: 4 September,all,Nintenmastr,As always visual novels make it easy to play with only one hand. . . . . to wipe the tears out of your eyes to keep reading.
,Recommended,559610,29559159,Posted: 29 January,all,Guardian Mamoru,"*WARNING* There may be some minor spoilers ahead, but I shall do my best to avoid anything that really gives any of the story awayWell, this has been my second full-on yuri visual novel that I've purchased on Steam, and I've gotta say, while it may be shorter than Kindred Spirits, and be more expensive proportional to the time it took to go through it, it's right up there in the same league with it.It'd be dishonest of me if I didn't admit that the plot revolving around a blossoming love between two long-lost sisters was a huge selling point for me, and one of the primary things that piqued my interest over some of the other yuri VN's floating around on Steam. I initially was quite concerned that it would be handled less as an actual plot device, more as something thrown in just to entice people to buy it, only to be treated as something that wasn't out of the ordinary within the story itself. It's safe to say that I was pleasently surprised, and that was not the case whatsoever. Every character, even Iris and Zoey, bring up how unusual such an arrangement is, and the stigma and taboo associated with it are a major component of the plot, driving much of the story forward after about a quarter of the way in. It seemed like a very realistic portrayal of how this sort of relationship would be taken in reality, and I have to say that I absolutely adored that facet of this VN.The CG were all top notch, both the normal character ones seen in most dialogue, the ones in the romantic scenes, and, if you decide to get the 18+ patch, which is linked on the main menu of the game, the hentai cg as well. The art style is utterly beautiful, and velvety smooth. The only gripe I have is that some of them did seem a tad bit washed out at times, but that's likely part of the intent, so it's more of a very minor personal issue than it is something legitimately flawed with the VN.Much like in my review of the previously mentioned Kindred Spirits, I must give a warning to people buying this for certain reasons. While this game is clearly written, at least in part, for people who have a more... carnal love for yuri (especially yuri involving sisters), it is not written purely for that, and you may be disappointed to find it not quite the fap material you may have been looking for. While it does have some quite explicit language, it is mixed quite well with some realistically emotional dialogue, and I'd say it leans quite a bit more towards being adorably sweet and emotional than it does towards being lewd. For me this is not a gripe at all, as I do prefer the emotional to the lewd, but I know that some of you who are interested might lean the opposite way.Regardless, I would certainly recommend that anyone who adores a good love story, and doesn't mind a touch of fictional incest, give this adorable story a try. It may not be the longest VN out there, but it's got heart, it's got character, and it handles the topics it deals with great care.I give this VN 8 out of 10 burnt oven mitts."
,Recommended,559610,29793813,Posted: 8 February,all,ch4t,"I was expecting the generic sort of fair when I bought this VN. Something to laugh at, to cringe at the dialogue, and lament the future of the human race.I found something completely different.With surprisingly good dialogue and a story mature in its execution and yet humorous at the perfect times, this is something else. If we aren't kidding ourselves, VNs are just fapfiction. Love Ribbon is no different in this regard; it is, however, also something more. It's not just fapfiction, it's an entire taboo romance, captured in a surprisingly realistic fashion, with twists and turns befitting a novel, even if those twists were a bit predictable at times. This quite possibly is one of the best stories in a VN I've ever seen, and being an oxygen-thieving burden to the human race, I've seen quite a few. Godspeed Razz, and if more of your stuff is like this, more of my money will be yours."
76561198349315735,Recommended,559610,30917677,Posted: 3 April,all,WaifuHunter,"let me start by saying ill be laughing when someone buys my internet history, because ill get more games like this recommended to me.the game doesnt get very lewd until late ish but trust me its good lewding, the detail is insane i wish i could explain it but my review would likely be taken down....this games not all about seeing some lewdness it actually has an amzing story... im being serious, i nearly cried a bit if you want an easy answer, then yes buy this game its a great purchase and youll probably be disowned again even after the first time...so all in all 10/10 id highly recommend it even to a family member would not recommend to a sister though an less your into that..."
,Recommended,559610,29684090,Posted: 3 February,all,MapleMiharu,"Love Ribbon ties the story of two sisters beginning life on their own. Scholar entrée Iris first meets Zoey during her arrival at Lillium High School. She is immediately awestruck by Zoey’s cool demeanor and quickly questions some mysterious force drawing her to this complete stranger. The prospect of living on her own settles in as Zoey walks off and the unfamiliar environment becomes obvious. This fear, however, is quickly overridden by the news that she is to have a roommate accompany her: Zoey. Oh, and from the words of her dad, they’re both sisters.Iris already has to deal with the pressure that comes with her scholar status, but the insatiable thirst to pinpoint the inexplicable attraction she is having for Zoey adds another layer of internal conflict. The initial banters between the two are filled with subtle humor as their personalities clash. Zoey, being more introverted, makes it harder for the already awkward Iris to just crack the ice. It’s a simple premise that may lead one to believe that a romantic comedy is in the works, however, the ensuing events following Zoey’s failure to return home in a timely manner diverges the plot into something more heartfelt and mature.It was at this point that I began to like Love Ribbon. It would have been okay had it stayed the course of a one-sided attraction littered with occasionally smirk-inducing dialogue, but the conflicts that arose from this shift in plot was what gave me my money’s worth. I completed the game in just over three hours, one ending shy of perfect completion. There are choices to be made, but don’t expect yourself to get lost in their complexities; still, having choices alone is a welcome sight for this genre. Also, certain choices grant hilariously named achievements that do little to provide proper context as to how they were attained which I found rather clever.The in-game art style has a painterly feel that complements the font used for text boxes. It’s a nice touch, one that contributes to the heartwarming atmosphere. As far as image variety goes, there are surprisingly many for a game this short. The downloadable image patch also extends this collection of cute and sometimes naughty images. Background music could have used more diversity as the same piano chords often became ambiance instead of emotional steering wheels even during the most pivotal of scenes.For those unsure about the themes of the game from the description, yes, there are sensitive material here. However, I do think that they were written with a level of sincere comprehension that allows the touchy subject of sisterly love to become a believable and organic experience for its readers. In other words, it is fairly tamed with depth often unseen in stories similar to Love Ribbon—especially at this price range.Many will overlook this game, but there truly is an engaging tale of self-discovery present amidst the two protagonist and the simple setup comprising the first half hour of Love Ribbon. It describes consequences during a tumultuous period: adolescence. I liked my time with Love Ribbon and would honestly love to see more of Iris and Zoey in a sequel. The game does end with enough leeway for a potential follow-up—so who knows."
76561198039619705,Recommended,559610,34496794,Posted: 25 August,all,AngelofNoMercyX,"So I picked up this game because I LOVE LOVE LOVE Starlight Vega and this is by the same dev.  At first I was disappointed because I don't think this is as good as Starlight Vega.  There are only 10 choices to make (12 with 18+ content) and only one actually impacts the story and sends you to the good or bad ending.  However, I love the main characters and the story.  There are so many sweet moments between the two girls. A few that come to mind are: park bench, beer, horror movie, and cooking. The framed photo at the end is a lovely ending.  One thing I found interesting is that the devs gave themselves a way out of the taboo and chose not to take it.  Recommended if you can handle the taboo subject matter."
,Recommended,559610,29908015,Posted: 13 February,all,Mark Zima,1. Don't play without the 18+ patch.2. Go to the concert first (good ending).
,Recommended,559610,33066914,Posted: 30 June,all,Negan,Les-be-onest these two were down for each other from the get go!
,Recommended,559610,32034707,Posted: 28 May,all,Fox Princess,"If you want your heart wrapped in a blanket, given hot cocoa, then ripped out and stomped on, then patched and given cocoa again, this is the vn for you. Felt very, very attached to the characters, writing was pretty damn good."
,Recommended,559610,30437088,Posted: 10 March,all,BlackStarLine,Honestly one of the best written yuri VNs i've ever had the pleasure of reading. Touches on a very interesting subject whihc is extremely well written and the artwork is top notch as well.If you're a fan of yuri Vns I whole heartily recommend picking this up. I would also say pick up the 18+ patch to see the VN in all its glory.
,Recommended,559610,29864174,Posted: 11 February,all,Ibubbas,"Most VN's I play for the art, and goofy/fun story. Boy did this VN hit me like a ton of bricks, and I could not stop playing it. The story really makes you feel the up's, and downs of the charachter's. I really felt that i have just read a really good book, or watched a really good movie.  10/10 thumbs up for the story.The art is really good, even though some of the art is reused through the story.  Overall I would still give this art a 9/10.Yes! I downloaded the +18 patch because:1. I am a guy2. I am an adult3. I think all of the artist's talent/story should be seen. That being said I don’t think much is lost if you decide not to download the patch. It's like a passion scene in a movie, it helps to visually show the character’s passion rather than explaining it, but really doesn’t 100% have to be there.I would say this is one of the best VN's on steam, and I would 100% recommend this to VN veterans, and newbies alike."
,Recommended,559610,29621509,Posted: 31 January,all,Death's Assassin,"This is a Beautiful game, well written, full of surprises, I’m not really big on girly games (yah sure) but this I fell in love with, heart touching.I recommend this to all my Friends get this, play it, it's fracking awsome, have something wonderful touch your life. :)"
,Recommended,559610,29956754,Posted: 15 February,all,Alex-A-Fool,"My first review ever so bear with me. This isn't a game whose sole purpose is to be fapfiction. There's a well told, interesting story behind it that concerns a very taboo subject.  Sure, it's two sisters lusting after each other but it's more romantic and intimate than that. Think of it as the difference between ♥♥♥♥ing and making love.I thought the dialogue was written very well. I was impressed with some of the vocabulary used and I actually had to look up a couple of the words. The only thing that slightly bothered me about it was a few typos. I think there was like 4 or 5 if I remember correctly, so it's a very minor issue. For example there would be And instead of An, nothing ground breaking. The story was compelling to say the least. I found myself experiencing the same emotions the characters were throughout and really wanting to know what happens next. The humor in the story was a welcomed addition. Music was pleasant and also fit very well. The art is gorgeous. I was looking at this game because of the art and when I read all the positive reviews, it erased any doubt if I should buy it or not. Regardless of all that, I have to emphasize that this is an amazing story. Yes, it's about a very taboo subject. Yes, I completely agree that incest is morally reprehensible. But it's a damn good story and damn good stories deserve to be told.I played the game with the R18 patch because to be completely honest, I enjoy reading erotica and seeing erotic content. I don't mind if you judge but I'm guessing you enjoy it too if you're contemplating getting this game or not. I recommend the patch but looking at the other reviews, it doesn't seem necessary to enjoy the game. Like I said however, there's a difference between ♥♥♥♥ing and making love. The scenes from the patch are well written and it helps to visualize the culmination of the physical, mental, and emotional attraction between the two characters.10/10 Would buy and play again. Kudos to Razz for creating such an amazing visual novel! Definitely have my money and support for any future products you release."
,Recommended,559610,31076978,Posted: 11 April,all,-Vanilla- AlanShooter,"Talking bout yuri incest damn oh damn this game is the BOMBMy rating after playing the game and getting both ending and the ""jackpot"" (if u download the 18+ patch) is a (9/10)The music , the art style is good , the 18+ patch had too much details it literally makes me want to be a lesbian (a male lesbian) First of all the plot is interesting as well but still there is some things that doesnt make sense.but its just my opinion tho so u need to play it urself. The romance in this story is cute it makes me feel ""aww"" and altho it is something taboo ; incest that is , it doesnt make me cringe at all. In fact it makes it even cuter (in a safe way i mean)So if ur into this yuri incest romance♥♥♥♥♥♥ and wanting some yuri 18+ action. this game is suitable for u perverts out there. Me? im making a research, totally not fapping at all. im serious. who faps to hentai WTF!"
76561198130271634,Recommended,559610,29534357,Posted: 27 January,all,Strife_Tenshi,"I just beated the game I'm left ""speechless""This is actually my first VN game and so this will be my first review.My impression of the plot is intersting, though the only other ""yuri"" content I have ever seen is Sakura Trick.  The character designs are dead beutiful and clean.  I do like the drawing for both Iris and Zoey.  Iris will attend a prestigous school were if she succeeds in acedemics, she will recieve a scholarship and proceed to a free-of-charge  for college(wish I could get that!).  Little does Iris know, her life will come to a sudden change, when she is told that her younger sister(who she never met) will join her in the same school and will be sharing the same apartment.  As you progress through the story,  different options are given to in different moments in the game.  This will factor in for the resulted end.  Sadly I did not get the ""Yuri"" end b/c I ***Spoiler***  choose to retake the f***in test instead of supporting my sister. For the most part you are put into Iris's perspective.  Some parts really had me tearing.  I did find a few errors in some text dialouges, but that didn't bother me since I was too invested into the plot.  The music is great, matches well in many of the scenes(ultra immersive and props for music direction).Overall a Great first impression of a VN.  Do recommend if your okay with sisterxsister relationsI may need to play with the 18+ next-time around.Edit-Finally got the True ending, and it took me another 4 hours.  You'll have to play ""Love Ribbon"" through and see the ending yourself.  Don't wanna sound like a weirdo(but already playing, twice)  I'm actually glad for the happy ending."
76561198056541449,Recommended,559610,32669890,Posted: 23 June,all,WildCat,"Oh, God, I cried.I cried.I cried.Can love really conquer all?  Oh I cried.  So beautiful.  I would give this 100 stars if i could. Set aside your differences. If only for a moment, set asside your beliefs about what people and society should or should not be.  Oh I cried. Beautiful."
,Recommended,559610,31246137,Posted: 19 April,all,Allison Kitz,"Note: I have not downloaded the hentai patch, but its there if you want.That being said...OH GOD THE FEELS! My first visual novel did not let me down...this girl cried HARD near the end, and if you like a good deal of emotion with your lewdness (Going to have to try that patch eventually) Then this one is a hit."
,Recommended,559610,29581828,Posted: 30 January,all,A Buffalo☭ | G.J Gardener Homes,"Do you like a good story?Do you like visual novels?Are you sick enough tolikelove yuri?Do you need all of the above, with developers who don't horse around and leave a link to the R-18 patch in the main menu with an obvious high-contrast button?All of the above for a whopping $10 deal.""gr8 m8. i r8 8/8""Hell farkin yeehaw"
,Recommended,559610,29586217,Posted: 30 January,all,Chimes,"This Visual Novel is exactly what you'd expect, which is a good thing. It's a high quality looking experience tackling a subject that people love to indulge in: Incest! There's no big plot twist, no ironic post-modern messages or anything. It's a story about two sisters who want to smash eachother and it unfolds exactly as you could imagine if you gave it 5 minutes of thought. Is that a bad thing? No.It's just the right length to explore the subject matter enough without leaving you wanting more, the entire experience is paced very well and to that merit it's priced appropriately too. There's a few silly references to other yuri / incest media such as Oreimo and a Frozen reference which made me giggle, the first half of the game has some surprisingly charming humor.The music isn't anything to write home about, however it's always thematically appropriate for the scene. The art is wonderful, although there's only two characters every shown on screen with dedicated art, they have a variety of expressions and the soft flat colouring looks great. The game has tons of backgrounds though, and they all look incredibly professional. The H scenes, assuming you patch them in, are surprisingly realistic.Each character in the game fills a specific stereotype and there isn't much development, you get your description of the character the first time they're introduced and then that's it besides the whole falling in love stuff nobody really changes, which is fine! I don't expect a grand narrative and character development in a 4 hour VN.As for writing it's pretty standard, the author is good at description and is clearly knowledgable on how your average anime girl talks, because that's exactly what the protagonist is. I only found one typo in the entire time I played the game, which will probably be patched out by the time you read this.All in all, a nice little feel good experience for your afternoon. A classic take on the Yuri ""genre"" presented with wonderful art and a neat twist in the whole taboo nature of incest. I just wish I had a father half as supportive as the one in this game, maybe then I wouldn't have turned into the kind of guy who writes reviews for incest hentai novels.7/10"
76561198012514261,Recommended,559610,29853050,Posted: 11 February,all,Seisho,Saw the gameresearchedfound a cracked versionfinished itstarted a crazy♥♥♥♥♥fanfic as continuationdecided to support the artist and bought the gamein that orderI fell in love with the characters and their interaction and while steam says .1 hours while I write this I already finished the game and saw both endings.
76561198025416072,Recommended,559610,29548510,Posted: 28 January,all,rincewind,"Another fantastic game from the same developer that give us the also fantastic Starlight Vega.This time is the tale of two sisters, the cute and diligent Iris, and the cool and aloof Zoey. They didn't even know of each other existence until they are set to live together in an apartment while attending the same school.While they don't start on good terms soon they start to bond. And their relationship starts to go beyond of the relationship of two sisters.How they will deal with their new found feelings? How this will affect their lives? And will the world accept them if they decide to walk the forbidden path?All of this you will find if you follow their story. With adorable, fun and cute moments, but also with tense and dramatic moments their story will unfold.The Backgrounds and music are really nice. The interface is simple and well done. And the characters are pretty and with plenty of expressions.And the story is pretty well written. I enjoyed it a lot. The interactions betweeen the sisters are a joy to read. Plenty of fun and lightheart moments, and when drama hits, hits hard. A good ride, without doubt.And of course, the lewd scenes, with some nice animations. They're nice.Long story short, a great Yuri Visual Novel, with some nice and cute slice of life, good drama and charming characters.Razzart did it again!"
,Recommended,559610,30096048,Posted: 22 February,all,Oyasumi Punpun,"Do yourself a favour and grab the 18+ patch for the full experiencePlot summaryLove ribbon is a story about how two long lost sisters finally meet, and how they come to terms about their own sexuality.towards each other.We have Iris and Zoey as the main leads in this visual novel ride, as they spend quality time with each other and slowly progress theirsaucyrelationship.'Why should I check this game out?'High school premise is nothing new here, but I must give credit to how the story in Love ribbon grounds itself within realistic expectations of society.  Most of the tension and drama that arises from this game really does help flesh out the personality and growth of the sisters quite well.  Animated CG's are one of the game's strong selling point(especially during 'playful' moments.)Choice of music fits and is decent enough, tension is there when important scenes play. You get two different endings to pick from if you wanna explore a alternate ending.'Should I buy this game?'This is kinda tricky to answer, but if you are a fan of girlxgirl relationships and are ok with a short contained stories, consider buying Love ribbon and supporting the developer(even better if it goes on sale!)Might not appeal to everyone, but hey you clicked on this for the girls amrite :^)P.S Stay tuned after the credits for a tiny epilogue and buttstuff/10 action :D"
76561198030787887,Recommended,559610,29619273,Posted: 31 January,all,Cujo,"Beautiful story. The story feels authentic, well thought out. It moves along at an appropriate speed. It doesn't rush anything and yet doesn't dwaddle. Lots of feels in this story. Very easy to get emotionally invested in this story. The incestious side of things develops naturally too. This story is quite believable and thus adds to the emotional investment. It's beautiful!"
,Recommended,559610,33002290,Posted: 29 June,all,bedwyrbedrydant,"First things first: While I'm absolutely enamored by Zoey and Iris, their dad is my favorite character. Which really begs the question, what was this family's back story?Honestly, what isn't to love about this game? The story is sweet. The R-18 patch makes it sensual, but still in a sweetly intimate way. The visuals are flipping gorgeous and the music is lovely. The storyline is bittersweet and complex, and the beauty of the game is that it manages to disguise the depth and complexity of the topics contained in Love Ribbon.The fact that they were sisters through me off, I'm not going to lie; that's partly the reason why I had to debate with myself for some time whether or not to purchase the game. But, love is love, and I respect that, so I decided to give the game a chance.The game starts with this sort of ""lull."" The game begins the way most games of the genre begin, generic and not entirely convincing; but as the story unfolds (and with the addition of the after story), Iris and Zoey's storyline and characterization blossoms into something more organic and human. By the end of it, Zoey and Iris have become so vivid and alive. The story doesn't conclude in some ideal happily ever after, but remains bittersweet. You fall in love with them, or you fall into the same kind of acceptance the father eventually does (judging from the after story), or both. It's honestly very sweet, and thank the gods of gay I bought this game."
,Recommended,559610,32726906,Posted: 24 June,all,OujiHimekawa,"I simply searched for an yuri visual novel and found it. Much people seem to have a problem with the relation between the main character and Zoey. But for me it doesn´t matter at all. They have completely different personalities and don´t even look like siblings. The storyline is also very comprehensibly. I mean out of Iris perspective, Zoey is total stranger for her and they didn´t grow up together. So for her it´s like falling in love with a normal girl she met on street. Can´t get why so much people freak out about a game. It´s not like they grow up together and fall in love within a day. Both of them even wished not be related. I know that incest is a difficult topic. But seriously? They wouldn´t even harm anyone.The description clearly says:""[...] yuri (girlxgirl) visual novel about forbidden love between two sisters."" Can´t imagine that some people just bought and played the game to determine then:""Eww, incest! How gross!"" It´s the same like bands, singers, actors you hate. If you don´t like them, ignore it. Deal with things you like and don´t waste your energy to offend people who like it.Now I finally want to say my opinion to the game:It was like an explosion of feelings. It was sad, romantic, hot and funny. The music suited to every situation. The choice of decisions is very obvious so you won´t have problems to get the good ending. There are just two endings but for the hours you spend in the game, it´s okay.And now a small thing about the patch:Just awesome. With animation, great art style and much artworks. Would not have expected so much and good fanservice from such a cheap game.So for the price and hours you play, I can totally recommend it to everyvone who doesn´t matter about love between siblings."
,Recommended,559610,31268124,Posted: 20 April,all,Dan from Danbo,"Good story telling? Check.Rounded characters? Check.Great visuals and music? Check.Learning to accept that you can't choose who you love?... checkmate.Look man, I played this game for the yuri, because heck, who doesn't like yuri, right? In fact, you are probably thinking of buying this game solely because of the yuri. Don't be shy, of course it'd be a reason to get this, that's one of the big ideas of this visual novel. Although...The whole sister x sister idea made me think twice before purchasing. Needless to say, I overlooked that part for the moment and got it.I won't spoil it of course. The story is great, it's like a big bowl of vanilla icecream, the premium kind. Sprinkled with some toppings that you aren't really keen on, but nonetheless, you learn to love/understand it or reject the idea completely.If you want to experience some feels and or complete and utter heartbreak, just play this visual novel. Not to mention there is choices you can make that affect the endings AND and an afterstory update they just released. This is a gem in the sea of VNs. I took the route that favored the protagonist(s).Oh and, the yuri is A+++. Really good. Take my word for it."
76561198081851571,Recommended,559610,29658655,Posted: 2 February,all,Kantalogical,"100% recommend, characters are likeable, relationship is adorable, drama is engaging. Downside is now I reeeaaallly want more of these two but there probably won't be a sequel or anything.(Unless of course the dev decides they do want to make a seuquel in which case YES PLEASE <3 <3 <3 Or at least a little fanservice of the two, showing up in another game or something.)"
,Recommended,559610,30038921,Posted: 19 February,all,ゆいい ~,"Its a really good game, the characterization of ZOEY and IRIS give me a strong impression among many other same type game.The plot is also not bad ...But the are things that is not good or good enougheg.*there can be more animated scenes*there are not enough pictures(facial experssion ) to express inner world of 2 girlsBTW the game dont have any dub , but its totally a gooood game! Recommened"
,Recommended,559610,34869429,Posted: 10 September,all,plk Lesiak,"Love Ribbon is a touching yuri visual novel about an incestuous relationship between two sisters. The girls, who meet as strangers after not even knowing about each other’s existence for their whole lives, end up living and going to school together and after initial misunderstandings start developing feelings for each other. This leads to a rather deep and realistic story of forbidden love, that ends up happily, but never ignores the challenges and social stigma that comes with the protagonist’s choices.It’s somewhat heavy on sexual themes, even without the 18+ content unlocked (I never installed the patch), but for me these elements never felt forced or distasteful – they always had an actual role in the narrative. The wording could be described as somewhat pornographic, but it never bothered me enough to actually feel out-of-place and the NSFW moments weren’t that numerous anyways, so they couldn’t overshadow the core story.The game’s art and music are of high quality, just as I expected from the maker of Starlight Vega. The sprites (only the two main characters have any) and background aren’t that numerous or heavy on detail, but they’re pleasing to the eye and the CGs are all gorgeous (from what I’ve heard, that applies to the sexually explicit ones too). As the story is pretty short (around 7 hours for full playthrough) the characters aren’t extremely deep, but full focus on the main couple and their relationship helps it quite a bit. The protagonist, Iris, might seem a bit bland, but her thoughts and actions feel very realistic and the second sister, Zoey, is also above all a consistent character that starts as rather unlikeable and grows over time in slightly predictable, but still interesting and believable ways.The plot itself doesn’t always surprise you, but it feels sincere and well-written, so it easily brings the enjoyment and emotional impact this kind of story should deliver.Especially with the expanded epilogue, it’s really a satisfying read that doesn’t try to force feelings out of you with some cheap tricks and doesn’t fetishize the subject matter to the point where it would be off-putting. Above all, it’s a really good love story that should be satisfying for all fans of yuri VNs or romance in general.While it’s somewhat short and light on player choices (and only one of them alone decides the ending), I can still wholeheartedly recommend it. Apart from the romance element, there’s also a bit of optional, high-quality erotic content for those interested – the game give you choice on how you want to experience it and I think it should be very much worth the asking price no matter which approach you take."
76561198118869291,Recommended,559610,29555834,Posted: 28 January,all,appbeza,"I guess, it goes to show how important many supportive people are in your life, aye? Without them you would feel lonely, even with your romantic partner. If you don't have this support you will have to rely on the person beside you and your own will, working together, to heal and push for a brighter future. This increases my love for these characters; they are sttrong-willed and fighting for themselves. This is the feeling I get from experiencing this product.10/10 for manking me feel such emotions."
,Recommended,559610,31783633,Posted: 16 May,all,avidan2006,"**POSSIBLE MINOR SPOILERS, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED**--Love is more important than anything else. Life is short, the heart wants what it wants, and if you deny yourself, if you bend to the will of people around you who just want you to be ""normal"" so their minds can be at ease, you'll just die miserable and alone.With that cheery sentiment clearing a path ahead, and having just finished the story a few minutes ago, I would like to say that ""Love Ribbon"" is now my favorite Visual Novel. Two girls fall in love with one another, and the story plays out with traditional ups and downs as that relationship attempts to move forward.Where the story gets its bite is in the details. Yes, there is the whole incest subtext that is actually brought up into the forefront many times in the story, but that shouldn't be the primary reason you purchase and play this game. The primary reason is that you're a hopeless romantic, that you love to see people fall in love, and that you're a firm believer in the heart getting what it wants as long as the parties involved are in full consensual agreement on the matter.Yes, the idea of incest is taboo, it's a taboo subject in many cultures, but then homosexuality was taboo in so many cultures. Just because it's taboo doesn't make it evil or wrong, just out of the box. Sometimes people can't cope with that, while others can. Navigating that minefield of who can and who can't certainly adds a sense of urgency and fear to this story.I, for one, cheered the two protagonists onward, and for several reasons:A) It ain't meB) It's none of my damn business what they do, as long as both agree to it willingly.Is there a serious misalignment of morality here? Eh, depends on how you define morality. If you don't like it, if you find it icky, don't do it. If you don't see the issue as a moral judgment, but rather an ethical judgment, you have more ground upon which to stand, but it all comes down to perspective. If, on the other hand, you're like me and just want people to be happy without the world kicking them into the dirt, you'll probably get the most enjoyment out of this story.Still, the novel itself is well written, with a solid story, tight dialogue that gets to the heart of the narrative, and most important for some folks, it's visually sumptuous. Once again, Razzart just dominates with magnificent artwork. Anytime I read a VN with Razzart's work, I feel spoiled, and I know that even if the story is weak, the visuals will be stunning, and that is worth my time and money.All in all, this story is, at its heart, about two people who love one another, regardless of what the world says about that love. Whether we find it right or wrong shouldn't matter, as we are not involved, we do not control their hearts, nor do we have the right to supercede the decisions they make between one another. With that said, now we get to the scoring:Story: 10/10Visuals: 10/10Dialogue: 10/10Adult Goodies: 11/10. Seriously. Read the novel.Summary Evaluation: Bought it. Loved it. Would buy again. If you're a romantic, buy the game and play it. I think you'll love it, too."
,Recommended,559610,29691090,Posted: 4 February,all,bxakid,This game:Way too cute.Way too Intense.Way too Stressful.Way too untertaining.Way too well designed.Way too much lovely.Way too teasing.Way too nice.Thanks for producing such a good game on this theme.Love how their love seems true and how nicelythe emotions are transmited.     See ya soon !
,Recommended,559610,31896366,Posted: 21 May,all,TrinityBabe,"Forbidden love. A romance between blood-related sisters. Maybe some might find it disgusting, but honestly?The way the story is set out makes it so sweet. There were moments where I nearly cried, moments where I laughed, and over all, I left this game feeling happy.The artwork is beautiful and well done, the backgrounds are fitting (and some of the garden backgrounds are stunning), the characters are very likeable, and the story itself is adorable.If you're open-minded about love being love, I would definitely recommend this game (:(Also recommending the 18+ patch, puts a verrry nice spin on the whole animated cg thing)"
,Recommended,559610,29879153,Posted: 12 February,all,Sleepless Art,"This visual novel has struck me in a way I did not think that it could. This story line is very well thought out, in this review I will not spoil anything for anyone; but I will say this, do not judge the developers of this game. This story may be fictional, but at times you made believe that somebody is speaking from experience. Whatever may be the case I found myself thoroughly enjoying this visually novel. With at the climax of the story I found myself investing and wanted them to succeed, I’m very pleased with how things ended. The subject matter of this visual novel may be a taboo, but it does exist in its world. Given the basis on how this relationship was formed it is not unheard of for something like it’s too occur in our world. These two young ladies found what makes them truly happy in this world and at the end of the day that all anyone ever wants. I look forward to future creations from Razz."
76561198041181149,Recommended,559610,31222662,Posted: 18 April,all,✪ Lewis Graham,10/10DLC 10/10 Would throw rocks at wheeled gay-mobile again.
,Recommended,559610,30431001,Posted: 10 March,all,Cute New,"Really, really impressive.The story may be simple, but rather peaceful and gratifying.Looking forward to your DLC planned!Give us more sweet life fragments of lovely Iris and Zoey!(4.20 updated)Great father, great family, lovely couple, perfect.By the way, where can I find the original soundtrack? Beautiful music."
76561198128258936,Recommended,559610,29863635,Posted: 11 February,all,SuperXII,"Rich story, awesome and funny characters and amazing scenes. Art work is great and characters are crafted with perfection no doubt, hair is smooth and beautiful and the faces of the characters look amazing. Stunned by the story and excillient story line and options given, I highly recommend this game to whoever has played visual novels or not at all. I never loved visual novels but after playing this, I love them. Get this game, believe me you wont regreat it. :)"
,Recommended,559610,29796150,Posted: 8 February,all,Mugg,"So, this game has it's faults, and they are few.. But it also kicks asses, and there are alot of them. For me, personally, I was already a fan of sisterXsister so that was just a bonus, but wow. Normally I don't go into VN's with all that much expectation or enthusiasm (so many lack heart and depth, or command of the English language..) and so it was with this story, but dayum did it win me over quickly indeed. Honestly, even if wincest isn't your thing... I mean hell, even if YURI isn't your thing - this is still a damn good story, written and illustrated very very well. I never tried it, but I assume there's even a path for a platonic relationship in there somewhere for all the dweebs that can't handle the realness ;)Anyway, sick game. Already looking forward to a sequel (there IS going to be a sequel, right?) Would heartily recommend, even if you do lose half your friends list for it. ;pP.S. I would be remiss if I didn't point out some of the specifics, both positive and negative:Pro's- Longer than your average VN, took me about 7 hours to fully complete (I probably read slower given the unexpected quantity of feels. Wanna absorb it all, go for the full experience, ya know?)- Immersive. It's well written, so if you have feelings it will pull you in.- Choices at unexpected times, and they feel very weighty when you have to make them.- It's basicly Life is Strange, so if you like Pricefield, you're gunna dig these characters ;D- It has a very tasteful hentai patch. What more can you ask for, comon!Con's- The ending felt rushed in my opinion, emotionally speaking.- Some choices felt a little contrived-- 'welp, saw that one comin', or the the way the characters responded to particular situations felt out of character, simply so that a choice could exist.- There weren't an enormous amount of choices, even though the ones that did exist were very important. I'm kinda on the fence about whether I would've liked more. Just something to think about.- There was no wardrobe option to fix Iris' ridiculous dresses >.>- It was only 7 hours long... moar plox.- Like, seriously, it's been two weeks since this came out. Why haven't you announced the sequel yet? Jeez."
,Recommended,559610,29839091,Posted: 10 February,all,Myerax,"Finished this game in one sitting, and I am glad I done that, this visual novel was really good. Emotions were like up and downs, you'd feel sad too when something sad is going on, I've got both endings, and all the extra's. The art style was great and the CG animations was also good ;)Overall really enjoyed this yuri VN, I'm happy! YAY!"
,Recommended,559610,29718520,Posted: 5 February,all,ruff1298,"Good♥♥♥♥♥♥right here. Great scene, emotion, and heart, treating the ""incest"" part very seriously, with all the problems that come with it.Repeats a LOT of images and scenes, but the writing makes up for it--especially the part where you can have the MC tell her sister she's hot outright, that was great."
76561198025661224,Recommended,559610,29956221,Posted: 15 February,all,Jaden,I loved this story. It kept me wondering how things were really going to turn out all the way to the end. I Highly recommend it.
76561197967845722,Recommended,559610,34550500,Posted: 28 August,all,Maj. Wence [2RB],I must say I greatly enjoyed this VN.  I held off on my review as I wanted to wait for the extended epilogue.  And I must say it truly added a great deal to the story and made what was very good. Quite a bit better.  If you like Romance VNs and Incestuous themes do not bother you; I recommend you pick up the game.ProsGood StoryGood CharactersGood ArtGreat Happy EndingConsNeed More~If you don't like Incest themes this isn't for  you.
76561198035398358,Recommended,559610,34842901,Posted: 9 September,all,SoVEoCLoCK,"The first VN game I've played outside of the Ace Attorney series, I stumbled across this while browsing the weekly sale listings and for whatever reason felt compelled to check it out. So glad I did.This story is very well-written and had me hooked in from the moment I started. It tackles a taboo subject matter tastefully, and really brings you through a rollercoaster of emotions along with the girls.  Completion time will vary depending on reading speed of course, but it personally took me about 5 hours. I found myself feeling a little melancholy saying goodbye to Iris and Zoey at the end, but that's only a testament to the quality job Razz has done rather than an unsatisfying conclusion. The Afterstory epilogue update wrapped things up as perfectly as I could've hoped for.In conclusion:- Excellent story and characters that will stick with you.- Great art style and music.- A touching, maturely-handled romance that manages to be sexy without falling into raunchy territory.-Good value. $9 is cheaper than a ticket to a 2 hour movie!So if you're here asking yourself if it's worth your time, I say ""absolutely."""
76561198053408785,Recommended,559610,29726729,Posted: 5 February,all,すごい可愛いです狐,"A surprisingly good story, beautiful art style and wincest yuri with a free 18+ patch.You came here to buy it, obviously. Do it."
,Recommended,559610,31294399,Posted: 22 April,all,*^SaoSin^*,"A little heartwarming story about two sisters.It’s already cliché.Story seems simple but it introduces us to believable situation and problems. Incest topic is departing it from generic titles. Also teasing, funny interactions and really likeable characters. Everything can progress in 2 ways, we have few choices.It is well done. I can’t help but smile at most of the scenes and that just represent positive feeling “Love Ribbon” gives. I didn’t regret any minute of it. Chilling music, romantic mood, and elegant anime art. That’s all you need from indie romance VN, to fall in love. Quality is high, and that’s visible also in writing style which gives out many variety of emotions, not focusing on some empty lust, but it is also provided in +18 patch.Very entertaining. I am surprised that “Love Ribbon” is not only a lovely game. Make more Yuri VN’s like this one, and the World will become a better place!"
,Recommended,559610,29656342,Posted: 2 February,all,The King in Yellow - CARCOSA,"An absolutely touching ero yuri Visual Novel despite the subject matter of two sisters it's handled in respectful way. And often at times tugs at heart strings. It understands the theme being too much for some people, and tells the story providing a fantastic tale and emotional one at that. Although, arguably the it may like choices don't matter there is good ending and bad ending. I got the good ending. I also recommend getting hpatch for it. It be lewd, but the intimacy and love between them is evident and you truly feel and want them to succeed despite the huge barrier."
,Recommended,559610,30526032,Posted: 15 March,all,max,"to be honest, going into this game, i was nervous. right when i saw the preview for this game, the art is what really stuck out to me. so, of course, i clicked onto the store page. but,,, when i saw that it was about love betweentwo sistersi just about had a stroke. i'm not for incest whatsoever, don't get me wrong, and i really did contemplate on whether or not i wanted to buy this for a little bit. but, in the end, i thought, ""why not give it a shot??? it definitely looks promising."" and? honestly??? i'm not disappointed. unlike most of the horrid yuri vns here on steam, this one is not overly sexualized in the least. even the h scenes seem natural, and the writing as a whole just fits so well with the tone of the game. the art style is extremely soft and calming, which is a stark contrast to the rough art of the majority of the vns here. if anything, i'd say it really rivals highway blossoms. in the end, i'm not going to say it ain't bad. incest isn't good. but this game really is worth a shot. for $10, it's definitely worth it.[EDIT 6/19/17] i went through today to replay this game, and it was honestly as if i was playing it all over again. the story, the art... everything is just beautiful. but i also had never noticed the afterstory. it adds ~1 of gameplay depending on how quickly you read, and gives the story the concrete sense of closure it really needed! plus it introduces a few more adorable cgs which i absolutely adore. seriously, i really recommend at least checking out this game. i couldn't give it anymore praise."
,Recommended,559610,29881103,Posted: 12 February,all,AssassiNami,"Very good VN, I like the story. I recommend this, you won't be disappointed.This might not be the best review, but this game will be the best VN you will ever play, prob.![EDIT] Just progressed, this game is much more intense that i imagined!So good."
76561198118536774,Recommended,559610,30022705,Posted: 18 February,all,Azza909,This was such a cool story I loved it I hope to see more of this Great work in the Future!
76561198076106591,Recommended,559610,29911752,Posted: 13 February,all,KittyButtons,"Really good, just loved it! I cried a lot in this game, just soooo good!"
76561198018183174,Recommended,559610,29674792,Posted: 3 February,all,[SG] Shingo-_-Yabuki,"I've to say, the animation done here is very artistic and this is easily one of the best VN. The Sakura series are good. But Love Ribbon is even better. The extra edge here is the animation. Some Sakura titles got voice patch. It's cool in it's own sense. But having simple animations like these in Love Ribbons makes the most impact. Imagine picking up a story book, as you flip through the pages, some chapters have moving illustrations to complement the story. Like those books and papers in Harry Potty.Developer, if you have time, please consider the following;-At some scenes, the music doesn't fit the mood-I noticed Zoey never ever have tears roliing down her cheeks before unlike Iris-If only we can get to hear the exact music Zoey and band does; Soundtrack Opportunitiy?"
,Recommended,559610,30366625,Posted: 6 March,all,Fortnite > PUBG,"I came into this knowing nothing about Razz, or his other works.I even had some of them on my wishlist, unknowingly!However, after going through Love Ribbon.I think I can safely say that this is a well written, well executed visual novel.It isn't a tasteless, ""made for the hentai,"" visual novel.It has a great story, which is very well fleshed out, and has natural romance, besides the implication of incest.It handles the material well, using a well written story, and the balls to have them be sisters, which is already better than Oreimo.It doesn't dance around the fact that they're sisters, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.If you absolutely can't handle incest at all, then it isn't for you, but if you can, it just adds another layer to the plot, good or bad.And lastly, I will commend it for advertising the 18+ patch right on the title screenEven though it's a story based VN, I can't say that it isn't very honorable in the fact that it's a 100% free, safe to download right off of their blog patch, which adds the ""plot"" near the end of the story. (If you really want to skip through the entire thing.)All in allIt was a 2 hour read for me (But that seems to be underaverage compared to the rest of the reviews)Very heartfelt and sad due to how well written it wasHandles what it does well and naturallyArtstyle is smooth, and easy to look atSoundtrack is appropriate and nice to listen toIt doesn't have many branching routes, but that's only a minor complaintI believe it's worth your time, and all of the 10 dollars that it costsYou'll love how moving it is, as it tells a tale of 2 forbidden lovers who don't kill themselves for once"
,Recommended,559610,30108998,Posted: 22 February,all,Y.T.,"Pros:- Nice ""Opposite poles of a magnet"" main characters.- Pleasant art style.- Simple but touching story.- Incest.- Little bit of animation here and there.- ""Director's cut"" edition available for free on Dev's site.Cons:- Simplistic backgrounds, nothing to look at.- Short, almost too linear.- Felt like i missed good portion of a gamein the middle when Zoey groping Iris in school(THAT ESCALATED QUICKLY!)Music is okay-ish. Texts nothing spectacular but solid.11/10 will look at my sister differently."
,Recommended,559610,33134381,Posted: 2 July,all,Phil,"Jeez... I cried Icried I cried a lot... I could not imagine something like that. I actually don't know what I imagined before purchasing this VN. I was just curious to see how an incest would be told. The characters and the story are very touching. What is interesting is that these two sisters are very different from one another for reasons I won't disclose in this review of course. We are like the two girls, with the mind torn between what is allowed and what is good for the two girls (clearly, what is good is what is not allowed and vice versa)."
,Recommended,559610,31239963,Posted: 19 April,all,adryan,my fav game ♥‿♥
,Recommended,559610,30037782,Posted: 19 February,all,Frankie,"Alright - I like this VN. A lot. It's cute and well written and not ridiculously long, and I love Girls Kissing so it appealed to me a lot.But god those optional sex scenes. Okay I can't say all of them - one of them was really good and in character, albeit the pacing felt a little too fast. But the epilogue sex scene.... not as good. Typos were one issue but my main issue with it was that it felt like 2 completely different people than what had been established in the main story. It felt rushed and very average hentai stuff. But also I'm really picky about porn scenes. Like if you're going to include them in a VN, I feel like they need to fit with established pacing and characterization.That being said, it was one small thing in an otherwise cute gay VN so I'm just being picky. It's worth the price tag and that's more than I can say for a lot of VNs."
76561198024288032,Recommended,559610,29955791,Posted: 15 February,all,Reversed black guy,The hentai patch is the cherry on this sundae.
76561198203730584,Recommended,559610,29591000,Posted: 30 January,all,StealingWitch,"I absolutely love this VN. Not that only it's simply beautiful, but it also has great story. And Im willing to pay more for longer stories or incoming series. Some animation might be......... cringe. But heck, it's a new style that you dont see in every VN. (though lately e-mote getting popular) Also, it's a good thing that devs put the R18+ patch in free. yes, FREE!If you a fan of CITRUS, this game is right in alley. Might be overpriced for such short story, but heck, this one, worth every rupiah. :)"
,Recommended,559610,29574515,Posted: 29 January,all,Bread-chan,"Yui-chan's Guide to the Perverse;1. Purchase Game.2. Visit this link:http://razzartvisual.com/2017/01/24/love-ribbon-18-patch/3. Download Patch from either the Google Drive link, or the Mirror link.4. Copy into Game Folder. e.g; (D:\Program File (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Love Ribbon\game)5. Launch and enjoy. ;)Review:I usually don't post serious reviews, but for this game I thought I'd give my two cents. Love Ribbon explores the relationship between two blood-related siblings; how they see eachother, and how the world would see them.As a very taboo subject, it's quite refreshing to see what sort of circumstances would cause such a bond between two siblings. The story itself is well written, explaining their situation, their feelings of love, guilt, hurt, abandonment and acceptance. Both endings, good and bad, are potential real world outcomes if two siblings (unbeknownst or not) would have an intimate relationship with one another. I found myself questioning my own morals and prejudices when explained the gravity of the situation that brought the two to this relationship. Although some of the choices you will make will not affect the outcome, there are some choices that will leave you wondering; 'Was this the right thing to do?'.Overall, it is an excellent VN and I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to read something with a subject heavily underlined in morales and personal beliefs."
,Recommended,559610,29752337,Posted: 6 February,all,GreenSkitt,"You like yuri / shoujo ai / GL? Buy it! You will not regret it. Except if you absolutely hate reading. Also you should probably not buy this game if you are just here for the fapp material, go to a hentai site and rub one off there instead (￢_￢;)"
76561198003312166,Not Recommended,559610,30418173,Posted: 9 March,all,Remzy,"The story is not entirely bad but its nothing too exceptional and memorable, very cliche and very little choice options. If i could id give this a neutral rating, its got potential but could have been more creative."
76561198262857951,Recommended,559610,29570981,Posted: 29 January,all,Mr. Tedditon's Playhouse,10/10
76561198130316881,Recommended,559610,29533370,Posted: 27 January,all,grenadier7428,Sweet and simple story. This game is tasteful but relatively unflinching. I would buy a product from this game creator in the future.
,Recommended,559610,30293400,Posted: 3 March,all,Jingo,"Absolutely amazing game, a little short for my tastes but that's sure to be taken back when the DLC drops. :) Oh, and by the way..there's an H patch for it."
,Recommended,559610,30030433,Posted: 19 February,all,真「SHiN」,"What a pleasant yuri incest visual novel. The pacing is great, the characters are great and the ambient music is just okay. I'm still perplexed why VNs always sticking to 2-3 character poses and with only a handful of facial expressions. My only gripe (more like a nitpick) is how everything got resolved in a deus ex machina manner. Or should I say Dad ex machina? It's not really a big deal and the outcome was believable enough.I highly recommend this VN.On a side note, there are 3 un-clickable pages in the Extras tab. I'm not sure that's a developer oversight, or there's a hidden scenario that is 3-pages worth of scenes, or perhaps a space reserved for an upcoming DLC?"
,Recommended,559610,30361069,Posted: 6 March,all,Hyperdimension Completionist,"Sometimes I wonder what I'm doing with my life when buying visual novels such as this one.I don't regret it but I also do, you feel me?Regardless the story is warm, touching (in more ways than one) and beautiful."
,Recommended,559610,29716218,Posted: 5 February,all,kibufu,Really love Zoey and love this game! haaaa...story good picture goodI play and end on bad end before happy(?)end lol
,Recommended,559610,30483438,Posted: 12 March,all,ようそろ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"yuri incest...but its more tasteful than it sounds I swear.The art is good, the characters are likable (Except the professor...but he is barely there so whatever lmao)with the patch, it becomes totally worth it *insert lenny face here*Cute lesbians are always worth it. Buy it."
,Recommended,559610,29667350,Posted: 3 February,all,Zoey,Quite a nice storyMusic - Meh[Not the best and i felt some of the music did not suit some scenes it's merely my opinion but it did feel a bit meh]Story - Good[I feel it could of ended after 1st 18+ scene but that's my opinion i just think they dragged on a little on ending which wasn't needed as it just went over stuff we already knew anyway]18+ Scenes - Great[Text for 18+ scenes were very well written and quite decriptive even if you don't like fan service 18+ patch does not take away from story and is quite a nice little touch]Characters - Nice[As someone named Zoey i am biased towards the character Zoey as i'd let Iris be my sister as well]All in all very good for price well worth picking up 18+ patch as it is nice to see a little fanservice as long as it doesnt take from story.
,Recommended,559610,31247188,Posted: 19 April,all,2Ben,"Beautiful story, lots of feels"
,Recommended,559610,29618541,Posted: 31 January,all,Captain Alex,"Bought this game for memes, started to play and started to get invested in how good thehentaiplot is. By the end of the basic storyline I realized I just played a visual novel unironicly and that it is not normal. It made me question why we find some things forbidden. Great artstyle, great story, great everything.Plus it gets really hot at times"
,Recommended,559610,31207435,Posted: 17 April,all,Sqweam,Great buy if you enjoy VN's...The 18+ scenes arent cringey for once.actually interesting *cough* Sakura games *cough*
,Recommended,559610,30268292,Posted: 1 March,all,Parrk,Loved it.
,Recommended,559610,33721789,Posted: 22 July,all,Revali the ravioli,"It's yuri, and it's great.Story is absouletly fanatstic, shows the struggles of people in incest relationships, which, is really sad, knowing you fell in love with one of your family members and the fact you can't chose the person you love and knowing most of the world wouldn't accept your love... I  sure learnt more about how people feel in incest relationships.Anyhow, Good end is GREAT, if you installed the 18+ patch it gets even better!I played the bad ending just for the achivement so let's not talk about itLove the ""Afterstory"" update, makes the story even better and makes it feel even more complete, love those extra cute scenes! Would be great to see Love Ribbon 2!Oh, and, Zoey+Iris = sweetest couple ever <3"
,Recommended,559610,32825521,Posted: 26 June,all,Drjones013,"That... was far more amazing than it should have been. Like if someone handed you rich, velvety chocolate when all you were used to was powdered. I wish though that the medium hadn't been a VN but something else... the story feels a bit 'on-rails' as it has to get to the 'main course,' which of course, is the road only travelled in the minds of the author. And internet porn. The story is almost cliche at some points but the execution was very well done. I can honestly say that I enjoyed that story quite a bit and look forward to what this author might do in the future!8/10 - Short game but well-executed story. Plot implausibility led to what felt like an honest and barebone conclusion which still managed to end well. Impressive."
76561198031123827,Recommended,559610,34569633,Posted: 28 August,all,Eugster,"Love Ribbon is an easy recommendation for anyone who wouldn't be immediately put off by yuri or OMG OMG OMG incest.  And it is refreshing to see a visual novel escape somewhat from the typical tropes of anime, both in writing style and the overall plot of the game.  The game shines most brilliantly during the times when main protagonist Iris is trying to figure out her sister Zoey's and her own feelings.  The overall pacing is slow but that pace is great when the sisters share an emotional moment with each other.The weakest facet of the entire visual novel is that the scenario is just not believable as a whole.  There are too many contrived elements regarding the setup that leaves the overall story in obvious fantasy or hokey territory.  Of course, plenty of visual novels contain fantastic elements, so why is this an issue with Love Ribbon?  It is because those other visual novels are clearly in the realm of fantasy, intended for escape and not to be taken seriously.  But in Love Ribbon, when one takes a look at the scenes and plot moments individually, those scenes and moments are totally believable.  They yearn the reader to take them seriously.  So the reader ends up in this bizarre world where the big picture is clearly surreal and incredulous, yet the moments that happen along the way--the intimate, small steps--are so convincing, lucid, and adorable.The writing makes it easy for the reader to care about Iris and her sister Zoey.  The sisters have conflicting yet complementary personalities, and the story makes good use of the contrast to make each of them special.  From a literary perspective, Iris is the weaker personality because she is the open-minded, socially awkward, hard working girl--the trite stereotype found in all too many anime and visual novel characters.  Zoey's personality is much more complex and interesting... but the way both work together is amazing.  They were meant for each other :)A strength of Love Ribbon is that the story is focused on just one heroine.  This isn't the ""choose who you want"" harem that is common for visual novels turned dating sims.  Because the story is focused on just one other heroine of interest, all of the moments with her become vivid and interesting.  The reader does not encounter story elements that looked interesting but end up fading into the background (because those elements are only significant for a path/heroine that the player did not end up choosing in other visual novels.)There are a relatively small number of decision points in this visual novel, but I found the decisions to have relatively little impact on the immediate plot.  Regardless of which choices are taken, the overall plot flows in roughly the same manner until the reader reaches an ending point.  This could be a positive or negative, depending on one's own expectations for visual novels.The overall story is somewhat short (at around six hours) compared to other visual novels, but this is not really a negative.  The length feels about right, in that there is a definite story and conclusion but without feeling like the plot just drags on and on.The music is nice but typical visual novel flair.  While not particularly noteworthy, the overall gentle theme is enjoyable and appropriate.An adult patch is available to enable sex scenes in the game.  However, those scenes are not really needed and may even detract from the romance.  Love Ribbon isn't really about sex, it is more about enjoying a story and adoring the characters."
76561198019345127,Recommended,559610,34515992,Posted: 26 August,all,JhexHex,Decent artwork and story that can be either heartwarming or heartbreaking depending on your choices. Worth your time if you if you are a fan of yuri visual novels.There is an uncensored patch for those interested.
,Recommended,559610,34539688,Posted: 27 August,all,Sevarack,"I thought that i would just be playing another pornographic visual novel, but boy was i wrong. This game had so much detail and so well wrote. I came to this game to enjoin some tid but i ended up crying. This game is so well done. I cant do it justice in a single review, do yourself a favor and pick this game up."
76561198284426452,Recommended,559610,34808063,Posted: 7 September,all,mattamazingballz,"It's probably the best of this type of game I've played so far.....excluding Life is Strange obviousely....playing it without the 18+ patch because I really just want to get my Max and Chloe love story fix..So....that being said these girls are sisters.....I feel like they address deeper issues involving ""you can't pick who you love""...it's also sold as a sortof maybe sexy romance.....Overall I really liked it...I bought Catch Canvas and it wasnt worth the money....this is more what I was hoping for :)"
76561198424603157,Recommended,559610,35145898,Posted: 22 September,all,bekmcq,"The complexity of the story and pace at which the VN unravels adds a lot of depth to the characters. I like that it takes away a lot of unnecessary distractions and really focuses on the two girls. I couldn't help but feel empathy, longing, and many other feelings for them and their situations throughout the development of their relationship. The yuri element is really highlighted and done well. Some of the rash decisions characters made were upsetting, but regardless I would recommend it. It's a cute and sweet tale of two passionate girls."
76561198083048032,Recommended,559610,31166507,Posted: 15 April,all,яisqué,"Pro tip: It's not incest if you disable subtitles and sound, then its just hot silent yuri action."
76561198012160840,Recommended,559610,31121589,Posted: 13 April,all,J.Vaxx (Yuri VN <3),This game is a very well written masterpiece. You will pass through a rollercoaster of emotions and will cry a lot. It's one of my favourite games and I highly recommend it. And the best part... it's Yuri!!! <3
76561198031882063,Recommended,559610,31069347,Posted: 10 April,all,Mecky™,LOVE THE GAME SO MUCH!! DONT CARE ITS FORBIDDEN LOVE!!! THIS WHAT SOME SIBBLINGS IS FEELING..NOW AND DAYS!! I GOING SUPPORT THEM NO MATTER WHAT!!IF YOU LIKE INCEST OR DRAMAS... ANNND YURI!! YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME!!
,Recommended,559610,30647849,Posted: 21 March,all,short hair & glasses,"I mean the whole concept of them being sisters is weird but other than that I have no other complaints. Its was a good romace novel that I thoroughly enjoyed.I would also highly recommend installing the 18+ patch, its so worth it in the end"
,Recommended,559610,29776061,Posted: 7 February,all,in new york i milly rock,i came here for the plot and nothing more than that
76561198169230374,Recommended,559610,33421349,Posted: 9 July,all,990187,10/10 would look at the hentai patch all day everyday
,Recommended,559610,33133516,Posted: 2 July,all,Proto,I have no regrets
,Recommended,559610,29957280,Posted: 15 February,all,trickylatte,this make me happy
,Recommended,559610,29564022,Posted: 29 January,all,abera,Fits perfectly for those who really into Vanilla VN. Free 18+ Patch aswell. Lovely game 9/10
,Recommended,559610,29561128,Posted: 29 January,all,raltyinferno,"Just played and completed the game. This is only the second Visual Novel I've ever played, but I enjoyed it quite a bit. The art is excelent as can be seen from the trailers, and the story is is really quite touching and engrossing. I found myself seriously sucked in."
,Recommended,559610,29553844,Posted: 28 January,all,i eat led,I bought this game for a joke (And had the money lying around) I would really reccomend it though it you watch the storyline. Amazing (The patch actually mades a better
76561198073353854,Recommended,559610,29715462,Posted: 5 February,all,Eselschlag,- .... . / ... - --- .-. -.-- / .. ... / --. --- --- -.. / .- .-. . / -.-- --- ..- / .... .- .--. .--. -.-- / -.-- --- ..- / .-- .- ... - . -.. / - .. -- . / - .-. .- -. ... .-.. .- - .. -. --. / .- / ....- / .-- --- .-. -.. / .-. . ...- .. . .--  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198129696062,Recommended,559610,29618388,Posted: 31 January,all,Msmusicful,"After waiting months for it's release and finally playing it, it was really a cute story. :) I was really happy with how the story played out and was so engrossed by the drama and some parts would make me emotional, I loved it. For me, I played the game mostly for the interesting story and plot and of course for the H-scenes  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Plus I used the NSFW patch. Thanks again Razzart :). Over all, this was a really good yuri VN and I for once felt like I finally bought a yuri VN that was actually worth buying."
76561198089511062,Recommended,559610,29632658,Posted: 1 February,all,zen,I loved this game although it broke my heart.
,Recommended,559610,29546833,Posted: 28 January,all,Shimoto,"While Love Ribbon does suffer from a lack of drawn side characters and from missing variety for the backrounds, it does overcome those things with an emotional engaging and charming love drama which is very well written and well drawn.The story could have been better though. Especially the game's tendency to time skip isn`t really the best solution here although I get that it was done to speed up to more important parts of the story. The VN could have benefitted alot from more unimportant side talks and alike even if they would have been short.The dialogues are great and enjoyable and I just wished for a bit more.The overall topic of love between siblings and the consequential problems which arise from it are also believable enough presented. I wish more stories would adapt this topic in plausible ways.tl;dr great game, great story, well written and drawn"
,Recommended,559610,31911795,Posted: 22 May,all,Amor ♀ GodDeSs,Get it please lel and add the adult content
,Recommended,559610,29542135,Posted: 28 January,all,Lord Clown,"Heh... heheh..  i uh, heh... It has good plot and pretty good ""Plot"" too.  I was smiling quiet a bit and a tear almost fell down at a point, it's a pretty great novel and it's emotional and funny, good characters. I downloaded the uncensored patch, i do recommend it i suppose, as it's how it's supposed to be played, to fully get the ""Plot"" I'm really liking it so far and will finish it soon.  The choices i've made so far have made a difference.As much as i do appreciate and enjoy it, i wanna add that the creator could have animated a few more things such as (spoiler alert)Ferris wheel and so forth, and i wish it was even longer cause it's really good, it made my day.9/10 cause it's difficult to play with only one hand. (My friends will see me in a whole new light after this...)"
,Recommended,559610,29644453,Posted: 2 February,all,Drambuie,cool story bro
,Recommended,559610,29550319,Posted: 28 January,all,Crabs&Cancer,"A beautifully told tale that lures you in subtly and gets you to understand (though a little romanticized) the tragedy and plight of the two main protaganists.  Both are likable and a sweet chemistry lingers constantly and consistently between the pair that esclates and transforms continously.  I thought some of the pacing near the end seemed a little hurried and wished the developer would've played our need for closure a little more but it is forgivable as there is a Bad Ending.  I enjoyed Starlight Vega immensely and was my primary motivator to try Love Ribbon and though I felt Starlight Vega had the more developed story, this is still very well written and character true.  I will continue to support this developer in the future."
,Recommended,559610,29543525,Posted: 28 January,all,predhasia,Nice incestNice patch 18+
76561198325116737,Recommended,559610,29665001,Posted: 3 February,all,KnightXMare,Highly recommend to buy this game to support the developer. Hope the developer continues making this kind of gamein the future and i will surely buy it .
,Recommended,559610,29573708,Posted: 29 January,all,Captainoffail,"Love Ribbon is a short story with a beautiful theme of forbidden love. The portrayal of two sisters in a relationship is sweet, and open minded. The story goes through the ups and downs, the struggles and the rewards of romance.The VN excels in showing the feelings of the two sisters and bringing them to life. It fleshes them out well and one can connect with and understand the actions of the sisters.Love Ribbon a wonderful Visual Novel. Anyone capable of casting aside social norms, dogmas, and taboos should read it."
76561198047410379,Recommended,559610,29795768,Posted: 8 February,all,Relieved Sin,"So while studying for classes, I found this on accident scrolling through things. Looked interesting, good reviews, so I bought it. A few hours later, I forgot I had a test the next day and it's suddenly 3am. 10/10 would forget to study again."
,Recommended,559610,29813984,Posted: 9 February,all,Caldera,Well its about time I get to play games like this on steam.So many times games get censored and declined for mature ART!  Show me MORE![Here's My Money!]
,Recommended,559610,32966421,Posted: 28 June,all,Cake Cat,"This was an emotional, silly and heart warming visual novel girl's love game and I was no disappointed with this purchase! I wish there were more games like this out there."
76561198341496381,Recommended,559610,29798293,Posted: 9 February,all,sirexal,"Can I give this a ""both recommended and not recommended""?Okay, so If you're not usually an ero-fan, if you don't read erotica often, or if you're just really interested that this is the only game with the tag ""incest"" on Steam at the time of this writing, it's recommended.  You might want to wait til it's on sale, but try it, you'll like it.  Or if not this, one of the other, cheaper erotica games out there, I'm sure you can find one catering to your tastes and kinks.  The rest of this review is not for you.I mean it.  Shoo.  If you've never heard of Literotica, you don't belong here anymore.  Go read another, three-line review.Are they gone?Allllrighty then.  Hi!  Like me, you probably consider yourself something of a fan of good old written smut.  Perhaps you monitor the Visual Novel Database for new fanpatches.  Maybe you're sick of the same few authors dominating the ""incest"" tag of Literotica.  Hey, I bet someone reading this even remembers dear departedsistersinlove.com.  This part of the review is for people who know and love sexiness.And to those people I say, Love Ribbon is nothing special.  It has the narrative speed of an 8-page Literotica story: At one point the story timeskips several months just to say ""...and now she's been privately stimulating me for the past few weeks.""  The plot beats are predictable, the story ultimately short (2.5 hours for me) and the sex scenes (played with the 18+ patch) sexy, but nothing mind-blowing.The art is attractive, particularly during the sex scenes (definitely some of the more attractive ♥♥♥♥♥s I've ever seen in a visual novel) but ultimately very limited (two outfits each?!  Come on, pajamas at least!) and the backgrounds are cheap and flat.This is asking for eight to ten dollars for a 4.3-star Literotica story and some deviantart-level pictures to go with it.  Love Ribbon is simply not worth it."
76561198116127686,Recommended,559610,34545757,Posted: 27 August,all,Aozora Bsl,"With such a relatively short total playhour (<10 hours in total) I'm really surprised how great this work is. Unlike so many Japanese galgame the reactions and society are quite realistic, and correctly reflect how stupid some part of our modern (western) society is.....Yet it shows clearer how beautiful the couple is. As sb who totally give no sh_t to all the social norms unfortunately I cannot experience the mental struggle of our protagonists very well. But the depiction of the characters is so well that I believe all of us can feel their agony. And even though I play quite a lot of yurigames I think it's been a long time since I get quite spiritually aroused. A-hem. It would be real nice if the story is longer or if we have more sequel....:PP.S. Contrary to what so many people say, if you feel you cannot accept the incestuous subject.....I recommend you to play this. This may change your mind. Even if you don't, it's good if you start thinking WHY you dont."
76561198284480142,Recommended,559610,29581653,Posted: 30 January,all,Maganese Mk.II,"This was my first proper Visual Novel, and had some spare money I thought would be alright to 'waste'. However, this game was truly interesting and really did drag me into the story, and the free 18+ patch gave it an even better kick. This game was well worth the reasonable price, and I don't regret buying it now.Some might complain that the story was lacking in side characters, but to be honest I think this was intentional to reinforce the idea that it's just the two main characters against everyone else. The taboo subject (incest) might put you off, so if you can't deal with it or actually enjoy it, this game is not for you.Anyway, if you're looking for a good yet short story with high emotional involvement, (completed it in 3.5 hours) this is for you. If you're looking for a quick fap, you'll be forced to wait a while before any of the good bits (whether you see that as a benefit or not is whatever floats your goat...)Edit: not sure why this says I've only played 0.3 hours, maybe because I was offline while playing? Anyway, it took somewhere between 3.5-4 hours to play through once."
,Recommended,559610,29577157,Posted: 29 January,all,Winter,I recommend this. It's my first Visual Novel that I bought and its very great. The thing that annoying me though is the time skips and I wish there was more side chats with other people and/or more events where the main protags do more fun things together. Other than that its a really great game!
,Recommended,559610,29588293,Posted: 30 January,all,SaviorOfNirn,Actual good story with actual feels inside... wow.
76561198052490112,Recommended,559610,29573518,Posted: 29 January,all,LorentzB,ANIMATED 18+ Patch.(Yuri is Life :)
76561198080853185,Recommended,559610,29590015,Posted: 30 January,all,OutCast98,"This game more then provided for my weekly dosage of yuri. It played the forbidden love story to a T, and the love felt real.So with out a doubt i would recommend this if you love yuri, and I look forword to more games by Razz art"
,Recommended,559610,29550253,Posted: 28 January,all,にゃ,"This visual novel shows the relationship between two sistersand yes, they really are sistersand I must say it really surprised me.I read this VN not knowing about who made it and such, but only knew that it was incestual yuri. (Might I say, it was pretty damn good yuri.)The story itself is about five hours, depending on how you pace yourself and the writing is moderately good.(Too be honest screw all the fluff, the h-scenes is where it's at boi.)The fact that the only parts that were animated were the h-scenes made those parta lot more fun to read.Story was good.Music was good.Characters were different from each other, so their thoughts were obviously different,Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,559610,29585294,Posted: 30 January,all,chad brody,"i climaxed due to this game for the first time in 5 years, didn't even know stuff worked down there still. great game, i probably cried too HIGHly recomendo"
,Recommended,559610,29697426,Posted: 4 February,all,Oracle Steiner,It was pretty good.
76561198201182113,Recommended,559610,29686148,Posted: 3 February,all,yuribot1000,"I came for the yuri incest, stay for the amazing drama.betterthancitrus/10."
76561198060697595,Recommended,559610,29845216,Posted: 11 February,all,Draven | Udo,I am pretty new to the Visual Novel scene (only played about 5-6 different once)BUT i have to say the Story behind this one right here is Awesome and so Hearthwarming that i couldnt Stop playing it.and there is a free 18+ Patch (Awesome right?) :PMy Favorite VN for now and i think it will stay like this for a longer Time.10/10
,Recommended,559610,29941192,Posted: 15 February,all,Slightly Aroused,"Played a bit, It was ok"
76561198069159152,Recommended,559610,31552380,Posted: 4 May,all,wrb41977,"So this game has been rumbling around a bit on my Discovery Queue, so I finally broke down and decided to try it... Well, it is interesting... I'm not sure how to feel about the content. Oh, I have seen ""yuri"" (I think that's the term) relationships in other visual novels, even on Steam... It's just... how closely related the two lovers are in this...I'll put it this way...There is a plot point where they send off a genetic test because one of them isn't sure they are sisters... I was hoping it would come back saying they weren't...Other than that... Well, it is a nice story."
,Recommended,559610,35054834,Posted: 18 September,all,Nero,"I'm loving this. More incest yuri kthx.So incest is still illegal and taboo, even with two girls that can't even produce children at all.Good going society... Keep brainwashing people into believing stupid things like incest = wrong."
76561198003580346,Recommended,559610,29555535,Posted: 28 January,all,Null Moon,"Everything in terms of writing, story, length, art, music, Highway Blossoms does better.However if you're looking for a short story about incest with lots of teenage angst, then you came to the right place. Girls are being overly dramatic, love interest is a tsundere, and sometimes their decisions and actions make no sense. 18+ scenes are nice, however writing can go from erotic to cringe in a sentence.I would only recommend it you if you're completely starved for angsty yuri VNs, otherwise it's not really worth it."
,Recommended,559610,29642604,Posted: 1 February,all,Izumi,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▒░░▒▒▓▓▒▒▓▓▓▓░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▒░░▓▓▓▒▄▓░▒▄▄▄▓░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▒░░▒▀▀▀▀▒░▄░▄▒▓▓░░░▓▓▓▓▓▒░░▒▒▒▒▒▓▒▀▒▀▒▓▒▓░░▓▓▓▓▓▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░▄▀▀▀▄▓▒▓░▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒░░░▒▒▓▀▄▄▄▄▓▒▒▒▓░▓█▀▄▒▓▒▒░░░▒▒░░▀▀▀▒▒▒▒░░░▓█▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▓░░░░▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▓▓░░░░░░▓▓▒░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░░░░░░▓▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓░░
,Recommended,559610,29591524,Posted: 30 January,all,Blucia,#ProudToBeThis is YuriThis is IncestThis has a Free 18+ Patch...And I bought this game fast as ♥♥♥♥ boiiiiiiiYou can watch the game play here if you want :https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLs4qVOVfH3Kba8iuixotN1QNi9eZh1dg7
76561198060838080,Recommended,559610,34781943,Posted: 6 September,all,Seeker,Hard to focus on the action with all the feels getting in the way
,Recommended,559610,34848880,Posted: 9 September,all,Pvt.Franky,"Well i hate Weeaboo Games, but this one had a nice story and I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,559610,30087630,Posted: 21 February,all,KireusG,Why not?
76561198377504898,Recommended,559610,34658811,Posted: 1 September,all,Grey Warden,Buy it.
,Recommended,559610,33592146,Posted: 16 July,all,Lilith,"This game is perhaps the most beautiful VN I've ever played. It follows a story of a relationship between two sisters and develops into a truly gorgeous flower (If you play your cards right). No spoilers of course but this is a must play if you like cute VN's, are a romantic (Especially a gay girl romantic) and if you have great taste.Tl;dr - Prepare to tear up. Enjoy this amazing and romantic game."
76561198125811599,Recommended,559610,30114196,Posted: 22 February,all,A APPLE DOESNT EAT APPLE,..........IT IS MOVING!OMG!
76561198056688161,Recommended,559610,29543452,Posted: 28 January,all,Sparky/Salty,"Really good visual novel, with a very emotional ride of a storyline. I cri at least 10 times. :')Yuri is love, Yuri is life."
,Recommended,559610,29592985,Posted: 30 January,all,Imriss,"Well, lets start with the thing I loved most about this game - and it will definitely be the art. I really enjoyed style overall, level of details and it's soft and gentle vibe which suited the game beautifully. Music is also very fitting and intertwines with the story perfectly all the way through.The plot itself though... While reading, I can't say I wasn't engaged and some moments were pretty moving, bur after actually finishing and thinking about it, nothing stood out much or left some lasting impression on me. Which makes me a little confused about what exactly author was trying to convey. Because story is pretty banal and sex scenes also quite tame, all things considered. Good writing though.All and all, I do recommend the game, especially for the fans of the genres, but I did expect a little bit more out of it."
,Recommended,559610,29539245,Posted: 28 January,all,suohwolf,The story and the bgm pretty good. It is a good yuri game i havn't seen in steam.
,Recommended,559610,29586555,Posted: 30 January,all,Isabella Fox,"This made me a crybaby, such a lovely story though"
,Recommended,559610,30970955,Posted: 5 April,all,spacefaux,"enjoyed the story, too bad its incest so its touchy on that reguard. if only there were more wlw games of such high quality...."
,Recommended,559610,31369229,Posted: 25 April,all,Bulge Noticer,I'm in lesbian with this game
,Recommended,559610,29927999,Posted: 14 February,all,Zydrate,"Heard of the free R18 patch.Bought the game.Downloaded the patch.Fall asleep while playing.5/10(If u want a standard hard-on gameplay, don't buy. It doesn't have that many R18 contents. LOL )"
76561198205481257,Recommended,559610,29680459,Posted: 3 February,all,Nico Nico No,the only incest ship i will ever ship
76561198077353228,Recommended,559610,32670557,Posted: 23 June,all,Karui,"So I just finished my first playthough (with no guides) and I have to say this is awesome. I got the good ending.No real moment made me cry, but I did feel a lot of tension and happiness.It really was a very sweet story of two girls falling in love and not caring whether or not they were related. It honest to god felt genuine and the interactions between the two felt genuine.My only real issue was that it was way too short. I WANT MORE. lol."
76561198158725328,Recommended,559610,29569603,Posted: 29 January,all,✪ Chaos,10/10 worth it
76561198162296292,Recommended,559610,29580337,Posted: 29 January,all,tapatio dick,"The story was linear and kinda short, but it gives you the feels considering the situation the girls have.Also free +18 patch is pretty value.A good VN considering its on steam."
76561198008082927,Recommended,559610,34230895,Posted: 14 August,all,首領八奇,Obey Yuri.
76561198019046316,Recommended,559610,35045637,Posted: 18 September,all,Atashi <3,Thank you
,Recommended,559610,35192072,Posted: 24 September,all,Crimson,I came here to train my left hand
76561198015215697,Recommended,559610,35094480,Posted: 20 September,all,retirement home,Basically you're playing a ♥♥♥♥ed up sexual predator who's taking advantage of her slightly younger sister.I recommend this game for sexual predators. It's pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up.
,Recommended,559610,29614384,Posted: 31 January,all,Fenirax,"The least I can do after playing this game, is writting this, it was simply fantastic.Really, buy it, I don't care who you are or what you like, just buy it and make yourself a favor.Okay, a yuri visual novel about sisters, that's the ideia, but you're not gonna see things going wonderful for the characters, they need to take on really deep problems and questions, including the question if they are really sisters or not, and this is done is a fantastic way, every single time I was on the edge with feelings, when something happy happend, I was happy, when something sad happend, I was sad.I really couldn't help it but cry at the end.The only thing I can complain, it's because this a short game, but that's just me being selfish, the story works without you getting tired, or things happening too fast, it's a perfect time for this game, but I can't help but want to have more of this feeling I have with games like this.If you read until here, and still haven't bought it, go do it, please."
,Recommended,559610,29796108,Posted: 8 February,all,LilBiggz,"10/10 very hawt, no ragrets fam, is good yuri."
76561198167779052,Recommended,559610,33654927,Posted: 19 July,all,Visual Novel-aholic,All I can say is keep them coming Razzart!  Another 10/10 visual novel.
,Recommended,559610,34079378,Posted: 7 August,all,Oberstgruppenführer,FeelsGoodMan
,Recommended,559610,29579507,Posted: 29 January,all,Nogoodnms,"Pretty enjoyable experience. Short, but good. It feels like occasionally conflicts are construed out of nothing but miscommunication, but I suppose that's a natural thing to occur with romance.Don't forget to get the adult patch. Google it."
76561198039306578,Recommended,559610,32455927,Posted: 15 June,all,sc2030mcnutt,"I really liked the story and the characters, hope in the extended update that things bwteen their father work out."
,Recommended,559610,34942807,Posted: 13 September,all,Inter,"What a great story specially with the afterstory update a big thank you and great job to Razz if youread this. Now the review its a wonder love story and the scenes are amazing, thou short it is rewarding. For those who look and see that the together achiev is bugged no worries I had the same problem just install the afterstory update manually and it will work. A great buy."
,Recommended,559610,29551802,Posted: 28 January,all,SuicidalYawner,"Nice story, although short in terms of VN's; was really enjoyable due to the art, music, and the character development."
76561198066169112,Recommended,559610,29595528,Posted: 30 January,all,Street Halo,"This game is sick filth and you people are DISGUSTING. The dev is evil and quite frankly, I am APPALLED that Gaben would debase a once great and family friendly business like Steam for the sake of the almighty dollar. You people should be ashamed of yourselves!I, on the other hand, regret nothing.Glorious Degeneracy/10  Would watch lesbian incest again ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561197998546381,Not Recommended,559610,31793697,Posted: 16 May,all,8Bitaccent,"Only around 3 hours long or so according to my steam time. Literally just short enough where you can't refund it if you take your time reading. While the story itself could have been a lot better, not been rushed, it was decent enough. Pick it up on sale, probably. Not quite on the same level as, say, Highway Blossoms, but it's alright.If you're looking for yuri pronz with context it does the job well enough with the A-patch.Honestly the characters and the entire story could have been at least 5 times longer. I only played it through once but there's maybe... 5 or 6 choices and somewhere in there is the bad ending I didn't get. Would have been better done with a lot more choices (even if it just changes context, not story) or no choices at all.Pros:A trope relatively unseen in the states.Enough angst to pull you through the story.Touches on a worldwide tabooStuff:Relatively smutty with the adult patch. If you're into that. Honestly it was a bit much for me, honestly, it could have been done better. But some people like that kind of thing so there it is.Felt like more work was put into the A-content than the rest of itFree porn is betterFollows standard romance progression (most do)Cons:Relatively light on the artFast pacing and short storyAmature writing (or translating? unsure)"
76561198350883665,Recommended,559610,29593605,Posted: 30 January,all,JustWingIt,Uhm.......... is it even LEGAL to get into a sexual relashionship with a sibling?( '_' )
76561198084588203,Recommended,559610,32844499,Posted: 26 June,all,♥ thebucketlord  ♥,hentaiscenes:( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,559610,31652556,Posted: 9 May,all,Satamics,"Best 10 bucks I've spent in years.10/10, would fap to H-Patch again."
76561198307825097,Recommended,559610,33675953,Posted: 20 July,all,TKattack,Why not?
,Recommended,559610,33730073,Posted: 22 July,all,HAO,Was fun
,Recommended,559610,32654132,Posted: 22 June,all,boy mayor of second life,"Dude. This game is so ♥♥♥♥in cute. Its hella gay which is usually enough for me to reccomend something in the first place, but i actually genuinely like this game and the characters. They're lesbians, harold. L e s b i a n s."
,Recommended,559610,29585071,Posted: 30 January,all,Delicious_boX,"Please support Chinese中国語をサポートしてください‎يرجى دعم الصينيةBitte unterstützen Sie ChinesischПожалуйста, поддержка китайскогоS'il vous plaît soutenir chinois중국어를 지원하십시오กรุณาสนับสนุนจีนProsimy o wsparcie chińskiego‎אנא לתמוך סיני"
,Recommended,559610,33620128,Posted: 17 July,all,pancakelust,Yuri wincest with enjoyable dialogue and amazing art. Need i say more?
76561198031780569,Recommended,559610,29534568,Posted: 27 January,all,tmtapani,Four months of checking the Steam page / Twitter account daily (for a release date) and in the end the game was just as good as I expected it to be.
,Recommended,559610,29580834,Posted: 29 January,all,HerbalNekoTea,"I am a very big Yuri fan boy, so when i saw a new Yuri on VNDB (my profile :https://vndb.org/u44974/list), i was surprise to see a new Yuri Incest. When it release the next day, i bough it when i remembered about it. Well, it's not bad for a western VN, not bad for a Yuri but not something mind blowing compared to what i already read in my life, it was fine but not meh. I gave it a 7 and 6.5's being where i drop a VN normally on vndb. $10 CAD well better spend than karakara in my opinion (i was a kickstarter backer and believe i wasted my money for a turd, thank god i did not paid full final retail price for that one) but still not has good than the worse Sonohana, at less the h-scene patch is free and add something but the lack of voice, even english one make it get a lower score in my opinion.To the dev, for your fourth VN release, why not invest into english dub or find some women to make fan dub and give them some royalty (percentage cut of the sale), i am sure some under age fujoshi would appreciate some money for moaning a little bit and dub the other line for a less helping them get a little student money or even put a voice dlc for $5 buck and you will get my extra money for the extra layer of quality. The no voice's personally a huge factor about if i finish or drop the game, that why i never played more than 30 mins of the first Sakura game and never touched anything from winged cloud. Even partial voice dub would had been fine for me (like the yuri kindred spirit on the roof from mangagamer).Finally, my opinion about the story, the story focus too much on the drama, not enough about the fun time the character spend with each other, the date event was so short and bad than it gave me the impression than the relation was not an happy one and they had definitively almost nothing in common between them than being blood related which's like a pathetic excuse to make player buy it for their fetish than dual phase was the only one combling. It give me the feeling than nothing happened like karakara and i will also one day forget about this VN. Also, i got the feeling that the dev made a linear story at first in a kinetic VN way and when he finished, decide to put a second ending and then also decice to put 8 meningless choose which made no sense later when you choose that one instead. Example one, when Iris saw Zoey dressing, one choose is about saying she has a fine body or saying she should buy cuter clothe but later during the date she mentions it even when you compliment her curve. Example 2, bad ending, on the parc bench, she make alusion to the stuff happening on the good ending which did not happen in the bad ending. Those main QC editing when they added new choose or ending made me remove my 7.5 into a 7 on VNDB.For the music part, it's so plain you will not even notice it, the h-scene or kissing scene music don't fit, the only time i could say i noticed the music was at the ending with drama between the father and Iris.The art's very western based manga style, not my cup of tea since i prefer moe girl like sonohana and not the style of flower. The CG art lack in quality, profoundness and definitivelly on variation, common, not a single variation on any CG except on the background and even that, some background during the day was at dawn then right after in daylight then at night... Common, you could had made a day time cg for the red light district since it would had been more fitting for 2-3 scene that used that CG. I would not be surprise if those cg are trace over from something else (it did gave me that wibe of deja vu).The surprising point now, the useless 3 seconds animation appearing from time to time before putting a transition to a static cg. All those investment on animation work would had been better used for more cg variation. At less the h-scene has 10-15 animation loop that feel well done but h-scene are too short, especially the second bonus one. I like my h-scene to be half of one of Grisaia or 1/3 of Princess Evangile (way fuc-king too long, i need a break before next erection). I feel they could had at less adding more cut into the h-scene like scissoring or tribalist or even double side dil-do, even Sonohana, the queen of vanilla yuri has golden shower in each of their game but not anal fingering or rim job.You have $10 to spend, well, at this price, it's not the best way to spend your cash but at $5 on sale is a denitively yes. I would recommand instead if you can to read real VN which are originally from Japan, translated in english commercially or by fan. I would say you are better investing into Flower - Le Volume sur Printemps but even it ending make it almost look that bad but a less the story's better and have content into the story, not leaving you into an emptyness feelling."
76561198083523825,Recommended,559610,29599014,Posted: 30 January,all,NYTA - young slav,Tell me why all i can see is lilypichu and annie!!!!!!!!!!!!! :3 <333333333
,Recommended,559610,29626368,Posted: 1 February,all,harubun,My boyfriend sent me this as a small cute gift and I was SO mad at him because I told him to stop buying me these lewd games! Ugh. >:( Anyways I can't believe I played this game. The animations are AHDORKABLE!! My favorite girl is Zoey... the way she looks at Iris turns me on. This is my first yuri game I've played! The character development was amazing. The plot gave me blue balls. Both endings were great (esp. the good end hehehe ;3 ). Don't tell anyone but I'm 34 years old and I couldn't resist the 18+ patch. I blew my load a couple of times and now I do not need my special hentai yaoi videos I torrented off ofhentaiaddict.com. The last scene was amazing. The tongue action. The hot dialog. I almost broke my keyboard because I got some of my nut in between my keys. I just couldn't resist. ANYWAYS! I love this game hehe. P.S: I love my boyfriend KYA~~
,Not Recommended,559610,31310956,Posted: 22 April,all,DOR MEISTER,"Made me ♥♥♥♥, mum than came into me room and took away me PC. I also got a virus for downloading the 18+ patch. DO NOT BUY THE GAME."
76561198211372981,Not Recommended,559610,30914619,Posted: 2 April,all,Larry,"I'm now a lesbian thanks to this game, thanks a lot. I used to be a straight male and now i'm a lesbain male. Expect a call from my lawyer."
,Not Recommended,559610,31897310,Posted: 22 May,all,Game Daddy,"Very few game make me feel wrong and disgusted. This is one of them. Got it when it was dirt chaep cause i like reading visual novels. I never bothered reading the discription cause it was so cheap at the time i figured i could take the loss if its bad. I wont make that mistake again. I diddnt get around to playing it for a long time and when i did i got to far into it to get a refund, This is just......Just trust me walk away and dont come back. Dont ask questions, trust me you dont want to know the answers. Learn from my mistakes and be more careful."
76561198076653876,Not Recommended,559610,29560397,Posted: 29 January,all,no_idea_for_a_name,"Mine could well be a problem of wrong expectations, but I find this game so mind numbingly boring! I donwloaded the 18+ free patch, but I'm around 30 minutes in and I've yet to see anything even remotely sexy! Also, the dialogue (interior and exterior) is badly written, no matter what your expectations can be!"
,Not Recommended,559610,29735562,Posted: 5 February,all,^5Chino ^4Kafuu,I wanted to get my♥♥♥♥♥♥wet but I had to read 30 ♥♥♥♥ing essays
76561198091803228,Recommended,559610,29575644,Posted: 29 January,all,Astreus,This topic in the discussions sums it up perfectly (click me)
,Recommended,559610,30583954,Posted: 17 March,all,Chicidmale,"Overall it's a short but enjoyable yuri VN. There is an 18+ patch on the developer's website, but most of the added content takes place later in the game, so you won't miss very much without it.The major complaint I have is the choices you make throughout the game don't carry much weight individually. In fact, The VN only has two paths, of which is decided from a few (again) later game selections.Most of the drama only takes place in the second half of the story. Until that point it's a mild ""odd couple"" meets ""school girl"" trope mash-up. Once the drama is stepped up, its enjoyable until the end. Over all it’s an enjoyable 3-4 hours.Also, the bug the last scene on the third page of the extras is still there. It will remain locked no matter what you do. I spent far to long trying to unlock it before checking the forums."
76561198043365545,Recommended,559610,30902043,Posted: 2 April,all,Soviet Union,i just finished playing this game and it was done very well i highly reccomend this game
76561198047845371,Recommended,559610,30917432,Posted: 3 April,all,Spliffster,More like wincest am I right?Patch recommended!
,Recommended,559610,33257457,Posted: 4 July,all,rickajoie,"I really love how the developers tackled with this kind of story, it's really something to be proud of. The last part of the After story was the best for me of all. This game is really great in my opinion especially the animated CGs despite its simplicity, even though it was a bit on the short it was still enjoyable.I would certainly recommend this if your seeking for a good story. It may be short but it has character and handles the topics it deals with very well. If you want to play this game you have to have an open mind to enjoy it."
76561198203231933,Recommended,559610,33287584,Posted: 5 July,all,sinivalas777,"A bit on the short side, but a clear win for sister-yuri."
,Recommended,559610,33303825,Posted: 6 July,all,Dragoslove,A cute yuri visual novel.  If you liked Highway Blossoms you'll like this.
,Recommended,559610,33350021,Posted: 7 July,all,Rainbow Blitzz,"What a truely beautiful visual novel~Usually I am not a big fan of these types of ""games"". I said that in quotes, because, to me, visual novels are no games but more like a book and that is what they are actually intended to be and good at for the most part. And like a book of mine, I only crack one if the story is right. As big fan of romance novels and stories about forbidden love like Romeo and Juliet, I was bound to turn to this game eventually, and I did not regret buying it in the slightest.The story is about the two sisters Iris and Zoey who, eventhough completly different in both character and way they got raised, soon find out their true feelings for each other. But just like in our real world, some kinds of relationships are shunned by the public. Having to hide their feelings, the relationship in front of not only the students but also their parents, you accompany them on their way through heartaches and eventually acceptance. It all depends on how you play the game. Every so often you get the chance to make choices that can have good or bad outcomes for the two sisters, eventhough the biggest of those decisions will eventually determine the ending. The game has two endings and an afterstory, which you may have to download seperately, but its not difficult it very easy to find in the discussion section of the game by the developers themselves.Beautiful visuals, music and very nice character development will follow you through this heart wrenching story, aswell as some mild erotic features, which honestly are not really that explicit to begin with. Alternatively you can download a 18+ patch that unlocks two sexual scenes near the end of the aprox. 6-7 hour long story. It is obvious that the focus of the novel was more on the story than the sexual content, so if you are only considering buying this game for that, rather go somewhere else. If you however prefer a really bittersweet love story and you are a fan of forbidden love like me, you will love this game. I would really recommend giving it a try~!-Blitzz"
76561198071295498,Recommended,559610,33421515,Posted: 9 July,all,[ZF]Robin,"Where to start,one: is it worth $10: depends on who you are and if your into this kind of stufftwo: was afterstory worth adding: no ♥♥♥♥ing whymy opinion on this is that it has story issues and what not but its not bad, I enjoyed reading it was had fun with it but I feel a little let down in the end, if your someone who like yuir (aka lesbians) then go ahead buy this your have fun and enjoys whats there, to me this was a little too short to be worth $10 but i still had fun and enjoyed it, be warned there are some typos in this game but you can look past it as it doesnt really stand out anyways.and about the free afterstory update: a huge let down to me, I thought it would of been a lot longer and mabye have a sex sense but to my surprise nethier of those where there, a huge let downoverall it was good and if you like yuir then buy it you will enjoy the story and like the cute and funny moments that this game has to offer8/10 would sex again"
,Recommended,559610,33446131,Posted: 10 July,all,Arkwright,"Lemme start off with... Love Ribbon has earned all of my love.And tears.'Cause, god, I cried.So, speaking from the bottom of my heart: I saw the game (incest PLUS yuri? *starts singing 'sweet dreams are made of this'*) and what I expected was nowhere near what I found, but I mean it in the warmest way.How can I explain... I have played others, like our beautiful source of yuri hentai known as Sono Hanabira where girls have sex every five minutes 'cuz their gay asses won't know the word CHILL. Also played Kindred Spirits, which I loved with all my being bc REAL ROMANCE, something that Sono Hanabira series lacks deeply. Although it's the most complete (aka expensive) and I'd even dare to say that it's the ideal V.N, Kindred Spirits was lacking something too.When I found Love Ribbon and started playing, I realized what it was. What was off. While I played, that vague feeling that something was missing every time I played a V.N finally came to an end. What was it, you ask. Well.The gay drama.If there's no drama or angst, I'm sorry to say this, but it's not really gay. It's just gay. Muggle gay. Not pure blood gay.Ok, I'll hold me back right now and move on with the review *says 'I'm so sorry' in spanish*The story is well written, I loved every part of it (at least when I could read bc ya know there were some EYES in my TEARS) *shouts GAY DRAMA*The developtment is amazingly good, gosh I can't even-The characters are, unfortunately, predictable, as speaking of their personality traits. Still, I enjoyed them all. The girls father was, indeed, the best.In terms of Art, I have something to add first: This is a cheap V.N, so don't go on expecting different images every scene. In fact, I'd like to say that it might not be that perfect, but it just made Love Ribbon more unique for me. Oh, this game, golly- (where my supergirl and supercorp babies at)The soundtrack, I don't have words. Wait up, I'll just *sobbing* ok, I'm good.Love Ribbon IS worth it, trust me. You might not enjoy it as much as I did (what can I say my darlings, I love this exact lesbian incest plot, might have read over 50 fanfics about it already and so I'm used to it, zero issues), but the romance is intense as heck, even if between sisters. You'll feel it.If you would just allow yourself to have the chance of crying over these useless lesbians, PLEASE, do it.Hopefully, I haven't forgotten to mention anything... or have I? Anyway.Love is love, guys. Keep that in mind, always.PS.: Couldn't help but think about ""Candy Boy"" all the way while playing, which would be an incestuous yuri anime. There's no sex, it's just some pure golden love garbage sht that I strongly recommend as well.INCEST IS WINCEST AND YURI SHALL CONQUER EARTH, now farewell.'Till next Yuri V.N ♥ MADOKA BLESS Y'ALL"
,Recommended,559610,33496724,Posted: 12 July,all,littlemousejelly,"This was a super cute game that I definitely recommend(!!!) butthis is not a game for those of you squicked out by incest.The romance didn't feel too rushed and the main characters are cute/cool as all heck (Zoe is best girl ♥).It's easy enough to get all of the achievements as well, which is something I highly appreciate. It took me a little less than 4 hours to get all of the endings/achievements and it was time and money well spent :)"
,Recommended,559610,32218884,Posted: 6 June,all,Mirichan,"Solid VN. Nothing really amazing art- or writing-wise, but the story was sweet and different."
76561198203076558,Recommended,559610,32156418,Posted: 3 June,all,Duck Joestar,"I was excited for this Visual Novel, constantly stalking steam for it's release as I'm a rather large fan of Yuri and there aren't very many VN's out there compared to Yaoi.I enjoyed this game, the music was nice, the art was nice and the backgrounds were very strong and on point.However, I was dissapointed in my inability to connect with the characters. Iris, the typical 'does everything by the books' girl and Zoey the rebellious girl. I'm fond of the two but I didn't feel overly sad or overally happy at the good or bad endings (which I got both) ~ I was left with a more indifferent feeling. A little bit bland.I feel like I would of enjoyed it more if the characters had more of a backstory to delve into.Regardless, I would still reccomend this VN to any Yuri fans out there who doesn't mind a bit (a ton) of incest. Quite mild until the end if you have the 18+ patch on and that only depends if you get the good ending.8/10. Would Bang again."
76561198037267847,Recommended,559610,32142196,Posted: 2 June,all,Riko-chan,"As someone who's played quite a few visual novels, especially Yuri VN's, I thought this was really well made and engaging. I don't know much about the creator's of this game, but they did a great job. WIll definitly try out their other games.Also highly recommend adding the free 18+ patch and the After Story patch.I wouldn't say this is perfect. Even though they talked about incest, I kind of had to use my imagination to better joy the game."
76561198136229357,Recommended,559610,29890152,Posted: 12 February,all,Agape,"Having played dozens of VNs and seeing hundreds of anime, I can count on one hand the amount that crossed that certain line. This is one of those that did not disappoint however. The artstyle is appealing and unique with the characters drawn differently from multiple angles. The story is fairly light and easy to understand and get into. Characters are reasonbly fleshed out and it maintains a fairly realistic atmosphere for the most part. A well done game that I would recommend to anyone who enjoys VNs and doesn't mind yuri."
76561198015477035,Recommended,559610,31058268,Posted: 10 April,all,Pasch,I adore this game. It tackles some sensitive subject matter head on and was lovely throughout.Also Zoey is basically me.
76561198319432075,Recommended,559610,29717360,Posted: 5 February,all,Matty,.
,Recommended,559610,29896234,Posted: 13 February,all,The Grimace,"The narrative deals a lot with genetic sexual attraction, which is a very interesting concept to explore and study. I definitely found myself wanting the characters to persevere and for things to go well for them. Very nice art and music, and the basic program works well within the story. It would be nice to have a few more character portraits for various side characters, but they aren't necessary to enjoy the plot. I do also wish that the music from the main title screen had more time to shine, as it is an absolutely beautiful song. The game was worth every penny."
76561198161799618,Recommended,559610,29873753,Posted: 12 February,all,forcefieldkid,"i enjoyed this game more than I expected.The art was fine though it could have done with more variation throughout, especially in the long 'space bar space bar space bar' sections.What stood out is the well written relationship between two teenage girls, the flirtations and every day stuff was nicely done. The more sexual content was sometimes a bit blunt, but it can be difficult to write and has obvious limitations no matter who is doing it so..Interaction is minimal but for it's price it's a good ride."
,Recommended,559610,29575809,Posted: 29 January,all,recc,"Me and some friends played this game togerther, they all muted their mics when we got to the lesbo scene 10/10 best game"
,Recommended,559610,29708275,Posted: 4 February,all,Harlan522,"Loved it! Awesome game, I hope there is more too this great game. It ended so quickly for me. I would love for the story to continue on, mabe there could be a turning point or something that makes it turn out that the two are not sisters after all. I'd love to see the outcome of that!"
,Recommended,559610,29672113,Posted: 3 February,all,DoUEvenPraiseTehSun,Yuri is sugoi. Incest is Wincest. Doesnt get better than this boiz. Welcome to 2017.
76561198189705163,Recommended,559610,29938237,Posted: 15 February,all,PT_Mo,"The story is great. The characters looks good. The story is not very long, a  few hours can be finish."
76561198026677814,Recommended,559610,29809573,Posted: 9 February,all,evoluanX,"Not read any of these before, bought this one and I lapped up 5 hours of reading. I got so into this story and the two characters involved, I got the 'good' ending and I'm sad it's over, would recommend to anyone. The art is amazing, and the story is so involving it's so deep on many levels. I will definatley read this again in 6 months or so!"
76561197969336349,Recommended,559610,29906714,Posted: 13 February,all,Kuma-pun,"At the beginning, the story seemed good and the characters interesting. Zoey seemed well portrayed, but over time, I noticed that all dialoques and developemnts were beyond cliché, to the point of cringing even. The actions of both girls started to contradict each other to build up tension or drama, but it was just annoying and simply denied any realistic feeling. Maybe I have seen too much of that happening in anime, but I am sick of it.The steamy scenes were alright. Definitely a plus for the animated ones. The earlier flirty moments were quite nice, too, but derailed too much into drama later on.Thus I cannot really recommend it for its story.Since I cannot give a neutral rating, I'm gonna rate it as ""recommened"" only for the Yuri element, because that was what kept me going.So buy it for the Yuri or stay away."
,Recommended,559610,31315416,Posted: 23 April,all,RAZERKhas,"It has a great story, good price and it's mature rated :)"
76561198311151944,Recommended,559610,31552183,Posted: 4 May,all,Unparalleled Overlord,"Aww a Visual Story of romace who doesn't like a good Tale about wait. . . A story about about Yuri incest!? :@!!!!!!!Love Ribbon was quite Visual Story with excellent Art, beautiful music and a interesting story (Action) cough! Sorry about that. The Sister hood relationship dynamics was very interesting along with it's character development and their emotion made it a wonderful story.18/10 for 10, being that for those of legal Age to read this story with it's 18+ patch that is!"
,Recommended,559610,31404082,Posted: 27 April,all,Kaminari,"I wasn't really sure what to make of this game after reading the description, but decided to take a chance on it anyway. I'm not really sure how to feel about it after completing it, on one hand I enjoyed the love story aspects of it and it actually had me tearing up at times, but the incest part really left me questioning my morals. It would seem that I chose to ignore the incest and really hoped for Iris and Zoey to be happy in the end. I ended up completing the game after about 4 hours, as I kept wanting to find out what happens next, the visuals are really nice, the dialogue was pretty captivating with a few typos here and there. I would recommend this game!"
,Recommended,559610,32959898,Posted: 28 June,all,AdventSoldier,"I've always been a fan of Yuri VNs, which tend to be few and far between, so when I come across one, whether on Steam or the internet, I always try to get it. This game's emotional impact was very strong, the characters came across as natural, and I loved it from beginning to satisfying ending. If you're a fan of Visual Novels in general, not just Yuri, I strongly recommend giving this a try. The H-Scenes certainly add some spice to this story, but are not necessary to enjoy what this has to offer."
,Recommended,559610,32795380,Posted: 25 June,all,vεиdεттa rεd,"A touching narrative that focuses on relationships and culture. Short enough to enjoy in a single day, while long enough to feel connected to the protagonists. A worthwhile addition to the genre."
,Recommended,559610,32706429,Posted: 23 June,all,Sovery_Simple,"Super cute, and an emotional ride, complete with not so cute emotions! Eep! Buy it already!My sole regret is that I have but one thumbs up to give in this system."
,Recommended,559610,32900713,Posted: 27 June,all,rdg_lee,A short and sweet story about two teenage girls who become roommates and eventual lovers. I also thought the afterstory ending was a nice touch.
76561198080006860,Recommended,559610,32996102,Posted: 29 June,all,cbilhimer,"This was a hella good game. Everything was so well written but in my opinion there just wasn't enough. I want more to the story of Iris and Zoey. There was one thing though, it almost seemed like the outcome of the game hung on one choice which I wasnt super happy about."
,Recommended,559610,34962797,Posted: 14 September,all,Trimmuth23,"This game is really good, had nice little twists and just in general felt great and fun to play, the music is amazing and the art was very charming. I'm glad i chose the bad ending first, (by chance, but once you get to that part you'd know it was the wrong choice) so that way I was able to leave the game on a good note AND with the afterstory. This was my very first anime visual novel and it was very exciting. I was not dissapointed and had an awesome time playing. Also that 18+ made it worth while as well haha, no problems at all,"
76561198407019501,Recommended,559610,35465572,Posted: 4 October,all,fabulous_mate,10/10 good yuri game
