user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198080373672,Recommended,562500,32147921,Posted: 3 June,all,Andran,"This TD game has a lot of depth. Unfortunately, it is one of those games where you will invariably make irreparable mistakes that make it pretty much impossible or at least tedious to finish the game if you just start playing without reading up on it before. And, there is no reset button either.The issue is basically that there is [note: was - see edit2 below] no way to farm resources, at least not in single player mode, while multiplayer mode is tedious since it takes forever to get a game going.Resource income is finite, but it's easily possible to waste resources. For example, if you choose to complete a mission on ""easy"" the first time you do it, you will never be able to get the resources that are awarded by doing the mission on hard. They are just lost, which will mean you will not be able to afford the upgrades necessary to continue the game.This mechanic isn't explained in the game, either. I found out after having done most missions on easy and as a result I am now unable to continue the game. You should not be able to irreparably kill your progess just because you decide not to try the hardest difficulty first. Also, every time you refresh the shop, the gold necessary is just lost with no real way to regain it.For these reasons, the game is unplayable for me in its current state. I decided not to give a negative review because the game is still in early-access and this issue will hopefully be corrected, but in its current state it is a very frustrating game I cannot really recommend.Edit: If you're fine with playing multiplayer the balancing is fine and the game can be recommended.Edit2: The latest patch finally introduced grindable solo rewards. So, it's now possible to progress even in single-player."
,Recommended,562500,32812261,Posted: 26 June,all,Athravan,"This is an Early Access review written as of build v0.92, June 2017.Warstone is a tower defense game with some extra depth that makes it really stand out versus other games in the genre. I think Kingdom Rush will always remain my favourite in this category, but Warstone has really raised the bar and exceeded all my expectations - especially given the low price.At the core of the game you build and upgrade towers (units) of varying strengths and weaknesses that automatically attack moving targets to gain resources. It's what makes a tower defense game, and this game plays out very similarly in those respects. You additionally have some spells/abilities, and you can also equip and find items to help you.So How is it Different?It also has a ""town"" screen where you accept quests, learn about new things, construct buildings and upgrade them, purchase items, manage your skills and so on. It has resources that carry over and you then use to improve your base. These resources are infinite technically as you can repeat maps, but in reality that's grindy - so you have to make a strategic choice about what you're doing. This adds an extra layer in addition to the standard defense map.It also has the addition of multiplayer in two different modes, either co-op or vs. where you can work with (or against) another player. It has leaderboards and multiplayer is a lot of fun - although the playerbase is quite small so sometimes you do have to wait a while to find a partner.But let's break it down into a list..☑ The Pros ☑Cute, attractive, colourful graphicsGood sound effects ♫ ♫ ♫Loads of different maps with good level designExtensive single player campaign with story-modeMultiplayer and Co-Op maps, with leaderboards adding replayability and making farming resources more funBase map where you construct and upgradeStrategic choices need to be made ♞♜♚Regular updates100 achievements (which you might love or hate)☒ The Cons ☒Early AccessCan get grindySometimes long waits for a multiplayer map due to small playerbaseI find the story/writing a little bit boring/predictableEarly AccessThis game is early access, but at the time of reviewing, even if this was the full game, I would be happy with my purchase. It has an absolute ton of content, and seems very well polished. Yes, there are some bugs and some things that need to be tweaked/balanced - but there have been regular and consistent updates both bug fixing, stat balancing and content additions. Several suggestions made by players have been implemented, and the devs clearly listen to and interact with their players. I'm very happy with how this has progressed, and think it's worth picking up early. I bought this on day one and have no regrets.Recommended - One of the better Tower Defense games I've played, with enough depth and updates to make an EA purchase worth it."
76561198060595058,Recommended,562500,31615042,Posted: 7 May,all,Brok,Not bad.
,Recommended,562500,31034994,Posted: 9 April,all,TriAD,"An amazing and exciting game of Tower Defence genre! I have tried many different games of this genre, but at the moment, Warstone TD impressed me more than any other TD game. This game didn't seem to be your usual TD game, it's not just another representative of its genre, it has some uniqueness to it. And despite the fact that the genre of the game is specifically defined as Tower Defense, the sensations during the game are completely different, as if it is really trying to draw into you something more than just a simple TD game.Perhaps a really enjoyable and interesting story plays a very important role, since it gets you involved in action from the first minutes of the game and makes you the chosen one. The in game's story is presented in the form of pleasant comics style dialoges, which I find amazing!But perhaps the unique, in my opinion, for this genre gameplay and I mean the way the game is built, thoroughly thought out, and things you can do, when the opportunities are given to you.Warstone TD is definitely for any kind of player, even if you aren't familiar with this kind of type of games. At the very beginning there is a tutorial that will help you get used to the controls. And even here the developer thought about the players and made the training pleasant and easy, which point deserves attention. In the course of the campaign, the player will not only have to defend an important control point by any means, reflecting waves after waves of enemies, but also to participate in the offensive part of the game, trying to win earlier than the enemy does. The player will have to build his kingdom, where each building will perform its specific function. And the more the kingdom grows, the more opportunities are revealed. The battlefield, the alignment of troops, improving unit characteristics, the distribution of upgrades after leveling, the use of various magic, artifacts - with all this player will have to get acquainted during the game.The graphics are just astonishing, enjoyable and bright picture! The great sound quality and atmospheric musical accompaniment perfectly highlights the moment of battle. The game has achievements, the fulfillment of which only fuels your interest. For Russian-speaking players there is Russian localization!To summarize, it can be said that this is really an impressive, worthy product, with a good implementation!"
,Recommended,562500,32676105,Posted: 23 June,all,=RP=SumoFlorist,"Best money i spent this year so far!Yes the game is still in early access.Yes there are bugs.Yes sometimes to text switches to cyrillic for no reason at all.BUT and this is a big but:The game plays well, there already is a lot of content.The devs are actively responding to bugreports!Be warned though: If you do not like to play with or against others you might find the resource curve VERY steep (if not impossible to keep up with), because the game kinda balances around grinding resources in MP.**Update** The devs put the option in to rerun singleplayer missions for a single resource reward, the reward is somewhat low but enables you to grind resources without the need to go multiplayer, however with the recurring SP rewards beeing so low, using the MP to grind is still the better way to go (but not the only one anymore).All in all this game gets a big thumbs up from me and i highly recommend it to any TD-fan.I will update this review over time as the game progresses and the developers fix and/or change stuff in the game."
76561198072538332,Recommended,562500,33953712,Posted: 1 August,all,VanHoven,"Awesome Tower Defense game in the style of Kingdom Rush. It has a lot of Missions, and even more to come. The game can get quite challenging and you have to put some thought into it. For that price I'd recommend to every fan of tower defense games to try it out. Even in the early access stage there is  content for at least about 15-20h and even more if you want to complete all the challenges available.Only downside is you have to be online to play and the game can stutter from time to time, but rarely. Also the graphics are... outdated and the animations are rough. No problem for me, but dont expect shiny stuff. The way the story is told ( yeah there is a story in this TD game) is cute and cartoony.Definetly one of the better TD games in the last year!"
,Recommended,562500,30984118,Posted: 6 April,all,semeku,"Be mindful this is a review based on the Early Access version of the game. On the day of release.Pros- Slightly different from other TDs- Upgrade tree for 3 different ""classes"", meaning different upgrades for unit damage, spells or more money etcCons- Initial unlocking of stuff, upgrades etc is slow at start- No speed up-Always online, even in singleplayer ""mode"", would understand always online to be a thing for the coop/multiplayer part- If their server goes down for any reason you cannot do anything in the game, need to alt-f4 to close the game- On server crash/connection all your current progress - middle of the map - is lostAll in all, looks promising, but if you're looking for a polished TD that works offline, wait. There will be more content later as well.I really wish steam had some Neutral option, since it's pretty hard to say a definite Yes or No to this one."
76561198013081843,Recommended,562500,32824625,Posted: 26 June,all,JackHawk,"I have to say at the time of this review with nearly 60 hours played, I really enjoy this game.Pros:-Easy to pick up and play (also good price imo)-Good level of challange without driving you crazy like some TD's-Fun characters, story writing, and animation-Nice options of game modes with PvE, Co-Op, and PvP-Great leveling system for the troops you use in battle-The Dev's are very comminicative in the steam discussion forum-Weekly updatesCons:-Like any early access there are bugs (but this is to be exspected)-Wish there was a little more documentation (like a wiki or something, but again this will come later I am sure)-PvP needs some work (but Dev's have assured they are working on it)Conclusion:-If your a fan of tower defense along with leveling progression this is a great game to try out. Especially since it fairly affordable.-Yea it is early access (what isnt now a days) and some bugs exsist but they are handled fairly quickly by Dev's which is more then I can say for many early games."
,Recommended,562500,31034442,Posted: 9 April,all,Ron Perlcat,"Really great Tower Defense. Has some similarities to Kingdom Rush, but is not a carbon copy. The main thing that I didn't like about Kingdom Rush is having melee blockers on the path and the game being unplayable without utilizing them efficiently. This game takes that out. It has melee ""characters"" (read: Towers) but it's more in the vein of Defender's Quest, where they attack like a normal tower but have a very short range.Warstone TD has a neat persistant city that you upgrade throughout the game, buildings giving you access to: different troops on missions, upgrading the power of troops, and providing resources periodically (by levels completed, I believe, not by any sort of time passage.) You use the resources gained; iron, wood, magic, mithral, and gold; to purchase upgrades for your troops, which can be anything from a simple damage; range; or attack speed boost, to special abilities given to a certain unit.Probably my favorite part of the additions this brings to tower defense is the Skill trees, which are huge. Some of the skills are still being implemented, but it looks like it has great potential. An interesting part of the tree is that there are skills in the ""Warlord"" branch that allow your units to get ""ranks"" during missions after a certain amount of kills, doing more damage. This, in itself, is not new to TD games, but as an inclusion in the skill tree, it can be levelled up to reduce the amount of kills required to ""rank"" up.There are several spelling errors and questionable grammar, though not nearly as many as I would have expected from a secondary-language english developer.The story and comics are well done, and at least mildly amusing, Shattering the 4th wall at times.Fantastic game so far. Only the first few levels are currently available to play. Will try to update at a later date."
76561198172922214,Recommended,562500,31030277,Posted: 8 April,all,Reilins,"In game Warstone TD everything is done conscientiously and qualitatively.In the role of the towers are the stones of war.On these stones, we call on the defenders.Each defender has a certain weapon and a set of skills.To install a defender on the stone will need gold.Defenders can be improved.The possibility of improvements depends on what skills you have discovered in the Tree of Knowledge and what improvements have been made in the Laboratory building in between missions.All of the levels in Warstone TD are so well designed.I cannot find any faults with them at all.The early stages of the game are a tutorial stage really.The graphics in Warstone TD are really nice.They are in the cartoon style that many of us really enjoy.But they aren't so childish that they can't portray the maturity of the title.There are some really nice special effects. Everything is perfectly animated.I enjoyed this game.I would strongly recommend this game to just about anyone."
76561198139238655,Recommended,562500,30983704,Posted: 6 April,all,I See...,"The author did a very great job. The project is very high-quality.Warstone TD - It is the protection of towers, with elements of strategy. But the gameplay mechanics are very unusual. There are no towers, there are stones, instead of stones can summon warriors. Gosh, here you need to think a head, otherwise you lose. AHAHAHAH!!111pros*Great graphics*Sound quality*Unusual game mechanics*Valuable achievements*Game cardsconsneed to think)For a project in early access is very good!"
76561198284737282,Recommended,562500,31033544,Posted: 8 April,all,Medvez,"Warstone TD is a game where players must defend their realm from invading enemies.The beasts and evil trolls attempt to pass through a defended area to reach the end of the map. You’ve got a map, an access point that needs to be defended at any cost and a horde of approaching enemies.Each level is essentially a series of paths, with positions (warstones) where you can build your towers (summon a units upon warstones). The enemies attack in waves, and you need to stop them from reaching your base.The coins are earned upon each killing the enemy.There are many spells (Firewall, Lightning, Meteor, Elemental summon, Poisonous cloud, Astral warriors, Transmutation etc.), different game modes (Classic TD, PvP, Co-op missions), 3 game classes (Commander, Sorcerer, Treasurer) and big skill tree for every unit.The market is so saturated with crappy knockoffs that finding something that is simply okay is like finding treasure. Warstone TD are done with finesse relative to many other games. It feels like a finished and polished product! The game is cute, frantic and challenging. Warstone TD is very good game!"
,Not Recommended,562500,34435344,Posted: 23 August,all,kumori,"I'll cut to the core (of the bad stuff). The game is HEAVILY relying on server communications for absolutely everything. No connection and the game doesn't start. Bad connection gives you poorly synced animations, skills that miss or skills that don't even trigger. Not only in multiplayer maps, but every campaign map as well. Monster takes an arrow to the chest and loses health a second later. It's jarring to watch.So before you invest in this be aware of two things:1) If you are on a poor connection the game plays like♥♥♥♥♥ Like really bad. Perhaps it's enough to be far from the servers. (I'm in japan)2) The $10 price is a rental fee since if the popularity doesn't go up then the servers will go down (as seen again and again with other games).So buying this is a gamble. Steamcharts says there are about 30 people online at any given time, and maybe double that since the last sale (could be a local variation).There are also a bunch of bugs in the game, but the team actually seems to be on top of those.Other than that the game is good. Graphics style is cool. Gameplay is not terribly deep, but the progression is fun.Recommend?  Not right now. I wouldn't have bought it (even at sale price) if I had known what I know now. Wait a few months, maybe more. If the player base is not shrinking, and the updates keeps coming then yeah, probably safe to get then."
,Not Recommended,562500,34784609,Posted: 6 September,all,tieio,"It's not a bad game, charming really. A little too linear, very hand holdy. You decide very little, it is just following a path of buildings and unlocks, you do not make choices very often in what happens next. Not a recommended game for now."
76561197966122818,Recommended,562500,33357671,Posted: 7 July,all,BlackHole-Hurricane™,"Amazing TD game!I didnt think any tower defense game would come close to the incredible Kingdom Rush series, but this game has done it!I got this in the steam summer sale for about a fiver, i would honestly pay AAA prices that for it! brilliant game with a unique system for building characters strengths and abilities, the UI is fantastic and quite charming, showing the different settlements for your units.if you like TD games then please consider this. you'll not be disapointed!"
76561198166393357,Recommended,562500,33222966,Posted: 4 July,all,Death_Mule17,"Buy this game if you like TD, period. I have played other tower defence games where the towers are replaced by actual people (see defenders quest), and I have to say i am really enjoying this version of TD in warstone. Also has a pvp and co-opwhich is fun.I'm 20 hrs in and there is so much more to do, great game so far and it looks like there will be more additions in the upgrades at least where it says ""coming soon"" . I did purchase during the summer sale 2017 but id gladly pay full price as this game is actually worth it. Great job dev team! , and thank you for not just slapping this baby together like so many other fallen TD games have done. TLC enriched"
76561198120596048,Recommended,562500,34326434,Posted: 18 August,all,nonfrager,"Nice tower defense with cute graphics and interesting plot, it also has some interesting twists, like coop or versus.Two tiny disadvantages - music gets a bit repetitive at some point, and for now there are not too many players, so you can't play online as much as you'd like."
,Recommended,562500,33500632,Posted: 13 July,all,Theantiam,"So far its been a pretty good game. A few bugs but nothing major. I have really enjoyed playing it, especially the co-op. My husband and I can play together."
76561198079843356,Recommended,562500,33289188,Posted: 5 July,all,picollo347,"Great game overall,nice level and tower design with long time motivation to playbuilding the town while you progress in the game, fits the game wellthe attack and defense mode is kind of uniqe and makes a lot of funIf you like TD games, you will like this one as well."
76561198058366996,Recommended,562500,31691798,Posted: 11 May,all,oli.palme,"nice TD game with solid balancing and strategic demand. You have many options to upgrade and even specialize your troops (dichotomic choices increases replayability further) and your ""avatar"" skills.Have some similarities to the Kingdom Rush series, but adds a lot of own ideas (some of them are even ""new"" to the TD genre i guess). The developers are updating the game frequently as well as replying and reacting to player reports.The game is not yet finished(some minor bugs) but almost a good choice for TD fans. (It even turns me to play PvP / Coop, which i usually reject in TD games, but here its quite fun(if the player levels are comparable of course).neutral:-some levels are a bit short IMO (<5-10 waves)-some levels have mazing (in low extent)-1 level force you to send your own troops against AI (reverse TD)-upgrading your troops=towers requests to build/upgrade several building previously and ""found"" a small city that waypros:-many options for individual build up = high degree of replayability-nice artwork and music-good realization of multiplayer features-missions have 3 difficulties (affects number of waves, armor, lives etc.)  and 4 tiers (general stat improvement ) eachcons:-there is nothing i particularly dislike about the game, perhaps the grinding, but i guess this is a regular part of almost every TD game, so its ok for me. Surely there are games out there that requires much more grinding.-no indication about what enemies will show up in the next waves (perhaps just not implemented yet)I can fully recommend this title to Kingdom Rush lovers and nearly every TD fan. Other players would probably have fun too, but it depends on your personal preferences."
,Recommended,562500,30999740,Posted: 7 April,all,Wangan Warrior,"This game is great. Stayed up all night playing it when I first got it.I love the characters and locations !I just played for a little bit but the game looks pretty interestingThis game is awesome. It has very nice art, and is progressing fast.It's awesome! It's pretty easy and quick, but I love the story! I recommend it to tower defence, strategy lovers!Good game I'm a huge fan of this type of TD. Great to see people still appreciate the classics, this genre. Keep up the good work.Awesome! Been looking for games like this that don't freeze and reset every five minutes. Great quality and good story so far.For a project in early access is already very good!"
76561198052248518,Recommended,562500,31492320,Posted: 1 May,all,Wuu,Great way to chill. If you love Tower Defence type this is the one. No regrets.
76561198022163171,Not Recommended,562500,33674288,Posted: 20 July,all,RnDMonkey,"The Steam store page should really list this game as ""Online Single-player"", not ""Single-player"" because it does require you to be online to work. Not just online to connect to Steam or something, but to connect to their server.I enjoy the game, but honestly I regret purchasing it just from this technical standpoint as I think it was a poor design decision not to have offline play enabled for a tower defense game."
,Recommended,562500,30983990,Posted: 6 April,all,nd,"the very moment i saw the game i knew the style of graphics - this must be the GUARDS - the game i've played and reviewed. it appeared not the Guards, but the new game from a same developer - Warstone tower defense.I love playing tower defence games, played them a lot and this one feels to be the best tower defence game i've ever played, maaaaybe with the only exception of Graveyard - the game i've played long ago on a tablet. Anyway, now these two share the first place in a top chart of all tower defense games that i've ever played. But lets get to the detail.First, graphics, as i've already said i've knew it from the very first sight, and that was truth - design is - i'm not afraid to say - overwhelming. I just adore how everything is done - yes, maybe there some design know-hows that share both games Guards and Warstone, but that's not just ok, that's perfect when the best from Guards got a new life. Anyway - its neither too much, nor too little, great balance between what is important and what is not, great UI and great UXSecond - gameplay. Game's very addictive, greatly balanced, if you are losing lives you are definitely doing something wrong - in towerdefence games you should be very tight in resources, very exact and quick in tower building (in these game its a hero placing) than the game is interesting. If its either too hard or too easy player might lose interest in both cases. So, i will repeat, this one is great, because its balanced.and a third thing i was just not expecting to see: most of towerdefense games are just pure tower defense levels that start one after another, yes, you might get upgrades in between, but usually you don't leave the level choice interface for it. This one has a big superstructure built upon some ""general"" towerdefense - a whole another strategy world, where you talk to a magician responsible for different spells, build and upgrade whole little kingdom - like a base in any real strategy game your forces are leaving and returning to!though the game is ""early access"" the only problem i had from time to time was ""losing connection to server"" or something similar - game itself behaved perfectly.as a conclusion - there are not so many games that make me to find a developer and visit developers website. Usually these games are made by some moster big studios like Bethesda or Paradox but this small indie game, second, published in steam by a small studio is definitely one of them."
76561198008677606,Recommended,562500,32799427,Posted: 25 June,all,micmacp,I found this game very good. Seems to be updated on regular basis.
76561197977546107,Recommended,562500,33617996,Posted: 17 July,all,King Zubrus,"Disclaimer: Review as of July 17 with 50 hrs logged in game. Game still in Early Access development.Very nice TD game, has a lot of depth and the developer has clearly put a lot of thought and hardwork in to making meanigful challenges for each map. I am always on the look for new quality TD games and this is one of the better ones in a long time.Upsides:+Good graphics/UI+Flavor / Humor / Art creates nice atmosphere+Can be very challenging (good thing!!) and engaging+A fairly deep skill system and unit upgrade tree+Cool co-op mode for PVE contentDownsides:-A bit ""Grindy"" to unlock unit upgades, and resource gains seem a bit imbalanced. Wood in particular is needed for almost every combat upgrade.-Lots of bugs at the moment (Still in Early Access). These by and large do not impact core gameplay or the ability to progress.-PVP system needs quite a bit of work and balancing. Unit upgrades and items carry over into PVP, makes for lopsided matches that are frustrating for new players.-The most efficient way to gain resources is to grind PVE content. Gets old quick (hopefully new missions and objectives will fix this!)."
76561197972063497,Recommended,562500,33467696,Posted: 11 July,all,randomontherun,This game is extremely fun. Got a copy for myself and my girlfriend. She slept straight through work because we played too long.
76561197997938438,Recommended,562500,33618594,Posted: 17 July,all,Ackirta,"Amazing Tower Defense Game!  Play how you like to play, upgrade units to facilitate it, win.I do wish there was more stuff to do for Co-op, as I have a couple friends that play, but the game is early on and the developers add stuff often."
76561197983301475,Recommended,562500,35011424,Posted: 16 September,all,RabidUrko,"Awesome Tower Defence game with unique features and gameplay. Excellent storyline.Great graphics/animations together with music and sound effects.Loads of upgrades to enhance the game campaign comprising of different melee and ranged defenders and spells too, and lots of great enemies."
76561198033577862,Recommended,562500,35042052,Posted: 18 September,all,Wargain,"Lag and disconnects aside, this is a great game with heaps of potential. Well done."
,Recommended,562500,35029827,Posted: 17 September,all,quietis,"I'm happy to say I can recommend this game. I keep coming back to it, and haven't gotten bored. There are some UI issues where it's unclear what you should be doing to advance in the game, and you can get stuck from moving forward unless you figure that out. Player v Player is also currently unbalanced; due to the small player base you can get unfairly matched with people high above your player level. It's getting better with every update, and they keep adding content, so this is a game you will keep playing despite the bugs still to be worked out.Overall a well-balanced game with some nice flexibility in the game play and upgrades. One of the more engaging tower defense games."
76561197969692639,Recommended,562500,33679189,Posted: 20 July,all,Sharkblood,"I have a soft spot for tower defense games, I just can't stop playing them...Probably because im lazy and I typically only need to use one hand to play.  That being said, this is one of my favorites.  I love leveling up each individual skill/building/tower person.  If you have even a passive interest in tower defense, I can't fathom you not enjoying this game.  Very responsive devs and updates as well.  Thanks guys!"
76561198276474643,Recommended,562500,33902534,Posted: 30 July,all,Shy,"Hey, thanks for the developers to make such a fun tower defense game, whether it is the diversity of trees or branches of the skills are deeply attracted me, from a game mode I feel than the Kingdom rush rich a lot, only let me feel troubled is playing online will not too fluent in China, hope that the developers can do better, play it the game I will recommend to my friends"
,Recommended,562500,34902705,Posted: 12 September,all,°|FC|° Snake Plissken,Pretty well dont TD game. Dev is activly listening to the community and killing bugs. Regular content updates make this something i keep coming back to.
76561198041163905,Recommended,562500,32555565,Posted: 18 June,all,trampingaround,"Kind of surprised that the reviews are so overwhelmingly positive.  I mean, I am upvoting, but the game is really, really unpolished at this point.  Missing lots of features,really poor screen mechanics(see update),horribleimproving translation, and still a bit buggyas hell(I watched a counter reach zero and then continue into the negative forever, lol).So why the upvote?  Because it is early access, and overall I am enjoying the direction of it.  Just be warned that in its current form, it is challenging to play at times.  There's some cheap deaths ahead of you caused by poorly coded game mechanics.  But I think they will get a lot of that straightened out with time.  Here's to hoping that the devs burn the midnight oil on this one, 'cause I am excited to see what it looks like in its final form.And for the folks that say this is a clone of Kingdom Rush, I'd have to say that while it certainly is borrowing a little from the art of it, overall it is its own entity.  Besides, I enjoyed Kingdom Rush, so why wouldn't I want to see more similar content?  There's a bit of resource management town building here which adds to the depth. And there appears to be a multiplayer direction in the works, but I can't imagine that it works well at this point.  I haven't even tried.Update ---  I found that I was able to overcome one of my biggest complaints regarding the screen mechanics by click-dragging the screen around.  It wasn't intuitive to figure that out on my own.  I had tried arrow-keys and awsd to move the screen and those didn't work.  Zooming using the mouse wheel didn't work either, but dev Rurik pointed out that there is also a zoom feature in the upper right corner.  I didn't notice that either.  I was trying to screw around with the screen resolution without much success.  As for the translation, Rurik asked me to help with the localization, so it should start getting a bit more polished...tl;dr -  Caveat emptor at this point, but it is moving in the right direction."
,Recommended,562500,33827558,Posted: 27 July,all,RaZiDe,You would never have thought a small game like this could be this much fun :)Love tower defence games since custom games in warcraft 3 and this game takes it to a whole other level.Great game 10\10.
76561197995722642,Recommended,562500,31544490,Posted: 4 May,all,Makrel,"Note: I bought game 2 days ago based on Mack's review.I have just shy of 10 hours in your game and I have to say that you are doing great work and I wish you luck with further development and reaching new players.Game is great and it hits all points I want in regards to fun TD with some progress outside of actual TD.There are of course points that need to improve as this is EA in development:Please dont push us into PVP.No farming option for resource gain (Farming Wood is insane) as well no offline/passive gain.Possible progress walls caused by lack of resources combined with increase of difficulty in only available missions.No rewards from missions once they are cleared with Star. Related to point above.Speed increase is missing as of current version.Dialog window showing my units from city view so I can review stats and possibly check out future units I might get.Never played COOP in TD before and it is fun, but it needs: Better chat (black font on black borders) and some way to gain coins even with overpowered coop player.Some explanation as to when can I get new units. Just got Wolf and I have no idea how others got Witchers and Knights.Daily quests and some activites that can make me Play even while waiting for future updates.I had my share of fun with your game and got to level 15 and now I have to farm Wood to get upgrades > finish quest > open mission and again (Wood is really killer of progress)Therefore I will be waiting for future updates or implementation of resource farming.Thank you again."
76561197979984471,Recommended,562500,34195251,Posted: 12 August,all,DonSchoko,"So, my first review after 12 years on Steam. Warstone is easy to learn and horribly hard to master, it is designed to keep you entertained for a long time, in my opinion absolutely worth the price if you like TDs in general.Soloplay:I really enjoyed the campaign, there are more than enough units with 1-4 ingame-upgrades, each of the towers is needed and makes sense. 3 scenarios with 4 difficulties each. You'll get new possibilities to constantly upgrade units after nearly each mission. After some time you'll get daily farm, I wasn't expecting that this keeps me coming back nearly every day to play a bit, but it did. Expect to upgrade for (at least?) half a year if you would want each update or replay a ton of games. I am miles away from getting all upgrades and I will never get them all, for the first playthrough you don't need a lot of them, you'll get enough during the campaign. It will take at least 15h just the clear the campaign on normal difficulty.The campaign starts that easily, that I desided the play it on the highest available difficulty setting without leaks from the start... I ended up playing some of the missions on ""easy"" just to barely survive. In order get the a gold star you'll have to fulfill a condition (like not to build a certain tower) and have no leaks, i still fail to get some gold stars on the easiest scenario. In some missions on harder settings I still don't have a clue how to even survive, but i feel it's possible. So i retry from time to time with a new idea on my mind and sometimes it works.You'll have a nice time and use some of you brains to get to the end.Multiplayer:Coop: In order the get all stars and upgrades, you'll ""have to"" play Coop for some time, at first i didn't like the idea to be ""forced"" to mp, but it's really fun, especially since a friend of mine got the game. If you dont have someone to play with, it can take some time to find a game, sometimes really strong players help you to get a star in an early mp-lvl, i really liked that. In order to just finish the campaign it is not needed to play any MP.PvP: First of all, yes I repeat myself, you don't need to PvP. I didn't PvP a single time, i somehow dislike that all the upgrades count in PvP, so I guess the 10 most farmed players are constanly winning. I would be reconsidering if there is a setting that both are on the exact same tech-lvl somehow or have the same lvl. But generally I don't care about PvP in a TD.All in all I consider Warstone TD absolutely worth the price and time playing it, really a good TD with some smart dev's, they still really try to improve the game and are responding quickly in the forum. Give it a try, you won't regret it. :)"
76561198008322068,Recommended,562500,32001879,Posted: 27 May,all,splancer,"Great example of tower defense game.  This game is not complete, and has a stack of content.   Upgrades for every unit, spells, and three leadership trees.  I had a minor issue with one mission and devs fixed same day."
,Recommended,562500,30986110,Posted: 6 April,all,Smoshi,"This game has been a joy to play. I've been playing TD games since Age of Empires TD scenarios back in 1999. This game adds so much to the genre and best of all, it's not even a finished game yet. There's still loads of content to be added on top of the already huge amount of content ready to explore.Note: This review is for the Early Access version of Warstone TDPros:- PvP- Co-op- Huge tech trees- Multiple classes with upgrades using resources- Questing system- Challenging (you can't sell units unless you unlock the tech so you have to be extra careful where and who you place)- Market place where you can buy spell scrolls and stuff. Basically, they're temporary spells but adds another layer to the gameCons:- Some quests are co-op quests which may be hard to do when there's a low population- Always online but may help in case of cheaters? Maybe.- No speed up. I asked a dev, he said this is because of their server but they can look to add this in the futureFor the price, I'd say it's worth it if you're a TD fan. Thank you devs for this gem."
76561198381209586,Recommended,562500,33274888,Posted: 5 July,all,esisco,I love this game! Hours of fun.
76561198008424546,Recommended,562500,33329247,Posted: 6 July,all,Saskets,"The game is in early development, but it is an enjoyable tower defense game so far"
,Not Recommended,562500,34574891,Posted: 29 August,all,jackisch,"Game is quite laggy for me, which is not fun.Also a few bugs are killing the game for me. Good first impression. Waste of money now. Regret."
76561197988315588,Recommended,562500,32429912,Posted: 15 June,all,RitualMurder,Enjoying the game so far. Still under work devs are active hoping for more good things!
76561198086866124,Recommended,562500,33898097,Posted: 29 July,all,Palmer Deadbeat,"Wonderful game so far. Is there any chance this game will be playable offline though? I mean, I'm playing a single player tower defense game that I have to be online for. Doesn't make sense to me. People could argue aren't you constantly connected to the internet anyways? Yes, but it's not very good and I somehow manage to lag. My clicks don't register immediately."
,Recommended,562500,33708669,Posted: 21 July,all,Lavitalan,"It's early access so what can I say that isn't expected?I've spent 80 hours, so yeah I enjoy the game.Developer responds to bug reports quickly, so it's a splendid experience thus far."
76561198057563545,Recommended,562500,33045876,Posted: 30 June,all,Xorha,Awesome TD!
,Recommended,562500,33442165,Posted: 10 July,all,Adlen ~ [TDF],"A great TD game, getting better every update.It have quite a lot of things to do, with quests, unit upgrades and ""village"" constructions. It´s TD model have more than one gameplay style, witch requires some strategy for each one.The storyline it´s funny and interesting, but short enough to focus on the TD elements.After all that, it have some multiplayer, with coop and versus modes.If you like TD games, it is more than worth it´s value."
,Recommended,562500,35409980,Posted: 2 October,all,JustHATER,"Well... after 15 hours of gameplay i can recommend this game for guys who didnt play tower defence games yet.In this game we get a lot of good things from different td games. In my opinon this game is too long for common players with pretty boring story line, but still it could be the best TD game in steam after early acces. my score of the game is 7/10 for the reasons above."
76561198094269604,Recommended,562500,35383115,Posted: 1 October,all,Aziz,really nice TD with a story!
76561198051547341,Recommended,562500,35232790,Posted: 26 September,all,Delimon,"For now I'm just going to write about my experiences with the game and why I recommend playing this productAs you can see I spent 20 bucks on a game and played it for over 50 hours and honestly I didn't find myself disliking most of the game.This is a pure tower defense game that uses mana to keep the player active and attentive to what is happening during the game.You have 3 classes to play as and get more distinct as you level. The warrior is a raw power class that focuses on buffing units and sending them to the battle quickly and amassing a numbers advantage. The Sorceror uses spells to his advantage to actively deal with the enemy at hand with much larger mana pools to use than the other 2 classes. The Treasurer is a gold based class that brings some serious firepower to the table and actively plays by removing and creating new units quickly.You can refund your skill tree for free and craft it however you like. You can also freely mix skill trees and take the stats that you value the most. For example I value archers morethen mercinaries so I focused more on buffing them using the warrior path while grapping the 15 starting gold from the treasurer path.The gameplay is interesting enough to keep it from getting stale. There are different objects, difficulty levels, and also 2 different game types one being TD mode and another being a mix of an assault/TD defense modeEach unit has several upgrades and special abilities that you will need to take on harder difficulties. I will say that this game does have a grind to keep you busy but the developers plan on lowering that eventually and making it easier for everyone which is something else I want to talk about.The devs are active in the community and will respond to you. I seriously haven't seen this in a very long time so thumbs up to the devs for staying active with their community.As for my final statement quite a bit of the game is still being developed and the game is changing for the better as its still in early access but for 50+ hours worth of gameplay this sure was worth it for only 20 dollars.I definitely recommend this game if you like TDs it is definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,562500,35242195,Posted: 27 September,all,Fibby,"I give this game two thumbs up!This Tower-defense game looks similar to games such as Kingdom Rush. That is where the comparison ends, however. You do not have personal heroes to fight on your behalf. Rather, you invest into three school of skills as you level up.The skills are divided in magic, warlord and treasurer. The magic skills improve your mana pool, your prowess with casting spells on the battlefield like an angry god. The treasurer skills improve your ability to earn and to spend gold on towers/warriors more efficiently. Finally, the warlord mostly improve your warriors' strengths. (The knights hit harder, the archers shoot further, for instance.)The campaign is lengthy, ranging over 33 missions, (mostly solo play, with a healthy mix of PvP and Coop missions throw in for a measure.) PvP is exactly that- you play against another player by beefing up your warriors to send against the other players while also beefing up your own defense. The trick is to find the correct balance between allocating your resources between the two. While Coop is two players (you and another random player) setting up defense against an onslaught of AI-controlled waves.Even then, each mission has three stars you can earn, by achieving certain goals (Example- complete a mission without casting spells). Finally, each star can be achieved in terms of difficulty- bronze for easy, silver for normal and gold for hard difficulty.This allows for many replays, both for resources and for experience as you level up your own personal avatar. I've been playing for a while, and even then there's still many more stars and achievements for me to earn yet.I've not even touched up the ability to upgrade your army with resources, the ability to earn resources by building things such as a gold mine, or the ability to upgrade your spells by investing into them at the mage tower, the rewards you can earn by completing the quests given to you, and so much more.On the surface, it seems like another gimmicky tower-defense game, but it is surprisingly and delightfully deep, more comparable to  games such as Gemcraft than anything else.TLDR; This game rocks. If you're a fan of tower-defense games, get this! It's a must-have for your collection."
,Recommended,562500,32859894,Posted: 27 June,all,Misaki,"an quite decent Tower Defense, I''ve stuck to it longer than I have with mostThe Co-op misions are an nice idea, but fall somewhat short at times due to an lack of shared resources, so in most instances the better ""equipped"" player (you can level up your towers between levels) just takes care of the mission while the lower level one just sits there (been on both sides of the coin)PvP is the Send-units-to-gain-income and build towers to counter the units that your opponent sends style, which is decent fun - but not something I personally go for. Occasional mission against the AI also features this modeOverall an TD that I found far more to my liking than I'd thought I would, would recommend giving it a try (especially if/when it is on a sale)"
76561197981497316,Recommended,562500,35076848,Posted: 19 September,all,ubergud,"I was pleasantly surprised by the blend of Tower Defense gameplay with RPG elements.  The TD elements make it easy to take in small doses, and the RPG elements keep you coming back."
,Recommended,562500,31010098,Posted: 7 April,all,fan78,"Gosh, Warstone TD, at last she came out!!! I was waiting for her for a long time, because I really liked the style of the game and the genre. And so....thisIncredible game, this game is amazing! Making units, fighting trolls,  is fun and the events are great too! Love it!Awesome TD/strategy style game!!Amazing The game itself is very good - amazing sprites, and the gameplay is cool!I was looking for a decent TD to really sink my teeth into and a friend of mine recommended it.After playing for almost 2 hours I can definitely say its one of the best games out there. Really addicting and goodBest game i played this year :)"
,Recommended,562500,34795966,Posted: 7 September,all,Wynathan,"A great combination of Tower Defence and RPG genres, that has presumably been made somewhere in Russia using but Unity and imagination.In addition to addictive single-player gameplay, there are nice soundtrack, amusing plot and a few coop/pvp missions.And all that is just in an early access! Totally worth it."
76561198010523272,Recommended,562500,34863188,Posted: 10 September,all,Morbius,"I have played maybe up to two dozen Tower-Defense games or so and I love the genre.Warstone is - in my oppinion - among the very best.Since it is not yet finished, that is promising indeed. The devs (if it is more than one) improve the game regularly and add more content.The fact that you can also play PvP battles is also a pro - reminds me of Tower Wars, though the latter is quite a different TD game.There is more than one possible approach to any given mission, which speaks for the depth of the game.If you like Tower Defense games, you should definitely buy this one.If you are new to the genre, get Defense Grid 1, Plants vs Zombies or Warstone TD, would be my recommendation.2 thumbs up - I'm happy I stumbled across Warstone - great game :)"
76561198035890262,Recommended,562500,31185732,Posted: 16 April,all,Super IT,"Its beta but good and comic at same time, i realy like the customization where you spend the xp points and the idea of the co-op missiosn with a friend or a random dudeEdit : the staff is opened to new ideas or suggest and they are capable to make them realy fast."
76561198010365747,Recommended,562500,31126202,Posted: 13 April,all,Boyinleaves,"EDIT 9/5/17: Devs are updating the game regularly based on feedback from players. It keeps improving, and the later levels have more interesting mechanics and variety added to them.Great little TD game with a huge amount of potential. Developers respond quickly to feedback and issues and clearly have a lot of passion for what they're making.I sat down and played for 6 hours straight and finished everything currently available to play, and now I'm looking forward to more.Good variety of level types so far, some focused on tactics, some on mazing, a couple that are more action than traditional TD, but show that the creators are actually interested in being creative rather than just derivative. There are even PVP and COOP levels (!!!! \o/), both of which work really well (though you'll have to put some effort in to find someone to play with - not a lot of players yet).If you like TD games, this is a no-brainer, pick it up and enjoy, was worth my $10 even in its current state."
,Recommended,562500,32216137,Posted: 6 June,all,TheMvS,"So far, a pretty good model of how a TD is supposed too be.Multiple upgrades for every tower.Different damage types working better/worse vs different armor types.Solid story so far, not that it matters or need to be that great as long as the mechanics are good and levels are a good challange.There is also a special map, where you play a hero tower, this i really like. It gives new a strategy and pure micromanagement way to win the map.At the moment, there are some bugs. But thats early accesse for you. Not a big problem for me, since i've already enjoyed playing this TD.Price 9.99 ? Totaly worth it, Since the game is not done yet, i'm expecting i will play for alot of more hours.And the different tech patchs for towers add some replay abillity, if you wanna try out some new strategys.This is a gem in the making, totaly recommended!Cheers!"
,Recommended,562500,30983871,Posted: 6 April,all,Jimmybeaver,"REVIEW UPDATE ; glad i put my review in positive, devs are working and updating game as offen as they can. Now I can half fix my review ...Pro's : It's a tower defence game that allows me to place people as towers: You can sell towers when you upgrade skills, loads of upgrades: Multi player works and is smooth: You can now speed up roundCon's ; A few bugs (but is early access), only able to speed up to 3 times (Maybe 1-5) for busy people would be good , alot of grinding, having to click on a silly wizard speech bubble to get to next quests. (They dont make this very clear)This is a Tower defence game , it tries to bring something new, and does cram alot of upgrades and stories, and half achive's it. But you can spend more time upgrading your base to get enough resorses to get to next map, instead of acually having fun playing tower defence maps.Recommend waiting till on special and or finished updating and out of early access, but glad to support a fun TD gameP.S - Keep on updating cheers"
76561198070224957,Recommended,562500,34737438,Posted: 4 September,all,Yory Lugnarth,"TL;DR,English: Great independant game with INFINITE potential wich worth the price it cost, despite some bugs, attributable to ""in developement"" statue, counterbalanced by regular updates. You can get it in a heartbeat !Français: Excellent jeu independant au potentiel INFINI qui vaut le coup pour le prix qu'il coûte malgrès quelques bugs, imputablent au fait qu'il soit en dévellopement, contre-balancés par des mises à jour régulières. Vous pouvez vous l'offrir les yeux fermés !Complete version |Version complète |English:This game is a brut diamond wich need to be polished and the developement team is polishing it, slowly but surely.When you get in this game for the first time, you don't necessarily see the big picture. You play the campaign, entertained by the story, the progressive discovery of all the big or little features wich make the richness of the game, the upping, the quests and the unlocking of the various kind of tower / units.Then as one goes along, you realize how this game have as customization, how it allows the user to play his own playstyle and how it allows the player to try all the playstyle he want. And this is not a luxury since you'll be facing some challenge regarding the number of difficulty mode available.You know what is the best in that colorfull describing i just made ?It's only the beggining of your journey through Warstone TD !When you are there, you can begin the serious things: PVE AND PVP LADDER.Both will give you really serious challenge in (of course) differente ways.PVE ladder will challenge your adapting capacity.PVP ladder will challenge your optimisation-in-regards-to-your-playstyle capacity.And you can trust me, it's damn stimulating !Of course, i'll not fool you; Warstone TD is not perfect. It have some balance issues, some bugs, and all the game is not available yet.But, it's ""in developement"" and logical to consider it not finish yet.Speaking of that, the developement team is really active, they're really affordable, launch updates and bug-patch regularly and last but not least, you can really sense their commitment to this game and it's community.To conclude either you're a TD fan or not, you can buy this game, wich will certainly become a standard, in a heartbeat.Français:Ce jeu est un diamant brut qui ne demande qu'a être polie et c'est ce que font les dévellopeurs, doucement mais sûrement.Quand on joue à Warstone TD pour la première fois, on ne se rends pas forcement compte de son potentiel. On joue la campagne, pris par l'histoire, la découverte progressive des petites ou des grandes fonctionnalités qui font la richesse du jeu, le upping, les quêtes et le dévérouillages des différentes toures / unités.Puis petit à petit, on réalise combien ce jeu est customisable, combien il permet au joueur de choisir son propre style de jeu et combien il permet au joueur de tester tout les styles de jeu qu'il veut. Et c'est pas du luxe vu le challenge que vont opposer les différents modes de difficulté.Et vous connaissez le meilleur dans cette description coloré et chatoyante que je viens de vous faire ?C'est seulement le début du voyage à travers les vertes contrées de Warstone TD !Arrivé à ce point, c'est là que les choses sérieuses commences: les LADDER PVP ET PVE.Et les deux vont réellement et de façon différentes vous proposer un vrai challenge.Le ladder PVE va faire appel à votre capacité d'adaptation.Le ladder PVP va faire appel à votre capacité d'optimisation par rapport à votre style de jeu.Et vous pouvez me croire c'est sacrément stimulant !Alors bien sûr je vais pas vous mentir, Warstone TD n'est pas parfait. Il y a quelques soucis d'équilibrage, quelques bugs par ci par là et certaines parties du jeu ne sont pas encore disponibles.Bon, en même temps il est en dévellopement donc c'est normal qu'il ne soit pas tout à fait fini.A ce propos, l'équipe de dévellopement est très active, ils sont abordables et sympatiques, sortent mises-à-jour et patch régulièrement et on sent vraiment leur engagement envers leur jeu et sa communauté.Pour finir, que vous soyez un fan de TD ou non, vous pouvez acheter ce jeu, qui est certainement un futur standard, les yeux fermés."
,Recommended,562500,33243445,Posted: 4 July,all,balor,Very impressive product.  One of the best TD games out there
76561198006616901,Recommended,562500,31847430,Posted: 19 May,all,strikers,"Enjoying the game so far, its still in development but has lots of potential, the basics are there and look forward to the added content. The only thing I dont like is once you have finished the campain you have to rely on PVP and Coop matches to farm resources, simply not enough players online to play often enough and your there stairing at a screen waiting for games to play or someone to join you.....PVP and Coop to me are a waste of time, should be able to do this as a single player."
76561198380294393,Recommended,562500,34748596,Posted: 4 September,all,GrindinGearz,"ProsGreat TD, lots of content, good amount of missions. Good design.Hopefully full game will contain many more missions.ConsThe progression is a bit messy, especially when saying where the next quests are.The need to grindLack of players for PVPGreat for TD fans!"
76561198033056408,Recommended,562500,34371202,Posted: 20 August,all,Rai,"funny, easy-to-learn, hard-to-master TD with coop and competitive modes. definite recommendation"
76561198119847741,Recommended,562500,31093775,Posted: 12 April,all,pirodo‘s fans,Though a lot imperfect thing but still a good TD game
76561198009614137,Recommended,562500,30984153,Posted: 6 April,all,Emilim,"Game Warstone TD with single, PvP and Co-op missions, classes system, various spells and other content.Warstone TD is highly colorful game and has dashes of humor, and is an absolute joy to play.The graphics is great and the sound effects are good. Plenty of achievments that unlock during the game.The difficulty level is well balanced.We have a town that we are building.There are no towers, there are stones for warriors.You have to stop the enemy units.If you aren't sure if you like tower defense games, try this one, you will like it.Charming game.Even enemys was either adorable or cute.This is a really fun game.The art style is very nice and clean.If you like tower defense games i would definitely recommend this game."
76561198027026653,Recommended,562500,34766931,Posted: 5 September,all,ΩΨΩ,"A decent TD game that i have enjoyed,it has a lot of content and extras that i wasnt expecting and a lot of scope for upgrades.I can happily recommend this game to all fans of TD style games,sure it has a few quirks,but so do all games and the dev is very good at responding to comments and fixing things as he goes along which is good.Im looking forward to the next chapter of this game.Good game ;)"
76561198043206903,Recommended,562500,31486903,Posted: 1 May,all,---Leech---,"After a bit further in the game i have to update my review! I initially gave it a thumbs down (and so did some readers of my review :P ), because i had trouble with some bugs. The Developer was so kind and fixed them very quickly - which i never experienced from my other early access titles. This is awesome :) Overall the content delivered is worth the price and worth your buy!>> GameplayThere are 4 main towers: Peasant, Archer, Rifleman and Novice. You can upgrade each unit and unlock further abilities or strenghten them.You can earn gold, wood, stone, elexir, mithril. With this you can purchase upgrades, town buildings and items. There are many upgrades available for each of the 4 main units and some more. The town buildings produce some ressources, or you can play coop or pvp to gain them. On a market you can purchase items to use during a battle - i prefer to not use them if possible :)With more experience you can upgrade either your Warlord, Wizard or Treasurer skills depending on your playstyle. This gives you a lot of possibilities to advance.+ Nice style / overall graphics+ Sound+ Coop-Mode+ PvP+ Startup with choosing of monitor, size, fullscreen which i use often to change if i want to play it nearby while doing something else :)- Buggy sometimes- Balancing still work in progress, but overall ok- Required to play PvP or Coop to advance further in the game (this will change in the future) eg. play the Coop Mission ""Collaboration"" to gain further wood, ""the two mountains"" to gain iron and ""the horror of Dark Forest"" to gain elexir.- Some Missions have ""Will be available in the next update"" tag (just so you know, but not unexpected for an early access)I had some difficulties at the beginning to advance further in the game. Make sure you always finish all possible mission in the town hall. They will enable further buildings or enable maps to play. Not all content is yet available, so it's very promising for the future as i think the main playstyle is fun."
76561198040476475,Recommended,562500,31630425,Posted: 8 May,all,Smokey,"This is a promising looking TD game there still are in early access and getting a lot of things added and changed already it got several hours worth of gameplay even if you not want to do any pvp stuff, so think this is safe to recommend and else i ove you a cheese burger ;)Ps. there are many on forum willing to add you and let you win and visa versato make the grind better :)"
76561197991472960,Recommended,562500,31938139,Posted: 24 May,all,Blondi,"if this releases im afraid this will be one of the better td games here on steam......hahahah. afraid :Dto be com,pletely honest, the game is missing a few ""features""  like attack priority and resetting your progress is only possible by asking the devs...."
,Recommended,562500,33954175,Posted: 1 August,all,stratosphere,good game
,Recommended,562500,31013515,Posted: 8 April,all,DevideByZer0,"Game is a fun strategy based tower defence. Character designs are pretty original.I'm a big fan of TD games that require some thinking.Yes, the difficulty of this game isn't exactly the hardest, but it's fun to play and with all the heroes you could acquire, it has a lot of possibilities. Not exactly the most challenging game I've ever played, but I encourage everyone who likes the TD-series to play it.Given the amount of chars and skills, this forces a lot of tedious grinding to max out levels.I like the game, and will continue to play it for now.There are many classes that are generally well balanced.Seemed like a lot when I first started, because I'm the type who likes to read everything and understand before jumping in, but after playing for a bit, it's not difficult at all.Can I recommend this game? Oh sure!"
76561198117396977,Recommended,562500,32602441,Posted: 20 June,all,ewokee,"what to say. if you like tower defense games, buy it. :)"
,Recommended,562500,31039389,Posted: 9 April,all,neonsun2004,"Warstone TD - the best TD game ever seen for me. Cool art, epic music and good story. Game is still in early access but already playeble without critical bugs (i`ve not noticed any). Developers periodicly adding new levels, units, features and fixing minor bugs. I wish good luck you guys! I doing very good game.As for steam users and TD fans i strongly recommend do not miss this game!"
76561198339164735,Recommended,562500,33092988,Posted: 1 July,all,WarNipples,Addicted
76561198063321318,Recommended,562500,31052125,Posted: 9 April,all,Turtle,Developer very helpful when addressing bugs. Don't skip prologue mission or it will cause game to bug out however that should be fixed soon.
76561198014022282,Recommended,562500,33033521,Posted: 30 June,all,liwei,fun and callenging
76561198080959416,Recommended,562500,34476642,Posted: 25 August,all,Grotesque,As a big TD fan I was sceptical at first. Now i gotta say this is one of better TDs ive played in years. Keep up the good work devs.
,Recommended,562500,31286933,Posted: 21 April,all,puh puh puh pirate ghost!,"Really fun and unique TD so far. Definitely some similarities to the Kingdom Rush series, but has some great unique aspects. Looking forward to see this grow."
76561198006908388,Recommended,562500,34219241,Posted: 13 August,all,Krizsan,"It's like a classic browser TD gameplay with multiplayer elements and no microtransactions. Fun and promising!- love the fun classic graphics- mostly classic TD gameplay (tower + spells, xp + skill tree...)- alternative gameplays (solo hero map, 1v1 PvE, coop, 1v1 PvP...)- different modes for each map map (normal, challenge, etc.)- 4 difficulty levels for each mode- some farm, but not very intensiveAs for the bad things, I haven't seen anything horrible: the game still need some balance, for sure, but it's not buggy or really unbalanced. Still missing some help bubbles and descriptions though, but most things are pretty clear and intuitive."
,Recommended,562500,31059708,Posted: 10 April,all,Looney [Less than three],"Looking at this game I can say that it is really cool. I've bought it and didn't notice how I lost half an hour of my time.It is very beautiful and music is nice too, it makes a great atmosphere.I am not the fan of this type of games, but this game hooked me and I'll be happy to play it, when there'll be some leisure time.Pros:► great picture, everything is very beautiful► nice atmosphere► music also good► communication between player and story persons► many skills► great amount of enemiesCons:► little bit buggy (it is early access, so it will be fixed in future updates) but it doesn't stir the gameplayNice game and one of the best in others from this type.I can put 9 from 10 and I believe that this game will take place in your ""favorites"" library."
76561198004174990,Recommended,562500,34168393,Posted: 11 August,all,Chro'Tal,"I'd say it is OK. Not overly complex, not very pretty or anythign really great.However it is worth 10 bucks for sure and better than the average TD game on your phone."
,Recommended,562500,31609580,Posted: 7 May,all,Beloron,"Игра ещё не доделана, но очевидна попытка собрать все самое лучшее, что есть в жанре Tower Defence. И, судя по всему, попытка вполне успешная. При этом, довольно неплохо реализован мультиплеер и интересные нововведения.Пока есть проблемы с балансом, но регулярные обновления пытаются их исправить и прогресс есть. Рекомендую игру всем любителям жанра, своих денег она стоит несомненно."
76561197993288786,Recommended,562500,31474056,Posted: 30 April,all,Invest,Awesome tower defense game! Is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,562500,31060724,Posted: 10 April,all,Finn,+ Amazing HD remaster+ New tower types!+ Great performance+ Amazing upgrades / unlock system+ Motivates you to keep playing daily+ Great amount of maps+ It has coop online that works!
76561198029945420,Recommended,562500,31788350,Posted: 16 May,all,drsopbeen,Fun game. Co-op and PvP a nice addition. Highly recommended.
76561198047193316,Recommended,562500,31415725,Posted: 28 April,all,SG.WillyStrong,"Nice TD game!I like the story and funny comicses. I really like what you could pass the level with different styles, beacause of 3 game classes. I like what every level has new features and elements. And playing co-op levels is really interesting."
76561197968895517,Recommended,562500,34110347,Posted: 8 August,all,Lask1,Very good Tower Defence game!
76561198187143773,Recommended,562500,32512674,Posted: 17 June,all,Kareal,"Like it, but it is still at EA. I feel like I was playing a good mobile game app rather than a PC game."
,Recommended,562500,31051314,Posted: 9 April,all,vittoria,"This game is absoulutely awesome!intro.i'm not sure i've ever seen any intro in most of tower defence games that i've ever played. but i'm reckoned that usually if a game has some intro, usually its a better game than without - or - in other words - game should worth making intro for it )warstone greets you with neatly done intro that immediately shows you a gameplay and opens a story - great user experience where small, short, quick piece of recorded gameplay just teases you what is going to be next.tutorial.tutorial is usually another thing bad games don't have and good games have. I've met couple of games i just didn't realize how to play until i found some video on tube ))) here you have a magician and some kind of ""God's hand"" that arrives from a sky and give you the basics when you are towerdefense newbie or useful hints.this kind of tutorial is another greatly developed, сarefully thought out solution when you don't have to play separate boring ""tutorial"" game chapter, but instead just play the game, seamlessly and transparently immersing into its world.tower defense.in fact, in this game you don't have towers (or maybe i just didn't play it long enought yet) - instead of towers you have heroes - and i think it changes the game perception a lot. especially adding a possiblity to make a great level where you both attact and defend: one units stop walking enemies, other units walk the route while enemy plays tower defence trying to stop your forces! i've never seen anything similar in any tower defense game before - and yes, these are units instead of towers that made this real - because walking towers would be nonsense :)))base.usually most towerdefence games has one single ui where only levels are changing, and some popups appear - this one has a whole big city base where  you build different buildings that open new units, you have magician to tell you a big and interesting story with lots of details, the market where you can buy the spells, arena, where you make multiplayer games - that - attention - are part of mission!gameplay.after all these things i wrote about you might be already reckoned that its a game of good quality, but you didn't yet try the gameplay - and its absolutely fabulous - games not quite hard to make you to refuse trying over and over, buts its quite competitive when you feel  you can win if you try little better, and, then, you can get a star if you try little harder once more. stars are not given just for perfect lavels, but for achieving a special condition in a perfect level, which, again, makes each level and a process of getting each star more interesting.most tower defence games are predictable - when you can just get the biggest gun and stop all enemies waves; warstone is greatly balanced and that keeps you immersed: the very moment  you thing everything is under control you get some new kind of monsters that are invulnerable to your current troops and  you need to make new desicions, use magic, use lightning, magician comes out with fresh hint,  you are always limited with resources - so you cannot waste them...early access.i was expecting something is still being developed - but i got the game that works and performs perfectly. perhaps the only thing about ""early access"" is that levels are added while i play! once i entered the game a collaborative level was promiced, the next day it was already present!conclusion.this is a game that should be voted for and should be getting the big international prizes, media attention, and love of gamers, as it perfectly does what a game is invented for - it entertains, it makes you rest, it makes you PLAY."
76561197999815580,Recommended,562500,32926173,Posted: 28 June,all,Tripz0r,"Rly nice Tower Defense game!Besides that Its awesome to see that devs are taking their jobs serious, helping players, responding on forums and communicating about what they do and also why they do it :PI havent seen many steam games where this has been the case, and the game isnt even finished yet!!Ppl should realize the above facts and show some respect to devs. Afaik they are only 3 guys working on this game, so keeping the amount of man-power in mind, its going absolutely great!Cheers out!Tripz0r"
76561197973490415,Recommended,562500,33052345,Posted: 30 June,all,Hamdre,"Really enjoy this game, abit grindy but all in all a pretty good game with frequent updates."
,Recommended,562500,34758980,Posted: 5 September,all,Phantom Lord,I like it. At first I felt cheated that it has the same graphics (enemies) from the gameGuards. As a TD game though it stands pretty decent. Nice.
76561198019111849,Recommended,562500,34693685,Posted: 2 September,all,Kenshi,a fun little tower defense game with some resource management for permanant upgrades to your towers at a town
,Recommended,562500,34531393,Posted: 27 August,all,dashing,"Great game, more in depth than a regular TD game. Lots of upgrades and ways to adapt the game to your style of play. Sometimes a bit rough, but hey, it's alpha. Highly recommended for TD enthusiasts."
76561197961096303,Recommended,562500,34746177,Posted: 4 September,all,tomato soup,"This was a game that was very barebones when I originally purchased, but it had the heart of the old school WC3 TD games I loved. The developer has continually added new units, content, enemies, spells and much more through constant updates. Overall it is probably the best TD I have purchased within the last year."
76561198048928488,Recommended,562500,33984087,Posted: 2 August,all,t.stef,very enjoyable game with a lot of content and a the potential for a number of different modes of play.  The dev seem very engaged and working on improving and adding to the game
,Recommended,562500,35350771,Posted: 30 September,all,Do your best,"Warstone TD - it's something  new in Tower Defence genre. Battlecruiser Games - made it with a lot of love. U will feel it after first minutes in WTDThis game has own history/style/coop and MEMES (i'm not joking)Advantages:1) Original communication with support - u just need create a post for it.2) Good sense of humour - after intruduction (terrible prediction) game crash a 4th wall and start talk with u. (U need see that)3) Graphic -  Game look's like old graphic novel (not enough bright for me) with 3 styles of graphic.4) Development of building - You got own country and must creat a strong town with army.5) Multiplayer - That was a surprice this game have a coop and PvP. Just 1 problem - low online =/6) Price - for RU client u need pay only 6 dollars (it's not price for this game)7) Complexity with the development of the village - It's not stupid game, u need to use ur brain and spend resources rightDisadvantages:1) Not enougth resources - U need wait 24 hours for new resources2) Long training - For ""old"" players it's too long.3) Some bagsIt's good project (and it's only beta). U will spend a lot time and get real rapture.Hey YOU! In front of the computer. You looks smart! YES! You are need this game!"
76561198259218875,Recommended,562500,31037778,Posted: 9 April,all,Lucifer,"And again TD. I love these games, how much they spent the charge for the phone.So that's it.This is slightly different from all, even if you can not speed up the time - and it seemed to me that this was a huge omission, and the first levels were a little boring, but then I realized why this function was not introduced - there's not always enough time for that routine.In general, the same TD, with a plot and humor, where we put the tower and ...And here is another surprise - the game online - you can both defend yourself and attack, and sometimes even the towers do not give us protection!In general, I recommend everything!"
76561197961075699,Not Recommended,562500,33308469,Posted: 6 July,all,Tonka,"The game has potential, but the pace of progression and unlocking new towers is very, very slow and you are constantly left in the main game screen with nothing to do and no instructions as to why you can't progress.It's great to see that the developer is updating the game regularly, but I would suggest they revisit the start of the game and make the first hour of gameplay more fun and less frustrating for new players.I love this genre and really want to like this game, but right now it has me bored, confused and frustrated."
76561198276798449,Recommended,562500,31103712,Posted: 12 April,all,PaulGazan,"In this game very clear and detailed training. And I was very pleased because this game has a lot of functionality.Warstone TD differs from other TD games in the presence of the plot and is quite interesting, although a bit simple:)I hope that the game will be updated regularly and add new features for an even more enjoyable pastime."
,Recommended,562500,34171134,Posted: 11 August,all,uKinkyThing™,+1
,Recommended,562500,31077380,Posted: 11 April,all,Nike,"One of the most quality tower defence games that i ever played. It including nice graphic, intersting story mod, and really god mechanic with some new features. I thought none of games in this genre can surprise me, but Warstone TD do that. It coust every cent that you pay for it!"
76561198037173301,Not Recommended,562500,31884320,Posted: 21 May,all,apa,too much mumbo-jumbo.
,Not Recommended,562500,34271278,Posted: 16 August,all,Double D,"If you are looking for that Kingdom Rush style game do not buy this. I was tricked as well and thought, ""Hey, i really enjoyed both kingdom rushes, i will try this out."" I bought it and now currently refunding. Don't be fooled, the game is not Kingdom rush or anything like it, the graphics are cancer and the gameplay is balls. Maybe you'll like it but it is nothing like Kingdom Rush. I mean, why bother making a TD with the same artists if it isn't the next Kingdom rush??"
76561198090598628,Recommended,562500,33381734,Posted: 8 July,all,Sophocles,"The game is interesting, but you must always grind for victory))"
76561198090162014,Recommended,562500,33375348,Posted: 8 July,all,Orion,this game very fun i wait for update this game every day  i recommend
76561198127221624,Recommended,562500,32787514,Posted: 25 June,all,skitching,hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
,Recommended,562500,32804809,Posted: 26 June,all,Shmong,"My expectation was: Another clone of Kingdom Rush and i was surprised when it's not! I waited for the trick, but there is no trick! OK, now i think this is the nice game. Let's see what we have:Pros:1. Towers (here is the units) you get according to the laws of the genre on level progression2. Magic (skills) you using in battle3. Leveling with a huge selection of perks, actually you have 3 branches with different possibilities.4. During some missions you can attack (and defend same time, right), not only defend and it's well thought out!5. You have a mission with hero. One hero which defends alone.6. No critical bugz in EA.Cons:1. I'm afraid game may ends quickly."
,Recommended,562500,32785130,Posted: 25 June,all,nyaliah,"I really enjoy this game. It is way more complex than expected with all the building, currencies and units.And for an early access game there is a lot todo.I just wish there were more information, e.g what the different stone types do (explained ingame once but you can't get the information any other way)."
,Recommended,562500,33696745,Posted: 21 July,all,QuiZZer,I just wanted to thank the developers for their hard work.They are doing a great job listening to the community and fixing bugs as they appear.Really looking forward to the proper release and beyond!Keep up the good work!
76561198042736621,Recommended,562500,33508113,Posted: 13 July,all,jojozyz,its awesome
76561198105040631,Recommended,562500,34451053,Posted: 23 August,all,Spitty,When I first viewed the video for the game I didn't expect it to be as much fun as it is. But I have to say that there are more options for strategy in this than you might think at first glance. Looking forward to seeing this game progress into it's completion!
76561198031299173,Recommended,562500,34284274,Posted: 16 August,all,deaconfrost,Great TD game!
,Recommended,562500,34335225,Posted: 18 August,all,☩ Tak3R ☩ シ,"Very nice Tower Defense game! Good upgrading system, quite a few different towers and strategy possibilities.Also there is Coop missions and PVP missions for your enjoyment.9/10 TD game"
76561198325318284,Recommended,562500,34379450,Posted: 20 August,all,sdchargers888,Can't wait for the full game to be released!
76561198024050400,Recommended,562500,34385333,Posted: 20 August,all,iHugTrees ^_^,"[edit]Dev replied, and told that 'shift' key can be used for speed changes. Hurray! and that it isn't intended for tablets... so thank you.  This is a good TD growing nicely.  Changed from - to +[/edit]I'm torn with this... Good design ideas, good arts, funny conversations, and slightly different to Kingdom Rush (KR), which is refreshing.However...- lag between every click.  My suspicion is that since everything has to be online, there would be lags- you're forced to choose an upgrade path mid-levels on.  Unlike KR, which you can experiment with different upgrades anytime- IOS / tablet style features.  It's obvious they would want to expand this to tablets, eg. with 5-sec delay in constructions, and a whole day delay in getting bonus resources.- you're forced togrind, and grind, and grind... to unlock babel-tower list of upgrades.  Yes, each unit has like 20+ linear upgrades?  very boring upgrades... this pales in comparison to the varied upgrades from, say, Cursed Treasure 2 (an acclaimed TD).- no keyboard shortcut for fast-forwards... why is this important?  Remember the grinding bit?  You'd have to fast-forward most of the maps, and slow down during heated climax, and speed up and slow down again.  It takes ages to complete some maps otherwise.Heading in the right direction, but not a must for TD fans."
76561198000736862,Recommended,562500,34407110,Posted: 21 August,all,defaultchar,"Quite fun. Still in early access, but already has a ton of content. Does an abnormally good job of making interesting/ unique upgrade paths feel like you're actually playing a lightly different game. Cool meta systems."
76561198278624158,Recommended,562500,34874244,Posted: 10 September,all,Mxjn,Excellent game with some actual challenging maps and flexible strategy. One of the best tower defence RPG games I have played and while it's still in beta the product is very positive. The devs do an amazing job with the community engagement and making quality balanced updates to this great game. Cannot wait for the final product and I have recommended this game to many friends and they have all enjoyed their time playing it.
76561198166121312,Recommended,562500,34888905,Posted: 11 September,all,dudka vadim,"Warstone TD is very nice tower defense.In this game the plot is served in the form of comics,a lot of humor also has elements of crafting and building your city.For me it stands out for the balanced gameplay, the graphics, achievements and character of the system with their skills,three types of development, the commander,the magician,the Treasurer,also a lot of jokes all theThe game will please you nice 3D and design worldYou will enjoy it for sure!Fans of the genre - to take without hesitation! And the rest can not hurt to see."
,Recommended,562500,34888710,Posted: 11 September,all,Fortuna me amat,"I really like this genre! In ""Warstone Tower Defense"" we must protect an important control point in any way. In this game, the whole idea of ​​the genre is fully revealed, and something new is added.With humor, graphics, sound in the game everything is fine. There is a basic meaning in the form of fun and interesting assignments. First we have to pass a small training, where we begin to understand at least a little what is going on. Next, we will rebuild our village, gradually opening up new towers and magic.Assignments are in the form of a variety of maps, on which we must fight off creeps. There is where to go for a walk, because the maps are large, a huge choice of tactics, the towers themselves and ways to protect, even there is a choice of a specific installation site! Every next level is something new.Fans of the genre and just interested in it should like it."
76561197979441087,Recommended,562500,34866278,Posted: 10 September,all,Blue Day,"Very nice game, great dev team eradicating bugs, I spent good time with it, and still continue playing recommend it for TD fans and others. Yes, there are some issues, but again they are being dealt with (i was helping too, as a player), and the pros quite outweigh the cons, in my opinion"
76561198296424620,Recommended,562500,34880435,Posted: 11 September,all,society.gg,"GameplayWarstone is tower defense strategy game with a big amount of new features, fancy graphics and really cool story! The main feature of the game is absence of the usual towers! Instead, there are warstones. You can put them anywhere you want and summon a unit upon them. There are 7 basic units: peasant, archer, gunman, healer, eagle, wolf, elemental. Each basic unit can be upgraded into another 7 units. For example, peasant becomes a mercenary, who can be upgraded into a knight, a fearless warrior with high damage and slow attack, or a witcher, a demon hunter with rapid sword attacks, or into a monk, an unarmed figther with strong abilities. Each tower has a unique damage type, gold cost and special abilities. So the main feature of the game is pure strategy. You must think hard to find the best solution for every level.Class systemCommander has skills which improves the power of your units and has unique abilities. He can transform usual warstones into powerstones which gives extra bonuses. He can destroy the stone for dealing a lot of damage to nearby units.The weapon of the Treasurer is gold! He does everything to get more gold: bounty is increased, units are cheaper, drop coins give more gold, unique gold spells like transmutation into golden statue. All these will make army of the treasurer three times bigger than others. Also he can carry twice as many items and artifacts.The power of Sorcerer is spells. He can have three times more spells at once than other classes. He regenerates mana faster than he spends it. He knows powerful spells like Elemental summon or Meteors rain. He can transform units into mana. He can pass level using only spells.Diversity of towers plus different game classes open unlimited number of game tactics in PvP battles!"
,Recommended,562500,35504768,Posted: 5 October,all,Spoonbender,Definitely worth full price.
76561198054351128,Recommended,562500,35501843,Posted: 5 October,all,Starscream,"Surprisingly good for it's price and looks.The game has a very decent story (length-wise), a cute enough art style, just enough towers and some pleasant addition on the side -like seeing your own town and having ressources made over real time-It has a ton of replayability, especially if you include the differents specialty you can take (via your very own talent tree).It can keep you going for a while. However, it requires to do some co-op to continue the story, and there aren't that many players."
