user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198025838342,Recommended,564150,32844528,Posted: 26 June,all,Lavos,"Played this back in the day when it was still an awkward japanese indie megaman clone. The Level design is pretty bad at times, but the movement feels really smooth and the music is a pretty godtier mix of castlevania-ish music and megaman.If you like classic megaman and/or the zero series from the gba, the game's pretty fun. Definitly recommended, unless the gerne isn't for you.Plus, if they ever release the second game on steam, play that, it's like so much better."
,Recommended,564150,29664517,Posted: 2 February,all,Reimu Hakurei,"I remember playing the original a few years back, and started playing it again just yesterday. So I jumped on this as soon as I could, and I don't regret it at all. The added subtitles are a nice touch, and the game is still as fun (and frustrating) as I remember it to be.In-case you're not familiar with this game, it's basically a Megaman clone with an all-female cast. An incredibly well done one at that. I'll refrain from going into the plot since that'd be spoilers and all, but for the price it's asking it's definitely well worth it. I'm now waiting anxiously for when the sequel gets released on Steam as well."
,Recommended,564150,32727307,Posted: 24 June,all,Virulent,Better than Mighty No. 9.
76561198160868511,Recommended,564150,32039458,Posted: 29 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"Same gameplay loop as a Megaman/Rockman game from the super nintendo era but with much better graphics and controls,if you're itching for a top of the line platformer/side scroller this is the game for you."
,Recommended,564150,30224207,Posted: 27 February,all,Xitilon,"If this game doesn't pay a proper tribute to classic Mega Man / Rockman, no game in the world does, seriously. Played it in 2010, replayed it in 2017, was worth it.People seem to compare it against X and Zero series, but it's a wrong thing to do. RKS is a whole different game, not intended to be exactly ""better"", or present a total feel-alike alternative.Money grabber? No. Better than MN9? Yes.Note to non-MM people: it's a pretty hard oldschool platformer. Very intense."
76561198132360016,Recommended,564150,29671722,Posted: 3 February,all,I>U,"Well, it's Megaman. The one you could have seen on NES.From the stage select screen and enemies up to that empty room before boses and even bullets themselves.Also, the native resolution is 640*480 and being the true pixel-graphic (not pixelizated vector-graphic, like the most ""pixel-animation\graphic"" tagged titles) means it's scaled very bad. Don't expect to play it full-screen on anything bigger than 17"" (it's in the settings, though).If you're OK with everything above, then this your game."
,Recommended,564150,29802295,Posted: 9 February,all,Groen90,"Stage select screen, password system, run and jump, normal shot, slide, charged shot... it is 100% Megaman down to the similar level design and enemy design, but the characters are all kawaii animu grills so if you find the original Megaman character design cringy, this might be the perfect Megaman clone for you.... or you might find it even cringier, who knows ¯\_(ツ)_/¯The point is, it is a very good game, and like the original Megaman, it's not exactly casual-friendly."
,Recommended,564150,32097167,Posted: 31 May,all,Scravo,"There's a lot to love about Rosenkreuzstilette, assuming you grew up on the Nintendo-hard platformers of the 8-bit and 16-bit eras.  RKS successfully copies the Mega Man formula, right down to the stage select and boss introduction screens, to the point that, if you squint, you could swear you're just playing as Roll in a new MM game.  The overall aesthetic is more of an animefied Castlevania, with skeletons, zombies, and pools of blood making up common obstacles in many levels.  You'll even find enemies lifted straight from some of those old-school platformers, though with slightly different attack patterns to screw with those of us who fought those guys so many times.The graphical presentation is great, the music is suitably catchy, and the controls are precise and tight enough that you'll never be killed by something you couldn't have avoided.  Oh, sure, there are some trial-and-error segments (especially the one reminiscent of Quick Man's stage), but you'll never be battling finicky controls while fighting your way through the levels.Honestly, if you have any fond memories of the Blue Bomber and his adventures, check this one out as soon as you can.  It's a much better modern Mega Man game than the one released by Mega Man's own creator."
,Not Recommended,564150,30226634,Posted: 27 February,all,LadyOberon [#GamersRule],"Let me begin by saying that I paid full price for this game, strictly because I love a good platformer and thought that's what I'd find with this game. I was very wrong.Initial ImpressionsTo begin with, there are some seriousdevelopment issues. I've posted multiple requests for assistance to the discussion forum for this game regarding repeatedgame crashes, and as you can see by the ""Bug"" thread, others are having the same issue. I posted crash logs and tried every possible fix I could find on my own plus the few that were suggested by other players. Unfortunately, the developer spokesperson on the forum was not helpful at all, offering vague advice that he himself didn't seem confident in.Hardare/SoftwareIf you have a newer PC and/or higher end laptop or PC with Windows 10, you are likely to experience the same issues that I did. Firstly, it'snot possible to go into fullscreen, either by using the maximize button or navigating through the options menu. Attempting to do so causes game crash and an,""English version has stopped working""error for the exe.GraphicsAfter hours of trying to resolve this issue, I finally decided to try to play it in windowed mode, but it's just too darn small of a screen, and blowing up the window size to the max of 200% isn't much help and only results in blurred and fuzzy graphics. It looks like there could be some real creativity working behind the scenes toward the artistic effort, but that creativity is lost, muddled by these issues.SoundtrackIn regard to sound, I found it annoying. I didn't care for the repetitive exclamations of the main character when jumping, or the repetitive subtitles. The dialogue scenes are excessive but can be rushed through by holding down the ""B"" button on your controller.Controller SupportController mechanics are also severely lacking. While there is full controller support advertised, it's been poorly executed. The button presses didn't result in consistent actions, so I cannot classify the controls as responsive. Additionally, the D-Pad doesn't work at all, and that does seem to be an issue that is at least acknowledged by the developer. Another issue in regard to controls is experienced when attempting to save or close the game. I experienced additional game crashes and button presses that didn't register. I used a wired XBOX 360 controller, so I imagine that gamers using other controllers will experience the same or even worsened issues.ConclusionGameplay was apparently designed to be difficult, with unpredictable bosses, to cater to gamers seeking a real challenge. However, for a game to be challenging and still remain enjoyable, it needs to be functionally sound, and this one is not.I'd gladly revisit this game in the future once all of these issues are resolved, but at this point, what seems to be a promising concept falls positively flat for this reviewer. My experience has been that the game has potential but in its current state is a hot mess. I paid full price for the game and regret the purchase, so I don't advise that other gamers plunk down $10 unless they're reasonably certain they can play it. If you're unsure, then perhaps it's best to wait for a major sale or bundle opportunity."
76561198099078122,Recommended,564150,29752386,Posted: 6 February,all,Vucious Creed,"TL:DR ALERT: I'm going to be a bit wordy in this review, so bare with me as I share my thoughts on this game.For those that are new to this game and the series, and are unsure if you want to get this game, then take it from a guy that played this game YEARS ago before this game was just a mere doujin Megaman-clone that was starting out back in 2007 and only got its notice through word of mouth in some Megaman community circles.  This game is that good and that fun and is worthy of being a part of the gameplay legacy that is Megaman.  However, I will say, that if you are turn away by an oversaturation of anime cliches and anime girls, then this might not grab your attention.   On the other hand, if you're simply looking for a different and/or new Megaman-esque experience, regardless of the previously mentioned fact, then I recommend that you give this game a shot.This game is chock full of references to not only other Megaman titles, but hints a lot of other games (like Castlevania and Mario, for example) and some other anime titles as well (you can look as far as a particular enemy design in Zorne's stage for that; I'll leave it to you where the reference comes from).  The characters are nicely done and the overarching story that binds the characters together is surprisingly deep considering that the source that gets its inspiration from isn't exactly known for said storytelling.Of course, this brings us to the gameplay.  The gameplay is your typical Megaman fare: Spiritia jumps, shoots, and slides with the best of them.  The level design is well thought out, but due to the nature of being an homage to Megaman (and others), expect some references in said level design to pop up from time to time which may or may not take a hit in terms of originality.  Boss fights are not too shabby, but some will grind your gears at times (I'm looking at you ""first stage after the 8 bosses"")  Also, the music... yes the music!  The music of RKS is a treat to the ears properly fitting every mood of a given stage.  For all the praise I'm giving the game, I will say that it can be a bit rough if you're playing it for the first time as the difficulty might be a bit of a ramp up from what you might be used to.   That being said, it shouldn't be too much of an issue with Megaman veterans, and with repeated playthoughs, it might be just as simple as your typical Megaman game.All in all, I enjoy this game and this series (yes, it has a sequel for those not in the know).  It's true to the style of Megaman and has become one of my favorite Megaman-esque games.  It might be filled to the brim with animu waifus (with a dude or two), but putting all that aside, this game is not to be underestimated.  Give it a chance and you might find yourself liking the experience more than you may have initially thought."
76561198139395385,Recommended,564150,32009944,Posted: 27 May,all,KnightuSan,"Played this game WAY back when it was first released, had a stupid amount of fun... Got it again on steam... still a stupid amount of fun to be had! Rosenkreuzstilette is basically the what if child of  Megaman + Castlevania + Cute Anime goodness... If you like any of the ones, you'll love this game. The diffculty of the game is a nice small bonus, and this game is deffinatly worth the time despite the small issues here and there."
,Recommended,564150,31227750,Posted: 18 April,all,Xeroma,"Originally a fairly old indie game from Japan, I was pretty surprised when this popped up on Steam. It's not at all subtle about how much of a Mega Man clone it is, but folks who were burned and disappointed by recent big name attempts to recapture that franchise may find enjoyment in this game. It is pretty brutally difficult though, trying to fight most of the bosses without a weakness weapon is much harder than in the NES Mega Man games. Here's hoping the superior sequel also sees a Steam release."
76561198363809908,Recommended,564150,29664898,Posted: 3 February,all,CerulEon,"A good throwback! It far exceeds Mighty No. 9 in terms of gameplay & story in my opinion. Some of the anime-art style may convince some people not to play this, but I recommend this to any die-hard Megaman fan out there!"
,Recommended,564150,30045904,Posted: 19 February,all,Mavrickindigo,"I first heard about this game a few years ago. Back then, the wounds of Mega Man Legends 3 and Rock Man Xover were still fresh, and I was looking for something to fill that void. For whatever reason, I decided to not deal with downloading Japanese games that didn't have official releases, and boy, did I make a mistake there!Hot off the heels of the disappointment that was Mighty No. 9, I didn't think any game could really get the feel of Mega Man right, and not only was I wrong, but I was pleasantly surprised. If you're a fan of the old school Mega Man games and you're looking for something to scratch that itch, this is certainly the game for you.This game wears its Mega Man origins on its sleeve, and isn't afraid to take puzzle and enemy types wholesale, but that isn't to say it rips off stuff from Mega Man, either. Even the most referential stuff is remixed to be something familiar, yet new. Not only that, but the references from other classic gaming franchises were nice surprise in their own right.This game adheres greatly to the past, which means that it is unforgiving and you'll need to cheese a few things, if you aren't skilled enough. I found myself farming for Life tanks more than I would like to admit, and I referenced boss weaknesses because I was on a time limit and didn't want to play the last four levels over again. This game only saves replays, as well, so all the secrets are accessible from the start, as long as you know the codes for it. There's even a code that the developers don't want people to currently know, yet you can find it out, if you do the right combination.I also enjoyed the characters and story. Though it is cut from the same kind of cloth as many stock Japanese stories, it gives you something to fight for, and I found I cared for the bosses in this more than any other Mega Man-styled game I've played.The only complaints I have are from the technical level. Limited graphics options lead to blurry steam overlay, and leaving the screen to go to a second monitor, for example, causes the game to crash. Not only that, but if you use a controller, you will have to edit it so that it emulates a keyboard, because you are not getting a D-pad otherwise.So, if you don't mind doing a little technical work on your end to get it playing the way you'd like it to be played, this game is well worth the money, and very deserving as a successor to Mega Man."
,Recommended,564150,29710999,Posted: 4 February,all,Akayon,"TLDR: If you've got a sour taste in your mouth from Mighty Number 9, this is the fix for you.The best thing I can really say to get this review started is that if you're a fan of any sort of Mega Man styled game, you can't go wrong with this one. The general premise is that the Robot Masters are witches, there's a mysterious plot that has to do with a great magician's soul from long ago, and... Well, this is the sort of game that doesn't really -need- a plot. By all means, it's here and translated to English, but you can pretty much get right by without it as you can choose to play either with the text and cutscenes, or without in an Arcade Mode.The game itself is easy to pick up and play if you know how the old Mega Man games worked. Eight bosses, eight stages, pick whom you want to take down first. The controls are rather simple, with two primary buttons for jumping and shooting, a Previous/Next weapon swap, as well as MM1-6 pause-selection. However, keep in mind that pressing Escape at any point resets the game akin to an old NES reset button, so be aware. Each boss has their own special weapon which can be super-effective against another, yadda-yadda. Seriously. It's classic Megaman here. Once you clear the eight primary stages, the Castle stages open up, and you go through a gauntlet where your special weapons don't recharge after each stage and careful management becomes key.If I had to really pick one highlight, it's going to be the soundtrack. I remember quite a few of these tunes are the type that you'll be humming occasionally, and even years after I played the original I still had some of the final boss themes playing out in my memory rather vividly. You can't go wrong with that type of catchiness.If I had to point out a major flaw in the game, it would have to be the difficulty curve. Some stages and bosses are very clearly more difficult in nature, especially if you're going in blind unlike myself. While the curve does even out once you hit the Castle stages to be somewhat more predictable in nature, it's still going to be a bit jarring. The stages themselves are for the most part vastly easier than the bosses.There's a good bit of replay value here as well, for those whom worry that the somewhat short game might have one hesitant to purchase this. A Saved-Replay feature lets you watch your own runs, encouraging you to learn from mistakes and get faster at the game. There's also a second campaign featuring one of the boss characters that you can play as, but you get told how to access it only once you defeat the final boss after the credits roll. It even has a bit of humor about itself with Game Over screens customized for each stage, usually a jest involving another game or franchise, so even if you fail you can still grin about it. Honestly, this game was great a few years ago, and it's still plenty of fun today."
,Recommended,564150,31597139,Posted: 6 May,all,J Detan,"It's a fun clone of Mega Man, with a bunch of video game and anime references.It takes a lot from Mega Man 1 and 2, both good and bad: the level design is largely lifted from the Mega Man games, which is pretty good, but when they do their original work, it's a mixed bag. Fortress levels especially can range from entertaining to bland to downright enraging, and there are a few cases where the game design is noticibly weaker on a visual and gameplay standard. A few levels are just way too visually busy, and can be difficult to follow the level path: there's a few places where the game seems to be funneling you towards a pit, only for the progression to be to the right, past what looks at first glance to be a wall.The gameplay is basically Mega Man 4-7: You can slide and charge your buster, hop high in water, get knocked back when you get hit and fall into a pit and curse loudly, all great stuff. The boss design is pretty good too; most every boss can be buster dueled and their weakness makes them crumble, as is proper. One MAJOR flaw however is that it only reads the analog stick on a 360 controller. With no way to switch this in menu and no other gamepads handy, this led to many deaths where I slid rather than jumping, and the stick has no deadzone at all in game. Another flaw comes in with later bosses, basically every one is ""a boss from another video game, but they have twice as many things happening at once"". For one example, the mecha dragon from megaman 2 is there, but now its shots split when they're above or below you and it sends out tiny enemies at the same time! And you're still on three tiny platforms! And you have to hit a small moving target, rather than a large, stationary head! Not great. The earlier bosses felt more restrained and balanced, with 3-5 moves that you could learn and react to, the fortress bosses were more chaos than fun, and having fewer things happening would have kept things less overbearing, especially since they weren't really different bosses, just the same boss you remember with more environmental hazards and twice the damage output.All in all, it's a very fun game, especially for 10 bucks, and it has a high skill window, but you have to be prepared for the same problem Mega Man 1 and 2 run into: the first 8 stages got all the polish and the fortress stages not so much. But hey, those games became classics, and this game has a hell of a inspiration to learn from and improve.Finally, there are two modes: Story and Arcade. Story has a long plot that, frankly, did not grip me at all, and suffered from ""These animes just won't stop talking"" syndrome. Arcade, I'm told, has none of that, but it's not made clear at the start. Either way, I appreciate the ability to skip the plot, since I was more interested in jumping and/or shooting."
,Recommended,564150,29685149,Posted: 3 February,all,716green,"There are a lot of Megaman clones on Steam and they're usually not very good. I thought this game was impossible which was extremely disappointing because I lived on Megaman as a kid and this looked awesome. It turns out its not impossible; you just need to find the boss weaknesses. After looking them up online, the game became VERY fun. It's just like Megaman 3 but with charge shot and UI that looks more like Megaman X. Super tight controls and an all around great game.ONE FATAL FLAW- no D-Pad supports with the Xbox One controller (and Steam Controller doesn't seem to work even in big picture mode. Very strange.)If D Pad support is added I will take the time to memorize the boss order and learn to love this game the way I do MMX.The stages are great, very well designed and I don't mind re-playing them. The stick just isn't ideal for these types of tightly controlling platformers. All around, very good game.Add D Pad support and this would go from good to incredible in my book."
,Recommended,564150,29800267,Posted: 9 February,all,Akka,"Mighty Number Nine, EAT YOUR HEART OUTMN09 and it's cartoonishly inflated budget left less of an impression on me than this retro, rock-hard platforming homage to megaman 3.Just like Rabi Ribi and Eryi's Action, the cute anime girls are there to trick you into thinking the game is easy when in reality it's disarming you before it kicks you right in the face! The stages themselves aren't so hard (except for the instant death gimmicks). The real challenge is in the bosses.They all hit like a truck and if you don't exploit their weaknesses then you're in for a bad time. Naturally the first stage you pursue will be like pulling teeth. But once you figure out the pattern and seize victory then all the other dominos will come crashing down like a house of cards. Checkmate.If you have five hours and grew up playing classic platforming games then give this a try.By the way, don't skip the credits. There's a bonus mode! You can play as a different character and it cranks the difficulty up even higher! It would be so cool if I wasn't getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked so hard!"
76561197970870478,Recommended,564150,30913389,Posted: 2 April,all,Crysko,"This game is pretty much a distillation of Mega Man 2-4, with prettier boss robots and some not-so-Mega Man special weapons that'll still have you thinking ""Oh, that's that OTHER property that debuted on the NES."" If you enjoy the classic MM formula (and stages, 'cause there's a few parts right out of those!), this game falls somewhere between ""respectable homage"" and ""shameless rip-off"".For bosses, the fights are standard ""learn the pattern"" kinda fights. Some of them get to the point of ridiculous without their weakness, others fairly simple to take out without any special weapons. They are the highlight, though, as the stages range from boring to mind-achingly repetitive with a bit of trial-and-error game overs to figure out how to get through them. Some decent music to be had in there, though, which pushes it up into ""not a bad game, but not a great one, either"" territory. It still manages to be better than certain other clones from more official sources to boot."
,Recommended,564150,29664327,Posted: 2 February,all,Rozen_D,"A great game arrives at steam at a fair price, I played the original version years ago and trust me, this still hold up to actual indie quality games, if you like the megaman series, you would love this one, balanced difficulty, memorable characters, and a experience worth every penny.tl:drJust buy it and enjoy!"
76561198065701049,Recommended,564150,29670366,Posted: 3 February,all,Amaterasu,10/10 would buy again. Can't wait for Freudenstachel.
76561198045436361,Recommended,564150,31150396,Posted: 14 April,all,Blazing Glaceon,"Quick edit: Apparently the original was never freeware! Which shocks me, considering how many IPs the game blatantly rips off, lol.A lovely little gem from the late 2000s, Rosenkreuzstilette never tried to hide the fact that it's a super anime-fied Megaman clone. Taking inspiration (and occasionally straight up ripping from) popular titles such as Castlevania, Super Mario, and the series it was based off, Megaman, Rosen blends them together in a strange but pleasant two-to-three hour romp.It feels just like classic Megaman; Spiritia, your protagonist, is able to jump, slide, charge her shots, and copy the abilities of each RKS member she defeats, giving her new ways to deal with her foes or solve puzzles. Though most of the time you probably won't be making use of these powers outside of using a boss's weakness against them; just like in Classic Megaman, the powers tend to be a bit difficult to manage in the stages, and your regular charged shots are always fine on their own.The game has a fantastic soundtrack put together by multiple different artists, ranging from a dramatic symphony  for a heroic moment or a a dark realization, to full-on rockin' guitars for when you take on the final challenge. Each peice is unique and wonderfully composed, and have held up just fine since the game's original release.The Steam version being translated to English without the need for a patch is also nice. The story isn't anything too unique, but it's still enjoyable. If you're expecting something incredibly in-depth however, you might be disappointed. Much like Megaman, you know what you're getting into with RKS; a stroll through a series of levels full of a death and a colorful array of bossfights.Oh, and I saw people complaining about the difficulty, and I feel I should address that. Honestly, the game isn't any more challenging than Megaman 3, 4, or 5. I'd say Rosen is EASIER than those three games. The stages are very short, and sure, while the traps might be aggravating the first time through, they're easy to memorize and avoid. Rosen also gives you plenty of E-Tanks, which function just how they did in classic Megaman; full heals! There's also no penalty for Game Over'ing, other than sending you back to the start of the stage you're on. You keep all your E-Tanks, and your weapons fill to full energy. The final levels can get rather brutal with some of the platforming and memorization, but I think the game is very fair, giving you plenty of resources along the way, and the opportunity to grind E-Tanks since game overs don't penalize you.I give it a solid 8/10. I'm a bit biast because I'm a hardcore Megaman fan, and players who don't share that love for classic Megaman might not enjoy this game as much as I do."
,Recommended,564150,33645021,Posted: 18 July,all,Not Applicable,"This game is a love letter to Megaman 2, with a sprinkling of references to other NES Megaman games and a few other games from the era. If you liked NES Megaman, you'll probably enjoy this.Note that it definitely feels a lot more like 2 than 3-6 even with the slide and charge shot. The *spoiler* mode is a nice add in, although the levels and fights were definitely not made with it in mind, though the input to that move could be on something better."
76561197962039322,Recommended,564150,29666391,Posted: 3 February,all,Gorge Express,"It's a classic nes megaman but every character is a cute anime girl except dracula. You can slide and charge your buster like the later nes megamans, but It doesn't add anything new to the formula. Doesn't exactly sound impressive in a world flooded with megaman clones and romhacks, but the stage and boss design really carries the game. It's almost up there with the better classic mm games, which I would consider to be MM2, 3, and 9.This game was originally released in 2007(I beat this game ages ago so ignore the low play time). This is the first time it's been officially released in english I believe. Along with english text, the japanese VA has been subbed.The game uses a password system, so get your f12 key ready. I also needed to use an external program to use my ps4's d-pad instead of the analog stick."
76561198303803686,Recommended,564150,31098143,Posted: 12 April,all,Q1,"It will be said over and over again, this is a Megaman clone in terms of gameplay, but in a way it is a bit of an 'upgrade' to your standard Megaman title. There's a story with a bit of a plot twist and you don't just fight bosses, these are people you 'know' so you interact with them accordingly before you inevitably do battle and collect weapons. It is decently challenging and doesn't do the hand holding of modern games to be sure, but once you know the stages and weaknesses you can sort of breeze through it.If there was one thing that really ""did it"" for me in terms of being glad I purchased the game it was the 'second quest', in which you get to play as an entirely new character in essentially the same story and the interactions with bosses change accordingly. This second character offers an even greater challenge in many cases but comes with a few advantages the main character doesn't."
76561198203412952,Recommended,564150,29769868,Posted: 7 February,all,oguz.gungor96,"Alright before you read this I want to say I am a huge megaman  fan. I have played every official megaman games multiple times , I have also played games like megamari (which is VERY similar to this especially with character sprites). I will be comparing this game to megaman 9/10 (those are the best classic ones lets be real here) and megamari.First off the feels man: This game is a love letter to megaman , touhou , castlevania  and pretty much every old school game fans out there. Throught the entire journey I had big smile on my face.....until a certain someone. Game over screens are references , some of the level design and boss fights are literally ripped from megaman , castlevania and bomberman (yeah I was surprised too). So if you are an old school gamer you will have a soft spot for this game from the start.Level design: I will prase it for the most part . They are fun and challenging  and just like megaman 10 some of them have multiple paths with rewards (there are even hidden easter egg ones) . However because this game also wanted to give some credit to megaman 2 I guess we have some stages where not knowing ahead of time will get you killed over and over (Ice girl your stage is fun but after memorizing it ....better than that annoying castle stage). Unlike Shovel Knight the stages don't over stay their welcome too which is a plus (those stages are TOO long for their own good). Also yes there is a troll level and its awesome (the cat looking girls stage)Controls: For some reason a lot of classic megaman clones fail at this area for some reason but I can safely say this game does a great job here. (why shovel knight why do you run so slow). Its megaman 9 and 10 quality so no megaman 1 and 2 sliding around or megaman 6 can't exit out of a slide problems here.Music: Its rocking! and I love it. Some of them are very similar to the megaman themes (I swear I hear drill man).Bosses: NO!!! These are not good bosses at all. I don't care about what anyone says these bosses are BAD! They do TOO much damage and either have REALLY simple designs or really hard to dodge attacks. Unless you have their weakness you will not have a fun time.  I have beaten pretty much every megaman boss (in every series) and megamari without using the weapons (unless its mendotory megaman 2 you are annoying) but these bosses are really annoying. They made yellow devil not fun which is a big blow to me because the original yellow devil is like my fav classic megaman boss!!!The weapons: For the most part they are decent but honestly with the exception of the metal blade clone and the ice spear I don't really care about these. Especially the time stop power. Seriously WHY did you clone megaman 2 flash stopper instead of megaman 4 flash stop!! You activate it once and boom it will deplete. Another problem I have is that unlike megaman 9 and 10 you can't change weapons (with the exception the shield) while another one is on screen. This makes time stop really annoying to use because its a one and done sort of thing.The dialogue: They put effort here I can see it. These characters know each other and some of them even come and help a boss escape. Which I really liked but after a while I just skipped the dialogue because there is SO MUCH OF IT!There are also 2 castles soooo if you don't like doc robot stages or the extra castles from megaman 4 ,5 and 6 welp thats a minus for you.... You also have lives (which I like ) but if you have less than 2 and go to a new stage it wont reset to 2 unlike powered up which is unnecessary.Overall..... eh. Its not bad but there are so many frustrating moments. The bosses are either meh or really annoying and I mean REALLY annoying. I will give it a recommend mostly cause the pros are more than cons but I would recommend checking the bosses on youtube. Also wait for a discount."
,Recommended,564150,29764516,Posted: 7 February,all,Omega the Squid Man,Here is my review for this game:Pros:It's pretty good for a Mega Man style game.Cons:I wish the analog stick wasn't implemented for movement because it makes side scrollers difficult to play with unless the D-Pad was implemented fr it.
76561198061395993,Recommended,564150,30110523,Posted: 22 February,all,RagnaXIII,"Amazing Game with responsive, tight controls. Game is difficult compared to the Megaman # series. I would recommned getting this game for the gamplay."
,Recommended,564150,30535162,Posted: 15 March,all,Visi,"It's pretty much Mega Man with an anime skin, although not as polished. A lot of the normal enemies are reused over and over again with little variety, and the environments can be pretty bland, but the controls are tight and responsive, and the music is pretty good. The game has some balance issues when it comes to the difficulty, with some parts being very easy and other parts unreasonably difficult. There isn't a real progression of easy to hard. It's kind of scattered. Well, except for the last section of the game, which is consistently brutally difficult. Though I think the game can be unfair at times, when you die or get hit by anything, it will usually be your fault. The writing is a bit cheesy for the main protagonist Tia's playthrough, but I quite liked the writing for the secret character's story whom you can play as after beating the game. The story isn't anything special, but it isn't notably awful either. All in all, if you like these types of games, I can't recommend this one highly enough, especially given its sensible price. Even if the anime aesthetic turns you off, you can still find enjoyment in the gameplay itself. If Mega Man-esque games don't tickle your pickle, then stay away. Controller highly recommended."
,Recommended,564150,30109553,Posted: 22 February,all,Mr. Bubbles,"Very classic Mega Man, entertaining while satisfyingly challenging"
,Recommended,564150,30218560,Posted: 27 February,all,Alka,"I haven't completed this yet but it's tough and very fun.There's lots of fun references to old Mega Man enemies and mechanics, so if you like the old Mega Man games and need more of it, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,564150,30845278,Posted: 30 March,all,Eagle,Megaman meets Castlevania and makes a fusion with Moe girls.And the result is awesome!Waiting for the sequel some day...
76561198206349152,Recommended,564150,29672483,Posted: 3 February,all,ShirsTheLetchLord,"Omg this game is actually amazing. It's like someone took one of the old Megaman games and slapped an anime skin hack/mod on it. It controls nicely (except for the fact that you have to use the sticks on a controller), the music is amazing, the level design is brilliant and the boss fights are just *smacks lips* noice. Overall, I give this game a heartfelt 10/10."
,Recommended,564150,32985575,Posted: 29 June,all,vortexgods,"They recreated Quick Man's Level. Everyone wanted that, right?(Hard Mega Man style game, except with magical girls.)"
76561198023117872,Not Recommended,564150,34088513,Posted: 7 August,all,Dacoo,"Positive+Like MegamanCons-Exactly like Megaman.  Every enemy, miniboss and situation from the 4 levels I played through can be compared directly to a Megaman, and most of the time there is no difference.  The wind guys in Wind Man's stage?  Got him.  Mettaur's.  Got 'em.  The shield guys you can only hurt from the back in Skull Man's stage?  Got him.  The snail midboss that shoots is eyes and launches bombs from Toad Man's stage.  haha...Got him.  The moves are also just like megaman skills Toad Rain, etc.  So why don't I like it?-If someone were to make a Megaman Maker similar to Mario Maker, these would be sub-par levels from the community.-The controls are screwy.  Although I didn't find the game to be particularly challenging, being easier than most Megaman games, most all of my deaths were from sliding into the hole.  The Xbox D-pad doesn't work so you're stuck using the analog.  Normally, that isn't an issue.  However, if you're stick is downward 10° from center, you slide rather than jump, resulting in (at least in my case) sliding into holes.-If the game loses focus (alt-tab, double screens, etc.) the game crashes.  I discovered this at the end of a level when I went to write down the ppassword and lost my progress. Which leads me to...-The game tries to be so consistent with the old Megaman games that it forces you to use the old 6x6 pasword entry rather than offering a simple save function.-Music, story and graphics are fine, but completely forgettable.In short, you'd be better off going back and playing any Megaman 1-10 (or the gameboy ones, or the Xs or the Zeros)."
76561198012977638,Recommended,564150,30209592,Posted: 26 February,all,Jaimas,"This game is a fantastic Megaman-like game with some pretty amazing writing and chock-full of references to other video games. Definitely worth playing, though be forewarned: It's old-school difficult!"
,Recommended,564150,29700390,Posted: 4 February,all,Bp3500,"There were words I had for this game. Once, years ago, I could tell how much I love this game with several paragraphs. I've since lost those words, but the feeling has stayed.I've loved megaman games for a long time; I didn't get to truly play one of the classic games until I rented the Megaman Collection on the gamecube through gamefly, but what I played I very much enjoyed. Somehow I was never able to complete 1 and 5...But still, this was over 10 years ago. I've since tried and loved the X games, and Megaman Zero 3 was actually my first game I played that had Megaman in the title. Or was that Battle Network 3? Either or.So, I loved these games. and I can happily say, with very few words, that Rosenkreuzstilette, its extra mode, and its sequel, are all still as good when I first played them all those years ago, as they are now to this very day. It's a beautiful love-letter to megaman fans while also weaving its own interesting world and a setting that is very different and unique to the origin series. Especially with the apparent disappointment brought about my Mighty No.9 to the fanbase, This game getting a true localization was exactly what Megaman needed.As a note regarding difficulty; RKS is not easy. It's harder than a good portion of the original megaman games. You'll need to figure out the boss order to have a relaxing time with the game. And that's just the base game...Rosenkreuzstilette is a game that offers old fans of the series a bit of nostalgia, and a side game for those who loved the X and Zero games as well. But to me at least, RKS still feels fresh. I, personally, think it's aged quite well since its release in about 2007 or so.And as an aside, Congratulations, Darksquid Media. I can only imagine how it must feel, to be the original Fan Translators of something like this, only to be approached by the man himself responsible for the game to be tasked with its official english release. Congratulations, seriously."
,Recommended,564150,29684755,Posted: 3 February,all,hagspam,"tl;dr Cute Girls + Great Music + Mega Man Gameplay = over 200 hours of enjoymentSeeing this game released on steam makes me really happy(so more people can play it). I have played this game for over 200 hours, and still love it. RKS really hits what makes good Mega Man games. Fun gimmicks in each stage, memorable boss fights, and great music. The story is really cheesey, the character are defined by one characteristic but the gameplay and music more than make up for it. If you are a fan of the classic Mega Man games and like cute girls this is the game for you.P.S. Please forgive the terrible German."
76561197990668789,Recommended,564150,33823602,Posted: 26 July,all,kspiritfire,"This is a fun little game. I've always been a fan of Mega Man style platformers, and this one is very well done. The game is challanging without crossing the line into brutal . If I had to offer a suggestion, it would be to allow you to skip the dialog after the first time. Some of the conversations are pretty long.Overall ,if you like Megaman style games, This one is worth it. Took about 7 hours to run though for me without using guides, Your milage may vary."
,Recommended,564150,34175948,Posted: 11 August,all,Tasoittaja,"It's like Mega Man with anime girls.I have played the japanese version and the game works so well for being a Mega Man clone. The level design is slightly linear but many levels have their small gimmick of their own. Maybe there would have been more variety with the enemies and that there could have been more. Soundtrack is solid as well. The game might first seem hard but later on it just literally throws E-tanks at you so you can damage boost to victory. You can also play as another character, luckily.Unfortunately the sequel fails to match this game's quality"
,Recommended,564150,34225011,Posted: 13 August,all,Hannibal Burress,Honestly a very well made megaman clone feels like megaman 2. I bought this without realising the legacy collection 2 just came out but had a fun short run in it so i decided to post a quick review. I plan to eventually beat it. it has the difficulty I expect from a megaman game would reccomend.
,Recommended,564150,34110236,Posted: 8 August,all,Alchemist firis Mistlud,Amazing mega man 3 clone.fully voice acting.goth loli story.This is a solid buy.
,Recommended,564150,34119494,Posted: 9 August,all,Hiruminho,"What to say?Megaman + Lolis = 10/10Seriously, if you like megaman x and x2 you will like this it's really cool and decently hard"
,Not Recommended,564150,29819088,Posted: 10 February,all,Ithurtswhen_ipee,"insanely difficult, i dont udnerstand how the ♥♥♥♥ anyone who hasnt played the orignal rozenwhatever is suppossed to be able to play this and have any fun.  the hazards are all lethal and very strict on timing and execution, game is very picky with check points which onyl makes the lethal environmental hazards even more annoying, then when you finally get to the boss, and start beating it, itll switch to a much harder pattern and i swear i can not dodge that at certain positions of the boss, they CORNER YOU and you'll be stuck in that corner unable to dodge their stronger attacks.  itd seem doable but not with the small health bar they give you, it look like megamans but you can only survive 4 hits from a boss then youre done, it doesnt help much against their spam, jumping right into you faster than your slow♥♥♥♥♥character can move, and then cornering you to get the kill.ive played EVERY megaman game multiple 6x times and ive loved them, but this game isnt really megaman, its hazards are too strict and lethal, checkpoints might as well not exist for whatever use they give (cept at the boss door), and bosses 2nd form is always ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, then their 3rd makes it even worse.... ive never played a megaman clone where i couldnt find any enjoyment in the platforming, the level, the combat, boss, or even the design of it.  its just a slog that feels like its sucking out my soul.btw, anyone giving it a good rating is jsut an orginal player of the original, theyre USED to the unfair difficulty already, their reviews dont account for much if youre not already part of the rozenwhatever cult."
,Recommended,564150,29736185,Posted: 5 February,all,【✨Minty✨】,"Just an amazing game, played it in its entirety years ago and am now enjoying playing this gem again."
,Recommended,564150,29703854,Posted: 4 February,all,Hsanrb,"To anyone whos played MM2, this is what your getting...Ok the music is better, the gameplay is slightly more difficult, your either good enough to win, or bad enough to not see the pattern to let you win.Actually forget that, some sections of this game are straight from MM2, other sections of this game are ""Lets mess with you because you played too much MM2 as a child"" fun.Can't spoil because lets face it, if I told you why this game is different, you'd go. DAMN YOU REVIEWER HOW DARE YOU COST ME A DEATH I WANTED TO SEE IN LAUGHTER...!!!?!"
,Recommended,564150,30109680,Posted: 22 February,all,endermanslayer2,It was a personal disapoinmentif you megaman than you probibly would like this a bit more.
76561198047202299,Not Recommended,564150,29975292,Posted: 16 February,all,Shiratake,"Great idea, but no so great execution...Get the most incredibly frustrating parts of classic megaman games e glue them together adding just enough unresponsiveness from the controller to keep the game one step from being rage inducing... some may even like it.Wish I could dislike it more, but right now it's just enough for me to not recommend it to 'everyone'. If you 'really' liked old megaman 1, 2 and 3, you might find something here, maybe...--edit:In times like this I would love for Steam to have a 'neutral' recommendation"
76561198330459188,Not Recommended,564150,30160917,Posted: 25 February,all,nshannonm,"Tries to be megaman and fails utterly. The amount of contact/touch of damage you get from a boss is absurd is a -3 point penalty. The story is bland and is your standard ""persecuted magic-users"" shtick that you see in fantasy and jrpgs alot.The story tries to be serious and explain♥♥♥♥♥♥ but fails to explain where all these damn monsters are coming from (many of which are outright megaman plagiarisms). It also fails to tell us why the whole of the RKZ that we see is nothing but moe girls (it's a mystery for all of time), and if it tried to explain it would probably fail at that too.The secret character is a knockoff of Zero but without everything that made Zero great; really that describes the game as a whole, but bear (pfft) with me. Unlike Zero who had a saber that extended a decent range out in front of him without charging, the secret character (or SC) has a very short range and combined with the contact damage complaint, she's just unfun to play as. Her saber is short and deals minimal damage to bosses; it also fails to stun or delay what it hits. She also lacks a buster like Zero had, and is worthless against bosses when comapred to the main character.All the stages are bland medieval-esque knockoffs of megaman stages (except the stage for the girl in the white hoodie, that one was kinda fun), but are somehow worse and less polished than the originals; which is hilarious when we consider the fact that those games are over 20 years old by now.Still want a proper exclamation for all these monsters roaming about. At least Megaman X told us where the bosses were, and what they were doing, in this game you just mow down generic mobs until your reach the door.I can't believe I'm saying this,  but classic MM actually had a better story than this.The music was pretty good, I guess."
76561197975845420,Not Recommended,564150,31757238,Posted: 14 May,all,Not John Malkovich,"I wrestled with the controller configuration for about half an hour and gave up.  ""Full Controller Support"" my ***.After that I gave keyboard-based gameplay a try.  The game demands tight enough timing on slides, jumps, boss attack patterns, instant death pits, etc. that a klunky UI is not going to cut it.There are MUCH better platformsers on Steam that have *actual* controller support and work out of the box."
,Not Recommended,564150,30131125,Posted: 23 February,all,SilverVictini,"Hard, borderline unfair Megaman ROM hack. Has the ability to cause a BSoD. Copies a LOT from MM2.Kickass OST though."
,Not Recommended,564150,29762874,Posted: 7 February,all,Ragna,"Game is not bad , a 5/10 maybe 6/10 but we live in 2017.Things have changed;passwords , lives , etc... are a dead.There are so many wonderful retro side scrollers , metroidvania, etc... out there like momodora,salt and sanctuary,shantae , shovel knight ,rabi ribi,Icey , dozens of castlevania games with an emulator.The game is a clone of megaman.Nothing new, nothing original,nothing more.2 minutes stages with a boss fight and that´s it.The boss fights are fun , hard , and require skill and the right equipment.The game art is ok.No one cares about the main character , the waifu bosses , story is meehhhhh.But again , saying that this game is BAD is unfair.If there was a neutral recommendation , that would be the best."
,Not Recommended,564150,30092164,Posted: 21 February,all,ParallaxScroll,controls are butt poop
76561198078814904,Not Recommended,564150,29703637,Posted: 4 February,all,ImCaek,Game sucks on a keyboard
,Recommended,564150,31886756,Posted: 21 May,all,Dalek Sec,"Somewhat important:This game has locked up my system into a state where I have no options but a forced reboot. It appears to happen when playing on Windows 10 in fullscreen mode (which, I think, is the default, so watch out). Infact, I have previously written a negative review for this game just because of this issue alone. I have, however, found a fix since. To fix this, either play windowed or set the compatibility flag onrks.exeto Windows 8.---Rosenkreuzstilette (RKS for short from here on) is a platformer very much akin to that of the original, classic Mega Man/Rockman series by Capcom. Infact, I would say that it plays almost identically. Mechanically, RKS is the closest to MM4 I guess, since it includes the charge shot which didn't exist until that point. It borrows the idea of the intro stage from Megaman X, although no other mechanics from that game seem to be present. Thematically, however, it's nothing like those games. Instead of a bunch of something-men, every character in this game appears to be female. Instead of a gun that shoots lemons, you get spells (you still do shoot lemons, though), and the whole thing is themed around magic rather than robots. Gameplay-wise, RKS is very enjoyable and mechanically polished, heck, it's even more polished than the original Mega Man games were. The graphics are quite appealing, and the music in this game is justphenomenal. I really wish that the developers made the soundtrack available for purchase. The game is actually older than it seems, however. The Steam release date isn't the actual release date of the game, which is back in 2007 -- it just didn't come to Steam until ten years later. The reason I mention this is that it appears that the controller support that exists within RKS doesn't quite play well with modern controllers. Some people are unable to use their D-pad (which is kind of a big deal, since the D-pad is what you'd play Mega Man with, normally), and my Steam controller isn't recognised by this game at all. Using the Steam Controller Configurator, however, will allow you to map controller inputs to keyboard buttons, which will allow you to use any modern controller with this game, as long as it's supported by Steam (this means the PS4, XBox 360/One controllers, and, of course, the Steam controller). Additionally, the game insists on using a password system instead of having save files. With the red balls and everything, just like the classic Mega Man games did on the NES. And while I get that they're doing this for the retro feel, it's honestly a bit silly and I wish they'd go for save files instead -- I, personally, don't see the point of carrying over the inconveniences of that era, since we have much better ways to do things now. Another thing I've noticed is that achievements don't seem to unlock at all, which is kind of weird. Wonder if that's related to the compatibility flag. Overall, however, RKS is an amazing experience, after a few tweaks here and there, and I'm really looking forward to playing more of the game."
,Recommended,564150,34161344,Posted: 10 August,all,The Colonel,"the second best classic mega man game on steam, i highly recommend if you want the bosses in grolla mode to make you want to die"
,Recommended,564150,34587250,Posted: 29 August,all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"So, here's an awkward confession: this was the game that got me into Mega Man. I *had* played through all of the games in the Mega Man Anniversary Collection once before this (on Easy mode), but I didn't really get into it at the time. After playing this game, I replayed the classic Mega Man series on the proper difficulty, and became a huge fan of the series, playing each game many times. Then I got into Mega Man X as well. For this reason, RKS holds a fond place in my heart; fonder, I think, than most other people.I would be remiss not to mention it, and I may as well do so up front: the art is pretty embarrassing. On top of that, almost every character in the game is young, female, and sexualized. Funny enough, the concept of RKS was originally intended for a pornographic work before it was used to make this technically-not-pornographic game, and it shows. The worst part is that one of the characters in this game appears to be quite underaged, and wears the least clothes of any character in the game. If that's reason enough for you not to get the game at all, that's probably a good decision, honestly. If you do get this game, don't play this game with people around. I will argue, however, that this game has enough good points that it is worth overlooking all of that and getting it, depending on how well you can tolerate such things.I held off on reviewing this game for a while because I couldn't make it go fullscreen. That was a bad enough problem for me not to play the game, which was a shame because I wanted to replay the game after all this time. (The original, non-Steam version has the same bug. It's an incompatibility with modern operating systems and screen sizes, not a bug introduced in the Steam version.) I didn't want to leave a negative review saying ""plz fix the fullscreen bug"", but I couldn't feel good about recommending the game while it had that bug, so I didn't review it at all. I'm glad I can now review this game positively.Rosenkreuzstilette is a shameless clone of Mega Man in the gameplay department. You want to know what this game is like? It's exactly like Mega Man. There you go. The character controls exactly the same, you fight 8 unique bosses in an order of your choosing, get their weapons, and then you go to the bad guy's castle for the game's last stages.So how is RKS as a Mega Man game? Quite good, actually. If I were to rank all of the classic Mega Man games from best to worst on their own merits, and I included RKS in there, RKS would be near the top. It's got attractive graphics and music, and the stage design is fun and fresh, blending references to Mega Man and other games with original concepts. A lot of the classic Mega Man games have annoying parts or flaws that make me not want to replay them (MM1-3), or are just plain unmemorable (MM4-6). RKS has neither problem. It's very replayable thanks in part to the Steam achievements and a bonus mode I won't spoil here.The classic Mega Man gameplay never adapted properly to the advanced capabilities of 16-bit machines; MM7, MM8, and Mega Man & Bass all ""feel"" different from MM1-6, due to the larger sprites and slightly different controls. The games are competent, but they don't feel like the classic games. RKS, on the other hand, feels exactly the same, despite the nicer graphics. erka:es does what Capcom't. (Err... let's pretend that joke made sense and move on.)Put on Arcade Mode to turn off cutscenes. If you've read my reviews of Final Fantasy 8 or Freedom Planet, you'll know I'm perfectly capable of ripping apart a badly written story. RKS's story is decently constructed, but has one fatal flaw; cutscenes are *too damn long*, and there's nothing in the story to capture your interest. If you put on Arcade Mode, the story is told without dialog, Sonic 3 & Knuckles style, so you can imagine a better story than the one the game actually has.So, if you like Mega Man, and you can tolerate some of this game's more embarrassing aspects, I can strongly recommend this game. It's one of the best Mega Man fan games out there."
