user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,564230,33446316,Posted: 10 July,all,jml,"It's Fire Pro Wrestling on PC.Barely any non-wrestling fans will care about this game. Huge wrestling fans will probably love it. If you're already a Fire Pro fan you already know you want this so I won't have to sell you on it. This review is intended for everyone else.Q: But I already have WWE 2k, why get this when the graphics look 20 years old?A: Customization and gameplay.FPW only comes with a couple dozen fictional characters but that's where the Steam workshop support comes in. You're going to be able to download any of the big-name wrestlers (and lots of lesser-known ones) from all kinds of different promotions. If you come from WWE 2k you're probably thinking that's not a huge selling point because you know that even the best created wrestlers in WWE 2k usually look they they don't fit in perfectly compared to the wrestlers already in the game. That's not the case with Fire Pro. The best created wrestlers look just as good and fit in just as well as the wrestlers already in the game. With a fanbase as dedicated as Fire Pro's, in theory you can end up with a roster of 1000 wrestlers that mostly look and play really well (there's no limit to the amount of wrestlers you can download). Then throw a bunch of them in some mega league and see what happens.Then there's the actual wrestling which may feel like a gigantic breath of fresh air compared to the stale, joyless gameplay found in the WWE 2k series. The basic jist of it is that you have to start out small with minor strikes and whatnot and work your way up before you can start doing your big moves like powerbombs and piledrivers. If you try doing one of your biggest moves early on it probably won't be successful and your opponent will counter it. It's even fun to watch cpu vs cpu matches because every move feelsright.I didn't mean for this review to just bash 2k left and right but in many ways this game is the anti-WWE 2k. 2k has all kinds of bells and whistles, career modes, universe modes, etc. Fire Pro doesn't have that, it's very straightforward. You can play some mission modes but the bulk of your gameplay will be in exhibition, tournament, or league (think G1 climax) matches. So if you want to get a game for the actual gameplay, get this. If you want to get a game with career modes, this in all honesty might not be for you. It's a niche game for sure but it does what it does very well."
,Recommended,564230,33475753,Posted: 12 July,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"When I was young I collected wrestling action figures.I'd keep them neat and store them up on my dresser. I spent many Saturday afternoons arranging battles and building up storylines. If I had a ring playset I'd use that - or just the corner of the kitchen table; didn't matter becauseit was my imagination and creativity that made the fun.Fire Pro Wrestling Worldgives you the whole playset, and a bit more.Those that need to be spoon fed a story will be disapointed. But on the other hand, if you want ultimate creative control andawesomegameplay, you are in for a real treat. I've loved wrestling games since the N64, and I gotta say that this title has more customization than I've ever seen. Just outstanding.Pros:+Even after little playtime -I get it.I see the vision and understand what sets this apart from all the other wrestling games. Instead of feeding you fish, they give you the fishing rod. The sky is the limit.+At first the artwork was just slighly off-putting. The trailer doesn't do it justice. Now I find it incredibly charming. You have to understand how modular the wrestlers are and the deep customization.+Controls are great, and in fact I'd give it a second thought about buying if you are not using a controller.+This is perhaps the best implementation of Steam Workshop that I've ever seen.+Even though its Early Access, this baby is ready to go.+The price is cheap considering what you get.Cons:-Music is 'meh' and I look forward to add your own songs feature.-Now I'm not talking about grappling here, but the actual punching system doesn't always connect due to the sprite system; I'm fine with it, but it is a weak point.This could end up being my favorite wrestling game of all time.This is one digital sandbox game that I'm oh-so excited to revisit those Saturday afternoons with."
,Recommended,564230,33563215,Posted: 15 July,all,JanssenMcC,"In my first match I had a wild brawl with Kenny Omega that ended with Omega criticaling me with a One Winged Angel in the Korakuen Hall entry way and winning with a count out.I was playing as Frank ""The Trashman"" ReynoldsThis is the best game of 2017, hands down."
,Recommended,564230,33445484,Posted: 10 July,all,jncos,"The fact that this game even exists is a minor miracle. I can rest easy now, knowing that when I wake up in a few days there will be approximately every wrestler who ever set foot in the ring available to download for free from the workshop."
,Recommended,564230,33915045,Posted: 30 July,all,A Cute Girl,Stop giving 2K your money and buy this.
,Recommended,564230,33738528,Posted: 23 July,all,Iron Mike,"Never played a Fire Pro Wrestling game until today. Went to Mission Mode to learn the ropes and fell in love. Highly recommended. This coming from someone who no longer watches wrestling. I've only played about 2 hours so far and regret ignoring the series for so long, I always judged it by its cover and felt like it would play like the old WWF games on snes, boy was I wrong. I never write reviews on here but I had to do one for this game."
,Recommended,564230,33471590,Posted: 11 July,all,Kiririn51,"A bit rough around the edges because it's early access, but as is this is already pretty goddamn solid. Everything we love about Fire Pro Wrestling is right here and better than ever.If you're coming from Returns, this is what's missing as far as I've seen on day 1 of Early Access:Logo editorMatchmakerK-1 ModeTokyo Dome arenaSchool Gym arenaMedium size arenaDojo arena (the current one called like that is like a lame performance center-like)If they add all this plus new features on top of the new stuff already in this build, it will be the ultimate Fire Pro experience!Thank you everyone involved in this game for the great chance to play Fire Pro in the current generation. The champ is back!Will change review as Early Access goes on."
,Recommended,564230,33444953,Posted: 10 July,all,Abboriginal Hellcase.com,"Amazing is all i can say about this masterpiece. Has captured the look and feel of its predecessor's while stepping into the current gen. With more polish and and few more feature this is going to be a classic for all time. AAAAAA++++++ ( Would love to see it come to the nintendo switch :p ""Hint Hint"" )"
76561198052610539,Recommended,564230,33446971,Posted: 10 July,all,Death From Above,"I want to be clear up front, that I was never a giant Fire Pro fanboy in the old days. Always was aware of it, liked it fine, was never in love. I've been gaming since the 80's, into the world wrestling scene since the early years of the internet being mainstream, back when we used to trade VHS tapes through the mail to see foreign wrestling because something like Youtube was science fiction. I've played just about every wrestling game from 8-bit up at some point. And my main wrestling interests tend to fall in the late 80's early 90's.But man, we've been starved for YEARS for a decent wrestling game. Honeslty for early access this is pretty great, and already in better shape than some finished games I've played. The editor looks really, really cool and the most complete we've had access to in a new game for years. The game itself is classic fire pro, very easy to pick up and learn quickly. Menus are all fine. Didn't hit any obvious bugs in my first 2 hour session or so, game is stable. No real complaints. I can't wait to see some of the historic wrestling packs roll out on this. Steam Workshop exists for projects like this game.Life's good."
,Recommended,564230,33468440,Posted: 11 July,all,Skele Dodger,This game gave me the platform to get destroyed by Dave Meltzer in an exploding barbed wire landmine deathmatch.
,Recommended,564230,33490271,Posted: 12 July,all,Big Bang Blitz,There are over 600 different types of beards in this game. Yes this is not a proper review. What else do you need to know?WHAT?!
,Recommended,564230,34056907,Posted: 6 August,all,Fab2cent,Jinder Mahal beat Hollywood Hulk Hogan in a 41 minute steel cage match for the World Heavyweight Championship10/10
76561197968027035,Recommended,564230,33703517,Posted: 21 July,all,Senses Working Overtime,This game makes me want a refund for every other wrestling game i ever bought
,Recommended,564230,34280996,Posted: 16 August,all,kuribo,I can finally play my dream match with stark realism--- The Yeti vs. Mantaur in an exploding barbed wire deathmatch!
,Recommended,564230,33445229,Posted: 10 July,all,Frogzilla1,This game leaves me speechless.......... it is just sooo good. once you get the hang of the timing based wrestling its really fun. One of the best parts is the workshop wrestlers that you can download are only .7 FLIPPING KILIBYTES!!!!!
76561198050345765,Recommended,564230,33797735,Posted: 25 July,all,Biz Nastee,"Well, we really don't know what we're dealing with here, man, because we might just blow the whole planet up, ya know. Everybody knows that Fire Pro Mania is the strongest force in this universe. But when I hit that ring, and I saw what the Fire Pro Madness was all about, I realized that there's a whole other universe out there, a whole other frontier. Unbelieveable!  I'm still in a state of shock right now. In fact I don't think I'm gonna come down for a long period of time, yeah! Reckless abandon is what it used to be, but the Big Man endorsed Fire Pro Madness and it gave me direction! Reckless abandon used to be, but the direction now is the Fire Pro Mega Power, yeah! I feel the Power right now. I'm alright, in fact I've never been better. I'm just worried about where we're going from here. Is it the stratosphere, man? Is it the ionosphere? With the Madness and the Mania, as one guiding force, we could go ahead and take the whole Fire Pro Wrestling World!"
,Recommended,564230,33576934,Posted: 15 July,all,BigK64,"After over a decade since the last game (the XBOX Arcade game notwithstanding) the legendary wrestling series, Fire Pro Wrestling, is back!Though it is currently in Early Access the game is a major improvement from its predecessor and manage to add new features to the game.Pros+ It retains that classic 2D arcade like gameplay that is based on precission and timing.+ Edit Mode improved a lot by having hair and faces seperate, as well as adding more layers making for more creative freedom in creating wrestlers.+ New moves and a fun new system in the form of Strike Exchange.  It sure as hell better than Test of Strength.+ Mission Mode allows players to not only get familar with the game's overall mechanics but also give them a challenge which would allow them to unlock new moves and parts for Edit Mode.+ Fire Pro and Steam Workshop is a match made in heaven for content creators who want to share their original edits online.Cons- The game is still in Early Access, so there are bound to be some bugs that would annoy the player.-  Color Gradient from the last Fire Pro game is gone, ridding the players one source of creative freedom.Overall, its an excellent starting point in the development that I look forward to see improved over time with more cotent and fixes made on excisting glitch.  I salute you Spike Chunsoft for actually bringing back this game and giving it a Steam release!"
,Recommended,564230,33992549,Posted: 3 August,all,Jazz,Live your fantasy matches that will never happen such as:Undertaker vs. StingThe Young Bucks vs. The RevivalCM Punk vs. Stone Cold Steve AustinDaniel Bryan vs. Kurt AngleAJ Styles vs. Kenny OmegaRoman Reigns vs. Someone that could put him over
76561198050859889,Recommended,564230,33772396,Posted: 24 July,all,Chef Goldblum,I wanted to see what would happen if Alexa Bliss ever challenged Brock Lesnar to a Landmine Death match.... Guys... I dont want to talk about it.....
,Recommended,564230,33524836,Posted: 13 July,all,szL,"It has been nearly 10 years since the release of the last legit Fire Pro Wrestling Game (FPReturns), and it's actually hard to believe it's real.A little backstory:I used to be in love the with Fire Pro Wrestling games in my early teens (circa 1998), and used to be one of those nerds taking part in the ""SFPWXP Animations"" forums, with those silly custom moves, rings, weapons and tables that we used to make with PaintShop Pro.  (MST3Claye where are you now?)Being in North America, and not well-off, it was difficult to get Fire Pro Wrestling G when it was released for Playstation (PSX) in Japan in 1999.  I had a friend on IRC send me a burnt copy through the mail, and I tried to use (the wrong version of) Pro Action Replay but only got it to work once for a few minutes before it only decided to freeze my console any other time I would attempt to boot it.My affinity for wrestling and associated video games dwindled as i grew into adulthood, but one day in 2010, I randomly visited a Pawn Shop in Montreal, QC and happened to find a copy of Fire Pro Wrestling Returns for Ps2, which I didn't even know existed at this point.  So I picked it up for $9.99 and fell back in love with Fire Pro.  Even until I heard the announcement about Fire Pro Wrestling World, I would still sometimes boot up the old ps2 and play FPR for a bit.  Only recently did I decide to emulate it on my PC and use the mass amounts of perfect CAWs out there.And now here we are.  Alas, the everlasting dream has come to pass.  There exists, a proper PC version of a Fire Pro Wrestling game.  And it really is a Fire Pro game, to the core.  The look, the feel, the music, menus, customization options, etc.  It's actually here!!!Obviously, the game will be tough to digest for newer/younger gamers out there who have never heard of Fire Pro games, but hopefully this game is good enough to spark a new movement (because we desparately need some good CAW makers).Congratulations to the Spike Chunsoft.  You revived what everyone thought was dead!"
,Recommended,564230,33445017,Posted: 10 July,all,Thrillhaus,"Fire Pro Wrestling on the PC - I never thought I'd see the day.If you know what Fire Pro is I don't really have to tell you anything other than this is the game that you are looking for, and that's about it.On the other hand if you're interested in one of the best wrestling games out there but need to know a little bit more then by all means watch a few videos and/or give this a go. You're going to find some awesome customisation straight out of the gate and even more incoming (probably already there by the time you read this) due to the Workshop support for this game - which is going to receive a ton of it. The Fire Pro community is rabid - they were getting custom rosters on the PS2 every way they could manage, so finally with some official tools I wouldn't be surprised to see every wrestler who has laced up a pair of boots available in one way or another - and if they aren't there, the tools are there to easily make them yourself with as much or little control as you want!Having a misison mode is great for guidance and to teach new comers the basics although there are still some things that it doesn't full cover - not that you can't figure them out by playing the game at your own pace, but don't be afraid to look up a guide or two if the need arises.Simulating matches is also half the fun of Fire Pro and everything is there for this portion of it as well.. an all around great initial release with more on the way!"
,Recommended,564230,33445350,Posted: 10 July,all,HowlingMan,I feel like the Cowboy from Mulholland Drive appeared to me and told me if I did good this game would appear. This game has appeared. It is everythig you want and more from a Pro Wrestling game. Sign your soul to the virtual man that is Spike Chunsoft and regret nothing. Brilliantly put together with tons of depth for me to submerge myself in for eons.
,Recommended,564230,34358723,Posted: 19 August,all,cptnapalm,"It is hard to fathom how much value the Steam Workshop adds to this game, even in Early Access.  There are currently about 13,000 things you can download.Young Bucks vs the Road Warriors in their AWA days?  Done.George Hackenschmidt, the original World Champion vs CM Punk.  Regular match or steel cage?Misawa vs Omega?  Yes, please.Like Hulk Hogan?  80s WWF, 90s nW0 and even 1979 WWWF are available.Bullet Club vs the Fabulous Freebirds?  Not a problem.Asuka vs Mae Young?  Bet on it.Okada vs Lou Thesz?  Absolutely.Hayabusa vs Dynamite Kid in exploding barbwire?  Line it up.Experience jaw dropping moments like Vader tapping out to Blue Demon Jr.'s ankle lock, Samoa Joe defeating CM Punk for the WWE title, Naito pinning Tanahashi after more than 30 minutes of bruising action and Joe Louis KOing Mike Tyson."
76561198135465111,Recommended,564230,33445761,Posted: 10 July,all,Martin062081,This is the only Wrestling game you need on your pc
,Recommended,564230,33473733,Posted: 12 July,all,Scourge Washington,"I cant say thank you hard enough. After suffering though the sloppy 2k ports with a forced smile, and the endless wait for Pro Wrestling X to be playable. Long have we, the pc wrestling fans suffered, only to be delivered into the evergreen Elysian fields of Fire Pro. How carefree we now are, allowed to tussle and frolic with bulging, sweaty men. The joyous cacophony of anguished grunts as we apply hold after hold, transitioning from standing headlocks, to more complicated, technical locks. We are in the realm of the angels now, my brothers. Rejoice! Clap your hands! Stamp your feet! We deserve it!"
,Recommended,564230,33511601,Posted: 13 July,all,RussTech,MACHO MADNESS IS RUNNIN' WILD WITH FIRE PRO RASSLIN' ON STEAM OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH YEEEEEEEEEAAAAHHHHH!!!
,Recommended,564230,33575218,Posted: 15 July,all,Walshy,"Coming from a WWF/E Games fan and never played a Fire Pro before. this is amazing. Theres also an MMA Mode in here which is awesome, just need custom arenas now."
,Recommended,564230,33961192,Posted: 1 August,all,Zombie Horse,"I've been a fan of wrestling games since the N64 days, and a fan of Fire Pro since the GBA.Releasing on the PC was probably the best decision for this series since they started it 25 years ago.There's a little bit of lag in menus, when selecting characters or moving them to promotions, but I'm confident Spikechunsoft will address these in time.The available match types are more than enough, and with the knowledge that they will add more is just icing on the cake.The edit mode is second to none in any game, let alone wrestling games. You can truely create any wrestler you want, and with updates I can only see it get better.Spikechunsoft knocked it out of the park with this one, which I'm certain their team extremely proud of."
76561198405645992,Recommended,564230,33733132,Posted: 22 July,all,enciosedrage,"Love the game. I remember seeing the guys at the local game store play the original as a kid. When I was in my early teens I got my hand on the gameboy advance version of fire pro and I've been a fan of the series since. The community on steam made it easy for me to set up a detailed roster of ROH, WWE, NJPW, UFC and fantasy characters that I can set up dream matches with for days! Only complaint and its not really a complaint is that I wish there was a season mode."
,Recommended,564230,33528699,Posted: 13 July,all,Flotilla,"This game is easily the most fun I've ever had with a character creation system. As someone who didn't enjoy wrestling that much going into FPW, the sheer amount of options you have for creating wrestlers made this game an instant favorite for me. There's something deeply satisfying about seeing your own creations suplexing each other in a blood-stained ring.Fire Pro Wrestling World came out in early access only a couple of days ago, but it doesn't feel barebones, and I don't feel starved for content. The news that FPWW will be receiving free content updates throughout its early access cycle is just a bonus to me, even; it's edging on perfect as it is, minus the occasional bugs.100% recommend to wrestling fans, character creator fetishists, and anyone who wants to see Homer Simpson curbstomp Goku."
,Recommended,564230,33473899,Posted: 12 July,all,GreaterMuta,"After 12 long years there is FINALLY a new Fire Pro Wrestling game. And what a game it is!! True to the original games in both style and substance. A very deep game where matches play out like five star classics. Maybe the learning curve is a little steeper than your average WWE game. But the rewards for taking the time to learn how to play are fantastic and realistic matches. Then of course there is the edit mode, the real meat of the game if you will. You can create literally anybody in Fire Pro's unique style. Rings and belts can be created too. And if you aren't the creative type and just want to download some new wrestlers to your game. Well this can be done via Steam workshop, where there are already over 1,200 edits just 30 hrs after release. Edits don't just look like your favourite wrestlers, they also fight like them due to a deep set of variables you can alter during their creation, you actually edit their logic! In short, Fire Pro Wrestling World is the best $20 you'll spend if you're a wrestling fan looking for a fun and rewarding game play experience."
76561198055633991,Recommended,564230,33532031,Posted: 14 July,all,Estolcles,"Take note that I'm writing this having bought and played Early Access version 0.9001. A lot of stuff will hopefully pop up and be added when it's finally released as a finished package.Anyone who played Fire Pro Returns will/should instantly know how to get right into the game once getting used to the new look and presentation.I'll hit the flaws first ((OF WHICH, most will probably be rectified before the final product is released)) :- Not many venues- No Logos (and with it, no fan-made logos for download)- Minimal music-1) Only 3 options for during matches-2) Only 5-6 options for entrances-2.1)AND WITH THAT there's no way to preview the songs- Belt Edit has been cut down from it's slightly-deeper version on Fire Pro Returns.-1) You can only choose the belt and medallion set. You can no longer choose your front plate seperate from your side plates.-2) No actual NEW belt content. Everything's from Fire Pro Returns.-3) The game still can divide characters and titles by Selectable Weight Class (which should be auto-detected when you enter in their weight in the Wrestler Editor), but still not Men/Women. If you download him from the workshop, and make a women's championship, the game will let you win a Women's Title as WWE's Big Show, but NOT if it's designated specifically for juniorweights. Still irks the crap outta me when setting up title matches to watch.- Very few original-base-content game characters to chose from without downloading or creating new characters.- Not much -actual- *NEW* edit content in the character visual editing. (Most of it is disassembled Fire Pro Returns content just taken apart, cleaned up, and made usable seperately.)- No real story whatsoever. ((ALTHOUGH! This has been a constant of the series. AND THE ONE TIME IT HAD A STORYLINE, it ended with *20+ Year Old SPOILER!* the player as world champion comitting suicide. So yeah. Thanks Suda51.))WITH ALL THAT NEGATIVITY DONE FOR,HERE'S WHY THE HELL YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY BUY THIS GAME NOW if you HAVEN'T played a Fire Pro GAME BEFORE!!! :- Number of characters you can have in your game, thanks to user made content in the Steam Workshop.- Number of wrestling moves in the game.- Depth of the Create A Wrestler (to the point where you edit the character's ""psychology"" so when the computer plays the character, it plays them how you intended them to be played/used).- More intuitive gameplay (this ain't your traditional button-masher wrestling game).- Number of match styles available/possible.- YOU CAN HAVE A WRESTLING BEAR!!!!1! ((Which there have been many of in the actual world of professional wrestling. Not really since the 1970's, but still, there were a bunch of them.))- Setting the computer to fight itself is NOT ONLY an option you can chose, but AT TIMES can produce wrestling matches that are MORE ENTERTAINING and ENGROSSING than a lot of current actual professional wrestling.AND IF YOU HAVE PLAYED A FIRE PRO WRESTLING TITLE BEFORE, HERE'S WHY YOU SHOULD BUY IT!!!!! :- For the first time, Fire Pro has, for all intents and purposes, no limit of how many created ANYTHING you have for the game. Always previously hampered by the size of files and abilities of memory cards and cartridges, there's always been a limit on your edits/creations. NOW, the limit is the size of the drive you install the game on and the abilities of your brain and the Steam Workshop. Add to this that the size of the files of most downloadable user content is less than a tenth of a megabyte. ((A load of decently made, and highly edited, user made content characters are less than the size, data-storage-wise, of a 129kb-sized ROM of the original game that was the spiritual father of the Fire Pro series: Nintendo Pro Wrestling on the NES. ))- NEW MOVES!!!!!!!!1!!!!!- WAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY Easier to use Wrestler Editing/Creating. With the ability to now make 3 alternate costumes for your homemade edits, as opposed to Fire Pro Returns, with it's no alternate costumes for homemade edits. ALSO, you can now see your character in full front and back when editing, so you know how the whole costume looks without having to put the character in a match first.- The game's internal logic has been tuned up a bit more from Returns, which is impressive.- And ok, let's be realistic here for a moment: if you're already a FirePro fan, then the fact that it's the newest TRUE Fire Pro game in a DECADE ((We won't discuss the Xbox Live title...)), AND that it's STILL THE SAME GAME ONLY BETTER is really all you want or need to know. Just now, some of the technological advantages we have since FirePro Returns make a lot of the CAW and CAR ((Create-A-Ref)) stuff easier, which makes the matchmaking possibilities virtually endless....SO yeah. Go. Buy now while it's still $20. You'll be glad before it ends up going up in price.HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHLY RECOMMENDED. 2 THUMBS UP. 4.?STARS AT THE MOMENT, CAPABLE OF 5 WITH THE FINAL FINISHED PRODUCT!!!!! BUY BUY BUY!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,564230,33530564,Posted: 14 July,all,UncrownedHero0,The last pro wrestling game you will ever need
,Recommended,564230,33500660,Posted: 13 July,all,Randus Mal'dune,"The best part, is after you win a match, you may continue the beating while the bell is rung in vain."
76561198254924539,Recommended,564230,33806667,Posted: 26 July,all,ZeBrotherNero,Just bought this game not knowing if I would like it so i waited a week or 2 to see if it would go on sale. Then I came to the solution to buy it today and OMG BEST DECISION OF MY LIFE. This game is very very VERY good. And seeing as they will continue to improve this game it will get even better!!!!! So if you don't know whether to get it or not JUST DO IT!!!You won't regret it.
76561198198065346,Recommended,564230,33585397,Posted: 16 July,all,NamaTamago,"The customization is too overwhelming..but that's a good thing.Awesome workshop creation, i can play with virtually any wrestler(or not wrestler) i want. even character like Hatsune Miku or Spongebob is there to fight in barbedwire deathmatch. that's awesome.But i enjoy watching it more than playing it. Just give me General Manager mode, and it will be 100/10.Worth every money."
,Recommended,564230,33448517,Posted: 10 July,all,Space Bear,In less then five hours after the game released there were already about 250 characters added to the workshop. If you're looking for tons of good wrestling content to fill the void in your heart those WWE 2K games left this is absolutely the game to get.
,Recommended,564230,33471315,Posted: 11 July,all,Charkles,"It's the same, original Fire Pro that you love, brought to you on the PC- in ENGLISH.Workshop allows for seemless roster updates that no longer require weird third party methods anymore.Get it. It's good; Gameplay is a lot more challenging than the competitor.Make fantasy promotions, make historic matches, make a bear fight John Cena. Whatever your wrestling heart desires, Fire Pro can provide that. It provides it even quicker when there is a bigger playerbase."
76561198090994883,Recommended,564230,34472591,Posted: 24 August,all,sudoecho,"In 1998 I decided that Super Fire Pro X Premium was the greatest wrestling game ever made, an opinion I held onto until today when I purchased Fire Pro Wrestling World. This is the greatest wrestling game ever made. It takes many of the elements that made X Premium amazing, and enhances them. The depth of the CAW customization is ridiculous, and there is also a staggering amount of pre-made wrestlers available for dowload in the community workshop. If you're the type of person that wonders what would happen if New Jack teamed up with Baron Von Raschke to take on Bobby Eaton and Fandango in a barbed wire death match, then this is the game for you. It's exciting to think that it is still only Early Access; I would love to see some kind of career mode in the future. A must have for Fire Pro fans, and wrestling fans in general. 10/10."
,Recommended,564230,34046384,Posted: 5 August,all,Masamune,Spent more time watching fights than actually fighting.
,Recommended,564230,33446326,Posted: 10 July,all,Arachnid Soul,It's Fire Pro. It looks & feels like a modern version of what we all love...because it is. You can play on or offline. Playing online works well & is very user friendly. You can also download (from Workshop) or upload real world fighters or created fighters. If you've been wanting to play a wrestling or even MMA game that you'll actually enjoy...this is the game. Congrats to the devs. They nailed it.
,Recommended,564230,33506874,Posted: 13 July,all,LordBarker,"Never felt compelled to leave a review before, but this game is superb! If you're an old school wrestling fan and want a game with great mechanics i.e. NOT WWE 2K17, pick this up. Amazing."
,Recommended,564230,33890471,Posted: 29 July,all,Razvanel213 CORE!Frisk,"After 10 years of waiting, a new Fire Pro Wrestling game has been released and it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!If you've played a Fire Pro game before, then you already know what to expect, the gameplay remains mostly unchanged.The default roster of the game is.....uh....underwhelming, but thankfully the game has workshop support, so I suggest downloading a few hundred wrestlers before playing (I have 330 downloaded wrestlers as of this review).A cool addition that I like is when the wrestlers start going blow for blow until one of them, or both fall to the ground. It really adds a bit more realism to the matches.A thing that I've been having problems with is the online play. I've currently played 10 matches and 9 of them had latency issues. My inputs would be recognised 1 second after I pressed the buttons and that really messes with my timing in normal matches. I hope this gets fixed soon.All in all, I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves wrestling games and wrestling games in general."
76561198256212642,Recommended,564230,33631335,Posted: 18 July,all,SirStuckey,"My first Fire Pro game after being interested in the series for awhile.PROS:- Game play is very fun once you get a handle on the controls- Creating wrestlers is very addicting- Nearly endless array of wrestlers available via workshopCONS:- Creating attires could be a bit more expansive. Simple things like the ability to move designs around or allowing certain things being on only one arm or leg would go a long way.- A few notable omissions in moves. I know every move is never going to make the cut but some being missing feels pretty glaring. Hopefully will be added eventually with the main game, DLC, or just slowly trickled out through patches.- Priority moves would be even better if you could attempt to chain two moves together that weren't relegated to the second one being a ground type move.- Game play wise I think rope breaks are a bit too sensitive, and strikes are not sensitive enough. I know eventually I will probably ""get"" striking so I will rarely miss but I don't think it needs to be so particular. I presume this is a hold out from the series so this will be labelled as blasphemy.While it's not the arcade-esque experience some people prefer in their wrestling games I think Fire Pro is nearly essential to at least try if you are a wrestling fan."
,Recommended,564230,34773087,Posted: 6 September,all,SamuraiSTALIN,"What can be said, that hasn't already been said, about the greatest wrestling game franchise in the world? A multitude of match types, game modes, thousands of CAWs already added to the workshop, and a multitude of fixes that already put this early access game a step above its predecessors.Did I mention you could have Voltron fight Mahatma Ghandi if you wanted to? That's a thing. Or how about Harry Potter vs. Terry Bogard? Sure, why the ♥♥♥♥ not. Buy it."
76561198012524305,Recommended,564230,33818788,Posted: 26 July,all,El Desparado,"Simpy put, its the best wrestling game ever made. Sure the roster out of the bag is pretty small but with Workshop enabled you can download almost any wrestler, character or even animal ever. If you can't find them you can make them yourself with a extremely deep and complex create a wrestler system. The gameplay is easy to learn and hard to master, with every character due to the extremely intricate logic system acting differently it makes even just sim'ing matches amazingly entertaining.If you are looking for a wrestling game on Steam then you cant get any better than this."
76561198007361174,Recommended,564230,34109824,Posted: 8 August,all,Rainchild33082,"Where do I begin. Fire Pro Wrestling is a franchise that got it right and kept getting it right all the way to now. Its not even a question. The 2K series is good for visuals but if you want the blood and guts, scientific, technical, and just has the stuff look no further than this. Its a wrestling fan's wrestling game. I can't even begin to start listing the reasons but i'll provide as much as my attention span will let me.The workshop here on Steam basically makes this game a must have. The cream of the crop in wrestling fans know this franchise. They know the wrestlers of past and present. They lived it as kids. Many of them grew up to become software engineers and ners o plenty. They create the best content any workshop game has ever had. The amount of wrestlers people have made for this game is ongoing. Forever. And Ever. It will never stop. If you think its just a cosmetic feature think again.This game plays the ""mentality"" of the wrestlers. From their skill set to the moves they'll use while under AI control. Its like magic. For the wrestling veterans think Ricky ""The Dragon"" Steamboats arm drags. The ones he'd hit two or three in a row to frustrate his opponent. This guy @Senator Phillip's made a content pack of wrestlers that include ""The Dragon"" and while watching a match with none other than Ric Flair, he hit a three piece of those and it took me back to watching those two go at it many a time on TBS. In game they'll give you a 20 minute classic just like the old days. Their matches were never under a 95% match rating and they were splitting the wins like the old days.Flair gives you the ""woooooo"" during his figure fours. The person doing the making of this create a wrestler NAILED the entire thing. Like a symphony of wrestling. I encourage you to see his work.If you want the stars of yesteryear battling with today's guys. Get this game.The Rock vs SteamboatAJ Styles vs. Flying Bryan PillmanHHH vs. Barry WindhamStone Cold Steve Austin vs. Brock LesnarGet the game. Watch the Matches. Play the classics"
,Recommended,564230,34877780,Posted: 10 September,all,TheHexUniverse,Great game with so many options for customization!
76561197986397211,Recommended,564230,35303209,Posted: 29 September,all,HekaDooM,"I don't even like Wrestling.I bought this due to the similarity to an Arcade game I played in my youth. Giant, chunky, almost segmented sprites slamming each other about. Impactful combat with a retro feel.Then I realised how deep this game is.The sheer number of moves performed from different positions in different situations.The monstrous character customisation potential which lets you create almost any character you desire, or import them in the likelihood that someone on the workshop has already made and uploaded them.The vast amount of matches and rulesets that can be combined to create your ultimate event.The list goes on. Additionally, a special word for the creators. They are a fantastic team who regularly interact with the fanbase, and are actively supporting features such as modding. Good guys who are worth supporting.So yeah, I don't like Wrestling, but I like this game for sure."
76561198041449993,Recommended,564230,33444898,Posted: 10 July,all,ohheyitskevin,There goes my life. :(
,Recommended,564230,33473678,Posted: 12 July,all,JonnyD,This game is dope and if you like dope games you should dope buy this game dope.
,Recommended,564230,33452155,Posted: 11 July,all,Xater,"Already this game plays great, is stable and has a lot of features. Well worth the price it is right now in Early Access.The Fire Pro community already started creating great wrestlers, and that will only get better as time goes on.It's so good to finally play a wrestling game again that has fun gameplay. Unlike the 2K trash...PS: The game needs very low specs. Even on my laptop with Intel HD 620 it runs at constant 60fps."
,Recommended,564230,33458164,Posted: 11 July,all,shadowcody47,"You get to watch Hulk Hogan bodyslam Andre the Giant at Wrestlemania 3, except here it was onto a barbed wire-covered landmine. And Andre still won."
,Recommended,564230,33504913,Posted: 13 July,all,luchagringo,"I've been playing this series since the Sega Saturn - back then, you had to import it from Japan and play it in Japanese.  I stuck with it through the Dreamcast, PSX, and PS2 incarnations, including the English and Japanese versions of the Gameboy Advance games.I even bought the horrible XBOX 360 one - don't worry, these guys had nothing to do with that one.  It doesn't count.  Forget it existed.I've been playing this series for almost 20 years, and am a loyal customer that buys everything as soon as it comes out - I had to get my hands on a new Firepro every time it dropped.What sucks is, it's been 12 years since the last one came out (I'm going by the Japanese release date, because I imported that one too).  So I've been playing that one for 12 years, thinking we're never getting a new Firepro again.NOW WE HAVE ONE.  Yeah, it's an early access title and there's still a little work to be done here or there, but this is everything I wanted from a new Firepro game, and more.  The overhaul of Wrestler Edit and the addition of layers has really let you make some revolutionary stuff.Mission mode is pretty fun.  I'm at around mission 25 or so, and completing it unlocks moves and edit points.  These are useful moves you're going to want in your game, too.Yeah, there's a learning curve for new people.  There was for me 20 years ago, but I was able to pick this up right away and start dropping mofos on their heads.  Once you learn to play, you're gonna have a great time.  Patience is key.  You'll get it, don't worry.If you're new to the series, your biggest obstacle to enjoyment is learning to play the game.  Mine was figuring out how to get it from Japan, getting it to run on my US console, and navigating a game completely in Japanese.  You're being handed everything!  Put the work in and you're gonna love it."
,Recommended,564230,33590118,Posted: 16 July,all,AMurderOfCrows,"I've been a Fire Pro fan for a very long time.  I started reading about Fire Pro back in 1996/1997, and my first Fire Pro game was 6men Scramble on the Sega Saturn.To this day, I still play 6ms.FPW (Fire ProWrestling World) is still in early access as of this review, so people who pick this up expecting the full game and all features *WILL* be disappointed.Beginners are brought through a tutorial mode, which is great as Fire Pro originally came out around the time of ""button masher"" wrestling games (think ""WWF SuperStars"" in the arcade).  Fire Pro is all about timing, and that timing needs to be learned and practiced.Fire Pro, in general, goes against the idea that all modern wrestling games need to be using 3D models.  Instead, it focuses on delivering silky smooth animation for moves, and an incredibly deep creation mode.  The results are often a mix of ""eh"" to ""wow, that's amazing!""  If your idea of a good game rests solely on 3D graphics models, you'll probably want to skip this one.  If you can get past that idea however, you'll find a deep, rich, and rewarding experieince.There are inherit limitations to this style of creation mode.  The game limits you to as many heads as it has, and you're tasked with finding a head to match up best with who (or what) you want to create.  Almost everything else can be created or worked around, and the creativity and imaginations of the Editors (guys who create Fire Pro Wrestler ""Edits"") can be mindblowing.  Of course, you will find Edits (community created wrestlers), both fantastic and fantastically bad, for sorts of ""Real"" wrestlers.  Want Stone Cold Steve Austin?  You'll find several.  Sting?  Yep.  AJ Styles?  He's in the workshop.  And while I'm a wrestling fan, particularly of the mid-late 80's through around june of 2000, the fantasy aspect is really where it's at for me.I'm a big fan of the Fighting Game Simulator ""MUGEN"", so much so that I work on a port for the original Xbox, ""NXMUGEN"".  MUGEN allows you to import assets from various 2D fighting games and simulate different systems, rules and environments.  You can literally cross old school Mortal Kombat with Street Fighter III characters and fight against Tom Hanks.  Fire Pro has been the closest the wrestling video game world has to MUGEN.  To me, one of Fire Pro's best features is the ability to create just about anyone For FPW alone, I've seen:Samas Aran (of ""Metroid"")Ryu, Ken, Blanka, Sagat, Akuma/Gouki, Dan, and others (of ""Street Fighter"")Optimus PrimeLink (of Zelda)Mario as a Ref (from Punch Out)Little Mac, King Hippo, Piston Honda, and others (from ""Punch Out"")Maui (as envisioned by Disney in ""Moana"")Starman (from the Nintendo game ""Pro Wrestling"")Characters from Rick and Morty, the Simpsons, Family GuyJim Sterling (the guy who does the YouTube channel ""The Jimquisition"")Last night, I showed this game to a friend by having a 3 on 3 match.  Street Fighter characters Ryu, Dan, and Zangief vs ""Sega Saturn Champion"" Segata Sanshiro, Maui ""The Demigod of the Wind and Sea"", and ""The Prolific Painter"" Bob Ross.  Satan was the ref.Let that sink in for a moment.We didn't even control the wrestlers ourselves for that match....we just watched what the CPU logic for each wrestler did, and even had a hand at commentating the match.  Once the match was over, the system rates the match on various (and currently somewhat unknown) criteria.And really, I think that is where Fire Pro shines as a series, and where FPW already shows its brightness:  You can utilize this game in a multitude of ways and still have fun.So, I'm gushing positivity on the game.  Now for some negatives.  Keep in mind, this is still early access, so things may change.  I expect many of these issues will be fixed as the community reports issues back to the developers, and there are a lot of items in this list that i'd say are more feature requests than anything else:1. The UI still needs a little improvement.  Some UI controls are just not very intuitive, and there is an overwhelming amount of Red in the menu systems.2. While your wrestler can have dozens of moves, the amount of front facing grapples a wrestler can have feels limited/dated.  With complex button schemes on modern controllers, i feel like it wouldn't take much more than a single button, used as a modifier, to at least double the amount of front grapples a wrestler could have.  THis doesn't take away from the fun of the game, but it would be nice to see.3. There are certain types of matches that probably can't happen in this game, such as Ladder or table matches.4. Marial Arts style characters still seem like more of an afterthought.  Movelists for strikers do not vary much, and it seems imposible to get a more ""pure"" martial artist build.  It is a wrestling game after all, but one of the first Edits i try to get is Bruce Lee, and I've always wanted to put him up against a Donnie Yen character.5. Despite being incredibly deep, the create-a-wrestler mode still suffers from limitations with regards to the amount of heads in the game.  It would be awesome if we could create our own heads, or even import heads into the game by means of a jpg.6. Imported wrestler lists have no means of filtering or organization.7. No ""create-a-move"" mode yet.  Hoping this happens eventually, but would settle for downloadable moves.Almost all my ""negative"" points are really more of a feature request, so you should see that this game is quite awesome.Overall, this is a great start to what has to be one of the most anticipated and celebrated wrestling game series ever put out, and i'm happy with what i've got so far."
,Recommended,564230,33619450,Posted: 17 July,all,Magi Wrestling Games Association,"First, special thanks to Spike-Chunsoft for keeping all the assets from Fire Pro Wrestling Returns Edit Mode. I was able to bring back a lot of my Magi Wrestling Federation wrestlers into the new experience.Most of my time with this game has been spent with Edit creation, which is longer than ever in Fire Pro Wrestling WORLD. I make my edit wrestlers from scratch and most of my time is spent in the appearance section (can't go to the skill section until I'm done with all four costumes) and CPU Logic. I spent the entire pre-release period collecting my resources just so that when I had the Early Access product, I could create my wrestlers quickly.I've not played it much. Menus run at 60fps and gameplay at 30fps, and that's my fault. But what little I have played of it, I love the new single player experience (Mission Mode, have only completed the first six tutorial missions) which reminds me of Fire Pro Wrestling G's Edit Ranking mode. I also played an Endless Battle Royal (my favorite mode) and was able to do pretty much each of the things I do in the games like landing strikes and performing grapples. With the characters I make, botching a dropkick is a laugh, so I have no issue with the striking. I've played a bunch of (terrible) wrestling wannabe games that have a lot of emphasis on striking it's not even funny.This is an Early Access product and an Early Access review, so all I'm going to say is that I've been able to do everything I wanted to do with just Early Access. I'm not a Fire Pro veteran, and I'm not an edit master (I just find a wrestler model, make a childlike/cute wrestler out of it, then tweak skills, parameters, moves and logic, if required) but I love this product. If there is something Fire Pro Wrestling G, Fire Pro Wrestling A, Fire Pro Returns and now, Fire Pro Wrestling WORLD have shown me, is that it is the only video game franchise with customization that has showcased my characters done right. From their appearances to their moves, only Fire Pro did it correctly.I have nothing else to say. When the game is finally released, maybe I'll do a more complete review.The Fire Pro Wrestling"
,Recommended,564230,34434224,Posted: 23 August,all,EddieLikesGames,"Really great game. Gameplay does take a while getting used to, but even if you just wanna watch two AIs go after each other it's still really fun.The Steam Workshop keeps being updated with countless new wrestlers everyday too, these creators are beatiful lee'l ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"
,Recommended,564230,33912761,Posted: 30 July,all,VxGasAttack,"I've been a fan of Fire Pro wrestling since being introduced to it on the Playstation (PSX). I think it was called Fire Pro Wrestling G. This is hands down my favorite wrestling game series. Also this game gets its roots from Pro Wrestling for the NES, which is another game I obsessed over as a kid.Fire Pro Wrestling world has not disappointed and I'm very excited to see what additions they make to this game over time. As it stands (in early access) it's already packed with a lot of fun and I've already put more time into it than I have with any other  game for the past couple of years.  Also being on the PC with the possibility of mods in the future gives this game the possibility of being the best wrestling game ever created.GET IT!"
,Recommended,564230,34337332,Posted: 18 August,all,Cage JRPG Fanatic,"This game is just amazing. More fun than any WWE 2K will ever make. This series is proof we don't need fancy graphics to enjoy our games.1: Buy this game.2: Download Mods of wrestlers from: TNA, WWE, WCW, NXT, Lucha Underground and New Japan Wrestling.3: Put them in a Battle Royal 6 Man Match on CPU4: Enjoy the madness of hours of enjoyment.Well worth the price I paid. Buy it if you're a fan of fun gameplay and never ending fun.9/10. The only downside I don't like about this game, you can't remove submission. The AI can tap out easily if they use it too much."
,Recommended,564230,33688990,Posted: 20 July,all,ReDGuNNiN,"Well worth the price of admission if you enjoy wrestling or MMA. The developers are actively releasing content and adding update patches until the game sees a full release on PC and PS4 platforms in 2018.The workshop is thriving with user-created content with something for everyone. If not, you can use the robust editor tools to make your own creations and share them with the world. No need to fiddle with emulation or old consoles, Fire Pro Wrestling has finally come to the PC!"
76561197972314234,Recommended,564230,33445658,Posted: 10 July,all,ProdigyN7,It's good to be home.  Fire Pro hasn't lost a step!  The workshop is making it easier than ever to import wrestlers.No more fumbling thru menus in a foreign language to attrmot to load wrestlers off of a dreamcast vmu (and praying you didn't accidentily hit delete).  No more converting game saves from the internet with an action replay!  No more whatever the hell the process was on PS3!!!Give up?
76561198025287227,Recommended,564230,33546590,Posted: 14 July,all,CB,"My last championship match came down to an exploding electric barbed wire deathmatch filled with weapons between Duke Nukem and Hatsune Miku, refereed by Mario in his PunchOut! getup... so yeah, apparently that is a thing that can happen in this game.https://youtu.be/BnLui1TjyxkI'm both intrigued and afraid of what will happen next match."
76561198025876322,Recommended,564230,33991161,Posted: 3 August,all,Hogen_,"Never played any of the Fire Pro games before, but I gave this a chance and I really enjoy it.It seems and looks simple, but there is a lot of depth to it.It's already fun in Early Access, so I expect it being even better after a while."
76561198217128528,Recommended,564230,33882350,Posted: 29 July,all,WMMAMM,"One of the best wrestling-games in recent history. Big shoes to fill after the great predecessor FPR (which still holds up incredibly well today), and - even in this very rudimentary early-access version the developers succeeded. Can't wait for all the coming updates!"
,Recommended,564230,33622291,Posted: 17 July,all,Nekro G,"Used to play these games I think originally on SNES? Either this or something very Similar with forks and other death match stuff it was super dope.Then I had a Gameboy advance game of Fire Pro and that too was a classic,This takes all that and makes it better, The Customization of this game is what makes it what it is, Limitless as far as I can tell, while WWE2k limits you to 100 create a wrestlers (caws).There are over 5,000 caws already in the workshop and it is updated 24/7 by the community,I Do have some thoughts on what it could improve on,-Custom Music Let us use MP3's please!-Battle Royals having more than 8 competitors-Tables and Ladders, Ring steps, more weapons in general.-Ladder Matches, Table Matches.-Title Entrances-The Abilitiy to sort Wrestlers on a team alphabetically automatically and then being able to reach any wrestler by typing that letter on the keyboard when in a stable-Better hit detection, its not bad by any means, but its not perfect.-Ability to upload rings and titles to workshop.-Ability to use custom images for rings and titles-Ability to make titles available to defend for anytype of match not just match specific.-Would like also to see trading cards.This game is still great as is, but make it greater by adding these!10/10"
,Recommended,564230,34021209,Posted: 4 August,all,WallBuilder2017,"Back in Late 90's/Early 2000's, wrestling games were everywhere, with great titles such as  the Smackdown, the early Smackdown vs Raw, and of course the old Aki wrestling games for the Nintendo 64. We got great wrestling experiences unlike the ones we get today from 2K studios. The wrestling games that 2k makes every year improve few things, and are lacking in features compared to the games from when we were kids. But if there was one game from that old period that stood out from the rest, it was Fire Pro Wrestling Returns (the sequel to the game “Fire Pro Wrestling”). It wasn't like any other game, it had old school 2D graphics, customization for nearly everything, and it had a fantastic grapple system, in short, the game was a masterpiece. The series began in Japan during the late 80’s, and none of the games from the series were sold outside of Japan until 2005. Sadly, this was the last Fire Pro game to be developed for another 10 years. But after waiting for so long, fans of the Fire Pro series are getting the sequel they’ve always wanted.Well, here it is, Fire Pro Wrestling Word, let’s talk about the customizability. The game is just as customizable as its previous installments, if not better. With the ability to create and edit wrestlers as well as referees, players are sure to love this game, though It is lacking in the amount of clothes you can put on a wrestler. you can create as many wrestlers as you want, as long as you have the space for it. You can also change the settings of matches with things like background music, DQ, count out, etc. The devs have also revealed on Twitter that they are going to allow you to upload custom music to use as wrestler entrance themes, as well as background music. One issue I had with the game was how complicated creating a custom wrestler was. You have to download them from the workshop, and then you have to go to create new wrestler/model wrestler to set them up to a promotion and team. This confused me as I spent multiple hours downloading wrestlers off the workshop only to not no where they were, I had to use google to figure it out.The grappling in this game is alot different than most wrestling games. The wrestlers grapple by walking into each other, then an animation plays of them locking up, where you need to go through a sort of quick time event in order to do a move. It takes a few hours to get used to it but when you do, It works great. Another Flaw I have is that in order to hit your opponent you have to be a precise distance away from them or it won’t connect.I must say for an early access game, it’s pretty clean, I have only discovered one real bug. Sometimes when a computer opponent has a weapon, their player model will start to turn in different directions really fast, which always make me dizzy whenever I see it. Overall this is a very high recommend for fans of the wrestling genre. I can’t wait for them to finish it, this could end up being the greatest wrestling game of all time, only time will tell. Finally, I give this game a 7/5 in true Dave Meltzer fashion due to its great customization, unique gameplay, and an affordable price."
,Recommended,564230,34297160,Posted: 16 August,all,Shinigami667,After 30 hours of gameplay I think I finally got the basics down. lol But seriously this game has been more entertaining than any WWE game I have bought in the last 15 years. I got hooked on this series since they had it on the GBA. Even though it's still in early access it's still a lot of fun and it only gets better with updates. Two things I wish they add eventually is a way to upload created Arenas to the workshop also in Battle Royale mode they need to make it where the random fighter button randomly refreshes new wrestlers each time when you hit the button instead of just the first time only. If your new to this series I would HIGHLY RECOMEND playing mission mode first to get used to the controls.
,Recommended,564230,35022771,Posted: 17 September,all,SimbaLion,"Fans of the Fire Pro series will not be disappointed by this title.Fans of Pro Wrestling games will probably enjoy it!If all you care about is 3D graphics and scripted cutscene sequences like the WWE games have, then this isn't for you. But if you want a solid wrestling game/simulator that allows you room to use your imagination to fill in the subtle parts, this is the best thing on the market right now, and it's not even finished!"
,Recommended,564230,34821804,Posted: 8 September,all,pkawesome,"This is Fire Pro, perfected."
,Recommended,564230,33590374,Posted: 16 July,all,aleavelle,Thank you for bringing this back in all of it's glory! I love Fire Pro and this game is one of the best in the series.
76561198055380148,Recommended,564230,33451989,Posted: 11 July,all,OctoberRaven,"I see tights of green,red shinguards too.I see CRITICAL!s,for me and you.And I think to myself,what a wonderful world."
,Recommended,564230,33597573,Posted: 16 July,all,kthorazine,"This is hands down the best pro-wrestling game available, well pretty much anywhere.  It might not be as shiny as the WWE games, but the depth of customization is amazing, and the matches actually feel like real wrestling matches, even against the CPU (assuming that the CPU logic is set up well, which is part of the super in depth customization.)  The timing/strategy based gameplay mechanic is also excellent and makes the game a ton of fun to play."
,Recommended,564230,33628518,Posted: 18 July,all,matzeoes,"It's been a week since release. I have over 30 hours of playing and creating already. I LOVE IT!Thank you so much for bringing Fire Pro Wrestling to PC and to Steam. Love the Workshop and the possibilities of the game, and we are only getting started. Enjoy the ride everybody."
,Recommended,564230,33450210,Posted: 11 July,all,TZA,"As a newcomer to the series, I've only played 2 actual matches so far outside of the tutorials. I got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in both. I still haven't completely gotten the timings down, and the game is pretty difficult. But that's okay, because the game is so enjoyable it makes you want to learn how to play it. The game makes you want to master it. That being said, however, even if I were to never touch the controls for an actual match again, I'd still get amazing satisfaction out of this game. Since I haven't fully gotten the gameplay mechanics down yet, I won't mention anything for that. What I will talk about is the amazing experience to be had in the other departments.Customization:This is where Fire-Pro excels in. For Create-A-Wrestlers, you can literally customize everything. Full movesets, accurate attires and faces, even AI logic for the character in simulated matches. There's so many customization options and it's incredible. I can only imagine what the possibilities of a supported mod community could bring to this game as well. The only thing the customizationcould use is custom logos, which I'd imagine mods could bring to the table sometime in the future. Assuming of course, that it isn't an outright Developer supported feature added later.  You can also create your own referee, and change his logic for fast counts or slow counts, or make the most neutral referee ever. Plus, the refs have all the same attire and face options as the created wrestlers do. So, with that many face and customization options, you can make them look as whacky or professional as you want too.  There's also a create-a-ring mode which isn't super in-depth like the others, but it doesn't need to be. They have pretty much every ring style you can hope for in the ring-editor. You can customize the turnbuckle style, the pattern of the mat, and the ring post and ring rope colors. You can create full promotions, with factions for all your charcters. You can even create your own titles, however the options here are very, very limited at the moment.Workshop Support:Does all that customization sound too hard to you? Well that's perfectly okay too. With the Steam workshop support, you can download all the characters your heart desires. Whether it be famous TV show characters, or the most popular wrestlers of past and present, there are already hundreds and hundreds of options avaiable to download right now. You can also download created referee's from the workshop, and everybody's favorite referee Red Shoes is already made and ready to be downloaded. Fire Pro is a game series known for it's amazing creators. Fire Pro Wrestling Returns (A 10 year old game) STILL has community support to this day. I don't see that being different here with Fire Pro Wrestling World either. This is a game that will have plenty of longevity, and the workshop will only help with that.Simulation:This is the area most of my early play-time has been spent in. I was able to do a full 16-Man Tournament to determine my IWGP Heavyweight Champion on my New Japan promotion in-game. I didn't even play a single match in it. I simulated the entire thing. I have never had as enjoyable of an experience just watching something as I have here. The sim aspect of Fire-Pro is truly something special, especially with the creators getting the logic down so well so far. I watched Shibata deliver nine headbutts in a row to Marty Scurll to win the match, which left both of them bleeding. I watched Kenny Omega deliver a One-Winged Angel to Hiromu, which Hiromu kicked out of at 2.9 and set-up a Time Bomb for the win. The simulations the game can deliver are a fantastic experience. You can straight up never touch the controls in an actual match and enjoy playing the game from a managerial aspect if you wanted too. If you've ever played the WWE 2k games, you almost never want to sim a match in your Universe because its boring to sit there and watch. That is not the case in Fire Pro. I have and can continue to spend multiple hours just watching matches I set-up play out. The CPU AI and Logic system can truly make for some amazing matches, and I was truly surprised with how much I enjoyed it. I always heard the simulated matches in Fire Pro could be incredible, but I never expected them to be this damn good. Seriously, even if you never plan on actually ""playing"" the game, the 20 dollars for the sim experience alone is well spent.Conclusion:This might be the best 20 dollars I have ever spent on a video game. As a massive wrestling fan like most people I assume buying this are, the game does everything right. I don't like using a ""Perfect"" label on things really, especially for a game with more features still to come, but this game is damn near perfect. The combat is actually fun and it doesn't feel like a massive guessing game against the AI, the match types are amazing, and the simulation experience is a joy to watch. Overall, I'd say this game is well worth your money, and I very much look forward to sinking countless hours into it."
76561198066458116,Recommended,564230,34224273,Posted: 13 August,all,Punch powaah,"Fire Pro Wrestling needed this game to keep its legacy alive, the series was already legendary and with this game, and with a great community and support, I think this game can achieve records in terms of wrestling games compared to WWE2K games. Mega Thumbs up."
76561198128522820,Recommended,564230,33525991,Posted: 13 July,all,Dan Classic,"It's FPW. The best pro-wrestling game of all time. How many CAWs can you make? As many as your hard drive will hold, my friend. The best gaming community making the most awesome content for the best game. FPW is for pro-wrestling purists, but given a little time and patience, anyone can wrap their head around the game and it's mechanics. It looks a little better than the PS2 version, but remains true to the simple 2.5 D graphical style. I can't wait to see what the future brings for this fantastic title!"
,Recommended,564230,33530357,Posted: 14 July,all,MrRobotto,"I came to this game from a background of basically just the WWE 2k games, but having also seen older WWE games like Smackdown vs. RawPros:The wrestling is a lot more fluid and fun. When playing as the same character for an extended amount of time, boredom takes a lot longer to set in compared to the 2k games.The depth of wrester customization is really great. The move setups are simple enough to not have to make 1000 different combos but also more complex than just a couple of moves. There will be a day when I run out of character appearance combinations, but it's a long ways off.The ladies are finally not too weak to compete with the men, praise the lord.Multi-men matches are fun again, with fully interchangable sides up to 4v4, and with managers/seconds easily added to either side. Have ridiculous handicap matches or just make tag-team encounters from the same menu as singles matches.Cons:Once you have the grapple timing down, your opponents don't really stand a chance, because you win every main chance they have to get their moves in.The gimmick matches are, in my eyes, honestly kinda atrocious. There's no opportunity to take cool moments into your own hands and set up a table or ladder spot or anything. The gimmicks usually end up getting in the way, like barbed-wire/light-tube tables blocking all corner and diving moves or barbed wire ropes stopping you getting in your rebound moves and limiting your run-up space. Stick to normal matches for fun.Some moves have split-second hit windows that are hard to get down. The superman punch is kinda lousy for this especially since the window looks longer than it is, but it's mostly a nitpick as most other moves have slightly longer windows that you can get down after a couple of tries. But good luck hitting some moves first try, and others good luck hitting them at all.Recommendations (aka Cons if they never get addressed):I know that the wrestler visual customization depth is amazing, but a few more unique options for decals and such would make them stand out even more. I'm not asking for a lot more, but right now we have a couple of dots.I don't need in-depth entrance customization, but I'd like enough to give me a reason to watch the entrances. They're short enough that I don't need a bathrooom break mid-entrance (cough cough WWE 2k) and with just a couple more options I think they could be great little additions to character depth.Titles are currently 6 options for strap, 6 options for plates. Like the entrances, I'm not asking for a lot, just enough to make them worth investing interest in.Some things have color options and some have a full-fledged color picker. If there's a reason you can't pick colors for everything, I understand, but free choice of color is a little addition that goes a long way to removing the feeling of restriction.Summary:FPWW is a wrestling game, not a sports entertainment game. And that's great, I honestly like it and will keep coming back with new ideas for wrestlers or to play online. But as it stands when I want to inject at least a little bit of sports entertainment to give context to the wrestling, it isn't available. I hope that since the game is early access that they are planning or open to considering opening up some of those kinds of customization. A full-on management mode a la Universe Mode isn't needed, but for the people who would be hoping to run one themselves with the available settings, as it stands it gets hard to even make your own cohesive brand before you can even consider setting up a card.I'd definitely recommend the game to fans of wrestling. It's a third the cost of new WWE 2k games and gives generally as much catharsis; if I ever get the craving for an actual gimmick match I can just boot up an older 2k game so it's freed me from the new ones. The wrestling is very fun and even the repetitiveness you have to really think about before you notice it.My problems with the game can be summed up with this:I can customize the ref all the way down to the speed of their counting, but I can't change the color of the lights (read screen filter) during an entrance.8.5/10, could easily be a 9/10 or 9.5/10 in the future depending on if these problems are addressed."
76561198007866241,Recommended,564230,33446439,Posted: 10 July,all,Martincito,Bought it the minute it was put on sale. I would have pre-ordered.What can I say? This is the stuff dreams are made. Goodbye and goodnight!
,Recommended,564230,33899673,Posted: 30 July,all,yobby,any game where toru yano can have a better match with kazuchika okada than kenny omega can is okay by me
,Recommended,564230,33546541,Posted: 14 July,all,Lariat667,"I've been playing fire pro since 1996 and have at least 15 different versions of the game. This is what I've been waiting for since 2005. This is the greatest video game wresting series of all time. Do yourself a favor and buy this game, you won't regret it"
,Recommended,564230,33445959,Posted: 10 July,all,Ace of the Metropolitan,"I dreamt of a Fire Pro game to hit Steam. Unlimited customization, online play, good ole fashion FPW goodness, and crisp graphics. Who knew in 2017 that my dreams would come true. This game is everything a wrestling fan desires and thensome. Sure, it's in early access meaning that there will be bugs and other technical issues, but for the most part I'm having a blast with this game. Well worth the purchase for any wrestling fan."
,Recommended,564230,33512549,Posted: 13 July,all,370Gaming,"(7/13/17 - Early Access)This game is fantastic. I had never played a Fire Pro game before and after being pressured into it by my friends, I gave it a shot. I'm so glad I have annoying friends.First off, I want to mention that this game should work on any lower-end PC made within the last 5 years. I have Intel HD graphics and Intel Pentium G630 (super low-end stuff). [I also have 8GB of RAM] and I can play 8 Man matches with no issues.Anyway, the actual gameplay is addictive. If you've played a Fire Pro game before, then you know generally what to expect in gameplay. Little things like the strike exchange function, performing combinations, and having LANDMINE DEATHMATCHES really make for a fun experience that I don't want to put down.Last but not least, the customization options are crazy and are sure to only expand as the final game is released. There are premade options for hundreds of real-life wrestlers (WWE, TNA, NJPW, etc.) from different time periods. You can make basically whoever you want. You can even play as a bear. Customizable options for rosters, ringside areas, and title belts that will only get better with further Steam Workshop contributions and game updates leave there to be amazing replay value in the future.I absolutely recommend this game."
76561198367918165,Recommended,564230,33585026,Posted: 16 July,all,DarkChyld_80,"I've always been intrigued with the Fire Pro Wrestling series but never attempted to play them seriously.....until now. After spending hours with this game and dedicated time to learning the game's ""complex simplicities"", I can say that this is probably one of the best purchases I've made this year. I have fallen in love with this game and I now understand why this series gets the praise that it does. Even in its current early access state, this game delivers a pretty solid experience. The thing that stands out most is the in-depth ""creative tools"", which allow for some pretty true to life counterparts of your favorite wrestlers. You can even fine tune a wrestlers logic to dictate how he or she performs when controlled by the CPU which is amazing. If creation is not your thing but you want to play with some of your favorite grapplers then you can hit up the Workshop, which is filled with beautiful creations from the Steam community. There are very talented CAW makers that do all the heavy lifting for you, all you have to do is skim through and pick your favorite wrestlers (complete with movesets, attires, and logic already configured) and download them into your game.The in-ring gameplay does have a moderate learning curve, as grappling is timing based and takes a bit of practice to get use to. But when I finally got the timing and flow of things I've never felt more in ""control"" of a match since the days of WWF No Mercy. I really like how your entire arsenal of moves are available to you from the start of the match. No building momentum or wearing opponents down first. If you want you can attempt to hit your finisher from the second the bell sounds, although it wouldn't be a good idea as there is an extremely high chance that you'll be countered if you do. The game ""encourages"" you (but not forces) you to start with light grapples and work your way up to the big moves as the match progresses. But as I said you can attempt to hit bigger moves early on, especially against another human controlled player. It makes things fun and unpredictable which is a breath of fresh air. Overall, the game is really good, it's not perfect by any means but considering that this is ""Early Access"", I'd say the devs are off to a helluva start. I can't wait for the full game to release because i'm hooked.I would highly recommend this game to all wrestling game fans.  Again one of the best purchases of the year."
76561198007308688,Recommended,564230,33677939,Posted: 20 July,all,BigSparky,"*Coming Soon - ""The Opinionated Jerkhole"" Review DLC Pack! Complete your review adventure with over 500 more words for only $29.99!""I've loved wrestling games since Title Match Pro Wrestling for the Atari. So many good ones, especially in the late 90's, have come and gone. Unfortunately, the last few years have been pretty unimpressive overall, excepting the fancy graphics and presentations (commentary will never be great - but it can at least be ok at times).So here's Fire Pro Wrestling World on Steam for $20.I won't go over what others have said. Great controls, limitless customization, etc. You've heard that. I want to sum Fire Pro up slightly differently.1. You won't be buying another version next year for $59.99 (not including DLC!)2. They won't be shutting the online servers off when the new one comes out, or the year after if you're lucky.3. You won't be having to figure out new and/or tweaked controls in 2018, because a AAA wrestling game doesn't have the money or creativity to have it figured out after 17 years.4. ""Why can't I do that?"" Is uttered FAR less frequently in Fire Pro.5. ""Holy &#%! I can do that?"" Is uttered FAR more frequently in Fire Pro.6. Bull Nakano (translation - best edit/CAW community in the world)7. LOGIC8. The ""YES OH YES!"" moments of wrestling games are back.This list will grow. I don't review games for this very reason. My opinion can change ""later"" for most games, and the list of reasons always grows, either for good or bad. But I've spent 14 hours with this version of Fire Pro and I can say with absolute certainty that any minor issues (and they exist - but are just that - minor) are nothing more than a blink. The fun I have had with this game is true, old-school fun at it's best.The last thing I will say is this - take your time, learn the controls, do the missions. Fire Pro demands you learn patience, timing, and observation. Also, you will get no health bars, because you don't need nor deserve one. You get to focus on the action, and you will be SO thankful for this. Wrestling games are always more fun when you're not constantly having to watch what basically amounts to a giant cheat meter at the top of the screen.I could go on and on. I want to. But it's pointless to just go over what many others have more than sufficiently discussed here already. They will tell you what makes Fire Pro such an amazing game in great detail. I'm just here to tell you that they are absolutely right.$20."
,Recommended,564230,33837732,Posted: 27 July,all,Osky,Fantastic game with very dedicated people behind it. The FPW franchise has been around since 1989 and it's gotten better and better every iteration! It's worth the price and I would have paid more!So much creation options in the game! It's got so many parts. Lots of moves and the AI is fantastic. You will spend a lot of time simming than playing! The gameplay is different from typical WWE games but you will adapt! It's timing based rather than button mashing based. It might not be great for those with disabilities that hinder your reaction time. It's kind of a hard game at times but it's satisfying! It is frustrating but after awhile you will get it. The tutorial in game really helps and plently of people on the Steam forums can explain it further.The MMA part of the game is actually incredible! The timing system actually works better for the MMA than the pro wrestling. So if you are a MMA fan looking for something good this might actually be for you!
,Recommended,564230,33615657,Posted: 17 July,all,KevinStorm,"The game is fun.  My main complaints are the lack of customization depth outside of wrestlers (not nearly the customization potential for titles or rings), and the ridiculously small number of characters available for naming customized stuff."
,Recommended,564230,33496300,Posted: 12 July,all,SuperKlyph,"This is the last wrestling game you'll ever need.It has quite a learning curve if you're coming from a WWE game though, so be aware.  If you like customizing, this is for you."
76561198403515123,Recommended,564230,33498793,Posted: 13 July,all,raymonsta65,"The game is really fun! But the only problem about the game is that the online is pretty terrible. It has lots of bugs. But the good thing about that is that it is most likely fixable, so I'm not gonna trash it just yet cause it looks like it could be lots of fun if they could fix it. But overall, I'm really enjoying the game so far!"
76561198083593040,Recommended,564230,34259835,Posted: 15 August,all,El Zelcho,I had a 100% between Yano and Taguchi: *****
76561198198070415,Recommended,564230,33462405,Posted: 11 July,all,Öof,"I've been waiting a long time to play a new Fire Pro, and finally we have it here on PC, at long last. A game that's probably not geared towards casual wrestling fans as likely they will look past the classic aesthetic in favor of the 2K games and their shiny graphics/commentary in a can, and will likely be totally lost on non-fans (Though if you ever wanted to have Hank Hill and Randy from Trailer Park Boys fight, you are certainly accomodated!). It's the perfect series for guys like myself who, above all else from wrestling games, enjoy the creative suite available to run, book and manage my own fed - featuring either actual wrestlers or original characters, working in a fully-realised fed that's built from ring to belt. This game will endlessly reward your imagination and creativity, as far as you're willing to take it. The gameplay itself is some of the deepest and most technically sound in terms of a pro wrestling simulator - It really is the total package (not Lex Luger)."
76561198069298240,Recommended,564230,34517370,Posted: 26 August,all,NiteMair1281,"This is the wrestling game I wanted, not realistic but still super fun and a game I can play for hours. Also the workshop has some of the best wresstling game caws I have ever seen. Overall great game for people that like non serious wrestling games. Also my first fire pro game."
,Recommended,564230,34515443,Posted: 26 August,all,Zach Slackin,"Thoroughly good, excited for more content to come out."
,Recommended,564230,33450213,Posted: 11 July,all,Syndication_Midnight,"A Firepro game for the PC, what a time to be alive!Get this now!"
,Recommended,564230,34603212,Posted: 30 August,all,s t y l e s  c l a s h,"THE DEFINITIVE pro-wrestling game. Fire Pro Wrestling World iterates on past titles, adding a slew of new match types, moves, customization options, easy modding, and online multiplayer for the first time ever.Unlike other wrestling games which operate on stamina and special move gauges, Fire Pro allows its players complete freedom in how a wrestling match is played out. On the one hand, it boasts solid striking and a deep pacing system where early on small moves soften the opponent up for big moves. This makes matches feel tight and competitive, while still feeling like a pro-wrestling match (as opposed to a fighting game). On the other, players are also free to allow their wrestler to take big moves early, to heighten the drama or create a squash match. Also available are MMA (both ring and octagon), boxing, K1, and deathmatches (both barbed wire and explosive), tournaments, and league play.Thanks to Steam Workshop integration, you don't have to dive into the somewhat-tedious character creator, and your active rosters can be as varied as you wish. At the time of writing, my personal subsribtion count sits at almost 750 wrestlers-- spanning many eras and promotions of actual pro-wrestling, to TV, anime, games, books, and movies. If you've ever wanted to see Trump get a fork jammed in his forehead by an angry Homer Simpson, for example, you can absolutely get that done in this game. Factions, stables, promotions, and the like are easy to set up and transfer wrestlers into. You can even set whether a particular group is loved or jeered by the crowds.Also exciting is the devs' embrace of the modding community. Many mod-packs exist (some even stickied on the steam discussion board by the developers), allowing for basic things like ring textures all the way to rule changes or completely new match types (inferno deathmatch! explosive balloon deathmatch! K1 rules!). Mods are exceedingly simple to apply, as well.I've yet to play any online matches, so I'll not comment on the netcode other than to say I haven't seen many complaints about it. I will mention that the game supports at least four local players for all your tag-team and fatal four-way needs, and also allows for a mix of player-controlled and AI wrestlers to participate together.All in all, Fire Pro Wrestling World understands what pro-wrestling is about: freedom of expression. From the minutae of holding a button to sell a slam long enough for your opponent to climb a turnbuckle and make themselves famous, to the much broader strokes of deciding who you want in your game, in what promotion, in what ring, in what match type, for what belt, FPWW has it all."
,Recommended,564230,35192869,Posted: 24 September,all,The Asgorian Ruler,"Even if the game is still in Early Access, the large amount of customization you can do in this game will more than likely sate you until release."
76561198073253132,Recommended,564230,34723209,Posted: 3 September,all,mramazing3,Rainmaker critical on NaitoOne Winged Angel critical on TanahashiPedigree critical on CenaGoldar won the Power Rangers rumbleBear Lesnar hit 5 F-5s on GoldbearSpear critical on TrumpMegazord won the G-110/10 would dream match again
,Recommended,564230,33494721,Posted: 12 July,all,Orion Diem,"After 3 matches, I almost uninstalled this game. I couldn't land any of my attacks, I was randomly getting into grapples and not understanding why, I could never pull of any moves when I was in a grapple and the only thing that made sense was that the Y button made me run... but then, in one last desperate attempt to find out what the hell was wrong with this game, I looked at an online tutorial and found out that I was just being an idiot.Turns out, Fire Pro Wrestling World cannot be treated like all the other wrestling games I've played, and that is a definite positive. If you have patience and precision, you will find that Fire Pro Wrestling just might be the best 'wrestling' game you've ever played.Don't be like me kids... look at the controls, look at online tutorials... learn the game. Have patience.You won't regret it."
76561197971712490,Recommended,564230,33507888,Posted: 13 July,all,cthemason,HD Fire Pro on PC with Steam Workshop pumping out CAWs by the second. You want this.
,Recommended,564230,34118477,Posted: 8 August,all,erc,As of this writing this game is still a little rough around the edges in the menu system but seems pretty polished when you get in the ring. This is my first Fire Pro game and I think I've been missing out. This is one of the most fun wrestling games that I've ever played and there is still more to come.
76561198365890192,Recommended,564230,34160765,Posted: 10 August,all,zmicktrick,"So far, so good! It's already a competent and supremely addictive game. I can't wait for all the features to be released! :)"
,Recommended,564230,34220901,Posted: 13 August,all,Shameless McFly,This is a great little game. Reminds of WWF Royal Rumble on the SNES. Good times. Check out my youtube channel to see this game in action: Unfortunatley my cup of tea got me killed!https://youtu.be/K0fnwGSsqxY
76561198406385242,Recommended,564230,34478736,Posted: 25 August,all,TC,"Quite simply the best wrestling game out there.I agree it is a particular taste, but you're really only limited by your own imagination.And if you find your imagination lacking, there is plenty of goodies you can get from others.I'm not sure if the gameplay improved since the PS2, but I find myself having much more joy in playing actual matches instead of simming this time around. I think the tutorials/mission mode really helped me get into it.I hope that I can spend some time actually testing this game as I really got into creating wrestlers and pitting them against each other in matches."
,Recommended,564230,34738214,Posted: 4 September,all,XylefMTG,I can't say enough good things about this game.  Even simming it is fun.  The workshop makes it.  Pick this up at full price.  You'll get your money's worth and ensure there are many updates and fixes.  Great game.  Very glad I bought it.
76561198404205393,Recommended,564230,33907257,Posted: 30 July,all,owens8,"THIS is what WWE games and wrestling games in general have been sorely missing for years. The sheer amount of customization at your fingertips is (and can be) overwhelming at first, but it is a creative individual's dream of a game. The developers are listening to our feedback from the community and continually tweaking and addressing any issues that arise with this Early Access title. Well worth the $20 I spent on this game, and would have gladly spent double that given the satisfaction with the product I've had so far. The Steam Workshop is incredibly easy to navigate and download other users' custom made wrestlers and referees. The controls would be a bit of a learning curve, but that's what you have Mission Mode for - as it challenges you whilst teaching you the ropes (no pun intended) of FPWW. Dream matches await you inside this game, what more are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,564230,33935781,Posted: 31 July,all,NoodlesMacReady,"This game's creation suites are incredibly in-depth, especially in the area of move-set creation. The workshop already has so many entries of different wrestlers from a variety of different promotions and eras to make those who are interested in simulating fantasy matches are going to get a good amount of mileage out of this game. I personally find the simplified 2-D graphics to be very charming as well as having sweet animations for most of the moves, and the sound effects during matches are good at making you feel that big moves have impact. The gameplay is the same solid, responsive, timing-based fare that every most Fire-Pro Wrestling games have and still feels mostly good despite having some move animations having ambiguous timing to connect. The game's mision mode is a great way for new players to get acquainted with it's first tutorial missions and have some pretty challenging missions for more experienced players. The only real negatives from them are that the missions involvng you taking the role as a manager really only relies on your A.I. partner being any good that match and that missions involving getting match ratings of 80% or better really only requires drawing out the match longer than you would like. I would've prefered match ratings to have been gone entirely in my opinion. If you're looking for a solid wrestling game with an awesome creation package with a dedicated community that provides more wrestlers than you know what to do with and would rather prefer paying $21.99 CDN rather than paying $79.99 CDN on a WWE liscensed game that will be replaced in a year, then Fire Pro Wrestling World is a definite buy."
76561198020826930,Recommended,564230,34218758,Posted: 13 August,all,Little Jimmy,"New to this franchise, but absolutely hooked on this game.The simulation and feel that this Fire Pro creates is what embodies professional wrestling.The community creations will ensure you that Fire Pro will never go out of date.A must for any pro wrestling fan. A+"
76561197972372582,Recommended,564230,33659506,Posted: 19 July,all,Schmeckling Schmeckler,"I recommend this game to anyone who never played FPW in the past. HOWEVER, if you have played the old version of this, I don't recommend getting it.I bought it with great intent and hope that it would do the old one justice, and while it's pretty great, I can only recommend it to someone who's new to the series.It doesn't have as much customization, especially in the character design, compared to the old one. I'm sure I sound a little purist. The design was all a little too different, and while it was a bit overboard, I really did enjoy the number of factions in the old game. Maybe I'm being too picky.Overall, if I had never played this game before, it'd be an 8/10. Great customization compared to every other wrestling game.Since I've played the old one, I can't personally sponsor this new one. Only recommend if you've never played it before."
,Recommended,564230,35116388,Posted: 21 September,all,Crippled_Fetus™,Last night I made The Blue Meanie wrestle Mankind in a barbed-wire deathmatch for the Heavyweight Hardcore belt of my own wrestling production. Buy. This. Game.
,Recommended,564230,33547699,Posted: 14 July,all,advancedspuds,"Ah yes!  If you were a fire pro returns fan, get this.  Damn good.  Can't wait till the good CAWs get made.  Game is a little bare bones at the moment, but it's still damn amazing."
76561198085939539,Recommended,564230,33585516,Posted: 16 July,all,MacKenus,"I have more fun playing this than the WWE 2k series. If your a old school gamer like myself and played the old wrestling games. This game will surely not disappoint.So far I have created all the NES Pro Wrestling, Tecmo World Wrestling, Hammerlock Wrestling and Saturday Night Slam Masters characters. It's awesome bringing these characters back to life. They fit so well in the Fire Pro universe.People have also made past and present wrestlers for the game. It's cool seeing wrestlers like AJ Styles and Seth Rollins in Fire Pro.Join the Fire Pro Universe!"
76561198031498267,Recommended,564230,33634738,Posted: 18 July,all,Dale,"It's Fire Pro Wrestling.It's on the PC.There's really not much more to ask for. I've been waiting a decade for this game and, despite it being in early access, they've already delivered everything I was looking for. Everything that comes after this will be a bonus and for that, I am eternally grateful"
76561197996604233,Recommended,564230,33445572,Posted: 10 July,all,Siku,"FPW!!! what can i say....... Best wrestling game serie ever made?love it love it luve iiiiiit! Great fighting system, edit is top notch! create what you want!Just go buy buy buy!"
,Recommended,564230,33445567,Posted: 10 July,all,King Taiga,"If you know Fire Pro, this is exactly what you want in your life."
76561198067968247,Recommended,564230,33445650,Posted: 10 July,all,Cameron Maiden,My love for Fire Pro has been reignited.
,Recommended,564230,33446115,Posted: 10 July,all,KOGSY,"Hands down the greatest Pro Rasslin' game ever made. Not easy, not WWE, not graphically intense, all Fire Pro - and I love it."
76561198100955117,Recommended,564230,33445635,Posted: 10 July,all,View The Phenom,"The game feels like Fire Pro Returns right out of the box, and it's the first day of Early Access. Mission mode is varied and covers the system's basics while giving players a chance to experiment with different wrestling styles and finishes.Work shop support is already up and the community is putting out the quality CAW's that its known for.Easily best wrestling sim on PC, it only took 10 years for it to happen. Expecting great improvements during the EA period, definitely worth the purchase."
76561198119763416,Recommended,564230,33445810,Posted: 10 July,all,DM_PSX,Best wrestling game of all time is back.
76561198032121438,Recommended,564230,33446485,Posted: 10 July,all,travisbilliter,Anticipating the day I can wrestle a five star match in the Tokyo Dome.10/10.
,Recommended,564230,33446808,Posted: 10 July,all,VΛSID,"It's a Fire Pro Game. Not only that but it's a Fire Pro game polite enough to give you a tutorial mode. It's amazing, and it's a steal at the price given how much content it will end up packed with."
,Recommended,564230,33635962,Posted: 18 July,all,A Fingerpoke of Doom,"Short and sweet review. Fire Pro games are for the true wrestling fans. I have been playing the Fire Pro games since Sega Saturn/ PS1 and always loved them, I can say the same for this game. I have already downloaded(subscribed) to over 325+ creations and will continue to. Buy this game if you really like wrestling and want a good wrestling game experience."
,Recommended,564230,33494762,Posted: 12 July,all,Tiger Sword,"Do you like wrestling? Then get this. Really it's that simple. Hands down the greatest wrestling series of all time, and once it's complete, this will easily be the greatest wrestling game of all time."
,Recommended,564230,33447655,Posted: 10 July,all,LXIV,"The game currently has no resolution options and is locked to 720p and users are reporting that the game is unplayable unless fps locked via vsync, it is expected since the game is early access but still something to keep in mind. Now onto the gameplay.If you are familar with Fire Pro wrestling games and adore them like I do get it.However if you are coming from something else like the WWE 2K series then please read the rest of this review.Fire Pro Wrestling games grew to popularity due to its in-depth wrestling system. Due to this depth, the game is much more difficult than WWE games. For Instance, grappling is done by timing your button press too late you fail, too early you fail, press a button more than once you fail. This game is not forgiving but once you get the hang of it becomes a rewarding experience. This cannot be stated more, this is a simulation wrestling game so basic wrestling concepts apply here. If you go out of the gates trying to hit heavy moves like a wrestlers finisher you will always be reversed. This game is in-depth. If all of the above has turned you off then I can't recommend this game for you. However if you decide that you want to put in the time to learn the system you should also understand that this game does not have any licsensing with any pro wrestling companies so there are no real wrestlers in the default roster. However Fire Pro Wrestling has an amazing robust creation suite for wrestlers, that even allows for you to edit the cpu behavior of your wrestler. To add on to this if you are not a creative person or dedicated enough to create a wrestler you want(like me) then you can hit up the workshop in which users upload their created wrestlers and created referees(Look at it right now to see if a wrestler you want has been created). Finally this game is in Early Access, so there are alot of features that are missing or that are barebones such as mission mode. However, the devs are super responsive to the community and are already taking notes on complants and wanted features. Currently the only modes are Mission(Tutorial with added objectives), Exhibtion, League, Tournament, Battle Royale, and Online. If you feel that are not enough things to do, then I would recommend you wait for the game to come out of early access and see if it appeals to you later with the final version released."
,Recommended,564230,33565444,Posted: 15 July,all,Mackin Cheese,"I'd never played a Fire Pro Wrestling game before but heard good things about this so I picked it up. Within seconds of playing around with the character creator I was in love, and then I started playing the game and found the combat incredibly fun in terms of both gameplay and style.For an early access game this already feels great. Get it!"
,Recommended,564230,33754964,Posted: 23 July,all,RaUltimate Warrior,It is incredible how this game is better than 2K games. This is surely the better wrestling game that I've ever played
,Recommended,564230,33774708,Posted: 24 July,all,Classix,"Best Wrestling game out there period. I have played all the 2k games, as well as some of the text based sims out there. I enjoy them all in their own right, but the possibilities in Fire Pro are endless....you can have literally every wrestler ever, as long as you have the hard drive to download them."
,Recommended,564230,33449891,Posted: 11 July,all,Danrip,Big improvement to older games in the series. Now with infinite edit slots.
76561198103451799,Recommended,564230,33459593,Posted: 11 July,all,PistolPeteMatty,"This game is still fresh into early access, but I already see the potential to be as good if not better than Fire Pro Wrestling Returns. The game has a small roster from the start, but the amount of content made by the community for download not even 24 hours after release gives it a bigger roster than the WWE 2K games. I love that each match gets an evaluation rating, that was what kept me playing modes like Management of the Ring and Match Maker in the past. I did have some issues with slowdown, and the UI can be a bit clunky, but it's worth your money even its current state."
76561197993011055,Recommended,564230,33458175,Posted: 11 July,all,eds.teioh,"Been waiting 10 years for this. Once I got my own controller issues straightened out, it's aces. Thanks Spike!"
76561198396230310,Recommended,564230,33458346,Posted: 11 July,all,worldwideprowrestling2017,I dislike how the blood on the mat appears quickly and then vanishes.Still no selling either during sims.
76561198058389756,Recommended,564230,33459490,Posted: 11 July,all,El Amazing Generico,"Just like all the fire pro games before it, but with workshop support. Less than a day after release and already 600 edits available. This is the biggest plaything for a pro wrestling fan ever. You can have any match ever."
,Recommended,564230,33450559,Posted: 11 July,all,TheCampingTroll,"If you are a wrestling fan you'll love this game can't say much else that hasn't been said in other reviews there is already so much content in the game and a lot more to come, not to mention the workshop/community support around the game that will keep it alive long after development is finished."
76561198051242703,Recommended,564230,33452805,Posted: 11 July,all,thatdudescott,"It's Fire Pro Wrestling with online and steam workshop. If I were rich,I'd buy it for you."
,Recommended,564230,33447270,Posted: 10 July,all,Underthemilkyway,Incredible game. An updated version of Fire Pro Wrestling Returns with Steam support. Still has bugs because it's in early access but the devs are working on it!
,Recommended,564230,33470441,Posted: 11 July,all,Vodkaffee,"I have been a huge fan of the FPW series for like 15 years now, and this is a great entry in the series, even in early access it has as much things as a finished FPW title.And the workshop integration is just brilliant, is a brilliant idea, the game comes with like 20 premade wrestlers but heck, the game hasn't been out for a day and there are already almost a thousand custom wrestlers and referees you can download, and because they're user created content they can be based and named from real wrestlers and not make them based on X wrestler but with a similar name to avoid legal stuff.If you wanna play a great wrestling game series with a LOT of customization options for everything i would suggest you give it a try."
,Recommended,564230,33458125,Posted: 11 July,all,"Biff ""The Deagle"" Johnston","Very good and a suprising amount of fun (once you learn the controls)Some suggestions (unsure if they are currently in development/available, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong)- Custom Music tracks for entrances (I heard this one was planned)- Ability to make titles defendable in multiple match types- More gamemodes overall (Ladder matches for example)- More customization in ring (Make the MMA cage customizable, custom logos through either file import or made through the game, etc)- More customization to arena (Ring ramp, Mats outside ring, etc)- Ability to have a separate entrance outfit (similar to the WWE2K series)- Make entrances show on more modes than just the default matchesVery good game though for the price model, I'll update this list if something else comes to mind"
76561197972732888,Recommended,564230,33489954,Posted: 12 July,all,megamegathom,"While somewhat buggy, the early access release of Fire Pro Wrestling World features a lot of functionality: the Steam Workshop integration has been an instant hit, several game modes are available (tournament, league), and multiplayer exists (while being somewhat unstable).For the price tag, previous Fire Pro players should not hesitate to jump on board. Longtime fans of wrestling will find plenty of joy in the game as well."
76561197975341760,Recommended,564230,33494445,Posted: 12 July,all,Cool Chris,Best wrestling game in years!  Buy Buy Buy!  Worth every penny.
,Recommended,564230,33493818,Posted: 12 July,all,Sibarraz,"An awesome game with a very detailed and rewarding gameplay and with an edit mode that destroys any other game from any kind of genre, even AAA games, you can create almost anything in this game. Don't make the Early Access label fool you, this game at the moment is very complete, with the promise of including more features like logo edit, and mp3 integration, and the feedback from the community is a pillar for the developers of this gameThis game is an ode to wrestling fans, or gamers in general, a real encyclopedia of wrestling maneuversThe fact that a game with such an history could be released at this time, and with the big plus of being co developed with its own fanbase is a triumph to the medium, and the workshop feature will give this game a great longevity.I give this game 7 Meltzer Stars"
76561198196561570,Recommended,564230,33496198,Posted: 12 July,all,jccjester,"Great so far but more over, it has LOADS of potential! The more this game gets expanded upon and opened up to community customization,  the better it could conceivably become. But just for now, really enjoyable wrestling game."
,Recommended,564230,33491576,Posted: 12 July,all,[BOT] DaWhite,"it's the best wresting game made in the past 10 years. both newbies and old vets will love it. it's simple enough to pick up and learn reletively quickly, and deep enough to hold you for hours. extremely customizable, and the game isn't even fully released yet, so i imagine more great things will come. pick this up even if you are remotely interested!"
76561198170585714,Recommended,564230,33469060,Posted: 11 July,all,SupahGaijin5k,"Finally, Fire Pro Wrestling HAS COME BACK!!!It's early access, so be patient. (Executive Director) Mr. Matsumoto has been working tirelessly on this project, and he's kind enough to actively listen to the community's input. So long as we stick with it, we can help to make this indisputably the greatest Fire Pro of all time!My friends and I would spend hours on end having match after match, randomized battle royals, as well as forming the ""Critical!"" list where we tried to hit at least one critical on every single wrestler in Fire Pro G (PS1). This series will always be one of my all-time favourites in gaming. To see it coming back again after surprising me with FPR on PS2 back in the day, as well as getting a chance to provide input in helping to provide the most polished product possible, is all icing on an already awesome cake.If you've never played these games and you're a wrestling fan, or even just generally into Japanese culture and video games, then you don't know what you're missing out on!"
76561197970618718,Recommended,564230,33468991,Posted: 11 July,all,RemyDuron,"Finally a followup to a great wrestling series that never really had proper exposure in the west. Right now this game is great, if the devs continue to support and expand it it could be the greatest wrestling game of all time. Most wrestling game of the last two decades have basically used AKI's grappling mechanics from all the great N64 games. Fire Pro Wrestling World follows a wholly separate lineage, and it really works well. The symmetric, timing based grappling is exciting throughout the match, though it does take some getting used to if you are used to any other wrestling games' controls (the AKI games, the 2K games, the Smackdown lines, etc). There is a single player ""Mission Mode"" that serves to introduce you to the basics gradually  and give you time to practice.The translation is awkward in places, mostly it is fine but some Mission titles are misleading. However, this is early access, and these are easy problems to fix, so I bet they will be fixed eventually. Hopefully quickly.The thing that makes this most worth buying is Steam Workshop support. Being able to browse and easily download such a large collection of edits (this game has been out for barely more than a day and there are nearly 1000 wrestlers already!). Unlimited custom wrestlers in a wrestling game is a dream that, up until now, hasn't really been fulfilled. Strangely enough, even the new 2K games have a pretty low limit on CAWs. This game has the potential to have practically every known pro wrestler of all time on one PC, given enough time for edit makers to work (They've done insane things in Fire Pro Wrestling Returns over the years). The potential is huge."
,Recommended,564230,33500386,Posted: 13 July,all,MatOfTheDead,best wrestling game since No mercy and FPR
76561198203307975,Recommended,564230,33495409,Posted: 12 July,all,jsearle1,"So far the wrestling / reversals / timing is amazing! well done. I feel like I can get a fair challenge and if I lose its because I'm not focused not because the games buggy. So as far as the in ring mechanics are concerned A+. The editing which I understand is the catalyst of the fire pro series. This being my first time playing I'm a little in awe of how much editing you can actually do. For sure have the indepth stuff for the community who can take advantage of that and make amazing wrestlers for me to use, they are all wonderful. That being said it would be nice if there was another option to make it somewhat easier to edit things. Not a big deal just a nice sorta welcome for newcomers. Love that you can change your match types and have 8 men in the ring at once! would it be possible for another match to be included. I know the Royal Rumble is a WWE type of deal but could  there be HUGE battle royals with new intervals once an elimination happens sort of like an endurance deal. One thing I would really like is when you create your own title, you're only able to have I think 10 letters and then you cant create anymore. I wanted it to say SWA Canadian but it got cut off around SWA Canad... and please please allow the champions to come down to the ring with their titles (maybe i just haven't found out how to do it yet) ability to put in custom music would be appriciated. oh and when you create a title it says ""normal"" well i would like to defend my title in a cage match and it wont show up. Hopefully there can be an option to make a title open to all match types etc ? as far as the wrestling is concerned again, dont change a thing its perfect and fluent. it would be awesome if there was some kinda way we could create an actual show and maybe have some kind of story lines we could use or something to that nature ie if you create a wrestler he could be approached by another wrestler to form a tag team. or someone comes to the ring before the match and trash talks you. sort of like a choose your own adventure. Again loving the game, having a wonderful time trying to invent new ways to just hammer people. Thanks for the hard work! cheers.Jay"
76561197972082540,Recommended,564230,33495713,Posted: 12 July,all,Matthew Marran,"Wonderful game for both wrestling fans and for people who just like to create weird characters.Great, deep gameplay when you get a hang of it. Can't wait to see the game evolve."
76561197978008753,Recommended,564230,33583723,Posted: 16 July,all,mxrlxn,"This is an excellent, lovingly crafted continuation from Fire Pro Wrestling D and Fire Pro Returns. It currently has one federation, but plenty of match types, an edit mode, lots of new moves and animations and a solid mission mode too -quite a lot for early access. If you have played the previous titles you will be right at home, if you are new to the franchise, take your time to learn the system; learn the timing and build towards heavy moves, you rarely hit big moves early.This game is highly recommended, there is plenty here for an early release and hopefully loads more to come from the developers and community rosters."
,Recommended,564230,33511276,Posted: 13 July,all,Officer Jackboot,Probably the best wrestling game ever made is finally on a platform where it can exist for a very long time.  The only hangup this game ever had was that it would come out on a console and then the next gen console would come along and it would fragment the community.Now on pc we can make and share our created wrestlers with ease and we are no longer limited on how many we can have.  Organization licenses be dammed you want Anderson Silva vs Hulk Hogan?  Then you can have it!It lacks some  quality of life features and is a bit janky in parts but the core game is there and it is just as good as ever.  I can't wait for the upcoming patches and what they have planned for the future of the game.BUY IT!
76561198135161393,Recommended,564230,33509145,Posted: 13 July,all,ENCHILADA SUPREME!!!!,"I'm really enjoying my first Fire Pro Wrestling game! I have a few thoughts. First, I hope that they fix the blood on the mat, so that it stays there the rest of the match without fading. Also, Id like it if the wrestlers got more and more bloody as they took more damage. Also, making it harder to bleed would be nice. Unless you got a light tube smashed in your face, haha. And when Im trying to change the color in CAW, the bar always shoots right up to the top, so I have to go with the color red. I think this has to be a glitch. OK, I think thats all for now. 10/10"
,Recommended,564230,33506668,Posted: 13 July,all,chrisjohnson83,"Have played this game since dreamcast/ps1 days & can't get enough of it! Loved Fire Pro Returns but with steam workshop i believe this will overtake that game in regards to CAW's long term. I give this game a 9/10 so far, the ONLY thing that is missing for me which i believe will be added is the logo creator/editor. Hoping that will be an option in steam workshop along with custom rings w/ logo edits to be shared there to. Once that is added, will be a perfect 10."
,Recommended,564230,33511151,Posted: 13 July,all,Altsuraki,"The perfect wrestling game comes in form of Fire Pro Wrestling World.The game requires learning about accuracy and timing, but learning is really rewarding in Fire Pro Wrestling.The ability to download more wrestlers made by the community makes this game the perfect iteration on the series.Early Access is already worth the $19.99, or even more.The wrestler editor is really deep making it possible to create real life accurate edits, in appearance, moveset and even the way the CPU simulates their attitudes.The only lacking of the game could be in game modes, but as I said before, it is Early Access.I suggest you to try out if you like Wrestling. It may not be so newcomer friendly at the start, but I learned by playing in  SFPW X Premium on the SNES."
76561198305052678,Recommended,564230,33457610,Posted: 11 July,all,Beyond Rain,"Well....where to start..This is my first Fire Pro Wrestling game and...well i'm blown away,This has alot of stuff to do *Fun Stuff* and plus Early Access so there is more to be added! don't assume this is bad just for its retro graphics it's still really fun to play and has alot more realism dare i say than alot of Wrestling games now.The Way this game plays out through the matches are incredible and plus it's got Steam Workshop so all the best wrestlers from real promotions are being (Yet to be) made! you want AJ Styles? he's there!,Kenny Omega? he's there too! the most awesome moments come from nowhere like if i may tell you a quick match AJ Styles vs Seth Rollins *Made possible due to the awesome creators of Workshop* both of us are struggling to hit finishers and reversing moves and out of nowhere AJ Styles hits me with a Pele Kick! i got up and hit him with a Pedigree and i thought it was over but NO! he kicked out at 2 i had to pause the game from the awesomeness that took place and the match was already over 30 MINUETS LONG.In short *Yes i recommend this in a heartbeat* it's worth it especially for a hardcore wrestling fan"
,Recommended,564230,33449559,Posted: 11 July,all,bus,♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,564230,33503200,Posted: 13 July,all,NashTSF007,I am a die hard Fire Pro fan and right now I am having a great time playing this. The hype is real.
76561198372932714,Recommended,564230,33806629,Posted: 26 July,all,KetchFresh,Even in EA its a wonderful game! Cant wait till all the bugs are worked out and the devs take some of our suggestions and put it in action (like streamers after championship or tourney wins).
76561197990185521,Recommended,564230,33465831,Posted: 11 July,all,vish,"Fun wrestling/brawling game.  Fluid, consise animations and arcade-style gameplay keeps matches exciting.  There's so much to edit and customize that this game would get a recommendation even if all you could do is simulate AI matches.  Luckily that's not an issue, as the game is loads of fun to play.A few things that warrant fixes as of Early Access Version 0.9001:-Wrestlers escape the cage too quickly in cage matches.  Computers can and will win in under 2 minutes if you give them 8-10 seconds to escape.  Climbing should be slower, and more importantly, the transition from inside to outside the cage should be considerably slower.  Maybe there should be a transition state where wrestlers sit atop the cage before being able to climb down the other side.-Wrestlers should stay down longer after losing via pinfall or submission.  As it stands, wrestlers generally get up right away after losing, which isn't realistic on 10+ minute matches.-A.I. characters in free-for-all, last man standing style matches will frequently break up pins and submissions on their opponents.  This would make sense in ""first pinfall wins"" matches, but in Royal Rumble-style matches they have no reason not to let their opponents pin each other.  It can make for some goofy matches wherein 2+ wrestlers stop beating the crap out of one another to break up a pin on one of their opponents.-While standing on the ring apron, it's seemingly impossible to hit or grapple someone who is in the ring.-While playing as a manager/valet, the camera does not pan out enough to be able to see your player character."
76561198150796677,Recommended,564230,33801502,Posted: 25 July,all,The Reel Heel,"I love this game, you may look at it at first and think ""this game loos terrible"" but trust me it is far from that. The match types you get are very fun, some i didn't expect to be in any wrestling game. Also the fact that you can download actual wrestlers from the workshop is amazing."
76561198056617730,Recommended,564230,33449694,Posted: 11 July,all,LMDM-Tranquilo,"First go at this serie and I'm really digging it so far.  The system is a bit weird at first coming from 2k games but once you get the hang of it, it's actually very simple. The customization aspect is veryyy nice too, being able to create your teams(promotions), wrestler, referees, titles, rings, etc. You can also download other people's creation which is simply amazing. The game was out for a few hours and you can already download very nice creations, and it's just going to get better once more creations come out and more people review them.All in all very happy with my purchase, and I can already see the hours I'll spend customizing my roster. With that said, I'm off to a match between NJPW and WWE..."
,Recommended,564230,33481424,Posted: 12 July,all,ModernAdonis,I am so pleased with World. This is a solid title and it's still in development. I can't wait to see what the developers continue to release. Deep and fun product.
76561198062137022,Recommended,564230,33478761,Posted: 12 July,all,soak314,"Fire Pro for PC! It's early access, but it's got all the bells and whistles of a full-fledged FP game. There's kinks here and there, as evident in the transparent bug list, but otherwise, it's all gorgeous.I'm a Fire Pro enthusiast who only ever ran sim (AI vs AI) matches, and so far this is looking amazing. The QoL improvements in the Edit menus alone are HUGE timesavers. That said, the original, unadressable limitations with the AI still remain (proper use of diving and straight-to-pin moves AWAY from the ropes for example), as they are faithfully recreated in the new engine. Time will tell if we'll see these addressed, but as of now I can still live with it. I mean, I already have all these years prior.Soon I'll be recreating my original rosters and tweaking their AI's ad nauseum, then pitting then against each other for the sake of my entertainment.Good times!"
,Recommended,564230,33480650,Posted: 12 July,all,DKDarrenKelly,"Fire Pro has come back!I've been looking to play Fire Pro Wrestling forever, and i'ts very difficult to get in it's old format, either very hard to find, or very expensive to buy. But it's finally here, for everyone and now with Steam Workshop!Even in it's early form it's incredibly fun, the character customization is vast and honestly at times overwhelming, but that's a good thing in my mind. The moves feel like they have a weight to them when they hit, and although it took a bit of time getting used to the controls, once you do master them you'll be unstoppable!If you'd like to see how it performs graphically, I have recorded a video I think could get the point across to how it plays or looks. Definitely recommend this to wrestling fans, and maybe some non wrestling fans.https://youtu.be/2syZ21Cgix8"
,Recommended,564230,33480988,Posted: 12 July,all,Michael Sweetser,"It's crazy that the game is already this good and it's just in Early Access.  As a long-time Fire Pro player dating back to SFPWXP, it's the same Fire Pro engine you've come to know and love.  Being able to share - and automatically sync! - edits via the Workshop is an absolute godsend.  STRONGEST recommendation, especially if you're tired of the WWE games.  Fire Pro Wrestling World is a breath of fresh air."
76561198090222488,Recommended,564230,33490587,Posted: 12 July,all,Badwolf,"You know how every wrestling game you've ever played has been just a little too easy? Yeah, the AI counters more often or does a little more damage at the highest difficulty, but they don't think like a person, so it's easy to trick them and get back on offense. Fire Pro has an insanely deep logic system for to customize, so anyone you can wrestle exactly like that person. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,564230,33502239,Posted: 13 July,all,monsterhuntermalek,"Finally... The greatest wrestling series of all time, has come to Steam!Fire Pro Wrestling World is a dream come true. I've been a fan of the series ever since I found out I could play SNES roms on my computer way back in the day... I accidentally discovered Fire Pro and I've been hooked ever since. I don't know if it was the charm of the old school 2d sprites, or the fact that the wrestling was pretty deep. Tons of moves, and the possibilities of creating tons of my favorite wrestlers. It was just addicting.With Fire Pro World, all the features we've come to love have returned, and more. Currently the game is still in early access, but it's very playable in it's current stage, and the community is posting thousands of workshop creations making this one of the greatest Fire Pro games ever released... And the full version isn't even out yet!So what are we working with in early access. We have standard offline modes with all the match modes from Fire Pro history minus one. So that means, normal matches, tag matches, cage matches, barbed-wire exploding death matches, landmine matches, an MMA style cage... It's pretty nuts. There is a mission mode that serves as an in game tutorial. Honestly my only complaint comes from the mission mode. I find the tutorials helpful, but they've locked away attribute points and some moves for your created wrestlers... I think this is a dumb move since the last game pretty much came with everything unlocked. I guess the devs want to try to encourage people to play the game instead of just simming matches. Yes, one thing that is very big in the Fire Pro community is just sitting back and watching the action. Part of process for creating a wrestler is that you can actually design the wrestler's AI behavior, or as it's refereed to in the game, ""Logic"". This makes the game even more deep, as you can create wrestlers and have them perform matches anyway you like. You can make MMA style fighters, crusierwieght / luchadore styles, heavyweight hitters, hardcore icons, and mat submission specialist. The list goes on.I haven't spent anytime online as of yet. I've read the online experience isn't the best at the moment, but remember... Still in early access, these things will be improved upon in the future.The Steam Workshop support is live and works like a charm. I've downloaded over 60 wrestlers from real life, but I've also seen some wild fantasy / video game characters. Fire Pro has one of the best communities for custom content. I can't wait to see more. The game has only been out for two days yet their are thousands of things ready to be downloaded.Going back to the customization, you can create more than just wrestlers. You can edit promotions, edit rings, edit title belts. The sky is the limit here. If you are big into E-feds, this is a perfect game to sim matches in. Create your custom wrestlers and promotions and start throwing ppvs onto youtube. Dream big, because with Fire Pro you aren't going to find many limits.So overall if I had to attach a rating to this review, it would be a 7/10. Mostly giving it 7 because it's still in early access, and there are a few bugs here or there that will need to be fixed before I can rate higher. Still, I'm confident that the game will only get better with time. I will update this when the full release comes out. Thanks for reading, and please... Support this series if you like professional wrestling, and want to see more wrestling games on Steam."
,Recommended,564230,33796248,Posted: 25 July,all,"""The Supreme Gentleman"" Tom!",The only Fire Pro game I had played before this is FPR and I loved it.   This game is the same way.  It's basically FPR on PC with an easier way to find the wrestlers you want.  I've turned this game into a NJPW game and I love doing doing matches and watching them.  But this is a review so we have to get to Pro's and Con'sPro'sGreat WrestlingGreat SimulationPlay as any wrestlerCheap for a newer gameBetter than the Current 2K gamesMultiple MatchtypesA working onlineGreat to play with on a controllerActive Communityand a fun Pro-Wrestling GamesConsHard to hit moves such as the legdrop and clothslineand Kinda hard to learn for a beginnerSo Would I recommend this game. If you're a wrestling fan then yes. It's a very fun game even with the 2 cons.  I've found myself wanting to finish a match and my oppoent kicked at 2.9 and I've been shocked.  It's a great wrestling game and that's all there is to truly say about it.
76561198104055311,Recommended,564230,33668022,Posted: 20 July,all,UncouthJoker,"Fire Pro is still the best wrestling game in the world and with the Workshop behind it for CAWs it's gotten even better! If you want to get deep into simulating matches between today's stars, legends of yester years or make Bob Ross fight a bear, this game is for you."
76561198049553811,Recommended,564230,33483348,Posted: 12 July,all,moskau03,"Not your typical American style wrestling game, no grapple button, no mashing the controller to death (for the most part).  The name of the game is timing, once you get that down, this game is deeeeep.  Matches progress as an actual wrestling match should, start out with strikes and low teir moves, progressing to bigger and more powerful moves.American style wrestling games may take half hour to figrure out and get the hang of it, Fire Pro depending but 1 to 2 hours to figure it all out. Frustrating at first but very well worth sticking to it and learning.It has a Wrestle Fest feel to it, old school retro graphics are very well done.  Your favorite wrestler from the 80s isnt in it? you can create him/her with the deep custom create a wrestler feature or go to the workshop and download wrestlers that others have created.I give it 10 Suplexes out of 10."
,Recommended,564230,33483170,Posted: 12 July,all,Professor Voodoo,"(This review pertains to the early access version, and will likely be replaced once the full version is out)So after 12 years, the sequel to Returns, Fire Pro Wrestling World hits Steam (and later PS4), much to the surprise of a lot of fans (my jaw dropped when i first saw the ""lockup"" trailer). How does it fare atm? Let's find out.The Good:* The sounds are a massive improvement over Returns by a country mile, and even without the comparisons, hold their own quite well. (The main menu and match results themes are really catchy, for one, and the critical sound is heart stopping, in a good way)* Strike exchanges! These really are a great addition to the series, and even I can't help but say, ""Yeah! Ooh!"" during a really epic one.* Full tutorial mode. This is great for those who could never get into Fire Pro, and also helps to sharpen up many a veteran.* Blood on the mat. Kinda minor compared to the rest, but a worthwhile addition.* New moves added, with more to likely come* UNLIMITED EDIT SLOTS. (well at least as much as your hard drive can hold) Correct me if I'm wrong, but this is the first wrestling game to pull off such a feat.* Match results are back! (Not as deep as the GBA games, but there's room for improvement)* The new 9 layered system is great, and I think it's heavily slept on.* The new visuals look great, and strike a balance between modern and retro. Games like these are long successors of the 16 bit era.* Various issues seem to be fixed, like Returns's RNG bug, the breathing/spirit bug, and superior camera work being added to matches involving seconds to point out a few.The Not So Good:* The game has quite a few bugs, like keyboard users being unable to preview sounds, and extreme menu lag (which is thankfully being addressed by the devs). That being said it is Early Access, so these can be ironed out over time.* Mission 30 will likely drive you nuts if you're inexperienced to begin with, because the cage match escape AI has not been improved since R, and shaking the cage (unless you're the CPU, bleh) is useless.Thoughts:Despite a few (admittedly annoying) bugs (remember, Early Access), this game is already looking like an improvement over Returns in almost every area, and can definitely be considered a great successor, as well as a great standalone game on its own two feet. I seriously believe that even for a....late stage beta, this could definitely be put in contention for the GOAT of wrestling games."
76561198026730277,Recommended,564230,33484088,Posted: 12 July,all,willh313,"Definitely a must buy. Perhaps the best wrestling game you can buy at budget price. Might be the best game you can buy period, time will tell. Infinite created players and a move list that will [hopefully] be updated going forward make this a great look for any fan wrestling"
,Recommended,564230,33485161,Posted: 12 July,all,[TZS] FALLEN,Very simple and very fun. Tons of custom stuff to create. Better than most expensive titles for WRASTLN
,Recommended,564230,33448385,Posted: 10 July,all,Games ✗ Helicopter,"I've been into Fire Pro games since playing a fan translation of Super Fire Pro Wrestling X Premium 20 years ago. Then I finally got over my jealousy of PS1 modders when I could import Fire Pro D for Dreamcast, and spent nearly a year living in that. I got a Game Boy Advance just to play Fire Pro 2 on that, then spent more time than I'd like to admit with Fire Pro Returns on the PS2... and then there was 10 years of silence from Spike Chunsoft. Well thankfully, that's over.I know it needs work and will probably have much more content to work with by the time final release comes around, but so far FPW World is everything I ever wanted. The character creation is incredibly deep as usual, and the timing-based gameplay is still smooth. I would suggest that you get a gamepad for this though, if you don't have one already."
,Recommended,564230,33462992,Posted: 11 July,all,Spanish Zebra,"A great re-visit to old-school wrestling games at a time when no other firm is making wrestling games (except for 2k).I will list the pros and the cons of this game:Pros:Availability of Steam workshop, which allows you to download guys like Owens, Styles, Taker and Kenny Omega.Builds on nostalgia. If you never played this type of wrestling game, you may not like it. But it is worth a try.A lot of customization options available.A lot of match types.Many stipulations.Great moves available and theres a lot of them.Kenny Omega's entrance gun shooting thing is in as an emote.Online is pretty good. Haven't had a problem with net code yet.Cons:♥♥♥♥♥♥ entrance music.The menu and in-game music get annoying.Step down. If you think about it, todays WWE 2k games are a step up from this type of game. I personally don't think of this as a bad thing.Not enough buttons available to bind.Rating: 9/10.I love this game."
,Recommended,564230,33755071,Posted: 23 July,all,Kiwibeard,If you like doing your own roster and universe this game is AMAZING! It is so simple and easy to understand and would  recommend people that enjoy wrestling games to get this game so happy with it and is so fun its endless.
76561198194254785,Recommended,564230,33778824,Posted: 24 July,all,Big_Daddy_B,Great game with lots of potential!
76561198102718330,Recommended,564230,33622238,Posted: 17 July,all,DeathbySTI,Awesome
76561198103518501,Recommended,564230,33777535,Posted: 24 July,all,MeatySpag,"With the Workshop this game like MUGEN if it was a Wrestling Game, freaking love it, and probably one of the best Early Access Game"
76561198038076919,Recommended,564230,33616592,Posted: 17 July,all,Raspymorten,It's an updated Fire Pro Returns.Which is just what people wanted. So it's absolutely great.
,Recommended,564230,33618150,Posted: 17 July,all,Jasuchin,"Even in its unfinished state, this is one of my favorite wrestling games."
76561198096135862,Recommended,564230,33643131,Posted: 18 July,all,Illtor,"[I previously owned Fire Pro Wrestling Returns on the Playstation 2. My other previous exposure to this series was on a portable handheld, Game Boy Advance. I write this review as also a fan of the Old School Wrestling games dating back to the Sega Genesis/Snes Era if we really want to count. -I also played them on the NES- (WWF Royal Rumble/WWF RAW, Saturday Night Slammasters,) To the 3d Era: (WCW/NWO Revenge N64, Smackdown Know Your Role/WWF Warzone (PS1) To Smackdown Here Comes The Pain through the Smackdown VS Raw Ps2/Xbox Days.I may have purchased just one of the WW2k titles. It's quite the same old same old in my humble opinion. I may have bought WW2k16 for my younger brother in a selfish attempt also to see of the series has evolved. To my dismay it hadn't.I am also a die-hard fan of MDickies WRESTLING REVOLUTION. One of the better wrestling games out there in my humble opinion despite it's archaic look and feel. The randomness included in that game alongside the possibility of major injury and even death in it's booking mode makes it completely different from the rest of the market that I've explained previously...Why would I tell you all of this?Because Fire Pro Wrestling World is unlike any of those other games as well. It is as a wrestling game, as what New Japan is to a WWE Fan. You're probably going to be stepping into a brand new world if this is your first time venturing into the Fire Pro series.If you're a veteran and you're on the fence, you've been here before and done that before. This is basically already Fire Pro Wrestling returns  in a package with ""updated graphics"" (for those of you who are graphic ♥♥♥♥♥s and aren't already turned off by the 16bit-look) and Infinite Roster Space for you to mess around with the Steam Workshop to fill. It has been very easy for me to fill up separate rosters on this game from WCW, WWF/WWE, Lucha Underground, AAA, NJPW, and...ahem...TNA.You can also create inifinte custom wrestlers. They have added more ""layers"" to make customization so precice that you can make anyone from John Cena to Antonio Onoki. What I'm trying to say is you'll be able to create any amount of custom wrestlers you may have had in your head, set up their computer A.I. (it can get pretty complicated if you WANT IT TO, otherwise you can just leave the A.I. logic default) and start having them go for titles in no time.Fire Pro Wrestling world is a sandbox that is begging you to come play in it. From the get go you will need to:Create your own championships: (Can be done in a flash, although Workshop Downloads would be nice}Create your rings: {Again, the option to be able to download rings via the workshop would be nice)Create your separate promtions and fill up their rosters.Once you've done this, you can step into the tutorial. (JUST DO THE DAMN TUTORIAL) and then step into the ring.Once in the ring you will find:A very deep yet accessible timing-based-strike-and-grapple-system. (You will not succeed button mashing)A surprising amount of depth that is possible with the matches. You will be vaulting over the ropes, getting into strong-style fighting spirit slug-fests, and powerslamming from top-rope counters in no time.up to 4v4 matches so far, with Tornado Tag & Traditional Tag Variants. Countdown Battle Royals (Royal Rumbles) Hardcore matches, Barbed Wire Matches, Lumberjack, Cage Matches, MMA Style, submission matches the list goes on....Blood is in this game. Also there is a chance for a random ""critical"" which can knock y♥♥♥♥♥♥out instantly if you get caught. It's random, you have no control in it and it doesn't happen often. It's awesome to see an RKO outta nowhere "" Crit"" Jake The Snake Roberts for the 1-2-3.Anywho this review has been long enough so support this game if you're the least bit interested. It's a great one to keep up to date with current superstars as well as blasts from the past. If you're wanting an ""easy"" wrestling game I will go on ahead and warn you now. Button mashers also need not apply here. It simply will not work. There is an Online Function but as of this review it's 1v1 only with promises to update. I don't trust wrestling games online so it doesn't matter.My only con is that there is no ""Booking"" mode like there is for MDickies Wrestling Revolution. But that is also being harsh because Wrestling Revolution is a totally different game. But I would love for the capability of random injuries and/or deaths to occur in Fire Pro Wrestling....that would be lovely...I felt compelled to write this review after:Making a 4v4 traditional tag match between Bullet Club: Bad Luck Fale, Toma Tonga, Tanga Roa & Yujiro Takahashi [v] Los Ingobernables de Japon: Ticking Time Bomb, Tatsuya Nieto, Bushi & Sanada. (Should tell you what kind of wrestling fan I am)In this match I saw:Me as Bushi get tossed to the outside so both Tongans & Takahashi could take pot shots at me to the 11 count before the rest of L.I.J would come and help me.Perfectly timed taunts from Bad Luck Fale and Takahashi after they powerbombed the hell of me and put me in an impressive double-team sequence.Nieto run off the ropes, stop in the middle of the ring, and taunt when his opponent (Takahashi) was outside the ring. It was a shame it wasn't his laying down ""tranquilo"" taunt but you get the point.See blood stain the ring after weapons got involved.And when I lost after a well-timed powerslam counter in that same match. Computer Level was on 7/9."
76561198146143481,Recommended,564230,33619995,Posted: 17 July,all,gtube3a,Love the game game but can we have like Fire pro Wrestling Returns its kinda pointless to have a ring editor when you add a logo to the mat or the apron same goes for belts also how about more match types like hell in a cell or buried alive match or even a barbwire hell in a cell like anbrose asylum or the panjabi prison or the 3 stages of hell are how about a backstage brawl or a parking lot brawl ........if you agree coment on this
76561198058514322,Recommended,564230,33450421,Posted: 11 July,all,Steve (Torg),Absoutely amazing.Love the online player vs player CPU style matches-- seriously one of the coolest ways to play online without dealing with lag haha
76561197970409841,Recommended,564230,33512487,Posted: 13 July,all,strangescript,"I used to play the hell out of these kind of games on the NES and SNES back in the day.  Despite that I was still pretty skeptical about this game and was unfamiliar with Fire until I saw this on steam.It has been a lot of fun.  There is more I wish they would do, but so far so good.It would be nice to see even more elements added to create a wrestler.  Also if damage was a bit more visceral.  Being able to do real damage to a limb which causes your opponent to move slower or lose access to abilities would be interesting."
,Recommended,564230,33488820,Posted: 12 July,all,MonkeyJug,"When I was younger, I went to the local market one day and acquired myself a freshly-pressed copy of Fire Pro Wrestling D for my Dreamcast.  I'd never heard of the name before and the screenshots on the back looked a bit crap, but I put it down to the dodgy photocopied 'insert' that accompanied my disc.  It was only a fiver, so I figured it was worth the risk.  I got that game home and fired it up.  I briefly wrestled with the Japanese text, but after a short while, I managed to get an exhibition match going...Boy oh boy!  What a surprise!  The graphics were drop-dead gorgeous.  The gameplay was sublime, bordering on absolute perfection.  I knew at that exact moment that I had discovered a true masterpiece of gaming history.  I fell in love with that game, on that day, way back at the beginning of the year 2000 and it thereby displaced Soul Calibur as the permanent fixture inside that amazing little grey box.I played that game to death with the help of a translation guide I found on the Internet.  I still have my Dreamcast, lying in a box somewhere in my mother's attic - I imagine it's probably still got that old burned CD of FPWD inside it.Now, in 2017, I can start to relive that thrill, that enjoyment, that beautiful, blissful gameplay that I discovered all those years ago.Being Early Access, the game is rough around the edges, for sure.  But that magical feeling you get, only when you play a Fire Pro Wrestling game, is there in all its unmistakable glory!In fact - having rekindled my affection for the series, I immediately felt obliged to buy FPWR for my PS3, having never known it was available on that format.  Doubt I'll ever play it, but... you know, now I'm a grown man, I figure I owe the developers! :o)Really excited to see this game on Steam.  CANNOT WAIT for what's ahead!"
76561197996823831,Recommended,564230,34863533,Posted: 10 September,all,killermime88,"While nothing will ever replace the AKI wrestling games of the 90s, this game comes pretty close to what wrestling fans have dreamed of for years and years. You can literally make any wrestler you want. Want Hulk Hogan in his 80s prime? You can do that. Want Stone Cold Steve Austin to wrestle CM Punk? You can do that. Want to sim the G1 Climax with wrestlers from all over the world? You can do that. If you think it, you can do it.As far as gameplay goes, it is the deepest of any wrestling game ever made. The combat system is timing based and must be clear and consise. Just like a typical wrestling match, you start with weaker strikes and moves and move your way up the chain as you wear down your opponent. It's the most dynamic wrestling game I have ever played.If you're a wrestling fan looking for a deeper gaming experience than the WWE 2K games, this one is for you. You won't regret it. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,564230,33461050,Posted: 11 July,all,F4T4L,"It's a rarity for a game that I'm so hype about to meet my expectations.  This game meets and exceeds them and it's still only in Early Access.  I'd dare to say that this is essentially a port of the PS2 Fire Pro Wrestling Returns, but it's more of a further expanded upon version of it.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it.Having workshop support is just genius for people who want a full roster of people but don't have the patience or ability to create their favorite wrestlers/characters themselves, or if they want to share their own creations.It's honestly hard to believe this is Early Access, it feels like a complete game to me.  Plenty of match types, lots of different wrestling moves, countless hours of entertainment by competing yourself in exhibitions or tournaments or knocking out a few mission mode matches, and of course online play!I have only tried the game using a keyboard thus far, and it's functional and not too hindering and the controls are pretty solid.  My only complaint really right now is the low number of stock generic characters, but the fun of this game is the custom wrestlers, so you'll be spending a lot of time either creating your own wrestlers or downloading a bunch from the workshop to fill your roster.  I'd also recommend new players to check out the game manual to know all the basic controls.  I had no idea how to pick up a dropped weapon and thankfully I checked the manual out to find out that it was down+run."
,Recommended,564230,33450194,Posted: 11 July,all,The Sid Man,"As many have said about Fire Pro, I thought I'd never see the day this would land on PC. It was nothing but a pipe dream conversation amongst my friends and I who grew up with wrestling and wrestling games. Today that pipe dream became a reality, and it's only just the beginning of what this is going to evolve into.Gameplay is already intact for an EA game and the customization, endless. As it currently stands, it's an improved version of Fire Pro Wrestling Returns. It even has online play! This is also not only wrestling, but an MMA game(yes, there is an octagon!) as well. Do yourself a favor and support this game if youre into wrestlers/brawlers in general. It's hands down the best wrestling game ever made."
76561198059042233,Recommended,564230,33465122,Posted: 11 July,all,Ibsen,"There are way more features than I expected for early access. It's awesome so far, with tons of quality of life improvements for CAW artists. Can't wait to be part of this product developing towards full release.FPW's focus on being a great game puts 2K with their bells and whistles to shame. Best wrestling games ever, and after one evening exploring this new version it lives up to its legacy. Very pleased customer on day 1 of early access."
76561198137922027,Recommended,564230,33474497,Posted: 12 July,all,Mortus Invictus,Awesomeness.
,Recommended,564230,34662644,Posted: 1 September,all,rushydarabbit,This is a great game and a must have for any fan of the Fire Pro Series.  Is the next level to Fire Pro Wrestling Returns.
,Recommended,564230,35208864,Posted: 25 September,all,tbsjordan,Awesome game. The Fire Pro game the community has dreamed of for years
,Recommended,564230,35281540,Posted: 28 September,all,badviruz,God I love this game!!
,Recommended,564230,35332416,Posted: 30 September,all,YaBoyRob,"Amazing game, all it needs is a booker mode, or give me the ability to book shows, and pick the winners, and maybe time limit of the match, while in sim mode. I am disabled & cannot use a controller, so I only sim. This way I can book my own shows & create angles. Also being able to end a match on a run in would be awesome. This game even without these features is WELL worth it, but I can dream, can't I?"
76561198173478126,Recommended,564230,35280435,Posted: 28 September,all,superpancakes2,"excellent game, well supported by the devs with regular updates . a rare example of early access working properly. the game is the most refined in the series . hopefully more customisation will be possible as the game developes"
,Recommended,564230,35280634,Posted: 28 September,all,sklokazoid,"Fire Pro Wrestling has always been sold to the core, and this verison on PC sticks to its fundamentals. The added online support really adds to the endless possibilities this game offers.One of the best wrestling games of all time."
,Recommended,564230,35423703,Posted: 2 October,all,AndreTheShadow,"Fire ProWrestling is the best wrestling series of all time, bar none. The amount of customization is legendary. The gameplay is deep and simultaneously intuitive.This early-access version may be the best early-access game in terms of support from developers. They have a rigorous update schedule, and a great relationship with their fans.The community is second to none. Any wrestler you could want is available on the workshop, from Frank Gotch to CM Punk.It'd be a steal at twice the price."
76561198031436832,Recommended,564230,33528636,Posted: 13 July,all,dvdbf,You could be playing by now if you didn't read reviews. It's fire pro wrestling you know you want it!
,Recommended,564230,33595953,Posted: 16 July,all,FARTSFARTSFARTS,"It's an old-school wrestling game with mechanics akin to fighting games.  It allows for multiple playstyles, is fully customizable, and has Steam Workshop support included.This game is a hidden gem for fighting game and/or wrestling fans, and with the immense amount of customization, there's something here for every fan of the genre."
76561198143465667,Recommended,564230,34340832,Posted: 18 August,all,Craig Vee,With all the hisory this franchise has in Japan its amazing to see a release fialy on Steam - and its amazing - great gameplay that flows well and lows like a realistic wrestling match - has a great amount of customization options (I mean were else can you have Bob Ross Fight Boris Johnson in a Landmine Deathmatch) runs like a dream unlike some wrestling game ports released on steam. I highly reccommend this game - not only to wrestling fans but lso oldschol beat 'em up fans will enjoy the fighing mechanis in the game too.
,Recommended,564230,34531804,Posted: 27 August,all,Raden,"Don't be put off just because ""ew it looks like a super nintendo game"". If that's your thinking, then the game is too advanced for you. This is a game in which you can not only create Hulk Hogan, but you can fine tune his AI logic to make him act exactly like Hulk Hogan would. Try doing that on that ""other"" series.Since everything is sprite based, your created characters will all look like they belong in the same ring together.The gameplay is simple, but so complex at the same time. You walk around until you knock into each other, at which point the wrestlers will grapple. As soon as the animation finishes, that's when you want to hit your attack buttons. First person to register an attack wins the grapple and gets the move. You have to start with your small grapple moves first! If you try going for your chokeslams and powerbombs right away, you will be reversed out of your boots. You need to start small and build up, like an actual wrestling match.Strikes are going to be difficult at first if you have not played this series before. You need to get the distance just right. Too close and you will miss the attack. It can be very hard at first: For the PS2 entry in this series, I took it out of the box, played it for an hour getting frustrated at it, powered it off and shoved it in my game storage for a month. Saw it again after that, tried it again, and once I got the striking down and it all clicked, then I started having a lot of fun with it. Don't let the strikes put you off this game like it did me. You can and will learn, and once you do you will be glad you didn't give up.""Do you recommend this game?"" If you are a wrestling fan, I cannot possibly recommend it enough. Give it a try, you might find a whole new world out there that is very different from the WWE universe, and it might be a little scary at first, but we'll all love to help you out on your way to becoming the world champion."
76561198020471163,Recommended,564230,34319944,Posted: 17 August,all,HadesRevolution,Bought this game out of curiousity of simming my own matches. Oh my  god it's a wonderful game. I really hope this becomes more popular as it is probably the best wrestling game out there. I haven't even attempted doing the matches myself yet as I am enjoying simulating them so much. Seems standard my downloaded Brock Lesnar dominated his way to my XCW Heavyweight title
76561197995347992,Recommended,564230,33841748,Posted: 27 July,all,Jibb,Very fun! I wasn't expecting to like it much but I'm 10 hours in and I haven't even played a single match yet haha.
,Recommended,564230,34026395,Posted: 4 August,all,Outlaw Star,"This is a phenomenal wrestling game, the game play is the tightest of the entire series and the customization is endless. Highly recommended for anybody that enjoys pro wrestling."
76561198034324493,Recommended,564230,33465631,Posted: 11 July,all,Shark,"You have Rainmaker , Destino and One Winged Angel , what do you want more? Did i said steam workshop?"
76561198067154328,Recommended,564230,33857423,Posted: 28 July,all,NightFox,"Fire Pro Wrestling World is the newest game in the series Fire Pro and luckily for us and everyone working on this game, it is the best one yet, by miles. Lets start off with the gameplay, this is not 2k, so dont be excepting some huge graphical game. What this game does do is bring depth into its gameplay fightingwise. You have a huge list of moves that you can select from. For example, I downloaded most of New Japan's roster and all of the moves for eavh wrestler is there from Okada's Rainmaker to Naito's Destino its all there. The next thing i want to talk about is the wrestlers, you start off with wrestlers that arent real however, thanks to steam workeshop you can choice from thousands of creations ranging from WWE superstars to NJPW wrestlers and anything in between, this game has it all. The only thing I would like to see is a couple more match types and an easier way to defend titles other than that, this is a must buy game for all wrestling fans9/10 Would recommend"
,Recommended,564230,33726796,Posted: 22 July,all,Splodybits,"Great game if you are a fan of wrestling games. I havent watched any wrestling for over 15 years but that doesnt stop this game from being great. Well worth the $20 and dont let EA scare you, all the content you need is here."
,Recommended,564230,33513681,Posted: 13 July,all,Gurthang76,Having played Fire Pro games for the past 20+ years I can say without a doubt that this is the greatest wrestling game of all time. The fact that it's early access and will only get better from here?  Icing on the cake.  Yes there are a few bugs and annoyances but nothing that makes it unplayable.  And yes the workshop is a little convoluted getting wrestlers into your game but just the simple fact that your edits can now be shared online is a godsend for this series.  I remember going through templates line by line to build wrestlers and it was tedious to say the least.
,Recommended,564230,33524050,Posted: 13 July,all,mrajk,"Incredible game for pro wrestling fans. I've been playing Fire Pro since the SNES days, and this game, while not perfect, has potential to be the king of them all. With the amount of edits on the Steam Workshop already available (2500 or so and counting) there is a nearly endless supply of grapplers to battle against another. This is still early access, but it is far from being unplayable. The developer is open for suggestions to add to the game. This is truly a FAN game if there ever was one. I'm excited to see what gets updated to it."
,Recommended,564230,33445491,Posted: 10 July,all,TheBigDaddyDowd,Worth every penny. Fire Pro is the greatest wrestling game ever made. The workshop will give you everything you need to have fun.
,Recommended,564230,33445511,Posted: 10 July,all,Zurkon,The best ♥♥♥♥ING wrestling game is back.Download now before the workshop is filled with garbage!
,Recommended,564230,33446594,Posted: 10 July,all,Devin Vertigo,"I've been a fan of the Fire Pro series since I found Returns years ago. I don't have the longevity of many of the people who are buying this initially on early access, but I will say this: I don't regret it.I enjoy games that allow proper Simming, and with the logic system for the wrestlers, this can be done to a tee. As it stands, the community has already begun uploading a plethora of 'real world' wrestlers to the Workshop, allowing for a fully customizable experience for those who gripe the initial roster is too smal.The game harkens back to the 2-Dish days of old, and as the days go on, I'm sure the game itself will improve. This is an Early Access title, brought onj by the request and fervor of a dedicated fanbase for the old games. It feels and plays like Returns and that, is by no means a bad thing.Bottom line: $20 is a steal, if you're looking for a fun wrestling game, either to just play, alone or with friends, or your'e looking for an alternative to the WWE 2K series. The future of this game will be the community and what comes from it, as well as the updates from the Devs, so help the Devs, identify what you want to see, and help the community. If this is the starting product, I can't wait for the end result.Oh, and it plays well, with few technical issues, as well. Great start."
76561198007852619,Recommended,564230,33446405,Posted: 10 July,all,r4dagast,"It's Fire Pro Wrestling, and it is only going to get better as people create wrestlers and you can build up your rosters."
76561198019334286,Recommended,564230,33446846,Posted: 10 July,all,Deputy Jemonji,"Extremely fun game with loads to build off of. The workshop will provide your dream line ups, and as the game progresses we will see more customization and match types. Online play feels solid, it is great to play a new Fire Pro Wrestling."
76561197984288927,Recommended,564230,33757394,Posted: 23 July,all,JGrey,"Really great for even a full release, let alone an early access game. Looking forward to the evolution of this Fire Pro."
,Recommended,564230,33541717,Posted: 14 July,all,Konrad Klaus,"Fantastic series; so glad it has come back.  The game is great.  I am enjoying mission mode, but hope a story mode is added!  BTW, I don't even watch pro wrestling, but loved the series back in my emulating super famicom days."
76561197993484841,Recommended,564230,33485198,Posted: 12 July,all,Aerionix,"The long awaited pc edition of Fire Pro Wrestling World has arrived.  But was it worth the wait?Background:This iconic series got it's start in 1989 and was a huge hit in japan, finding a home on the super famicom, ps2, gameboy advance, and other popular consoles.  While most wrestling games were heading in the direction of 3d gameplay with licensed characters, career modes, and true to life entrances, Fire Pro was something different.  Using 2d sprites and a robust character editor, Fire Pro was often thought of as more Simulator than game, with people often running entire EFEDS off the software.  The easy to use customizing features allowed virtually any wrestling superstar or character to be added to the games.  This was important, as the developer (HUMAN early on, then SPIKE) did not have the rights to use actual wrestlers.  Instead they put characters with similar looks and movesets in and let the fans do the rest.  Another popular customizable feature was the AI behavioral logic, which allowed you to make an ai controlled character behave the way their real life counterpart would.   The games gained cult status over the years in america by fans wanting something a bit different than the usual yukes/jakks wrestling games that would appear every couple of years.  On July 10th, 2017, Fire Pro wrestling world became the first release in the series released exclusively for pc, with a ps4 version planned for the near future.Graphics:Nobody has ever purchased a fire pro game because of the modern graphics and stunning visual effects, but the 2d sprites are well done with smooth animation.  Explosions and blood effects look better on the new version but very little has actually changed from the original style, they just look bigger and a bit more detailed.  Best looking fire pro game to date, which shouldn't surprise anyone, given the hardware it's running on.  That said, if you are primarily interested in graphics, wwe 2k17 is available for purchase fairly cheaply due to 2k18 being announced for release soon.Sound:This is fire pro's weak spot throughout the series and FPWW is no different. The japanese rock themes are well done and fit well, but the character vocalizations are just unpleasant at times.  When performing certain moves, the characters grunt in a very artificial way repeatedly, the referee will also repeatedly ask give up? give up? give up?  give up?  during submission matches.  I get it's audio on the same tech level of the video, but while they used the limited visual capabilities to fullest extent, you feel like very little effort was put in to improve the audio experience.  The 3 counts sound good if that helps lol.  No custom music or themes for characters yet, but there's always hope for that to be added in later.  Including a sound editor using wav or mp3 for the sound events in-game would have been an amazing add here.Gameplay:The gameplay is timing based with some button mashing thrown in.  The grapple moves involve waiting for the wrestlers to lock up and pressing a button/direction at the instant they make contact.  This doesn't appeal to some but it really does work well, providing a fair and equal way of battling.  The button mashing comes into play during kickouts and submission escapes, and isn't overdone.  Tests of strength are resolved by repeatedly pressing back and forth on your directional controls.  If I had a complaint here, it is that some striking moves require a very specific angle and distance to connect.  You will miss many dropkicks that you feel made perfect contact.  Sometimes moves delivered from the top rope connect right on the guy yet it registers a miss.  These occurances happen often enough to be irritating, but not so often as to ruin the experience.  Hitting those moves becomes much more satisfying when done perfectly.Play options:More coming after the early access period.  For now, standard match types for fire pro, including 8 man battle royals, 8 man tags, MMA type matches, cages, barbed wire with c4 explosives, exploding ring deathmatchs, there's some good stuff here.  Run leagues, run tournaments, the level of customization here is really nice and should keep simmers busy for a long time.Online:Matches at the moment are hit or miss.  Connecting is a problem, staying connected is a problem, lag is a problem.  This may be a drawback of early access to be improved on later.  This is the first online version of the game so some bugs are to be expected.Presentation:This is another thing that might just be a personal nag.  The game was originally japanese.  There's going to be some translation issues.  But It doesn't feel like it would have been very difficult for an english speaking employee to change some of the wording to a more north american friendly version.  Exploding rings are referred to as landmines.  MMA contests are called Gruesome Fighting.  The instructions in mission mode are often misleading because of eliminations in battle royals and such being labelled disqualifications.  And a further note on mission mode, often the controls for what you need to do to perform the required action are left unclear.  There is also no digital manual or instruction to find information on how to tag, perform cage jumps, and other items.  These are things that I'd like to see improved in future versions, but in game changes to the language is unlikely, although a manual will likely be created at some point to assist new players.Fun Factor:This is such a love it or hate it game.  If you are only playing verses the cpu, you will learn the game quickly and squash everyone you face.  This will get dull.   If online becomes more stable, it may be worth getting for that.  But the sort of people this game will appeal to are the people who will download or make wrestlers from the past, present, or their own imaginations.  Make their behavior as true to life as possible, and put them in cpu controlled matches to see what happens.  If that seems fun to you, there is no greater wrestling sim in the world and you need to drop that 20 bucks right now.  If you just want an arcade wrestling game, go get 2k.  It's much better for what you want.I apologize for not giving a very good review on the actual creation suite.  I've never been very good at CAW editing so I tend to grab from other people's uploads.  I have made one guy and the process was very detailed.  I was overwhelmed.  Those who enjoy the stuff will love it.My score 8/10.   It does what it was expected and does it fairly well with a few collision problems.  Online issues and translation stuff are the down side  for me.  For an early access game, its amazing."
76561198080167128,Recommended,564230,33462245,Posted: 11 July,all,Kory,Awesome game.
,Recommended,564230,33762277,Posted: 24 July,all,[Omega] Snek,"I started off wrestling games with WWE 2k16 which is good, just not as good as this. The level of editing allowed already is borderline psychotic. It even lets you choose how your CAWs act as AI. Its hard as nails and just as unforgiving. The controls can be a bit clunky and it is very good at telling you ♥♥♥♥-all if you're new. But for some reason, this may be the best game I have played in years, and most definitely my favorite. Buy this game. Now."
76561198371235642,Recommended,564230,33622182,Posted: 17 July,all,FluxEqualsRad,The Best. That's it. The ♥♥♥♥ing best.
76561198012312412,Recommended,564230,33939253,Posted: 31 July,all,Destro9,"Excellent wrestling simulator ,just buy it"
,Recommended,564230,33466683,Posted: 11 July,all,P a n t c h 🏳,"TL;DR - Hard, takes a while to get used to, fun, fluid combat, fighting game (not just wrestling game), 8 players, worth the money. 9.5/10This game is amazing. It's incredibly hard, but amazing.Overall, this is a FIGHTING game, even though it is advertized as a wrestling game.There is boxing, mma, wrestling (match, cage, deathmatch).The style is very different than the average wrestling game as well. WWE games consist of spamming buttons to get to a finisher. You don't feel like a badass, but you can win a lot more often. In this game, however, it's a timing based style. It's VERY fun, just that it takes about an hour to get used to. Play the tutorial (the beginning of mission mode), and you'll be set.Combat is very fluid, going from one move to another without glitches or bugs, as WWE games are known for.Now to the character creation, oh man. You can create just about ANYONE you want, from WWE to NJWP, to TNA, to UFC, your own ideas. Your creation can be made just about EXACTLY as you want to, and with match settings, and creating belts, characters (with every move customizeable), rings, and even REFFEREES (Red Shoes fans cheer), there's something for everyone. And with Steam Workshop support, it's amazing what you can find.Pros:- Fluid Combat- More than just wrestling- Fun mechanics, 8 player fights- CreatorCons:-Online mode is currently being fixed, as sometimes it breaks.-Repetative music, not really a problem for me.-Not many options in the options menu.-No real create-an entrance.-No downloadable entrance music, just certain songs for entrances.Overall - Fun game, if you like fighting games of any kind, I'd recomend this one to you. And with early access still in effect, we'll be getting more content soon!Currently (As of 7/11/17) - 9.5/10"
,Recommended,564230,33471898,Posted: 11 July,all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Let me take a moment after winning the Royal Rumble to say this.. My first game in this game was a wrestling match with the following people taking part in the action:Captain of Team 1:- Agent Dale Cooper from Twin PeaksCaptain of Team 2:- Jim SterlingOf course they where joined by Wrestling legends such as Sting, Macho Man, Rey Mysterio Jr. and Hulk Hogan.This game already has an amazing Mod community, everyone has been busy making characters for people to download and play as. Everything from MMA fighters like Conor and CroCop, tv show stars like Twin Peaks Dale Cooper and Spider man, to old school WWF/WCW fighters, Japanese wrestlers, female wrestlers and videogame stars from games such as Doom and Metal Gear Solid. The game has only been out a day and there are already so many awesome things to download on the steam workshop.Fun gameplay, lots of custimization and mod support, keep up the good work devs!Oh yeah, did I mention I am not even a wrestling fan? I liked it when I was a young kid for a little but I havn't seen wrestling in so many years. Still this game is fantastic and a real joy."
,Recommended,564230,33482919,Posted: 12 July,all,AkaiKatana1cc,A bunch of sweaty dudes in panties living out their erotic fantasies and settling grudges. Timeless series.9/10Netcode needs work.
,Recommended,564230,33728029,Posted: 22 July,all,beefyness,"I'm completely new to the Fire Pro series, but I have to say I'm completely blown away by how fun and addictive it is. I jumped in on day one and there was already so much content made in the Workshop I could jump straight into playing some dream matches. The tutorial system is fun and helped me understand the mechanics of the game. The lack of button mashing feels like you're actually in a contest of skill as opposed to luck. Lag and connection issues can make it feel like you're guessing at the timing, but even that becomes part of the challenge. Creating wrestlers is really fun as well. Not even just pros, but other random characters and your friends. It's dope. I hope to see some improvements to online play and some of the editing features in the future, but the core gameplay is really on point and great if you want to play a quick match or marathon all day."
,Recommended,564230,33492740,Posted: 12 July,all,Blank?,MINUS FIVE STARS
76561198073508162,Recommended,564230,34109715,Posted: 8 August,all,Dick Justice,"Mommy told me I could be anything I wanted to be when I grow up so I became my own Vince McMahon, far superior to that unpixelated real one because instead of just pushing big and sweaty bad wrestlers and making shoddy looking title belts and other props for sky-high costs, I can also give birth to them too! And now, for only 20 Eur, or your own regional equivalent, so can you!"
76561198174385914,Recommended,564230,33632069,Posted: 18 July,all,scarybrady,AMAZING
76561198408660703,Recommended,564230,33961981,Posted: 1 August,all,mannysoto1975,Fun game I remember playing the old playstation ones
,Recommended,564230,33728950,Posted: 22 July,all,HG Punk,You should notice how most of the reviews on the first page have over 30 hours into the game. It's that good.
,Recommended,564230,33732006,Posted: 22 July,all,Maj_Crisis,Tully Blanchard made the hot tag to Arn Anderson after being busted open by Dennis Condrey.Would buy again.
,Recommended,564230,33456853,Posted: 11 July,all,RiiOTBro,I was not considering purchasing this game due to have not ever playing a Fire Pro game before. I picked it up because it looked pretty promising. While I do prefer Mdickie wrestling games still (Please don't kill me). This is still super customizable and fun to play. I can't wait to put more hours into this.
76561198048151802,Recommended,564230,33448848,Posted: 10 July,all,Hyperbomb180,Unlimited potential here. The Workshop is already LIT!
,Recommended,564230,33449093,Posted: 10 July,all,Tizlor,The best Fire pro and best wrestling game to date.
76561198002826577,Recommended,564230,33449155,Posted: 10 July,all,Star 45,"The game just keeps getting better. As long there is attention to this game the more pooular it gets. The game evolves in time, especially getting feedback from the beloved fanatics. The game game is not just pro wrestling but MMA. Been a huge fan since 1991 and never stopped. Started the Fire Pro Club with James when we was just emailing each other. Look at it now. Awesome. Thank you all!!"
76561198099444730,Recommended,564230,33484481,Posted: 12 July,all,Trick R Treatz,"Oh My, on my Wishlist for months, and its finally here, like an RKO outta nowhere.Brillaint fun for having your friends round for a good wrestle,Finally, Fire Pro Wrestling Has Returned To Steam......... (mic drop)"
76561198380483145,Recommended,564230,33455018,Posted: 11 July,all,supratim.nayak22,just awesome.... was waiting for the game for a long time... and the game worth it.... love the gameplay and workshop system.... just have a lil request.... plz allow us to use our own mp3/songs for our caws....
,Recommended,564230,33453852,Posted: 11 July,all,Stangboy88,Incredible so far!Just as great as the best Fire Pro games and the instant workshop support has blown my mind!My only complaint is that it seemed to launch with a bit higher price than I had originally thought.
76561198404301597,Recommended,564230,33642881,Posted: 18 July,all,hellboyhitscar,Its Fire Pro. If you're here you already love it.
,Recommended,564230,33766474,Posted: 24 July,all,BRAK (ง°ل͜°)ง BABALITY,"Super refined gameplay + best customizable bits around.Needs work on game modes and UI, but it's early access.  Core gameplay is basically perfect."
,Recommended,564230,33642601,Posted: 18 July,all,xv1980,"Fantastic!If you like a wrestling game based on timing and performance, this one is for you."
76561198002169247,Recommended,564230,33643608,Posted: 18 July,all,The_Joker,I have played fire pro wrestling since the Sega Saturn.  I have waited for a long time for fire pro to come out on the pc and so far I am happy with the beta and how it plays.  I mainly play this with my 2 sons and look forward to hours of fun once I update the roster.
76561198011066788,Recommended,564230,33446527,Posted: 10 July,all,afroman90805,"Great game that's all I can say,thank you Spike Chunsoft for continuing this great Wrestling series that still today continuesto be  great after all these years."
76561198045401832,Recommended,564230,33710351,Posted: 21 July,all,SoloPlayah,"+ Engine+ Animation flow+ Wrestling, hardcore wrestling, boxing, or MMA+ Tons of settings+ CAWs+ Community+ Controls after you practice timing and location+ Mission Mode+ Play out or sim+ Create title, defend, and track defenses+ Moves+ DetailsAs of July 21, 2017: for the actual release would like to see a Story or GM Mode, save win/loss records, and clean up some lag when selecting characters/menu selections, other misc GUI."
,Recommended,564230,34150033,Posted: 10 August,all,Shorty,"-Sims Bobby Roode vs Drew McIntyre-Roode attacks Drew's knee during the match-Towards end of match, Roode puts McIntyre in a figure four then puts him in a single leg boston crab-Both get up, Roode drops McIntrye with a Glorious DDT: KO! Roode wins the match. (I recorded it as well)If this doesn't persuade you to buy it then I don't know what will, I dabbed into Fire Pro a little bit with the PS2 so I was excited when I heard about World coming, easily my favorite wrestling game to play (and watch) today, don't let the early access tag scare you away from such an awesome wrestling game."
76561198129747659,Recommended,564230,34179818,Posted: 11 August,all,B-B-B-BAKA!!!|Tame Impala,i started off playing wrestlemania 2000 and no mercy on n64 then i got a ps2 and saw fire pro wrestling returns at game stop and my god was it so ♥♥♥♥ing good so much customization and the ability to have literally any superstar from any promotion and on top of that a custom logo maker and ring maker my god was it good. Now its 2017 and this gem of a game comes out on pc well i can tell you right now GET IT. Mostly everything is there such as the character creator and ring maker (custom logos and more to be added at a later date as stated by the devs). If you grew up playing wrestling games at all and never touched a FPW game at all you owe it to yourself to get this game.
,Recommended,564230,33467395,Posted: 11 July,all,Big Poppa Pump,"So, long story short. The first time i saw Fire Pro, was in a video of NewLegacyInc, but (sorry, don't kill me) i don't really like the game.Yesterday, i bought Fire Pro Wrestling World, because nL give me some hype.Best purchase i ever made. Unlike the 2k♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is the best game of wrestling i ever played."
,Recommended,564230,33466185,Posted: 11 July,all,Bone,"Having played an earlier Firepro game on the Dreamcast I've been following World since the announcement. Decided to risk getting it in early access and haven't been disappointed so far, not having come across any performance issues or bugs on either my desktop or laptop in the brief time I've spent with it. Limited wrestler line up so far, but that is already mitigated by the large amount of wrestlers avaible from the workshop.Same familar gameplay as previous entries in the series combined with online and workshop support, easy to recommend to fans of the series."
,Recommended,564230,33466557,Posted: 11 July,all,theCarnage,"I was and still am a huge Fire Pro Wrestling fan as I have spent a lot of time playing Returns on the PS2 and was always dreaming of having a PC version with an Online mode. The gameplay is the same, the feeling is the same but here you got no limits for your edits, which is amazing considering that we have a Workshop and it's spreading really fast with quality content. Early Access is pretty neat and for us, the old fans of the franchise, it's pure fun. The online mode consisting of Pro Wrestling and Cement is really what I dig the most in the type of match you wanna have, without having trolls, at least yet, because the community as I've known it so far is nothing close to cancer, it's love. Fire Pro Wrestling World is something I've been waiting for a whole lot of years. The perfect wrestling game for a real wrestling fan. Thank you, Tomoyuki Matsumoto!"
76561198149573297,Recommended,564230,33940924,Posted: 31 July,all,Apex Trill,"fun game, will wait for sale tho"
,Recommended,564230,34484859,Posted: 25 August,all,Beermeneer,I really like this game and reccomend it for every wrestling fan.I made some videos of this game you can check them out.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwSR9xkZGAVQ4KUULoQnHPg
,Recommended,564230,33930283,Posted: 31 July,all,Somatic,"I had a Battle Royal where 5 out of the 8 participates were knocked out in their pool of their own blood. The remaining participates sans me, kept hitting their lifeless corpes.11/10 for intention murder in a wrestling game."
,Recommended,564230,33630018,Posted: 18 July,all,𝔪𝔞𝔤𝔫𝔬𝔩𝔦𝔞 #TeamNaito,Freight Train beat Conor McGregor10/10 best ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,564230,33530956,Posted: 14 July,all,icon,Best. Wrestling. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,564230,33467598,Posted: 11 July,all,sadnhappy,"One of the most legendary wrestling games finally comes to PC. If you know the previous games, it's all that super sized. The CAW edit mode is HUGE and it's only going to be bigger. Sure it's Early Access, a bit lag sometimes and bugs for sure but this is going to end up 10/10 for any pro wrestling fan. It's simply a must-have.The first online match felt magical, I would've never believed that someday I could play FPW against other people online."
,Recommended,564230,33476545,Posted: 12 July,all,Bloodspoor,"I love the Fire Pro games. I love customization, but there are weird things in this. Sometimes I can use my mouse, but others just keyboard or controller. It's kind of frustrating because mouse control would be ideal for CAW mode. Anyway, I really wanted to support the game and let you know that I'd really like to see this come to the Nintendo Switch. CAW mode is pretty great. I'd like to see more parts, but the included parts are adequate. Will update the review after I've gotten a chance to delve deeper into the game."
76561198037151458,Recommended,564230,33548652,Posted: 14 July,all,[Ea$T]-hmptonbys,incredible use of the steam workshop!
,Recommended,564230,33713671,Posted: 21 July,all,Fuh Q,"There is a new king in wrestling and it's name is Fire Pro Wrestling World. Even in early access this game oozes style and depth that puts WWE 2k on notice. I look forward to playing this everyday and you dont even have to be playing by yourself or with friends as you can use the workshop and download nearly any wrestler ever heard of and have them compete against each other with some of the best AI logic I have ever seen and be engrossed the whole time.Do not let the graphics fool you as they are more than satisfactory in the playing experience. The only con at the moment, personally, is that I would like for the champions to be able to walk out to the ring with their belts. By the time this gets out of early access this could very well be a 40 dollar game once the final price is placed and trust me when I say it would be worth every penny. Thank you to the great team behind this game. We see your passion and we trust your comittment to bring out the very best game possible. Buy it if you are a wrestling fan and you will not be disappointed."
76561198045869473,Recommended,564230,33712828,Posted: 21 July,all,ZRack86,"I'm only about 9 hours into this early access game but I find myself looking forward to playing it each night after work.  As a long time fan of the Fire Pro Wrestling series, I think this game has a lot of potential and is a dream come true for many fans. Just one week in there are already thousands of wrestler edits on the steam workshop--a testament to the power of the creation tools. If you're already familiar with FPR gameplay on PS2/PS3 you'll feel right at home in FPWW. Nothing significant has changed in regard to controls & gameplay, but if it's not broke it doesn't need to be fixed. There are a few new gameplay mechanics such as the fighting spirit feature where two wrestlers slug it out for a few seconds, but most of the game's real improvements are built around the strong creation features and integrated steam workshop support.  There are a handful of new animations/moves that have been added since FPR; many are moves from the modern day WWE and Indy scene. While the additions are not as numerous as I had assumed they'd be given the 12 year gap since the last Fire Pro game, I am hopeful that we'll continue to see new moves added to the game as development continues.Sure there are a few bugs/glitches but this IS early access so that's to be expected.  It would be nice to see a story/career/gm mode of some sort as development moves along--assuming there is still time to do that."
,Recommended,564230,33492161,Posted: 12 July,all,Insane Demon,BODYSLAM!!!!
,Recommended,564230,33465309,Posted: 11 July,all,TerriblePain,Simply Awesome!!!!
76561198128828263,Recommended,564230,33532422,Posted: 14 July,all,Kori,"Great game, I can't wait to see what other features and match types you will add to the full game.but here is my request: please add an option where you can quit a match during it, offline and online.thanks in advance. :)"
76561198025628931,Recommended,564230,33551200,Posted: 14 July,all,bitterkevin,"The greatest wrestling game series of all time. Think NES Pro Wrestling or WWF Wrestlefest, but with way way way more options."
,Recommended,564230,33553256,Posted: 15 July,all,918 Spyder,This game is awesome so much to do.....So much customization.....Im in love10/10
,Recommended,564230,33449176,Posted: 10 July,all,BT (Fucking) Gunn,Güzel oyun ama grapple sistemini sikiyim.
,Recommended,564230,33455802,Posted: 11 July,all,Broken Hasney,"As a die hard fan of the series, this checks all the boxes... And it's just Early Access! I've had some weirdness with high refresh monitors (change to VSYNC to fix) and it needs more polish in the menus, but the gameplay is there and it is fabulous. Roll on the updates."
,Recommended,564230,33456558,Posted: 11 July,all,Scroe,"The controls are very easy to pick up and the matches are satisfying to play. The timing based grappling makes for a fun arcadey experience, but the matches feel realistic because you have to start out small and wear your opponent down before you can hit your stronger moves. The wrestler edit mode is robust but the other customisation still needs a lot of improvement.There's still features that need to be added in but we have the wrestling, and the wrestling is good."
,Recommended,564230,33455778,Posted: 11 July,all,edriasandika,"A lot of room for improvement here and there, but this Fire Pro Wrestling anyway, true fans will always appreciate the effort of geniune love for Pro-Wrestling and video game. We want even more after this..."
76561198100269181,Recommended,564230,33449098,Posted: 10 July,all,SwitchedHazuki,"Fire Pro is BACK !Even in early access, this Game has a TON of custumization right from the get go!Gameplay is as always one of the best of the genre, with the community working already on dozens ofCAWs this will be the ultimate wrestling game, guaranteed!Get it, it is worth it, promised!"
76561198145947597,Recommended,564230,34094972,Posted: 7 August,all,MHamilton45,How in the hell do you tag your partners during tag matches??? I can't figure it out for the life of me.... it's really quite annoying that I can't find it anywhere online.
76561197996610226,Recommended,564230,33489723,Posted: 12 July,all,lei07,"Been a fan of Wrestling games for a long time, I was a long standing fan of the WWF/WWE 'til about 10 years ago, starting in the true late 80s WWF era of Hulkamaina, the Legion of Doom, the Rocketeers and the like. Very much my time.The artstyle, the roster, the feel, it all screams out of that era. Love it, nostalgia trip. The gameplay is akin to other, main stream titles, but will still require a bit of adjustment. The variety of game modes is good, looking forward to more.Create a Stuff modes are wicked, very indepth, already many fan faves availible out there. Just had a rather brutal match between RVD and Sabu... man that felt good.Yes, more of the same please, devs. Please make sure that certain things are able to be done in more situations, unable to Five Star Frog Splash to the outside makes me a sad panda, but I would hope that is easily changeable.The punches and kicks need a bit of tweaking in my mind, but the grappling is great, once you're used to it.If you like classic wresling without the glitz and glamour of the newer WWE titles, this is great. Oh, and it covers MMA like fighting too, which is a great bonus!Chair shot to the face/10.Would piledrive through a table again."
76561198040705594,Recommended,564230,33504756,Posted: 13 July,all,Jnmiah,I downloaded over 200 custom characters. I made them fight in a tournament mma style. Boy was it tons of fun to watch. Game has lots of editing features plus workshop characters!
,Recommended,564230,33466285,Posted: 11 July,all,The PooPoo PeePee Man,"This game is incredible for people who love wrestling games. The inclusion of a Steam Workshop is a godsend, and nearly every wrestler you could ever imagine has some iteration ALREADY and the game just launched.The gameplay takes some getting used to but you will love it too. The matches flow and ebb still more realistically than a 2K match and the CPU behaves like a real wrestler would"
,Recommended,564230,33466635,Posted: 11 July,all,Noble Noob,Great game. Even though it's early access it still has a lot to offer.
,Recommended,564230,33466961,Posted: 11 July,all,Viet,"Little barebones, hoping for a matchmaker mode."
,Recommended,564230,33467141,Posted: 11 July,all,dank kushrenada,"It's Fire Prowrestling.  On PC.  In 2017!Even with all the glitches that come with early access games, it's incredibly solid, both as a game to play and as a fun way of simulating dream matches.  Even though it's 2D, there's just a mind-blowing amount of customization available for making your own wrestlers, up to and including adjusting their AI!"
76561198403095748,Recommended,564230,33468095,Posted: 11 July,all,jamieepatterson,Fire Pro Wrestling is back !
76561198358198007,Recommended,564230,33861736,Posted: 28 July,all,Winter,Not even Alexa Bliss's lady parts could be better than this game.
76561197967324471,Recommended,564230,33475447,Posted: 12 July,all,H.U.N.K,Dear god It's beutyfull!!!!.
76561198343720266,Recommended,564230,33678479,Posted: 20 July,all,joshtorres710,Amazing!!!!
76561198115145068,Recommended,564230,33713963,Posted: 21 July,all,SmokeyBlanco,6.5 STARS!!!!!!!
,Recommended,564230,33710428,Posted: 21 July,all,Kiryuuin Ragyo,"Short version: if love wrestling, then you need to get Fire pro wrestling, it's a breath of fresh airNormal version: WWE has a tight hold on the wrestling game field and now they fire pro wrestling has been put on steam, FPW breaks that hold and German suplexs it. It's a weird feeling at the beginning since it's all about TIMING and takes skill to perform well at this time. FPW does what WWE does for wrestling games but 200x more better, the only thing this is missing like a universe mode or a career mode because for now 07/21/2017 online is the main feature of it but it can rough at times but also other times you can have great matches... Not six star matches but still great ones!I completely recommend this game"
,Recommended,564230,33449274,Posted: 10 July,all,Ddubman,"10/10, Hundred outta Hundred, Best Game, Best Game!One of the best wrestling games to date creativity wise, just wish the gameplay wasn't so percise, but i guess i'll get used to it. It's not perfect. but it could use a update or 2."
,Recommended,564230,33454176,Posted: 11 July,all,briancarnell,Excellent.
,Recommended,564230,34130072,Posted: 9 August,all,Fozzcat,Meow meeow mew mmrrroww meow. Meow meeow mew meow! =^.^=Meow / Meow!
76561198037005127,Recommended,564230,33551025,Posted: 14 July,all,Kidjal,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░9/10 would DDT again...
,Not Recommended,564230,33454819,Posted: 11 July,all,spoofex,"There's hope for this and I will repurchase a little later on (if that means I pay more then so be it) to re-review, but for now it's got a few issues that stop me recommending it (wish Steam would add a middle ground option instead of the Yes/No because I feel the No is too harsh).Lets start with the good;* It runs smooth as butter.* The game itself has excellent 'Pick up and Play' capability.* The visual style is 'old/classic' but carries a great Arcade Charm.* Controls seem intuitive on Controller.* Wrestler Customisation (and Workshop compatibility by proxy) is incredible. The moveset customiser is light years ahead of anything anyone else has made.* AI vs AI matches are genuinely fun to watch and setup.* The total number of moves and the style of the wrestlers are outstanding.The Bad:* Strikes do not connect well. This is partly due to the angle of the camera mixed with the style of the sprites and ring design. Not sure how much this will improve, but even the AI in exhibition matches miss each other all the time.* The lack of a 'Story Maker' or Feud system means that you're not able to add any meaningful weight to what you want to do. And the lack of a Card Builder for a series of shows that build to a PPV makes it feel a little hollow.* The Belt Customisation is very lacking. Not sure if they plan to add Workshop support and allow full customisation here, but so far it's quite poor when compared to the ability to add to the belts. A lot of the front plates don't fit any of the straps at all.* The Menu for adding Stables/Promotions is far too basic, and doesn't offer enough customisation for you to give it your own twist/design style.* The method for adding Wrestlers to a promotion is a little fiddly/not clear.* Online only supporting 4 players is a little disappointing. Having more in a lobby would be better so people can build match cards with larger groups and have people in and out. Would be nice if we could get 6 players in a match, but not a dealbreaker to stay at 4."
,Not Recommended,564230,33541822,Posted: 14 July,all,The Dirk,"If you're a fan of this series - and by looking at this review I am assuming you are - then I would recommend to stay away until the game recieves a bit more polish. From booting the game, I noticed a few things that stood out to me. When I dove into a few matches, I started to see what this is: Fire Pro Wrestling Returns: The PC Port.Now, don't get me wrong, I love Fire Pro Wrestling Returns and that is by no means an insult to this game. After downloading a few CAWs and installing them from the clunky promotion/stable system, I was having a blast. I think the appeal in Fire Pro is that you can play anyone from any time. In no other game can you play Sting vs. Grado or Kota Ibushi vs. Triple H. I like playing matches with characters from the same era but from different companies, a sort of ""dream match from the time period"".My first gripe: The editing system is less versatile than Fire Pro Wrestling Returns. Diving into ring edit, I was immediately disappointed. There is no more logo maker or colour grid. Instead, you pick the different parts of the ring and choose from a row of preset colours. That's it. I don't know if the developers are planning on expanding the different systems but as this product is now for sale to consumers, I feel it's fair to review it as is. And as is, the ring edit feature is completely lacking compared to previous iterations of the game.My second gripe: The way CAWs are imported from the workshop. I love the idea of just installing a character but the current way of doing it is a contrived mess. You have to make a company, make a stable in that company (for example, Heels and Faces) and then place a wrestler in that stable. Bearing in mind, it takes about 5 button presses to add a wrestler and there is currently NO WAY to bulk edit them. That means if I download a companies roster, for example, I would have to press 5 buttons for each wrestler. With an average roster of about 50 people, that's about 250 button presses. Bearing in mind that any wrestlers downloaded will automatically populate a list that doesn't automatically move them up in the list. Which means you have to scroll A LOT if you bulk download wrestlers. This is absolutely ridiculous.My third gripe: It's 2017. Where's the options menu?My fourth gripe:  From gameplay of about 20-30 minutes it became immediately apparent that this is almost the exact same game as Fire Pro Wrestling Returns but with a very slight graphics bump. Now I don't mind this as much as some more casual gamers might as I actually quite like the Fire Pro gameplay, it's annoying that a game I bought in 2017 has the same animations as a game I purchased in 2007. It would have been nice if they had included new animations and maybe made striking a bit more useful. If I am incorrect on this then let me know, but it appears that the gameplay and the animations for the most part are exactly the same.Now, all of the above aside, this is still a game that you should pick up if you are a wrestling fan that is looking for a game that is harder than the WWE 2k series that emulates Puro Resu style. The game has a practically infinite amount of customisation despite it being slimmed down from previous iterations. You can play anyone from any period and even though the Steam Workshop intergration needs some work, it's the best way to get characters that a Fire Pro game has ever done. Just bear in mind that this is a Japanese game at it's core, and some gameplay features might seem strange to someone who has never played this style of wrestling game before.If you have played or still own a Fire Pro game, I recommend you hold off for now. Let this one roast in the oven for a bit longer and see what's been updated in a couple of months time."
76561198009321147,Recommended,564230,33476529,Posted: 12 July,all,Jeek,FPW FTW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198070595313,Not Recommended,564230,33581926,Posted: 16 July,all,JerzeyDevil,"I want to give this a good review, However I just can't YET.  This game is missing many essential features/options such as but not limited to an HUD.  Also the menus for creating a character are messy and not intuitive.  Hit detection and connecting with certain moves in matches is an absolute Nitemare.  Bare bones atm. I personally do not care for the current state of Online play with this game either. Will update and flesh my review out a bit more as I play more, but as of right now I am a bit underwhelmed and let down by this game.A few positives- Works well with a controller.  I have used My P$4 controller thus far, plan to use an XB controller, but we all know XB controllers will always do well so shouldn't be an issue there.  A lot of customization!  16 bit graphics!  Despite it's many flaws and missing essentials, you can tell this game is being built as a labor of love, but it still has a very long way to go.  Sound is also done well. Runs well on my PC, no issues thus far.I don't hate it, I do like it, but it has a long way to go before I could ever love it.  If you can have some patience and you want a wrestling game that could offer years of replayability, an extensive player creation community,  a fun 16bit style arcade gameplay/simulator-like creation tools, and hopefully a strong and solid multiplayer game then this is worth 20.00.   Otherwise hold off and let them tighten this game up and purchase it down the road when it's more fleshed out.  This game still needs a lot of work.."
,Not Recommended,564230,34140837,Posted: 10 August,all,Ellye,"I haven't played the Fire Pro Wrestling series before, so this was my first contact with it. And I don't think I quite got it.The artstyle is really not to my taste. Obviously, though, this varies from person to person and anyone can judge what they think about it by looking at screenshots or videos. The sound is quite awful, however: I have a hard time imagining that anyone fully enjoys it.One good thing about the artstyle is that it allows for easily creation of hundred of assets, allowing for ample graphical customization, which seems to be a big draw for this community. There's also an ample library of wrestling moves, and customizing movesets seems like it could be fun (if the interface was less of a chore to navigate, though the devs said they are working on that).But it all falls apart for me when it actually matters the most: the actual game. There really isn't much of a game around the pieces you create.The wrestling gameplay is too simplistic, the hit detection feels terrible, and there doesn't seem to be anything else besides the actual wrestling matches yet.Like a number of reviewers noted: this would be a fine $5 game. It doesn't look, sound or play like a $20 game.I guess that for those that are part of the already estabelished following of Fire Pro Wrestling, this might probably be worth it. For others, I can't really recommend it at this price."
,Not Recommended,564230,34410407,Posted: 22 August,all,RossFC,Fix the hitbox.
,Not Recommended,564230,33599810,Posted: 16 July,all,SippyCup,"EDIT - UPDATE ON 7/26/2017:Developers had a livestream today to address the future of this game. Their focus is completely away from gameplay at this point. They didn't even address the striking system, which is a common complaint, and dismissed legitimate A.I. concerns in a very 'git gud' kind of way. A common theme in their responses to the other basic feature requests from amongst the community (e.g., logo editor, color gradients, title belts, asymmetrical costume design, title belts during entrances) amounted to 'limitations of the existing engine' and 'not enough money in the budget.'Looks like we're getting some form of a GM mode, MP3 support, and a UI redesign so..... yay?----------ORIGINAL REVIEW:There's a lot to love about this game for long-time fans and newcomers to the series. However, I cannot wholeheartedly recommend this game to a wide audience of wrestling game fans, as other games offer a better overall experience.Most of the enjoyment one will get out of this game will be from watching CPU-controlled matches amongst your meticulously crafted custom characters. I can get behind this concept of watching -- rather than playing -- the game so long as the viewing experience is enjoyable. However, the viewing experience is hit-or-miss for me. I enjoy the art style, move animations, and crazy match types, but realistic character behavior is an absolute must if I am going to be primarily watching the game play itself. Sadly, the realism factor is lacking in fundamental ways.First, the in-ring action feels too much like an arcade game mish-mash of Greco Roman wrestling and professional wrestling. Most moves start with two characters dancing around in a circle for 1-2 seconds before performing a cartoony-looking collar-and-elbow tie-up (grapple). From this point, various suplexes, powerbombs, and signature moves can be performed. Beyond the repetitiveness of watching this goofy sequence frequently play out, this mechanic is unnatural for any sort of -- what should realistically  be -- a striking-type move (superkicks, enziguris, jabbing combinations, etc.).As an aside, front-facing grappling moves are about 90% of the gameplay, mixed with a small pinch of Irish Whip moves and a smaller dash of everything else. The  CPU will rarely go for moves not initated by any sort of grapple, such as: running moves, apron moves, turnbuckle moves, or aerial moves. This severely hurts the enjoyment of watching these matches play out.The striking system (kicks, punches, and weapon swings) is atrocious all around due to tiny hitboxes that require pixel-perfect spacing and alignment of the characters prior to initiating a strike. It's infuriating -- and frankly inexcusable -- to see strikes completely miss because the characters are too close or not aligned in a perfect horizontal plane. Generally speaking, rhe characters are constantly moving if they are upright so pixel-perfect spacing and alignment is difficult and makes striking an utterly useless game mechanic. Standing strikes may land once in evey twelve attempts. Strikes are quite common in real professional wrestling matches, so the broken striking mechanic detracts from the viewing experience.The CPU will rarely initiate a straight pinfall attempt. There are often points in a match when a pinfall attempt would be realistic/logical (after finishers, big moves, weapon strikes, etc.), but the CPU will consistently stand next to a downed opponent until the opponent eventually stands back up. If it wasn't for other win conditions such as knock-outs, submissions, and rollup manuevers (e.g., small package), matches may go on indefinitely. A significant amount of the enjoyment, drama, pacing, and storytelling of real professional wrestling matches stems from pinfall attempts.Almost all of my viewing enjoyment has been from listening to an entertaining streamer/YouTuber commentate during matches rather than watching the arcade-like action unfold on-screen. The viewing experience should be able to shine on its own, which it could if the A.I. behaved realistically.With all of that stated, I prefer PLAYING matches in wrestling games rather than watching one play out. There is some enjoyment to be had in playing this game, for sure, but having player-controlled matches feels like a secondary priority to the overall experience this game offers."
76561198146412100,Not Recommended,564230,34532481,Posted: 27 August,all,JoshDude04,"There are so many problems with this game. When I booted the game up for the second day I had it, the game was unplayable. The wrestler 1 wrestler 2 etc problem is a big problem and Spike has not made any care about it. This is the worst development team out there to fix problems and heres why. I emailed the development team 2 months ago seeking help. Ive gotten no help but instead get the same email that says ""we are working on the problem please have patience."" So if your looking for a good game for the hardcore wrestling fan, youve come to the right place but if you were looking for lots of problems that make the game legit unplayable and a crap development team that doesnt really care about its communitys problems then your set. I plan on asking or a refund"
76561198025757777,Not Recommended,564230,34957707,Posted: 14 September,all,Thom Thelleck,"I honestly don't understand the hype for this game. Maybe the problem is that I'm not a wrestling fan (I was back in the early 90s when I was a kid).I found the game very robotic. Almost comedic. Hell, even figuring out how to change 1p, 2p, and CPU took a long time. It's just not very newcomer friendly, unfortunately"
76561198243254222,Not Recommended,564230,33513750,Posted: 13 July,all,MajorLeagueCuckhold,"Game is alright. It seems like most of the gameplay against computers is simply engaging in grappling and attempting to reverse their attack. Attempting to load a game in either battle royale or league ended in me being stuck on the screen for picking wrestlers for the teams(League and battle royale modes DO NOT WORK for me). I expect to at least be able to play each game mode for a $20 game early access or not, especially when there isn't even a season mode. The most enjoyable part of the game that rendered me to have over two hours in gameplay (thus unable to get a refund) is the customization aspect for characters and their moves.TL;DR: Fun game for deep customization of characters and to watch them fight. Not so fun to play, customize the ring and other things, or attempt to play the currently unworking modes."
76561198005296192,Not Recommended,564230,33575322,Posted: 15 July,all,TREATWITHBENZOS,"I like the concept, but it's just not enough for the 20 dollar price tag. Needs a lot more movesets/custimazation/items/features for something that cost half the price of a brand new Tekken game."
,Not Recommended,564230,33604300,Posted: 17 July,all,Adam-One,"After reading very positve reviews I gave it a try.The wrestling gets stale really fast and there is nothing to keep you busy.I am comparing it to 2k games where there is so chuh to do.I think that the fighting is better in Fire Pro Wrestling World, although there is still not so much to do other than pure fighting comparing to 2k games (weapons, ladders, backstage, railings, annoucers table etc etc etc.).I hope it gets bettter because competition would be awesome."
76561198057309927,Not Recommended,564230,33759421,Posted: 23 July,all,Nice_Cube,"This will be the first time I try to get a refund for a game through Steam.  I see some potential in Fire Pro Wrestling World, but in the short time I've played I was more annoyed than I feel I should have been.  The hit detection for striking is about the worst I've ever seen.  Absolutely must be fixed.  The grapple system is frustrating and lacks a real technique from what I found.  Veterans may think I'm crazy since they've likely mastered the strategy.  I admit that I was hoping to find the closest thing yet to the late 90's WCW vs NWO wrestling game on Nintendo 64.  The controls were simple yet allowed for a great back and forth of attack and reversal with complete control, from what I recall anyway.  Anyway this one♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off on multiple levels in just an hour so I doubt I'll be able to find much joy in giving it more time.  Too bad."
76561198398634140,Not Recommended,564230,33688394,Posted: 20 July,all,BigOlBoi,The game s a good idea but its not as enjoyable as i had hoped
76561198006255628,Not Recommended,564230,33589247,Posted: 16 July,all,MadSnowman,"Really wanted this game to be something awesome, I am big fan of wrestling games. However with the control scheme for me was just so choatic it was difficult landing any hits, I get a learning curve but come on. I wouldn't reccomend dropping the $20 on this right now, just doesnt seem to have polish. Plus trying to learn certain moves to do in the missions is a nightmare. I spent so much time frustrated with the controls that I never really got the chance to enjoy the game. If they were to provide more insight on how to do certain moves that would help but really the guide did not feel helpful and as a new player I think the game should have done a better job showing me the ropes. Tutorial covers like 1/6 of what you can do in the game. Not even a striking intro. I totally get its Early Access and I hope the developers address these issues, but for now I cant reccomend paying the $ for this. Fun, but just clumsy currently sharpen up the gameplay a bit. The control scheme makes it difficult to understand if you are alinged with your opponent.  I would love to come back."
76561198031227493,Not Recommended,564230,34087728,Posted: 7 August,all,schnozzalee,"+1 to ""I could understand the reviews if this were £5""The audio is flat out terrible - Refund kindly granted."
,Not Recommended,564230,33560965,Posted: 15 July,all,CRUCIAL 000 - YT,"This game has some very promising future, but it is in bad shape right now.1. The game manual is completely useless as it is for consoles.2. The tutorial mode is actually called Mission Mode, something that took me an hour to realize.3. The menus can be very slow to navigate, especially the choosing a wrestler.4. The import feature from Steam Workshop is very tedious and prone to error when importing multiple wrestlers.5. The game did cause my machine to crash twice during gameplay.6. The customization is really great, but I was disapointed in some aspects of match creation.7. I would be happy paying $5 for this game.8. My first Steam refund was this game, and hopefully it will be better in 6 months and I wll buy it on sale???"
,Not Recommended,564230,33825729,Posted: 26 July,all,Diggory,"Most frustrating game of whack-a-mole ever made, with a wrestling skin put on top. Hated it."
,Not Recommended,564230,33473110,Posted: 11 July,all,≋R≋i≋z≋i≋n≋g≋,"Here are the cons as to why I cannot recommend this game.1. Tutorial is forced with bad instructionsThe fact that you cannot choose specific tutorials and instead must complete them in order, is already cringe-worthy. The fact that it does not tell you how many times you must complete an action before it is considered ""successful"" is also cringe-worthy.2. Core combat is terribly executedSo when you attack, it attacks in the direction you input the command. When you run, you run parallel to the ring. Very confusing and I'm often running in a completely opposite direction then what I wanted. That's already a game breaker for me. You have to be a specific range to hit medium and heavy punches but light punches seem to have generous range. That's a 2nd game breaker for me. You must line up your angle and lane position pixel perfect in order to land medium, heavy, or running attacks. That's a 3rd game breaker for me. You lose stamina so fast, the deceptively fast clock doesn't help. That's a 4th game breaker.Basically, this game does everything horrible wrong that a competitor that's releasing soon does right.3. Some game modes are simulation onlyWhen I did exhibition, it was not immediately obvious that I had to manually select 1P.When I tried tournament mode afterwards, I could not set any contestant to 1P.That's a 5th game breaker for me.4. Game only visually works in windows modeIt is like the game is programmed to only show a black screen in full screen mode for me. I had to set launch mode to window in game properties That's a 6th game breaker for me.5. No signatures or finishersThat I can see at least. Adds a bit of flair in an otherwise average game.Sorry, I don't hate this game. It royally frustrates me with how anti-user it seems to be. I did not enjoy the 1 match I was able to play. The cpus looked like they were having more fun."
,Not Recommended,564230,33445547,Posted: 10 July,all,Mecha King Kong,We want gradients.
,Not Recommended,564230,33445363,Posted: 10 July,all,Jhakri,"Didn't live up to nostalgia expectations.(Tiny initial roster, for early access)"
76561198089301763,Not Recommended,564230,33460168,Posted: 11 July,all,benmbrennan,This is the worst wreslting game I've ever played.  The nerds that worship this series must be huffing glue.
,Recommended,564230,33575098,Posted: 15 July,all,mmfootball,"Came into the game very skeptical due to only playing WWE 2k and some Total Extreme Wrestling, but became instantly hooked. Customization has never been a big sell for me because I have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ creativity but this game's customization is INCREDIBLE. Having the logic behind each wrestler is a great feature and creates realistic outcomes to the matches. The workshop having thousands of submissions within the first week of the game being in early access just shows how dedicated the community is and will make everyone's time playing the game more enjoyable. The playing the game in my opinion is kind of eh, I mostly like watching the created wrestlers have dream matches. The gameplay is most of the time pretty fluid and I have yet to find any bugs in the game. Great game would recommend to any wrestling fan"
76561198017794096,Recommended,564230,33575328,Posted: 15 July,all,Hoes Gravvvy,"10/10. Loving this game! 1 request though, could you make the shade of black in the ring editor a few shades lighter to create contrast. It's far too dark black."
,Recommended,564230,33562829,Posted: 15 July,all,Kekzilla,"Amazing game. It's still in early access so there's going to be tweaks made and new features added later on.As it stands right now, almost everything from the ps2 FPWR game is here, aside from ring mat logos and logo editor, which is in the description for this game so I imagine it's a feature just not perfected and released yet, but will be soon.Also in wrestling editor, beforehand you used to have sizing adjustments percentages for both chest and waist, but they've been made into ""torso"" now which adjusts the size of both at the same time, but not individually.Aside from these 2 very small details, this game has everything and more than the ps2 classic, with online play on steam, and more content to come, I'm excited to see this game grow.Especially since the Steam workshop sharing for characters is amazing.Being someone who has shared rosters online for years for firepro FPWR,  the ease and organization of how it's done here is a very welcome change.I definitely recommend for anyone into wrestling games, fighting games, or possibly even UFC game fans, as you can make UFC style characters and fight in an octagon in this game as well,  you could make any fighter you want."
,Recommended,564230,33549150,Posted: 14 July,all,SlickRickStyles,From the days of editing sprites on Super Fire Pro Wrestling X Premium to today...What a wonderful and surprising gift this is...The community has been absolutely stellar and every single thing we love about Fire Pro is back and in full force...The DEV team has been amazing listening to their audience even releasing a patch within days on what is still a work in progress...You spend 20$ on a pizza once a week...Spend 20$ here and it's like opening up your toy box and grabbing your Hasbro ring all over again
76561198064349658,Recommended,564230,33527167,Posted: 13 July,all,UnshavenHobo,"Def more of a wrestling nerd's sandbox than a legit wrestling game, but having read the manual i was suprised at how deep the fighting system is. Got just what I wanted for my money"
76561198196349327,Recommended,564230,33528332,Posted: 13 July,all,weslacocubs,Great game. New to fire pro. Wish there was a way to mod camera angle. Ring is way too big. Glad there is a workshop because the caw feature is overwhelming.
,Recommended,564230,33569088,Posted: 15 July,all,psychoapeguy,"I would like to have children with Fire Pro Wrestling World....Kind of like the movie Junior. I'd be Arnold, and FPW World would be DeVito....Except I don't have an Austrian accent...And I'm not ripped....And I was never a governor.....Who cares? Just buy the game already."
76561197970798379,Recommended,564230,33573648,Posted: 15 July,all,Dauntless Sex Panther,"This is my second fave wrestling engine behind the AKI No Mercy game, but this has so much potential to be the best wrestling game ever so long as content is added.Looking good and well worth the money already."
,Recommended,564230,33575936,Posted: 15 July,all,BloodyHands305,just great
,Recommended,564230,33490637,Posted: 12 July,all,SirBrak,"My only experience with Fire Pro involved an emulator and Japanese language version. I never got into the series beyond that but I've always known how beloved the series has been. I've been looking forward to World since I first heard about it. Not only do I get to play the game but it's on PC with complete workshop. Even with early access status, I'm having a lot of fun with it. The tutorial missions helped a lot. There are a handful of mission matches that aggravate the hell out of me (mostly involving the steel cage) but the community is helpful. I look forward to seeing how the game improves over the next few months."
,Recommended,564230,33491233,Posted: 12 July,all,Treadswax,"great game. we'd love a story editor, pretty please!"
,Recommended,564230,33448020,Posted: 10 July,all,If You Talk Shit You're A Nerd,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!!!!The fighting style, while at first seems a bit off compared to WWE 2k games, it's perfect.  It's super fluid once you get the hang of it.  There are over 800 current available wrestlers, and more created by the minute thanks to fellow gamers.The match types are great.I can't say enough, it's worth $20!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,564230,33476534,Posted: 12 July,all,majewski79,"I'm not too good at reviews so...Long time Fire Pro player. Like many others, I never thought our great Fire Pro community would ever see another Fire Pro game. So for a long time we'd keep ourselves occupied with King of Colosseum (also by Spike) and/or Fire Pro Wrestling Returns. I'd follow message boards for the latest and greatest edits and saves for those games. Imagine our delight when World was announced!With a short amount of time I've had so far with Fire Pro World, it can easily be said that it's absolutely amazing. It's fantastic and the Fire Pro community is happy. We always talk about the ""good old days"" of importing our favorite Fire Pro or King of Colosseum etc, but now is just as amazing a time as it was then because there's so much more to offer now with Steam Workshop.Anywho.... When you fire up this game you immediately noticed sharper graphics and vibrant colors, all clear as crystal and it looks wonderful. If you download the game and complain about graphics, you need to step back and reevauate everything. This is the charm os Fire Pro. We don't need fancy, realistic graphics.Gameplay... Again the timing based system is top notch, it may be slightly easier than previous Fire Pro games but it's still amazing. Custimization is once again at the forefront and is everything you'd want from a wrestling game. Because Fire Pro has one of the best communities out there for a video game, Fire Pro World will last a lifetime, just like previous Fire Pro games. The developers love the series and it shows. And the community thanks you:)"
,Recommended,564230,33477467,Posted: 12 July,all,Metalyger,"I had to buy this game as soon as it came up to purchase in early access. I've played a lot of Fire Pro Wrestling Returns, and some of the older games, including imports. It never seemed like there would be a new game, especially when after Returns, all we heard about was an Xbox Live Arcade game where it's just avatars in an arcade style wrestling game. Also, a few jerks on the internet starting rumors with no proof, giving our hopes up. But this is the real deal. It is early access, but what is out is very polished, like the wrestling and fighting is just as good as Returns. It's just early, so it'll be some time before they get stuff like logo and ring creation, which will be amazing, since Returns on PS2 was so in depth that people made the actual WWE logo and rings, I don't even know how that worked. What we have is great so far, on the first night, there were over 250 workshop creations ranging from legends of Japan, WWE superstars, a few MMA fighters, video game characters, The Simpsons oddly enough, and so much more. So far I have a lot of custom characters downloaded, and a lot are 100%, mostly because fans used AI logic settings and apperances from Returns to re-create them for the new game. There are a lot of work in progress creations on the workshop. It's the workshop that will be the main reason to get this game, the default roster are just generic people, and I haven't seen any based on real people yet. To get the game now, you'll want to check that workshop page and get everyone you're a fan of. I've had a lot of fun so far, like having exploding barbwire death matches and putting wrestlers into MMA rules cage fights. There is a little bit of a learning curve going from playing Returns years ago, similar interface and menus, but I've heard character creation is much more simple and user friendly. The game play, it's classic Fire Pro Wrestling with some new tweaks like a random chance for strikes to have a back and forth sequence. The main thing is that the best features are the same, and it seems like the early access is more about community feedback, things they can tweak, add to the game, see how global online play is through testing, and steadily get more player creation tools in the game. So far, it feels very polished, like it's never froze on me, and the only glitch I can think of was a wrestler got really Jacob's Ladder twitchy for a moment, but nothing that affected the match any."
,Recommended,564230,33477947,Posted: 12 July,all,Invader3k,"I am a long time Fire Pro player. I have been playing games in the series since Fire Pro Wrestling: Six Man Scramble for the Sega Saturn, over 20 years ago.Gameplay in this edition is very similar to Fire Pro Wrestling Returns on the Playstation 2. This is a timing based game, so may be tough for some if they are used to button mashing. Fortunately, there is a tutorial ""Mission Mode"" that helps teach you the timing so you can pull off the moves.Yes, graphics are 2D, and Fire Pro is best that way. The sprites are charming without being overly cartoonish.There is once again an extremely robust ""Edit"" mode, which is Fire Pro's version of Create-A-Wrestler. I have not had the chance to play with this mode much yet, but the Edits already available on the Steam Workshop are very varied and impressive. As of this morning, there are already over 1000 Edit Wrestlers submitted. You can make any wrestler who has ever existed with this game.With an Early Access price of $20, this game is a steal. The developers are promising a more polished final product, possibly with more gameplay modes added. Do yourself a favor and pick up the newest edition of this classic series!"
76561197977996476,Recommended,564230,33478302,Posted: 12 July,all,carmethene,"A wrestling fan's wrestling game. It's a world away from the overly commercial WWE games - and the community content side of the game is fantastic.Takes an hour or two to get to grips with, but once it clicks, it's amazing!Although it's still in early access, it's already worth the money. Bit light on features and modes at the moment, but the foundations are there for one of the best wrestling games ever created."
76561198037224895,Recommended,564230,33471274,Posted: 11 July,all,AfroBruh,This game is awesome!!! :D First time Fire pro player and I'm already hooked!!!
76561198037500153,Recommended,564230,33471512,Posted: 11 July,all,Malatach,"I absolutley love this game...so much fun...so much detail in the edit modes, you could spend all day in that mode alone. late game can get really tense as one move can end it all. Its just like i remember from previous games and im so glad its on steam....now to find a way to get an online federation going!"
76561198028413315,Recommended,564230,33451768,Posted: 11 July,all,Khellendros,"One of the greatest wrestling games ever made, after well over a decade finally gets a makeover for the modern generation. The multiplayer is fantastic. The CAW is as always, the games core strength. The timing based grapple system which rewards attentive players remains unchanged. The tutorial is good and will give new players some idea.All that positive stuff said there is still alot of work to do! Many things that should be in are not in yet, I feel there definitely needs to be a Kings Road style story mode as in older games, and some of the menu systems and even the training mode (which is supposed to help new players) can be very confusing. As long as Spike/Chunsoft sticks to their guns and continue to work on this game until its final release, it will be the wrestling game to end all wrestling games.Final word, the community for this game is legendary. Within just hours of release we hand hundreds of high quality edits on the workshop of all your favorite wrestlers from Japan and the USA. The community will drive this game, more than any other game I can remember, and even with what we have right now, this is about the best 20 bucks any wrestling game fan can spend. Highest recommendation."
,Recommended,564230,33447936,Posted: 10 July,all,TheDungeonMaster5,"A dream come true come firepro Fans, looking great so far in the early access."
,Recommended,564230,33447697,Posted: 10 July,all,Fartlek Spizzle,"Pure pro wrestling funtimes.  Plays great, has an amazing soundtrack and has plenty of options for game modes and even online play.  Every detail of your characters are customizable, from moveset to apperance right down to determining how often the AI performs certain moves.  Hell, you can even make your own referees and title belts.  What's not to love?"
,Recommended,564230,33448204,Posted: 10 July,all,Fat_bot,"This is definitely the Fire Pro Wrestling you know and love. Currently (7-11-17) there isn't a huge roster and there's some bugs to work out, but the amount of incoming content is incredible - just check out the Workshop and see the amazing creations made by the community already. Well worth your money, and it's only going to improve as time goes on. This is THE wrestling game on Steam to own."
,Recommended,564230,33448562,Posted: 10 July,all,Beezzzzy,"It's Fire Pro Wrestling, on my PC, and everyone and their mother is going to create every wrestler known to man on here. This is just a fun game on a platform that will live forever. I played on the GBA for so many years cause I had 2 friends that played. This is a 10000000x better."
,Recommended,564230,33451269,Posted: 11 July,all,Barbarooshipi,"So far so so good! Looks like a lot of great customisation and large move sets. A bit overwhelemed by controls at first but do this missions first as they take you through a tutorial which obviously helped a lot. After that I was playing much, much better.Looking forward to seeing thr game grow!"
76561197962139273,Recommended,564230,33458078,Posted: 11 July,all,Bachias,"I never thought I'd see the day when not only do I finally get a new installment in the greatest wrestling game series of all time, but it's also available on the PC.AND it has workshop support for super easy sharing of edits.Happy days are here again."
76561198070199172,Recommended,564230,33458130,Posted: 11 July,all,weekly font,The best wrestling game ever is back and better than ever with the developer giving a direct ear to the fanbase. How could this possibly be better?
,Recommended,564230,33448424,Posted: 10 July,all,Moonie,Great game! Been waiting for a new installment of FPW! Just as good as any of the other titles! Can't wait to see what's in store for this game!
,Recommended,564230,33447992,Posted: 10 July,all,Justin,"Fire Pro is back!This is a promising early access release. I love the timing based grappling, and the in-depth create a wrestler! I can't wait to see what's additions are coming up!"
,Recommended,564230,33448141,Posted: 10 July,all,Napar,"I have so been looking forward to this game and I have not been let down.  It plays even better than I remember on the originals.  Use of a controller is where it's at.  If you like wrestling, you'll love this game.. So, BUY IT!!"
,Recommended,564230,33449683,Posted: 11 July,all,JohnnyWasAGoodBoy,"if you love fire pro, you will love thisif you never played it, you will probably still love it"
,Recommended,564230,33457898,Posted: 11 July,all,Grong,"I love this game. The customization is pretty big and let's you have fun with it. You could make anything and just make a roster and boom. I already love wrestling, but with these brutal death matches is amazing."
76561198062730338,Recommended,564230,33487483,Posted: 12 July,all,Gazorpazorpfield,"Buy this game, everything about this game is so good especially for an early access game. The game is totally playable, has a great exhibition and mission mode, you get a good selection of premade wrestlers plus a great CAW system that also includes Steam Workshop support allowing you to download/upload creations to/from the workshop. My only criticism is the keyboard controls are not the best however if you have a controller, you shouldn't have any problems at all."
,Recommended,564230,33488030,Posted: 12 July,all,LBWWFFAN,"Deep custamization and  amazing gameplay, but  what i love most about these fire pro wrestling games is that you have to use stratagy and really time your actions unlike the wwe series were you can button mash your way through a match and spam not that i do that but thats what made me quit playing those games online i stll enjoy them but man i just cant get enough of the great matches i can put on and see the AI put on in the fire pro games. Being able to program the AI to fight and act a certain way in matches is what wwe games need i actally get a challenge in the fire pro games. Anyways for anybody who like a really fleshed out wrestling game this is the game for you like others have said this is game is not for casuals but it can be if they take the time to learn the basics this game is not that hard to learn but its difficult to master"
76561197970708724,Recommended,564230,33488482,Posted: 12 July,all,Slayer of Panda,As a vetran of Fire Pro D and Returns I have to say I am loving what this is and its only 1 day in.  The ease to download edits is a dream.  The community seems very strong early on.  I generally stay away from early access games but I am glad I made an exception here.As for gameplay it is the time based fire pro gameplay that is tried and true.I would assume graphic edits are in the works for rings and such but they are not here yet as far as I can tell.  But again for a $20 early access pricetag I feel you get a good deal here with what is done.
76561198083386314,Recommended,564230,33447790,Posted: 10 July,all,MikeMar10,"FIRE PRO IS BACK and it FEELS SO GOOD!The fact that it's an early access and there's this much enjoyment is fantastic.The Workshop is already filled with all of the wrestlers you'd hope for, and the customization, is already very deep but leaves so much room for updates and stuff to look forward to, I'd say the game is well worth the Early Access price if you're looking for a fun and vastly different take on a wrestling game rather than the some-what stale 2k SeriesAs it's early access there's always room for improvement...so...I'm hoping these 2 things will be quick and easy add-ons/fixes for a near future update.1. Please consider having the losing competitor stay down. It really would add so much credibility to the epicness of a match, especially if the loser is left laying in his own blood. Which by the way looks awesome!2. I understand how difficult it may be to add the custom championships around the waist of a competitor during their entrances, but maybe have the belt's thumbnail seen elsewhere in the game somewhere in the wrestler's name display as they enter. The belt's name showing up is a nice touch, just thought the belt's picture would kind of give the same satisfaction to watching a champion enter.Loving the game so far!!!"
76561197983183708,Recommended,564230,33553010,Posted: 14 July,all,darkjudge1,"Just some quick thoughts: For those new to the Fire Pro Wrestling series, the saving grace here is Mission Mode. As someone who has been playing video games for a LONG time, this is one of the very few games where I would argue that the tutorial mode is CRITICAL to your enjoyment of the game. Don't skip it. This is NOT in the vein of any of the AKI games (e.g. walk up, hit A + plus direction then another direction, move). This is a timing based grapple system. I have not figured out everything yet, but it does lower the barrier for new people to enjoy the game. Even then.... be patient with it. Your patience will be rewarded. And I cannot wait to get my hands dirty with the Edit mode. Considering that I have put 20+ hours into customizing the WWE 2k16 games, I suspect I will need to do similar things here. Though thankfully, this is integrated into workshop. This means that much like the current gen WWE 2k games, you will be able to download characters. And there are some folks who put a tremendous amount of time and effort into getting the CPU logic (which as I understand it, can imitate a wrestler's logic very well.) I cannot wait to explore more of this! For those who have never picked up a Fire Pro game, now is a great time to get involved."
76561198002674594,Recommended,564230,33546840,Posted: 14 July,all,FatRabbit,"Saw this game on Steam. Went to YouTube to watch videos of gameplay. Purchased on day 1 of Early Access. Have not regretted a single hour spent playing/watching the wrestle boys tango. Even at early release it's fantastic and fun and the devs are plugging away at making it even better.The mod community is helping a lot with the rosters, too. Wanna watch Duke Nukem wrestle Jesus Christ? How about Spiderman wrestling Deadpool? The Mario Bros. tag team against a giant bear and a yeti man? Not to mention all of the classic WWF/WCW, WWE, and Japanese wrestlers you can handle.Hulk Hogan vs. Shrek. Who will win?The only way to find out is to buy Fire Pro Wrestling World and see for yourself."
,Recommended,564230,33551159,Posted: 14 July,all,hurrakaingvc,The best wrestling franchise has returned and hasn't skipped a beat
,Recommended,564230,33561061,Posted: 15 July,all,kalomikafilms,"Where Can I find a manual thoroughly explaining how to use each mode?  I'm trying to set up a single one on one league and Ive selected all the wrestlers but im trying to start the thing and it say ""Must select at least 4 wrestlers"" ???!!! I've selected every slot"
76561198272078805,Recommended,564230,33551182,Posted: 14 July,all,Panic🎃,"I already absolutely love this game and I've only played it for an hour! It's tricky at first with the keyboard trying to figure out all the moves but once you do it's a whole lot of fun, I haven't tried playing on a controller yet but I'm sure it's a bit easier. I also love the old restro vibe I get when I play this game it reminds me back to my good old ps2 days!"
,Recommended,564230,33549995,Posted: 14 July,all,Alecu,"Kinniku Buster is in, 10/10"
,Recommended,564230,33547353,Posted: 14 July,all,Oneshot1killWWE,The wrestling game we all deserve
,Recommended,564230,33583259,Posted: 16 July,all,🤑 DampTV 🤑,"Very entertaining game, bought it wand still have not been dissapointed! I highly recommend this to any wrestling fans, its easy to learn and easy to get addicted to it!"
76561198347992630,Recommended,564230,33577769,Posted: 15 July,all,m44anime,really enjoying this game so far I hope for a story mode or creer mode in the near future  for offline play. Can't wait for finish version.
,Recommended,564230,33457595,Posted: 11 July,all,shionaidle,♥♥♥♥ the Revival.
,Recommended,564230,33464178,Posted: 11 July,all,Xen0morphin,The workshop enabled Fire Pro game i have always wanted!!!!!
76561198202327168,Recommended,564230,33453212,Posted: 11 July,all,skulled27,Worth the 10 year wait! Cannot wait to see how much is added by the community and by Spike! You need this game if you like pro wrestling or video games in general.
76561198359436931,Recommended,564230,33447407,Posted: 10 July,all,ElQ,The early access of this game has been awesome! I can't wait to see how much the game improves in the coming months!
,Recommended,564230,33447420,Posted: 10 July,all,maskedape,"Highly recommended for any wrestling fan, this game is definitely a return to form that will only get better as the real life edits start pouring in!A few requests:Wearing title belts to the ring and wearing/rasing post-match.Logo/skin import.Custom music importing (Spotify link!?!?!?)Let's put these guys through those announce tables, no?Belts as a weapon?Potential for random run ins?That's about it! Will add as needed! Buy this game!"
,Recommended,564230,33447695,Posted: 10 July,all,GORF,"It's a steep learning curve, but it's worth doing if you have any interest in pro wrestling games."
,Recommended,564230,33453054,Posted: 11 July,all,Gammah88,Hands down the best wrestling series of all time so much customization and theres alot of replay value in this game money well spent!
76561197972947102,Recommended,564230,33449952,Posted: 11 July,all,Shawdawg,"I would totally recommend this game to a wrestling fan. Especially for fans of the old Fire Pro Series.For new players, it may take a while to learn how to play, but the mission mode is basically a tutorial mode for the game, so that is nice. Only flaws right now I see is while apparently a 100 new moves or so have been added, I really don't notice that many new ones from last game (Returns). No new Tag moves, no new corner moves once a guy is in the corner that I saw, and really not many BIG/Strong from front grapple one's either. Hopefully as the game gets updated we will get more. A Federation style mode would be nice as well. You could do your own and keep track of champions and make up your own storylines, but having something in game would be nice as well.Overall, for what it has now, it plays perfectly and with workshop support, getting wrestlers and things for the game is easier than ever."
,Recommended,564230,33458088,Posted: 11 July,all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,"I've been an FPW fan since the SNES days but I understand how unbelievably boring the average person would find this game.If you're a fan like me, pick it up. It's exactly what you'd want. Tons of customization, online, etc. If you're not a fan, I can't imagine this game would convince you to love the series as much as I do.A video of my first hour or so in-game. Vs. AI match, ref creation, wrestler creation, and a sim match. Judge for yourself whether this is worth your time. (Finally got the screen captured at 2:30 in.)https://youtu.be/cVCGH5skc9Q?t=2m30s"
76561198085171718,Recommended,564230,33469500,Posted: 11 July,all,elpollodiablo,"great cant wait for rings, more wrestlers, refs and the full game to unlock. Awesome simply Awesome!!!!!"
76561198034233059,Recommended,564230,33469570,Posted: 11 July,all,Punchmaniacs,"DEEP Edit mode, great game play, the return was worth the wait, great value at early access and will even get better as development continues. Runs well on my 7 year old, 3 core AMD proc PC."
76561197990927181,Recommended,564230,33471114,Posted: 11 July,all,Kid [A],"This game is very easy to recommend, even in early access. If this is an early version of the game, I can't wait to see what it's going to be like a few years from now. FPWW doesn't have a ton of modes, but it does have tons of content, and that's really what FPWW is about. It's a giant wrestling sandbox. Create wrestlers, promotions, title belts, rings and even referees. Then enjoy them on or offline, or simply pit your creations against one another in CPU controlled matches. You can even edit the logic and behaviors of each wrestler, for really great CPU vs CPU matches.It's really just an amazing sandbox of wrestling content. You make your own fun, but if you're willing, there is a great deal of fun to be had."
,Recommended,564230,33572927,Posted: 15 July,all,The Disco Inferno,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ how can you not give this a thumbs up! Its FIRE PRO ON STEAM!!!Okay For Real, Now The ReviewReview: Get this f'n game! Its totally authentic, Hiromu Takahashi beat Randy Orton in less than 3mins. Authentic As Fug!"
76561198195615617,Recommended,564230,33607767,Posted: 17 July,all,QueenNemma,"PROS: Unlimited potential to create, sim, and couch co-op. A fanbase that will constanlty provide content for YEARS TO COME. Every wrestler EVER. Developers that give a damn, and that really really listen. They lurk, and they tell you they're lurking. Bears. 2D graphics.CONS: Learning curve. Overwhelming options for customization. Online is pretty buggy at the moment. No logo options yet. 2D graphics.While this is the most bare bones Fire Pro (it is Early Access, after all), don't let that stop you. Start the game with roughly thirty wrestlers? No, thanks, you say, until you go to the Workshop.This game has only been out for a couple of weeks and there are about 4,000 edits available to download. This is a glimpse at what this fanbase is capable of.There's a history lesson about this game out there, but I won't go into it. Google to see how long it's been going. If you're new to this game, here's FPWW in brief: create real or fictional wrestlers, feds, belts, and more. Have the CPU sim matches for you (this can be amazing if the Logic is well-done), or control them yourselves. Seem too difficult, can't get the timing down? Drop the skill level until you get the hang of it. Too easy? Raise it to 9, have yourself an epic, thirty minute match.I reccomend Tornado Tag with a friend, couch co-op style. Have a CRITICAL, or steal your opponent's move.There's a whole series of Bear wrestlers, if you're into that. I mean the animal, but yeah, Wuvable Oaf fans will be pleased as well.If you're expecting No Mercy-style gameplay, I'm not sure if this is akin to that. It's a different animal. If you're a fan of match pacing and storytelling, then this game is for you. Start small, work your way up. Think Omega vs. Okada, or Cena vs. AJ. The matches will surprise you, and near the end you'll be mashing buttons like you did back in the day, before quick-time moments happened."
76561198025082797,Recommended,564230,33605226,Posted: 17 July,all,mike,I have spent an enormous amount of time just downloading wrestlers and assigning them to their respective feds. This is classic fire pro. The best 20$ i have ever spent.
76561198006543535,Recommended,564230,33615625,Posted: 17 July,all,El Guapo,"Here's the USP: this game offers pro-wrestling, boxing and mma on PC. The excellent workshop support makes sure that you can integrate every relevant character into the game. What more can you ask for?Here's a brief overview of my downloaded characters: Ric Flair, Hulk Hogan, John Cena, Bruce Lee, Mike Tyson, Rocky Balboa, Jean-Claude van Damme, Ultimate Warrior, Jesse Ventura, Bobby Heenan... and of course Skinner.Did I mention that you can create your own brands, stables and even belts???My brands: WWF (for classic wrestlers), WWE, WCW, MMA.My stables: WWF face, WWF heels, WCW, NWO, ...Now you can create fights for the WWE title, WCW tag team title, hardcore title...Oh yeah, there are tons of match modes from normal to cage, octagon, barbed wire and so forth. There's also a royal rumble of course.One final remark: I've never played a single match. It's too much fun to sit back and watch CPU vs. CPU matches for your titles.------------------------This game is still in early access btw. which you will never notice. It's already incredible and will even get better.If you're on the fence, I got one advice for you: TAKE A LOOK AT THE WORKSHOP!!!10/10!"
,Recommended,564230,33615034,Posted: 17 July,all,Boonjamin,Amazing game so far. Can't wait for the final version
76561198048863254,Recommended,564230,33660237,Posted: 19 July,all,treeheadfred,"Great wrestling game. I don't play PC games often, but Firepro World brought me back. A must play for any wrestling or/and PC fans!"
76561198050210935,Recommended,564230,33665754,Posted: 19 July,all,Trashlord,"A fantastic pro wrestling toybox where almost any wrestler or character you can imagine can be created - if they aren't already on the Workshop.  The timing-based gameplay offers the best compromise between trying to beat your opponent and trying to ""work with"" your opponent to create a compelling match.Wrestling fans need to buy this yesterday.  Fans of chaotic, violent fun are strongly encouraged to click that ""Add to Cart"" button.  You're about to go on one hell of a ride."
76561198085302090,Recommended,564230,33707507,Posted: 21 July,all,anthony.hitman.cummins,I have been playing wresling games since i was a kid and this is one of the most fun games i have ever played and i highly recommend it
,Recommended,564230,33534370,Posted: 14 July,all,TigerMacZ,"Well I want to Say I've played some of the Fire Pro Wrestling series over the years like Fire Pro Wrestling D for the Dreamcast and Fire Pro Wrestling Returns for the ps2.I have to say that The series did win me over, I loved the 2d sprite work, but also how the mechanics required precision timing when your wrestlers grappled. There are a variety of match types from normal, cage matches to gruesome fighting, land mine death matches etc.Even though this game is in early access it still had the fundamental mechanics there and the wrestler edit seems to be the most robust and indepth I've ever seen, where you can even program the cpu logic for it where it will act how the wrestler would in real life.People might be turned off because theres a lack of licenced wrestlers to start off with... by having the stock wrestlers being inspired by real life counterparts. Or no major promotion being slapped on the title of the game or it isnt in 3d.But the edit mode and workshop is where the game comes to life where you can create, upload and download custom wrestlers with the limit being your imagination.(Well there has been several thousand custom wrestlers already uploaded to the workshop since the game hit early access!)I would very recommend it as the developers have been listing to ideas how to improve the game and the final product will be better for it come its actual release.But detractors will be missing out if they dont want to give it a try.I tried more of the Tutorial Missions, some of them seemed to be tricky... Where I'm sure they could have programmed a demonstration to show newer players about the timing, because I know some of them could end up being fustrating if you havent got the timing just right or if you managed to get it and you suddenly lose it.But the developers have been keen to listen to suggestions and rolled out a couple of updates to try and fix issues and already started adding some features in.Some features I wouldn't mind seeing in the future maybe a kings road mode or some sort of story driven mode where your a wrestler or a booker/promotion etc.I'm guessing make strikes a bit easier to land on opponents, and  an easier way to import collections of wrestlers etc from the workshop into a promotion/stable and maybe online leagues etc....But I'm guessing this point is for the community can we get more promotions that arent all americentric?Long Live Fire Pro Wrestling! - TigerMacZ"
76561198106181938,Recommended,564230,33753475,Posted: 23 July,all,Butt fucking baby Jesus,"Just played my first match. It was 14 minutes long, there was no tutorial on how to play, hitting your opponet in any angle other than straight on is difficult, and I won with a sleeper hold I didn't know how I did. I love this game already. Add the fact I can have over 7,000 wrestlers and that number is always rising further and further and it gets much better. Some of the best cash I ever spent."
,Recommended,564230,33745269,Posted: 23 July,all,MrBelb,I started on the Gameboy Advanced version of Fire Pro Wrestling. After years of waiting and praying for a new game we got it. This new game sticks to its roots and is still one of the best wrestling games of all time.
,Recommended,564230,33789690,Posted: 25 July,all,LastKaze,"Countless hours of perfecting your wrestler. Would definitely recommend this game to any wrestling fans looking for a wrestling game that'll allow them to customize their wrestler the way they want it. Though there are many bugs so far, to name a couple, hit box detection, and some jumps off the post not working, you'll spend many hours and research to get the best match possible with your wrestler."
76561198403911395,Recommended,564230,33754895,Posted: 23 July,all,matt7surridge,"love the game, being able to dowlod wrestlers is awesome and its extremely fun to both play and sim mathes.  I know this is niche but I really want better a belt editor. It would be awesome if we could make current popular titles like the WWE, ROH, PWG, and IWGP belts. It would be perfect if you could draw your own shapes or even insert images to do this. Also it would be awesome if you import music for entrances."
76561198037829256,Recommended,564230,33792506,Posted: 25 July,all,insaneangelic,"So glad its back, couldn't get it on Xbox one bu Win10 is the next best thing, loving this game. Really hope one day they add a war games style match up. If its this fun now i can't wait to see the completed product."
,Recommended,564230,33798728,Posted: 25 July,all,randelic,First Fire Pro I have played. Customization is incredible and the gameplay is great. If you like wrestling or fighting you should give it a shot.
76561197960848883,Recommended,564230,33803494,Posted: 26 July,all,silencer,"Worth the $20. I paid $7 for Fire Pro Wrestling Returns on the Playstation 2.  Their are many people working on developing this game. Check the in-game credits.  It may not take as long to release patches. So far they have released a patch every week.I am hoping for more match types, tag-team moves, and network optimization."
,Recommended,564230,33654522,Posted: 19 July,all,Insane E,"This game is great. There is definitely a learning curve, but after a few days I was able to figure out the timing on the grapples and been having fun ever since.  Old school feel with loads of new moves and customization. This is a must for any wrestling game fan that has played them all."
,Recommended,564230,33690448,Posted: 21 July,all,Im taking a shit homie,As a gamer and a wrestling fan I LOOOOOVVVEEE this game. I only had it for about a day or two and im so addicted to playing this. The problem i had with this game was the controls but then i got used to em. Great job guys.
,Recommended,564230,33615314,Posted: 17 July,all,Phil Nelson,"Fire Pro Wrestling series is legendary for good reason- it was one of the first to offer intense customization options for nearly every aspect of the game. This modern update captures much of the spirit of the originals, especially the much-loved Super Fire Pro Wrestling X Premium for SNES. There are some rough edges, but it seems to me that few game series will benefit as much from the era for Workshop content than Fire Pro. Here's to hoping the game continues to be updated month after month for as many years as it is financially viable."
,Recommended,564230,33881269,Posted: 29 July,all,Bobby Trill,This game has already exceeded my expectations.
76561198301016280,Recommended,564230,34562071,Posted: 28 August,all,TL_Lind,Ok. First off this is super fun. Played a few matches online and kind of blew the script and went for the early finish giving us a low match rating. Now I get it and will build the match for both of us. Workshop support is great. Looking forward to what else is added to the game in the next few months
,Recommended,564230,34569378,Posted: 28 August,all,BiffHenderson,How Fire Pro was meant to be.
,Recommended,564230,34595386,Posted: 29 August,all,The JKR Empire,"Legit the only thing I don't like about this game is how often CPUs try to pin and do submissions right on the ropes, it gets annoying when a simple pull to the middle would be fine. Everything else is great though."
,Recommended,564230,34316677,Posted: 17 August,all,HardscopeHezi,Classic feeling of the old games. 8/10. Make it easier to sort your wrestlers when you download tons of collections at once.
76561198395495974,Recommended,564230,34304072,Posted: 17 August,all,DynamiteBN,Most complete game in the series.Must have for a Fire Pro Wrestling fan...
76561198380051746,Recommended,564230,34379372,Posted: 20 August,all,Dannwo4life,"If you are a fan of wrestling or wrestling games then say hello to the greatest wrestling game ever!!, what makes it the best?1 is the unlimited amount of wrestler you can use from any company from and country from any time period. so the possible matches are limitless. 2. fantastic gameplay mechanics make it fair and challanging."
76561198030728824,Recommended,564230,34349156,Posted: 19 August,all,EZY_Baby,Classic game and really fun.
,Recommended,564230,34131576,Posted: 9 August,all,El Generico,"Chuck Taylor jobbed out Hogan in five minutes in my G1, spoiling Hogan's run to the finals. All is right with the world."
,Recommended,564230,34105674,Posted: 8 August,all,Eirin Yagokoro,"I just led a team of four Dr. Tracksuits to victory against Hulk Hogan, Andre the Giant, Frank ""The Trashman"" Reynolds and Taz.Best Game."
,Recommended,564230,33493282,Posted: 12 July,all,CLYDE FROG,"If you enjoy playing with F4gs who ♥♥♥♥♥ on reddit about NJPW being better than WWE on the WWE sub reddit, youll love this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993492177,Recommended,564230,34145865,Posted: 10 August,all,SpennyG,it was a nice day outside the sun was shineing bright great day to take my 6 year old A$$ down the block to see my little crush jennifer but than my cusian slaped this game in the nes or supernintendo dont remember what one it was but who cares both are my childhood any ways i remember saying ye ima play for like a hour and go outside i remember after we where done i went to go outside at it was ♥♥♥♥♥black prob the day i realised i love playing a game with guys in tights great game to re live the chiled hood the custom char is great you can pretty much make any one you want!9/10 SAVE THE PANDAS WWF7/10 my moms basement8/10 fake ign
76561198014573908,Recommended,564230,34711378,Posted: 3 September,all,Frog Funky,"This is the game I've been waiting for! Can't say that I've tried controlling the wrestlers yet, but booking and then watching the matches is great fun. As it's Early Access, I'm hoping for more features and greater customisation, but it's still very good as it is."
,Recommended,564230,34332507,Posted: 18 August,all,Pico de Guile,Where else can El Dandy show Bret Hart how much of a jam up guy he really is?
76561198080402014,Recommended,564230,34687916,Posted: 2 September,all,Nabroleon,"Made a short guy called mr Schneaky AKA ""Little boy ♥♥♥♥♥slap"" whose main moves consisted punching and/or kicking people in the♥♥♥♥♥♥Went against the AI I first lost with him and one by KO via destroyed testicles.69/10"
76561197984951987,Recommended,564230,33489599,Posted: 12 July,all,Mark Van Vlack,Plays and runs well enough durring early access that I don't plan on going back to Fire Pro R.That's a big deal.Looking forward to seeing what the devs add.
,Recommended,564230,34717322,Posted: 3 September,all,Blunder Sunder,"A little rough around the edges but a fantastic wrestling game with a ton of variety, satisfying gameplay and great AI.Tournaments could be a lot smoother, as the matches need to actually play out (and can only be skipped if set in the options...). The UI is a little clunky. Setting up matches can be a bit slow.I'd like a more persisant single player career mode, create a character and work up to be a pro kind of thing.The art style is very much to taste, I woundnt say I *like* it, but it has warmed to me. If nothing else it has character."
,Recommended,564230,33447203,Posted: 10 July,all,Mike Pence,"This game honestly is better than the WWE 2K games. The best thing about it is how active the community is. There is literally ever wrestler ever on the workshop. The devs are also pretty active with updates and they do livestreams every once in a while which is cool. I really like the pixel like graphics and the soundtrack is good. Only downside is if you don't have a controller to play with you are screwed. Very good wrestling game, well worth $19.99."
,Recommended,564230,35025199,Posted: 17 September,all,eveningghost,"Despite an incomplete status as an Early Access title, Fire Pro Wrestling World is already worth its asking price and has the potential to be the best wrestling game ever made."
,Recommended,564230,33450633,Posted: 11 July,all,Chinzilla,"Even as early access, FPWR shines brightly. There are so many ways you can use this game.You like wrestling? This is the gameYou like MMA? This game has that covered as wellE-Feds? Oh yeah.And the game have customization options for ages.Weather you like old NWA, WCW, ECW, WWE, TN'eh, AJPW, NJPW, Indies or UFC. The community makes edits of wrestlers, fighters, bears, tv personalities and so much more. Cannot recommend this game enough"
76561198116231604,Recommended,564230,35433845,Posted: 2 October,all,dziokie,"Unlike every other wrestling game I ever played (just about all of them), I can actually have fun just watching matches in FPW. Anyway, Broken Hardy's are now tag team champions after they DELETED Edge and Christian in a 28 minute match."
