user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198111015508,Not Recommended,565410,29996879,Posted: 17 February,all,CryptoHorror,"Initially, I gave the Vampire one a positive review. Because I feel it starts out great. The intro chapter is great, with the whole ”vampires on the road” vibe that Guide to the Sabbat has, for instance.And maybe I let myself be deluded by my love for this franchise and my enthusiasm at getting some new games.It kept going strong, too, until about halfway through it, when it derails into political commentary that is uncalled for, characters that turn from the nicely written ones (Case and Izzy, who are well-developed and worthy of attention) to the cardboard-cutouts of sexual behaviours or the one anarch who's just that.Towards the second half of the game, I felt like there was more attention given to the various sexual orientations and fetishes of some characters then the actual plot of the game. There's this one character who just shows up to talk about giving handjobs and killing Trump supporters and then no longer does anything for the rest of the bloody game.It's okay to have sexual content. This is Vampire we're talking about. It's okay to have politics in it. People have political stances, and if you write something, part of you has to be in what you write. It's natural.But Zak. Baby. They're undead. The bloodsucking children of the night. They do not, repeat NOT, care about Trump. They have their own politicians, infinitely more hateful and genuinely genocidal, to worry about. And yes, while certain characters in the franchise (Josef of Prague, off the top of my head) do participate in the affairs of kine, from a decidedly anti-fascist position, they have a good, story-relevant, story-enhancing reason to do so. You know, one that actually generates good characters and not platitude dispensers. Can we put our big boy writer pants on, drop the edgy material, and learn the other meanings of the word ”mature”? For that character to have meaning, they need more depth. And that depth is not there. And no, the other trans character does not suffer from this, because there's some backstory there, some motivation. This is not about them being trans.It gets frustrating at the end, where a series of choices with little difference between them has left me feeling frustrated at the lack of indication regarding progress, where a specific combination of choices would unlock the endgame. The problem? They're not consistent. You either stroke the guy's ego, or you cuss at him. Not both, alternately. This is a mix of the two, one that does not hold up to scrutiny, does not make sense, and feels more like something you need to get lucky for, rather than think through.Also, the end is underwhelming. You take this thinblood neonate (which is a great idea, actually, since it prevents WoD nerds like me from going for some obscure bloodline with god-like powers) and get him in waaay over his head, travelling with him across the USA, then back home again, then back to LA and Hollywood and the grand finale, and it all culminates... with the main antagonist being stabbed. Flat. Then they're going away. Flat. Underwhelming.I wish I could recommend this. I initially did. But between the edgy virtue-signalling (I'm sorry, but that's what it is), the one-note characters, the frustrating climaxes (climaxes should not be that way), and the abrupt and flat ending, I have to change my review to a negative.There are three Vampire: the Masquerade video games. This is the only one that made me feel glad it was over. And no, I will *not* discuss the politics.Here's hoping the Mage one is better.LATER EDIT:I played through the Mage one. Now, while the Vampire one has the political elements at least camoumflaged behind characters and shock value, the Mage one straight up does what no short story ever should do: tells you how you should feel.The man in the bookstore makes you roll your eyes at how he's so ignorant. He's the old world, he's the enemy. But you're better than him, you do not debate or reason with the man. You scream into a plushie. The Swedish far-right is there to drive you into temptation. Literally.This one is even worse than Vampire. At least Vampire did its millenial, social justice gimmick in a way that was... somehow adapted to its aesthetic. Angry punk vampires sticking it to the man in whatever way comes to hand. This just assumes off the bat that you religiously hold a view concerning the refugee crisis (so the story can virtue-signal), and then proceeds to see if you stick to that or not. If you do, you get the good ending (Traditions), and if you don't, you get the bad ending (Technocracy), obviously. So, either way, there's the aforementioned virtue signaling.You want to write a piece about something like this? Good, do it. It's a worthwhile subject. As previously stated, it will have your views in it. It makes sense.But for the love of Lemmy, at least allow some room for debate. If you want to do this, you have to thoroughly explore the subject matter more. This way, we have characters that are just „immigrant, Tradition mage, good guys” or „white Swedish, Technocrat, bad guys”, and that's it. The implication is, obviously, that these sets of traits only come in these variations, that no others are possible, because there is causality between them.Which leads me to my issue with the Mage prelude. It's not WoD fiction. It's a propaganda piece set in the World of Darkness, reskinned for M:tA.What happened to the complexity that characterizes White Wolf? Yes, they took political jabs before, in previous titles, but those were tastefully done and short one-liners. If this is the direction that White Wolf chooses to take with its new products and the modernization of the WoD, I fear this decades-old fan will not be coming along for the ride.However, I don't like to criticize something without offering a way to improve what I've just criticized, so:Vampire had way too much edgy ”adult” material that does not have its place alongside White Wolf's elegance and subtlety. Mage was a glorified party recruitment leaflet in the guise of an interesting story about starting down the path toward transcendence. Honestly, I feel that such a thing doesn't belong anywhere near the games industry, but hey, whatever floats your boat. It definitely should not be associated with White Wolf.Now, who do we know, us White Wolf fans, who handles this kind of edgy, risque, rather politicised, shocking, hardcore, fiction? Someone who exists for this sole purpose, to release the stuff that doesn't really fit into White Wolf's nice catalog?Black Dog, of course! Bring Black Dog back, publish this kind of stuff over there (especially stuff like We Eat Blood), and we'll be golden. The fans know what to expect, there's no beef over anything, and product quality does not suffer. You can even go the serious route over there: BG had one of the most, if not the most, serious, sobering and straightfaced supplement in RPG history with Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah. So it's not just mindless edge.So, if anyone at White Wolf reads this: please give Black Dog a chance. You can publish the more politically-loaded, shock-value stuff like this over there, people who what that get it from there, while we, the nerds, can enjoy our vanilla-flavored games straight from WW.Sorry about this huge post. 'Till next time."
76561198042864202,Not Recommended,565410,29973736,Posted: 16 February,all,Materia User,"My 2 cents:I've only played the vampire masquerade half so far (kinda) and it's ok. I have some problems I really hate though.First is the ""pics"" sent in the game I can't tell what the heck they are and they are supposed to give me clues. Kinda like looking at abstract art and trying to come up with some sense. Not really my thing. The protagonist and friends don't really act like anyone I know, but maybe I just hang with a different crowd, who knows. It made me feel very little about them, since I couldn't relate very much.The whole thing takes place on a cell phone, and it's irritating mostly because it doesn't make sense. There is little sense of impending death when apparently you have the time to text it all to your friends. The game kinda even admits to it, when he mentions that you are constantly locked up somewhere with nothing to do but text, because they allowed you to keep your phone. lol.Right now I'm stuck on this choice tree where I die if I choose the wrong thing, and the entire chapter is like 30 choices long and I'm tired of replaying it all when one of the choices is ""F*** you"" or ""You're disgusting!"" Apparently one of those leads to death and the other is safe.I quit and am writing this out of frustration. Maybe I will have better luck with the mage side of things, if I decide to give this game a chance again.I much prefer the choice of games publisher for a similar style but better writing imho.Could be worth it on sale if you really dig this kind of thing though I guess."
,Not Recommended,565410,29976238,Posted: 16 February,all,Techies picker,"THIS IS ABOUT THE VAMPIRE FICTION.So... by the time I'm writting this review I must say I have only played about 4 or 5 hours and altough I still hope the game changes, it is much likegambling. Once in a whilethe game decidesthat would be nice for you to think you're in control of the story, but it does the absolute opposite as itforces you to pick the right line so you can move forward. You never have true control of things because once you pick the wrong line, you die. And I beg you pardon because it may be just me: You'll die a lot.The two times the game does it the most (at least in 4~5 hours of playtime) is whenMarcoappears as a challenge. You get to choose from a lot of stuff (which isgood) but if you choose the wrong one, you die almost instantly (which isexhaustive and primarily bad). Sometimes when the game is not satisfied, itmisleadsyou into thinking that the line you picked was indeed the right one and... Welp... There you are dead again.Of course this is not entirely bad. The first hours were incredibly thrilling as you have to manage picking the right choices. But the story escalates reeeeeeeally quickly and at first you were (kind of) rewarded for being cautious while in the next minutes you have to make some real f***ing nastyass recklessly brutal f***ed up batshit crazy aggressive choiceslike insulting one of the strongest vampires in the scene which is like hundreds of years old and way above you in the food chain. And you think this may be an overreact butthe girl who was embraced a few days before the ""Marco incident"" was already beating (or trying to) vamps up like a boss and acting all experienced-neonate-ish (this also happens with the main character with this thing of her/him having no remorse in killing people).The fiction is good, the characters are well made, the music fits well and the paintings give a nice touch for you to get immersed but this pick-the-right-choice-or-you-die is just plain bad. I recommend it if you don't see a problem with it, but yeah, if you're some picky person about your visual novels and chosing your own destiny you might as well stay away from the game.Edit: I saw that there are more people stuck in the same part as me due to this system of pick-the-right-choice-or-you-die. Changed the recommendation status to ""no"" and I think it'll stay that way."
,Not Recommended,565410,29996877,Posted: 17 February,all,FabioSooner,"***Short version***The only reason I don't recommend this is the fact that it's a bundle. The Mage game isn't really an interactive 'story', it's an interactive political manifesto in fake fiction format - and even as an elaborate pamphlet, it borders on the extreme and pretty much goes nowhere. So go get We Eat Blood on a phone - it's totally worth the asking price there - but don't waste a cent or a second on the Mage game....***Long version***If this is the new direction the World of Darkness is going, I'm a tiny bit worried. To explain that, first let's take a very popular book such as 1984 by Orwell as an example. While it's widely known the story is a warning about the dangers of a Stalinesque totalitarian society, its character portrayals are elaborate and realistic enough (in relation to the dystopian world imagined therein) to entertain and, at the same time, express some very universal dangers to liberty, no matter where in the political spectrum the reader is. That's a case where a politically charged book goes beyond politics, where literature is on the forefront and in turn makes the political side of it even more thought-provoking.What I'm saying is that there is no problem with fiction that touches politics. The problem starts when politics dwarf the fiction.The Mage 'story' is not fiction, it's a checklist drafted by a first-year college student in a 'safe space' with ""Imagine"" playing on the background while the smell of incense fills the room. If you find this mental image to be too stereotypical, ask anyone who read/played the Mage story if this scenario seems unfitting to the game's protagonist in any way, shape or form. Even those who do find this scene appealing or comforting would certainly be hard-pressed to utter 'yes'. In other words: if there's stereotyping in play here, it's on the game itself, not me. I'm just being descriptive.Think of anything this college student would do or express 'to make the world a better place' and it's there on the 'story'. The protagonist works on a bookstore, uses a bike to commute, volunteers at a refugee center after work, and goes to secret raves on Friday night. While there's no problem at all for fiction to portray people who do exist in the world out there, when the stereotype goes *that far*, it firmly enters caricature or parody territory - except that this 'story' is clearly not meant to feature either. The dissonance is palpable.That overtly cliché protagonist still wouldn't be a problem if the 'story' progressed in unexpected ways, twisting expectations for her, or if the world portrayed had some variety on its characters and what they do. It doesn't. At all. The world is supposedly our own, but it's entirely built on that checklist mentioned above. And that list has all the 'right' points: all middle-aged men are pigs; all people who apparently 'don't care about others' wear suits and expensive stuff; everyone who disagrees with the protagonist is white; the protagonist can't hear critique on political correctness without 'retreating to a happy place' in her mind and screaming into a pillow shortly after; and there's even mention of how someone 'should not be allowed to speak' just for his dissenting opinions. Heck, at some point there's even a half-naked, nature-lover woman bleeding down her legs for no real reason other than the obvious radfem stereotype.Note that this isn't even a critique on these positions or ideals, but on boring stereotypes. The Vampire story has a trans character who proudly says voters of a certain president do deserve to be killed. The thing is, there's a bit more to her than just that remark - at the very least she's just a minor character built for comical relief; meanwhile, the Mage PROTAGONIST only exists as a political pamphlet. Even her boyfriend only rears his head as an accessory to her ideals.Worse yet, this 'approach' to characters is the norm in Mage. While the Vampire trans character is not defined by a single harsh opinion - no matter what you think of her set of morals thanks to that opinion - *everyone* and *everything* in Mage is defined by clear-cut stereotypes on the authors' heads. Every single one, every single thing. Right after encountering any new character in the Mage 'story', you can take a handful of well educated guesses on everything that character will say and do for the rest of the game, all based on your first impressions, and all such guesses will be 101% accurate when the whole thing ends.Even the quick, tiny attempt to be 'impartial' at one the main issues in the 'story' - the Syrian refugee crisis - is feeble and rings very hollow and, again, stereotypical. One single refugee tries to fondle the protagonist at some point, but she never feels really angered about it, just 'sad'. At that point the reader had already seen tons of colorful descriptions of what the refugees endured to get there, and it becomes clear both the authors and the protagonist are just making excuses in advance for what is undoubtedly abhorrent behavior they can't pretend not to exist. And guess what: that tidbit goes nowhere. Yeah, the touchy-feely refugee never gets even a name, was never mentioned before that scene, and never appears again. It's just a token.And it gets worse. Even if you manage to block out all the unrealistic world, characters and attitudes lifted out of that political checklist, the 'magick' side of the 'story' is nothing to write home about. You've seen tons of better descriptions, crazier situations and more elaborate plots in Mage: The Ascension and The Awakening before, including ones about the awakening of a new mage. The game has a nice presentation and appropriate BGM, but that's about it. The choices are so devoid of nuance that you can see very early what the end game is: you're steering the protagonist to a faction, and pretty much nothing else. You see, making a stand is way more important here than a mere 'story'.Meanwhile, the Vampire game does not fare much better in terms of how choices affect the story - too many of them lead to unexpected quick deaths, for example, while you apparently can't 'die' on the Mage one - but at least they do have lots of room for thought. The Vampire game is also structured as a bunch of text chats on a smartphone, and uses this to full effect: pictures are sent, multiple messages may arrive at the same time and so on. There's even a tiny more interactivity to it as you toggle between chat windows according to your personal attachment to certain characters.And most of all, the Vampire story is longer, better written and... fresh. In fact, I don't remember reading such approach to 'thinbloodness' before - and believe me, I've read a lof of Vampire: The Masquerade and Vampire: The Requiem. There are at least a couple of 'vampire-y' concepts I've never thought of in there, and I wish I had such ideas at hand while I played the tabletop game back in the day. The story goes places, sweeps your feet more than once, and it's tense as hell.The funny thing is that I wouldn't be surprised to discover that the authors from both games do share the exact same ideas on politics, which just makes the Mage 'story' even worse by comparison. Imagine this: you're not into sports, but two of your friens are. One just watches some matches on TV and never bugs you about it - in fact, only you and a few close friends know what team that friend supports. The other is always wearing sports regalia, always tries to drag you to the stadium, and got into more than a couple of fights - physical ones - with supporters of rival teams. When you try to reason with friend 2, you're called a nerd and left alone, worrying about that friend's life and well-being.Swap sports for politics - no matter which politics - and friend 1 is the Vampire game, friend 2 is the Mage game. It's simple as that. Except that the Mage game is not your friend, so... Just skip it and move on."
,Not Recommended,565410,29971200,Posted: 16 February,all,Patches the Picus,"I expected entertaining genre-fiction set in the Mage the ascension/WoD universe.What I got was mundane, shallow and data-free rambling about the Syrian refugee crisis with some WoD elements tacked on haphazardly.I did not find the core Mage the awakening plot interesting in any way. If you want to learn more about the refugee crisis you are better off reading the many scientific papers written on the issue.I am not going to waste more of my time playing the vampire part.You are julia, a volunteer at a refugee center. You discover your magical powers at a rave. Several cabals of magic users take note (the technocratic union, cult of ecstasy, and probaby the hollow ones). You proceed to make a few black and white decisions that affect a few people in some way and result in you allying with one of the aforementioned powers.I did not re-play the game extensively but that is essentially what it boils down to.Tucked inbetween the story are short fictional stories about the refugee crisis in sweden (People helping refugees at a refugee center, girl getting sexually assaulted by a refugee in a refugee center, a right wing party rally etc.)."
76561197988715767,Not Recommended,565410,29986776,Posted: 17 February,all,Lycaniz,"I am a fan of World of Darkness and i have played my fair share of text games/choose your own adventure style games before, so even with that in mind i must admit i refunded it. The choices were non-existant, it is very linear atleast the parts i have played and frankly, if you have 3 options and 2 of them get you killed. Constantly, that is not 'good' choices. Especially when none of them are the obvious answer."
76561198006653128,Not Recommended,565410,29998710,Posted: 17 February,all,ssfsx17,"An excellent introduction to the World of Darkness, well-written and aesthetically-pleasing in general, but with unforgivable game design.This is a pair of gamebooks, with special aesthetic touches. It can be likened to the Choice of Games types, but the opposite of spartan web-page presentation. The Vampire scenario is presented as a bunch of phone texting with other people, with occasional blood drops on the phone, and screen cracks to indicate that you have been roughed-up. The Mage scenario is a more conventional gamebook interface, but with all sorts of crazy visual effects to indicate the straining between Magic, Reality, and Paradox.The political stuff is actually something I do not mind at all. It is a part of life and affects everyone, so of course it will be used. It also makes quite a bit of sense where it is introduced. In the Vampire scenario, the Anarchs are the only ones who are not trying to kill you, and they have biases that perfectly extend from their faction ethos. In the Mage scenario, you deal with a situation that puts an entire part of the world under extreme stress, and you can choose a side in the debate.The aesthetics and writing are perfect, but the game design is not. The writers have a lot to learn from the veterans of the Choice of Games Engine for avoiding stupid deaths, supporting many possible choices and branching paths, and so on. The Vampire scenario consists of trying all possible choices until you clear the (very linear) game, while the Mage scenario only has 2.5 paths, and only a few choices at the end truly matter.Consequently, this is not a good set of gamebooks in general. It is only useful as an introduction to one specific conflict in Vampire: The Masquerade and to the basic three factions of Mage: The Awakening - and it would be more useful in these roles if it were either better-game-designed or flattened into interactive books without choices."
76561197999775123,Not Recommended,565410,30008159,Posted: 18 February,all,qwerty69,"These are actually two 'games' (that is, interactive novels with some pretty cool visual effects); not sure why they're bundled - unless it's to avoid highly negative reviews on one of them.Because the Mage book is LAME. L_A_M_E!! It is shallow, super-stereotypial, badly written, and chock-full of political propaganda. If I were to DM a Mage session that lame all my players would be livid - and I only charge them cookies. Also, lore-wise -two mages that cannot cross the ocean on their own should be kicked out of their tradition.In contrast, the Vampire book is amazing. It's witty, well-written, perfectly fits into the lore AND into the contemporary culture. Well worth the money on its own, but for the Mage part.An old Russian proverb says - mix one barrel of honey with one barrle of crap, and, lo and behold - two barrels of crap!So, yea, overall it's a lame bundle, but the VtM half it great."
76561198042241683,Not Recommended,565410,32032500,Posted: 28 May,all,eric.c.berg,"I was enjoying the game until I got to a point where I was on the third long conversation with multiple choice points where there is no indication what the right approach is and the wrong choice leads to instant death, so I'm randomly choosing options, dying, then playing the whole conversation over again. Over and over and over. So, I just stopped playing, because there is no universe where that is a fun experience. If I ran a tabletop game like this, my players would lynch me."
,Not Recommended,565410,30434629,Posted: 10 March,all,ky0dar,"While I enjoyed played ""We Eat Blood"", I can't endorse or support it. One of the characters, who as a vampire in the world of darkness does some pretty terrible things, was directly named for a real person the writer has had issues with in the past. The writer has a history of harrassment and bringing those hyper-opinions into the game weakens it and does it a dis-service."
,Not Recommended,565410,30513273,Posted: 14 March,all,Cinderz,"Only Reviewing We eat blood.Art: 0/10 If I have to spend 15 minutes of my time craning my neck to make visual sense of a piece with an explicitly stated subject, it's bad art.  95% looked liked abstract art drawn by a 10 year old with a crayon and the legible 5% looked like it was drawn by some angsty emo picasso wannabe with a crayon.Soundtrack: 10/10 Those seductively tranquil melodies were making love to my ears. Made me feel like I was right back in the heart of bloodlines.Story: 1/10 Terrible. Riddled with contrived plot devicesDuring the New York route: unidentified 'Nosferatu?' woman and damsel in distress 'Macy' are conjured to push the Protagonist into a meeting with the antagonist before being quickly (in Macy's case) swept away to witness protection in England in a throw away line or in the case of the Nos, just never referenced again. For some x reason, the random friend of 'Izzy's' lover is conveniently close enough to save our Hero in an alley from a blood hunt in the span of a few text with no directions given. AND manages to impale a vampire who just happens to jump right in front of their car. During the Seattle Route: Some random mutant monkey thing escapes, goes on a murder spree that for some x reason knows to attack the Protagonist 'friends' out of all the people in Seattle. The mother, one of only two who can track the protag only exist because she was randomly kidnapped off a bus full of sex slaves? Ect & so forth.I mean it's just ridiculously terrible writing.  It's obvious somebody confused Deus ex Machinas for substance & sense while they were off ranting on their Social propaganda soap box.Chapter 1 starts off promising for like the first maybe 5-10 minutes with the protagonist trying make sense of their situation, before it quickly deteriorates into a tiresome borefest of no-choice rubbernecking into other people's affairs and social justice crusading rather than trying to get one's own household in order so to speak. The protagonist is 'that guy'-- you know the type; will be witness to some 'grave injustice', and instead of doing something to remedy the situation, will sit back and spend their time tweeting about how terrible the society is? Always on the lookout for the pettiest attributes in their fellow sentient like someone being too rich or acting a bit cantankerous just to tweet they discovered a new jerk face? Yeah that guy. An annoying busybody who I would be nauseated to cross two thoughts with in reality, let alone appreciate having to look through the eyes of in a universe which is supposed to be about amoral creatures of the night. I mean reallywhy would a transitioning vampire be worried about the bus driver trying to make someone, who isn't them, take off a turban? Or even someone getting cranky if you change the channel to cnn? I mean don't you have waaay bigger fish to fry like trying to figure out how to fill that alien hunger gnawing on your gut?The stupid just snowballs from there.Oh and you know, they happen to be a car thief for hypocritical good measure.By the end it's just an extremely ridiculous fifth rate parody of WoD. And cringe inducing one at that.A 600 yr old Tremere regent, Lord of the Chantry, cursing and dishing mother insults over the phone like some stunted man-child? Really?*cringe*I mean and then you even got people you've talked to for five minutes grinding your face in their sexual orientations.I'm talking to this transgender vampire chick for like five min and she goes on a tangent about killing Donald trump supporters, Transgender bathrooms and trying to psych out (specifically) male uber drivers by telling them she got a little something extra down there, while asking if she could fondle their junk for them.Number 1 & 2 I can just let fly over my head. but 3 & 4?  I'm like why is this being relayed to me!? What does this have to do with ANYTHING about me or the overarching dilemma? Not a thing. White wolf however seems to think this character is great, even going to far as gloat on their blogabout how Avery is a representation of transgenders and an awesome vampire to boot who helps you at the end. (by texting useless guest trivia and throwing a toaster oven that missed its mark I might add)Please, I know a useless background decoration and shock value when I see it. You want to make controversial characters? Fine, I welcome and look forward to it. But don't try to hide that controversy behind diverse group portrayal. Call it what it is. A projected fantasy that took a wrong turn on its way to penthouse.I totally wish I could get my refund right now. I feel like I've been trolled out of 10 dollars. Which makes me sad because Vtmr, Vtmb and the WoD books are some of my all time favorite past times. However too late for me but don't make the same mistake I did and stay away from this catastrophe. Better yet, Just act like this never existed.My advice to white wolf: Keep projects in-house and freelancers out. Especially the ones angry at the world with chips on their shoulders."
76561198011786867,Not Recommended,565410,33381441,Posted: 8 July,all,Q.,"This is simply not a ""game"" worthy of the world of darkness tag. This ""game"" that is more than a visual novel is an abomination both in writing and the characters provided.  This game presents you with two stories in the world of darkness universe, one being the Vampire, perhaps familiar to you if you've played Vampire the masquerade bloodlines and the other one being Mage, set in the ascension universe of world of darkness. Both of these stories do the original material no justice and it gives you clique after clique plus hamfisted political opinions that the writers seem to force in which is not needed and should be thrown away as this franchise has never been about the mortal fragility of politics, vampires and mages deal with stuff on a whole other level, mundane human politics and the mortal frailty is beyond their concern, so if the bus driver is ""racist"" or that this bookstore you work at is ""ultra pc"" it is not relevant to the universe, never has and hopefully never will again.A mage should be concerned about the technocracy and the war that they have pretty much lost. Vampires should be concerned about the masquerade, where their next pray is. Both navigate an incredibly vulnerable world which could be exposed at any moment and are much more important than a regular human could ever be, especially the humans weak mindset and opinions of things. Even new vampires show often a cold detachment to the mortal world which they no longer inhabit and the older they get the more dark and cynical they become. Do you think a 100 year old vampire would moan about being politically correct or care about racist human behaviour? no, i dont think so, the same goes for mages.Both the main characters in these games have newly discovered their new ""gifts"", but there really is not a whole lot of emphasis on how they deal with it personally completely missing the point of personal horror that the original franchise presented, its about how YOU experience things, how this new world that have opened to you is and how you deal with it and what dangers lurk within it. Mortal politics would rarely and never enter to a big extent because they were useless. Vampires being concerned with the coming Gehenna and the end of all vampires and Mages fighting a losing war with dimensions opening left and right and there is not much they can do to save their dying world.In this ""game"" prelude you are dropped into the shoes of two females, little character investment is considered and you are bombared with their opinions and hopeless characteristics with an awfully modern and story driven by mortal politics plaguing the world today, to try to make the world of darkness more modern in tone could not hurt but when you do it in such a wrong way its glaring to look at, especially when the writers they hired have no previous experience in writing this kind of work and have never understood the essence on what the universe itself is about.I would therefore not recommend this product to a fan or hardcore fan of the world darkness franchise, the vampire nor the mage story adds nothing new and contributes nothing at all to the universe except for poor political statements mixed with poor understanding of an amazing universe."
,Not Recommended,565410,29997460,Posted: 17 February,all,Xannie,"A nice little taster for the soft reboot of the Classic World of Darkness, to be rebranded One World of Darkness. If anyone involved in the creative process is reading, some of us still consider Demon the Fallen among the best of the old line, and it would be nice to have it back in as genuine a form as possible. That said, for now, this is a nice reminder that good things might be coming. Only time will tell....or so I thought. That was my hope and optimism, upon seeing this new game.Now I'm several hours in, and it's looking like the new One World of Darkness may have at least some focus on thinblooded milennials warring against the old blood, in a dark mirror of the modern cultural clashes, and that's just not what I come to WoD for. That sort of conflict already existed with the Anarchs, Sabbat, and of course Camarilla. Hopefully I'm wrong and this is a one off, but the vampire portion of this game has gone from an interesting descent into the vampire world by a Caitiff to being ranted at by Vampire Justice Warriors.Upon finishing, my view on We Eat Blood is sadly not much changed. An interesting concept that starts out strong, and sadly devolves into being a rather disappointing and underwhelming experiance that is either intentional parody and satire in places or writers shoehorning in their personal agendas.HOWEVER, despite not changing my review to positive because they are packaged together and Mage is incredibly short, the Mage adventure was a pleasure to go through and I would say if you can get it on a mobile platform so you don't have to approve We Eat Blood with your currency. It was even handed on political issues, and allowed you to make actual choices as to what you character feels and believes. It felt personal, and had the mature writing and themes one expects for a game line intended to be played among adults rather than teens. I repeat though, it is very short, and there isn't a great deal of replayability."
76561198277406909,Not Recommended,565410,31862648,Posted: 20 May,all,ladyinvidia,"I haven't played the mage one yet, and I doubt I ever will, based on some of the reviews here and my own opinion about the vampire game. To say I was disappointed is sugar coating it. I loved Vampire The Masquerade, I have all the Clan Novels and the Dark Ages series, Redemption and Bloodlines were both awesome, and basically, I adore this franchise and have been waiting for over a decade for a new game to be released. That being said, I was very surprised by the format they went with for this game. I had hoped that a new game would be in a more RPG format like Bloodlines. This new one is text based, which didn't necessarily turn me off from the game immediately, just surprised me that they chose that route. What actually made me regret purchasing this game was that it's not a game...It's a story (I use that word loosely) with very little in the way of choices. LA or New York...Those are your choices. After that, it just follows a linear story line that seems to always end the same. If you make the wrong choice you die...if you make the right choice you go on to the next part of the story. I had thought that it would be like those books where you can turn to page 30 to go to the dungeon, or page 28 to climb the ladder, etc. It's sad because this game has less creativity and options than those choose your own adventure books. You are quite literally just clicking and trying to guess the right option (which there is only one of). It doesn't really change the outcome of the game, so ultimately you're just clicking through a story. Which brings me to my next point, it's a bad story. Completely uninteresting, the characters all seem to have the same stereotypical 21st-century personality, frequently seen in 20-something-year-olds in TV show dramas, vapid and shallow. Which would be fine if a couple characters were like that, but they ALL feel like the same person texting. Except for the Mother character, which felt like an attempt to give the story more depth but failed to do so. They seem to jump from setting to setting with rocky transitions that feel awkward and forced. It was as if they had a general idea of what they wanted but sort of rushed through it. This could be because it's all read like text messages from a phone. Which I'll give them credit for a somewhat novel idea, but it was an idea that sounded cooler than it actually was. I guess the pictures are nice, but some are impossible to figure out what they are, and none are enough to make up for all the other problems I have with this game. And yeah, I guess they pay homage to older games, but it almost feels like being teased by what once was."
,Recommended,565410,30053028,Posted: 20 February,all,Vosoros,"If you love choose your own adventure style books and World of Darkness, this game is a must have for the game collection...Unlike any other interactive fiction I've had the pleasure of before, this game is told through a series of text messages on the characters phone with choices aplenty.  Some good, some bad...and some the horrifying end of your confused, new existence.  At least such is how it goes for Vampire the Masquerade.Kudos to White Wolf and the writers and my thanks for making this game friendly for low-spec computers too..."
76561198005215613,Not Recommended,565410,30462764,Posted: 11 March,all,[TK],"Vampire: We Eat BloodIf you play this game for five hours, four will be spent re-reading the same sentences over and over again after selecting the ""wrong choice"" in the stupid roulette that is this game's playability. And you can't skip it. And yes, they talk a lot.In some parts you will have to choose the right option about 5 to 7 times with three alternatives and each error will reset the game after a dragged loss animation. Count about 100 unskippable lines of text for these scenes.That is enough for this game not be worthy.But then, there's the background. They hired one pretty controversial writer, which used the game's narrative to harass and dismiss some personal affairs of his. It's such a shame that WhiteWolf allowed that in this game. It's sadly mediocre that we play a history offending some non-public and non-related person. This is not only a disrespect for that one person, but for all players and fans from WoD.I really wanted to like this game, and it does get some rights. But unfortunately they got unforgivable wrongs:A) In Playability, you're in the hands of a unflexible Storyteller, that Kills You everytime you do not make the decision he wants you to.B) In Story we get some disrespectful personal quarrel from the writter. Also, lots of forceful dialogues that gets boring at times.I cheered for WhiteWolf's return to digital games and this was a big disapointment. It could be ok without all the dead ends during the game.But WhiteWolf did not respect it's fans, and that's a failure that stains not only this game, but everything the company does. I'll keep an eye on future releases, but crap like this can never be tolerated again.(Also, the Mage one is pretty OK. Interesting in some parts, but really simplified. The display and readability gets pretty bad sometimes.)"
76561198021345592,Not Recommended,565410,30337767,Posted: 5 March,all,Eachna,"I like the premise. I thought two short games made up entirely of text messages would be a way to kickstart new characters in the World of Darkness.I liked some of the art, and thought the music was at least ok.I found the writing terrible. Over-stylized, pretentious word salad alternated with short ""C U l8r"" text speak. Pick a tone and stick with it. Give each character a unique voice."
76561197969749884,Recommended,565410,32695315,Posted: 23 June,all,Sarkoth,"First things first: World of Darkness has always been one of my favourite pen and paper RPGs and therefore I am a huge sucker for the entire lore.The Vampire game isn't necessarily one of the best visual novels I have played in quite a while, but it is the most immersive I've ever played, although it will require background knowledge of the World of Darkness lore to make any sense at all to the player. I can greatly imagine why it was downvoted so much, because to someone completely new to the franchise, nothing makes sense. To the initiated though, it's an interesting story to follow a thinblood deal with the aftershock of having been sired.The Mage game I didn't like too much, as it is painfully short, features little to no choices at all and doesn't feel interactive in the slightest. The story is written better than the other game though and yet again, to the initiated it proves to be an interesting view on an unwillingly awakened protagonist.All in all this lastest me roughly 8 hours, so I definitely got my personal bang for my buck, with the added benefit of revelling in all the memories of all the awesome pen and paper adventures I have experienced with the ruleset many years ago.So for fans of the franchise which also happen to be fans of visual novels, this is a must buy. To anyone else, this quite heavily niche game might not be for you. I will recommend it for the general public though because the first game alone is a very unusual and refreshing take on visual novels in the first place and the story is interesting even if you have no idea what's going on."
76561198131653342,Recommended,565410,30049331,Posted: 19 February,all,Pickman,"This product is composed by two interactive stories nicely packed and with a decent background music. So far I played the mage one which stays true to the roots of the game. Before continuing let me tell you that the content is definetly mature and not suitable for all audiences. It's to be expected if you're familiar with the World of Darkness setting.The story revolves around refugees and so it could be considered differently depending on the political views of the reader (and it's receiveing a lot of bad reviews for that, so the choice of tackling such a topic is debatable).Also the technocracy (the guys against immigration in this case) can easily be seen as the bad guys. It's not written anywhere that they are bad. But Mage: the Ascension has always been about the conflict of order (science) vs. chaos (magic).And the players in general tend to be users of magic. So you know who the obvious bad guys tend to be. Still it's possible to choose and to define what happens on a wider scale than what you would expect. The narrative has A LOT of unsettling moments in accord to the clichés of Mage: the Ascension (well, I tend to be more a fan of Mage: the Awakening, but I love both settings). Especially there are a lot of ""trippy"" scenes that I loved.The story is well written and presented and it is good. It tends to railroad the player a bit but it makes sense as much of what happens is outside the protagonist experience and it's necessary to bring the story to some fixed points to make it work. However some blocks of text change according to your choices and you can avoid entirely some optional scenes. A big problem is that it seems to be nothing carried over between chapters which also means that the replayability seems quite limited.I finished the story in about three hours, but I read very fast. No really, I do.Also I still need to replay some scenes to see what happens with the other choices. A good thing is that the choices are not always easy ones.I would say that the Mage story has about 8-10 hours of ""gameplay"" (a.k.a. reading) in it including replaying it to get different scenes and endings. Or to compare it to a book I would say that it has something like 60-90 pages (however it can get a lot lower if you avoid scenes or play it only once).My score for the Mage story would be 7/10, but I'm a big fan of Mage so I'm probably biased.Most reviews so far say that the Vampire story is better. Overall I would suggest to give it a shot if you're a fan of the tabletop RPG or the videogame (but then remember that Mage is... Something completely different).I just played the Vampire story too. Well... It was underwhelming. Not terrible but I would give it a 5/10. The narrative has to pass through the cellphone in the form of chatrooms so a lot of the discussions are weird. Apparently there's a moment when the protagonist uses the phone while sawing an hole in a wall. In two occasions he uses voice-to-text while trying to be stealthy. That aside there's very little to make you understand what's happening and you have several chats texting you at the same time making it a bit obnoxious to switch between them all the time.There are several situations in which you have to guess which solution does not make you die. If you guess wrong you have to backtrack a few minutes. And several choices are a bit random (spoiler: if you turn a corner apparently it's more dangerous than leaping down stairs).The writing is minimalist and in many cases the action is not properly described.However the story is longer than the Mage one, or to be precise feels longer because it has more choices. Also it has images (paintings) which support the narrative nicely, even if the art style is a bit abstract for... Reasons you'll understand in the game.10 Euros is quite a big sum for such a game (well, if you're a fan like me you probably already bought it so it's a moot point) but if you find it on sale I would advice you to buy it."
,Recommended,565410,29965459,Posted: 16 February,all,Ubbo-Sathla,"Zak Sabbath's intro to Vampire — chaotic, confusing, at times downright rambling and incoherent — is sheer brilliance. If this is the direction the new White Wolf will be taking its games in, then I'm definitely coming along for a ride."
,Not Recommended,565410,30145497,Posted: 24 February,all,Helpful Banana,"I am genuinely not sure if I have regretted a purchase more than this. And I own a copy of Twilight.While the game generally stays true to the gritty atmosphere of WoD, I'm not entirely sure what the writers were smoking when they composed the story and dialogue. It was either, at best, a laughable attempt to create witty, intellectual and dry humor into a decent structure resembling a plot, or at worst, one of the most cringe-worthy, confusing sets of dialogue I have ever seen in a story. I only played the Vampire segment, but that was enough to ward me off from the entire package; I have no idea how any of the developers didn't take a look at the written portions of the plot and didn't think, 'hm, you know, maybe this... sucks.' This reads almost entirely like bad fan-fiction, and that's what I'm choosing to believe it ultimately is, because the horror of this actually being a World of Darkness-associated title is too much to bear.And from a gameplay aspect, well, it's just as lacking. The game allows you the illusion of choice, but not following the strict guidelines of a predecided fate will steer you swiftly toward your death anyway, so it doesn't really matter what you choose -- unless, of course, it's in line with what the game wants you to pick!I'm genuinely not sure whether to be embarrassed for White Wolf for having this title associated their name -- and what's more, the ingenuity involved in World of Darkness and Vampire -- or disappointed that the company saw the final product and deemed it fit for release."
,Recommended,565410,29963796,Posted: 16 February,all,skeetar (dogwizard),"This is a choose-your-own-adventure style storytelling game set in the World of Darkness. You interact with the world through a cell phone, communicating with personalities you encounter as you experience (in the Vampire version) the world shortly after your Embrace. Fans of Vampire: The Masquerade will appreciate the dark, hectic atmosphere and sensations of panic and confusion in the main character.I'm hooked.Edit #1 - One hour in and I can feel my pulse in my neck just sitting here.Edit #2 - Really enjoying the artwork and style. It seemed a little loud from screenshots, but I find it helps my immersion into the Gothic Punk World of Darkness setting. The music is also a nice touch."
76561197981578067,Not Recommended,565410,30104624,Posted: 22 February,all,RemingTRON,"Too political, confusing, and tons of dead ends.  I suppose you might like it if you are a REALLY big fan of the WoD.  I would say pass.For the record, I beat this on a friends account, and only played the vampire storyline (since that is the system I like the most)... maybe mage is better?  I am sending mine in for a refund personally."
76561198006512046,Recommended,565410,30049141,Posted: 19 February,all,thanso,Recommended if you like choose-your-own-adventure type games and/or love World of Darkness. The Vampire story immediatelly pulled me in.
76561198039187627,Not Recommended,565410,30166117,Posted: 25 February,all,Loo,"I'm torn over We Eat Blood. I really wanted a new Vampire: The Masquerade game as Bloodlines was one of the best games I've ever played. While I did like some of the writing, art, and music, the tedium really ruined the fun. I can't recommend it in its current state without a steep discount.What I didn't like about We Eat Blood:The Vampire game is linear as ♥♥♥♥ and only has illusion of choice. You are required to pick specific choices in order to advance the game - other options result in death. For me, the game often bugged. This was remedied by restarting the chapter, choosing the same choices I did before (that resulted in death), and they suddenly worked. It was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ It took the fun out of the game.I like edgy, but the writing is superfluously edgy. Some of the writing is as ridiculous as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monster in American Gods that swallows people whole. There's no point to that - it doesn't meaningfully add depth or advance the plot. Some of the 'mature' content is really immature, like it's written by an intelligent, albeit really contrarian teenager.The entire interaction with Marco sucks.What I liked about We Eat Blood:The music and effects are nice. I feel a bit divided on the art though; while its vague, abstract style is nice, it's also a bit frustrating that it's difficult to determine just what you're looking at, or what a character (or scene) really looks like.The story told through text is an interesting idea. It wasn't badly executed.Some of the writing is good - sometimes it can be funny. The setting is amazing, of course, because it's Vampire: The Masquerade. I like how thinbloods are featured in the plot; I like roleplaying as a thinblood rather than an ancient badass or whatever. I enjoyed the story enough to nearly complete the last sequence.I'm not really sure what to say about Mage: The Ascension. This is my introduction to the game. The setting seems interesting, but it was really short. I have to admit I didn't really understand the plot that well and how it relates to the global refugee crisis. Or why it was so focused on the global refugee crisis. I might play it again choosing different options to try to understand it better. Other than that, the effects, music, and art were good."
,Not Recommended,565410,32380181,Posted: 12 June,all,Kiken,"My first review in five years, that's how disappointed I was with this game. I've only played through the Vampire game and will not even attempt the Mage story. The list of the good things in the game is rather short. I liked how the whole story went down through texts, though I'd rather imagine this style as the prologue of a game that introduces you to the world.And now the reason of the thumbs down:The story is very confusing at first (or maybe it was just me who couldn't catch up).There's no indication on what consequences your actions have. I had the option to stay hidingin a car's trunk or go out and meet someone. Having paranoia taken over, I choose to stay hidden; then die. No explanation, just restarting the story from a few messages earlier. Throughout the game I either felt my choices made no impact or was not given any clues on how to procced and had to go with trial and error.A minor issue is that only partial answers can be seen if a choice text if too long, not the whole text you're about to send.I also didn't feel like the fight in the end came across well in this text messaging format. Up until then it was 'real time' texts, then for the fight it suddenly changed tone as if the fight had already happened and you were just telling the story to someone (which wouldn't be an issue, but there was no transition between the two).And finally, while I find the texting story and at first being clueless about vampires great, I had issues with how the game was presented. I found the most part of the game rather boring. When the story catches up and you start figuring out what's going on, the important random trial and error deaths ruin it.All in all, if you're expecting a deep, intricate Vampire game, stay away from it."
,Not Recommended,565410,30946862,Posted: 4 April,all,Tragic Magic,"Started off strong and I was intrigued by the story but then I died because of a, seemingly insignifcant, choice I made. I then had to re-read through all the text before dying, as there is no way to skip dialogue that you have already seen, to then make an alternative choice. This time I survived but there was absolutely no indication of why one choice led to death and the other didn't. If the reasoning had been clear, I'd have carried on but I immediately quit out to get my refund. If I'm playing a text adventure, I don't want trial and error gameplay. Honestly, it's a shame as I really was enjoying the story but I'd rather not be punished and made to ""play"" sections again for no real reason."
,Not Recommended,565410,32792027,Posted: 25 June,all,MEATER,"Can only recommend to the most die hard fan.I have only played the Vampire episode and it's quite hit and miss. Basically the whole story is told via texts and some of them just don't feel like texting more like regular dialogue. Sometimes you get just spammed with texts and have to catch up which is pain because the scrolling is slow and every new text will just drag the text back down. Many of the choices are basically 50/50 or don't really matter. In most of the hit and miss cases you will die directly and just get to choose the other option though which at least isn't annoying. It just makes you wonder why they didn't just write a novel. The worst part is the ending though. It goes on forevever and while I got the right idea from the get go, I had to trial and error through some of the really weird options to get through.Pros:+ Production Value for interactive fiction is nice and professional+ Idea to tell story via texts feels fresh+ Introduces beginners to the basic concepts of the universe+ Some well written texts and unusual charactersCons:- You don't really get to roleplay- Some badly written dialogue options- Some badly written texts that feel like they need a rewrite- Most choices don't matter or are pure trial and error- Ending is pure trial and error, takes forever to figure out, kills the little atmosphere they build before"
,Not Recommended,565410,30324588,Posted: 4 March,all,Tron Travolta,Trash game. Interface lost novelty after 15 minutes and the god awful writing was straight out of some junior high school edge lords notebook. Paradox is really dropping the ball with their hands off handling of White Wolf. Thankfully Steam has a generous return policy.
76561198213827207,Recommended,565410,32565945,Posted: 19 June,all,CamelSutra,"People, THIS IS NOT BLOODLINES 2! This is not an RPG or an action game. This is an interactive short story, and a very good one at that. At least the Vampire one is, I haven't played the Mage one yet. The feeling of this game brings VTM back to its roots with a young vampire's first steps into vampire society and his struggles within mortal society. If you want to be kept on your toes and have the occasional shiver down your spine then get this game. The only thing I didn't like ever so much was the suddenness of your death and losing the game. I know that it is very in keeping with source material, but it did destroy the flow of the story somewhat."
76561198031955859,Recommended,565410,29979510,Posted: 17 February,all,Maverick,"VAMPIRE REVIEWKind of a mixed bag with this one. Overall I reccomend it. Some of the writing is very good. Some of it is very forced, especially toward the end. There are two characters that introduce themselves and mention almost immediatly that they are Trans which seemed very forced. Moreso the fact that at least one did not otherwise contribute to the story. ""Hi, I am friendly for reasons without explanation. By the way I am a transexual that jerks off Uber drivers every night! We should totally hang out later! My treat!"" and then you never speak with them again. There was subtle mention of politics a few times with disfavorable references towards negative Republican stereotypes, Trump, and Christians in general. I can see this rubbing some people the wrong way and would avoid it if that kind of thing bothers you. It just annoyed me that it was cheesily pasted on an otherwise good story. If you can get past those flaws then like me you will enjoy this. I would rate it at 7 out of 10 stars. I have some positive bias as I am familiar with and am a fan of the Vampire the Masquerade brand."
76561197989634078,Recommended,565410,30047520,Posted: 19 February,all,Darx,the vampire game was good. at first i thought the thing with the mobilephone is weird but its actually a really nice idea. being a fan of the vampire games this was a must buy for me.
76561197996831188,Not Recommended,565410,32008926,Posted: 27 May,all,Das Booty,"Somehow my sire was an ancient thin blood? Come on White Wolf. Do better. Up until then, it was an okay story. A little disjointed and then it kind of fell apart and I lost interest."
76561197992232387,Recommended,565410,29980007,Posted: 17 February,all,ara,"The mage story is good, but not the easiest thing to read, from a visual perspective. The vampire story works really well being told just through text messages. Played through once for each, and will have to go back for more.There are at least two main stories for the vampire game, and maybe three with the mage one.Overall, worth it."
76561198080956289,Recommended,565410,29972851,Posted: 16 February,all,Cake & Monsters,"A surprising and highly entertaining 'choose-your-own-adventure' style game. Well written and absorbing, a decent length too at the price."
,Recommended,565410,29972395,Posted: 16 February,all,kibernick,"Just finished the Mage game – impressed by how they managed to present the very complex and open-ended magick system of Mage: The Ascension, into an interactive novel form. Very good writing that brings this 20+ year old story into the current world. Can't wait for more!9/10 would fall into Quiet again"
76561197976127519,Recommended,565410,30048942,Posted: 19 February,all,Jon Wake,"Written by the falsely maligned Zak S and Sarah Horrocks, Vampire: The Prelude (better titled within the app as We Eat Blood and All Our Friends are Dead) is a creeping tale of paranoia and surreal horror. While there are some minor gripes -- some choices that result in instant death are not telegraphed enough -- the characterizations are spot on. They may throw people off who aren't used to a certain artistic subculture, but the vampires you meet are violent, stumbling, confused, loyal, and desperate in equal measure. The plot lurches back and forth with the main character's groping attempts at understanding his condition (vampiring) and can at times be disorienting, but there are moments of clarity that bring it all into focus.  I'd also be remiss if I didn't mention just how funny it is-- it's not every game that lets you scream ""YOU WERE THE WORST BATMAN"" at someone."
76561197983188653,Not Recommended,565410,29992971,Posted: 17 February,all,oisin,"This is a truly terrifying game/button clicking software. You are trapped in the body of some whinging milennial American and forced to incessantly text ridiculous dialogue to an equally whinging milennial etc. Ocassionally this will be burst into moments of sheer horror as you are subjected to puerile stream of consciouness prose or worse still, remedial arts & craft work.  Does anybody in the really real world actually use messaging in this manner? Should I lie awake at night, worrying that they do?I couldnt play anymore than five minutes before the sound of the message notification constantly  buzzing made me flee in terror from this hipster hell. Does not bode well for paradoxs plans for the bloodlines franchiseAlso, for no logical reason, the damn thing is full screen."
,Recommended,565410,30605554,Posted: 18 March,all,Jonny Schnapsglas,"This is my second attempt at reviewing ""We Eat Blood And All Our Friends Are Dead"".I don't usually review games and my first attempt was admittedly pretty half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've played this game twice now and feel more qualified for a review.Anyway, this game is a sort of ""Choose your own adventure"" text game with a few illustrations thrown in.The Game is told entirely though the perspective of the protagonists smart phone messaging application. The Protagonist, Case, finds himself (or herself the player's gender is never revealed) turned into a vampire after a party. Nothing is explained to Case though, as his Creator disappears immediately after instructing him to leave the city. The game starts with the him on the run while slowly discovering the details of his new condition. Most of this is conveyed to the player via Case chatting with Izzy, his friend who was also turned vampire on the same party as Case.I was very sceptical about this format at first, but it works surprisingly well. The messages are written like you would expect people chatting over their phones to write, imprecise, colloquially and often orthographically incorrect - generally like people in distress and a hurry to convey information with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ digital smartphone keyboard would write.This imprecision in the writing makes sense and helps with the horror atmosphere of the game, as you're never quite sure how exactly everything happened and uncertainty paints more terrible pictures in your mind than a comprehensive description would. Unfortunately sometimes it was too imprecise and I couldn't figure out what was being said.The interactivity I rate as decent, it has one big branching path at the beginning and a few smaller options here and there as well as many bad ends. These bad ends are often hard to avoid, sometimes you're given small hints as to which option is the correct one and sometimes it depends on previous choices made, but a lot of the time It came down to trial and error for me. Overall you get to make more meaningful choices than in your average Telltale game - which isn't saying much but still.The game's biggest strength though, is it's atmosphere. It is uncomfortably dark and the writing does a good job at conjuring nightmarish imagery. The Illustrations are, like the writing, atmospheric and vague. The games very personal and ""down & dirty"" story is a very nice contrast to the 90's or almost 80's glam vampires involved in global conspiracies that you usually get with VtM.Unfortunately the game falls off a bit in the second part of the story. The Writing weakens, though the dialogue with the big bad guy at the end is a last highlight.Overall, while I enjoyed this game immensely, It is not a game for everyone. The game's format is clearly not going to be everyone's cup tea and in addition to that it is going to take many people out of their comfort zone with it's thematization of sexuality, violence and abuse. The creator of V:tM wrote in the core rules :""This game wasn't meant to be comfortable."" Well, WEBAAFAD certainly isn't."
76561198042429139,Recommended,565410,32006970,Posted: 27 May,all,madducky,"I really liked this game, it was dark and gritty and really set the scene for the upcoming One World of Darkness games. I've only played through We Eat Blood so far but I loved it, I thought it was a fascinating and engaging way of telling a horror story that really sucks you in and has inspired me to try my hand at running a WoD Vampire tabletop RPG of my own. Cool art and awesome writing (despite the spelling mistakes, which may have been intentional given the mobile phone text format of the game, but whatever) made for an engrossing and enjoyable experience of dark modern horror. It's simple but effective text based gameplay made it very quick and easy to pick up and play. I'm looking forward to trying the mage story, and especially looking forward to seeing what White Wolf publishes next after their purchase by another personal favourite game studio, Paradox Interactive. Overall I'd highly recommend this slick, stylish, horrific, brutal and intruiging game. Hopefully it will be the first of many to come in the new One World of Darkness!"
,Not Recommended,565410,33198030,Posted: 3 July,all,Naesinth,"I wanted to like these two little games so much. I LOVE World of Darkness and have for YEARS. However... Vampire was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get a grip on with all that annoying texting speak [btw, you can make a texting game that still looks like texting without it being a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to read, it has been done.]. I understand it was meant to look like people texting each other but wow... now I remember why I hate texting. And Mage... I just found it cliche and really made me want to roll my eyes with the irritating SJW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t riddled through out the whole story. I might have accepted it as humourous if it hadn't seemed so sincere in it's agenda.I really didn't mind all the dying that happened in Vampire... totally reminded me of pick your own adventure novels. It amused me. I think WoD could do so much better than this. The WoD novels that I used to read had amazing art and amazing stories and you guys could have done so much better."
,Recommended,565410,30157283,Posted: 24 February,all,The Deliverator,"WoD veteran here. I thought they were interesting, at least, although the authors seem to have a hard time keeping their political opinions from coloring the stories. Maybe this is just an attempt to seem hip and relevant and tie the fiction in with current events, but it comes across as a bit lame.That said, I don't regret dropping a tenner on this, but YMMV."
,Recommended,565410,29990885,Posted: 17 February,all,metis,"Have been playing WoD for more than 10 years, and this is the story that I've been waiting for. Deeply personal, leaving you on the edge of your seat, and well written- for old and new fans alike. You may be disappointed if you were looking for more than a (mostly) linear story, but it's worth the 10 bucks."
,Recommended,565410,29969207,Posted: 16 February,all,Darkwave💕,"I don't usually play interactive fiction games, but when I saw this released on Steam today I failed a self control check and bought it right away.So far I have only played around 50 minutes ofWe Eat Bloodbut I already love how twisted and absurd it is in the best traditions of White Wolf. The story and interactions between characters are presented in the form of text messages and the writers have done a good job of morphing the mundane into the monstrous. Accompanying the gameplay is a catalogue of surreal paintings that serve as both backdrop and props, and also a typicallyWorld of Darkness-esque soundtrack that keeps your head in the setting. I am looking forward to seeing how it all wraps up and also startingRefuge.I can't wait to see what else White Wolf have to offer us over the next couple of years. I know many of us are dying to see if a spiritual sequel toBloodlinesor theWorld of DarknessMMORPG see the light of day."
,Recommended,565410,29971248,Posted: 16 February,all,porchcat,"A fun two pack of interactive fictions games for a reasonable price. The art and sound design are stellar. Despite being bold and distinctive, the design in no way distracts from or interferes with the gameplay. I've dug deeper into the Vampire story than the Mage one. The writing is high quality and the narrative is very engaging. I also really love the cellphone interface conceit in the Vampire game. Whether you are a fan of choose your own adventure style interactive fiction or the World of Darkness, you'll most likely enjoy this bargain price 2 title set."
,Recommended,565410,30179450,Posted: 25 February,all,☭Chainsaw Sparkle☭,"First thing first: This is not a video game in the classic sense, it is an interactive story that uses visual and audio effects to add to the atmosphere. Second thing: If you are a conservitive or watch saargon of akkad, you will not like this game's point of view. Third, I ♥♥♥♥ing love this because I don't mind the occasional nazi being punched. This game sits well in the books written from world of darkness. I found myself sitting through and playing the entire game in one go, which will take longer than expected. Do you need to know the books to play? Hell no! They'll explain the odd bits they mention if they have to! So if you've ever been called an sjw, a liberal, or in general just find yourself leaning left prepare for an interesting story you'll hopefully enjoy.Disclaimer: I do not know the stuff going on with the writers personal matters, I have had a hard time finding any articals about it."
,Recommended,565410,30129865,Posted: 23 February,all,sonophax,"I wish I could choose an option somewhere between yes and no. This is a 5/10. Your mileage may drastically vary.Pros:*The art in the vampire game is modern, vibrant, and very abstract. I think the set-up of the cell phone is really aesthetically neat.*The writing in the mage game is really engaging! I actually felt like my choices and opinions mattered here, it was a really cool prelude.*I like both of the main characters for these games.Cons:*The vampire game is not a choose your own adventure. It just isn't. There are points where you have to go the route they want or you die and have to restart. It is very frustrating.My personal take:It included modern political commentary. A lot of people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it, but I liked it and thought it makes sense to explore those themes with a character you are supposed to believe is living in the here and now. I thought it was very grounding.Honestly, I'm not sure these should be marketed as games. These are semi-visual novels with some interactive elements. If I had realized this was basically just WoD fiction, I'm not sure I would have bought them. I love WoD, I love the roleplaying aspect of tabletop games, I love becoming immersed by getting into MY character's head... but these games aren't permissive enough for that. I wish I could speak more highly of this. I really did have things I liked about these stories.If you want a pair of origin stories for a modern, grounded-in-current-events vampire and mage, you will have fun with this! If you like reading WoD fiction, you'll enjoy this.If you want a roleplaying experience, this will sadly disappoint.My tentative 'yes' comes with my hopes for future roleplaying computer games. I have my fingers crossed for you, WW!"
,Recommended,565410,30208702,Posted: 26 February,all,Errrm A Salty Virgin,"This game is a type of 'chose your own adventure' it includes two stories which you can play out (This is an all text based game, however you can unlock differnt art/pictures thoughout playing, as well as listen to the music - which can change depending on the situation)I played though the vampire one and it manged to keep my interest, I liked acting out the struggles of the character and selecting what the character would do in this situation. It gave a real sense of 'the world isn't as it seems' the setting as most would expect from a vampire game could be considered dark.  But thats the reason we grew to love VTM right?Fans of the game VTMBL will notice some terms what are used such asThin Blood/sOver all I think its a good time killer, it doesn't take long to complete the game nor is it overly complex with its choices, I think some of the wording could be improved though so you're 100% clear on your choices and what you're selecting.Now talking to about the mage one, sadly I can't say much about this, It did not keep my interest in the slightest. It felt like a bad fan fiction. Admitingly I didn't get though that much of it, but what I did play though gave me reason enough to think of it like that. I may go back and try again at some point; maybe I have it wrong and the further you go the more darker themed it gets - which I could see as a high possiblity considering some of the things what was happening in the character country.With the mage one, I'm willing to replay it at some point if I get the time, but I'm not currently sure if I will follow though with that. If I do and change my mind - or even if it still feels like a fan fiction I may update on this review to reflect that.So do I recomend this:For this I think it depends on the person, I can't say you'll enjoy this if...Honestly for the price (£6.99 at the time) it isn't that bad - and thats from only playing though the vampire one. Maybe read up on it a little more see if it sounds appealing to you. I'm going to say yes on steam as I liked plaything though the vampire side of it - there also isn't a meh option. If you want to find out more to see if it is for you I bealive they have an offical site, a trailer and there will undoubtly be youtube videos on the game."
,Recommended,565410,31166157,Posted: 15 April,all,froggystain,"""We Eat Blood And All Our Friends Are Dead"" is sort of a choose your own adventure game in the form of exchanged texts and pictures. Very well written, fantastic music, and the art is surreal which adds to the grit and gore of the story. There's also small references thrown here and there for those who follow this franchise."
,Recommended,565410,33592215,Posted: 16 July,all,Hex Maniac Quinn,"This is a very tentatively positive review, in all honesty.I rather enjoyed the game for Vampire. Not only did I know of Vampire before, so there was less need for worldbuilding for me, but also the political messages weren't nearly as strong as with Mage. In vampire, you get a student in art school, a couple trans people, and one vampire who kills anyone she deems a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (including but not limited to people who voted for Trump in the American election - it was mentioned in passing, not focused on at all). In the end, if you're used to or enjoy text-based adventure stories, this was pretty good. I wanted more by the end. If you wanted another Bloodlines, though, you'll be vastly disappointed that you'll be playing through choices on your cell phone.However, the Mage story was so politically driven that it was jarring. Unlike Vampire where there are game overs, I believe  Mage truly is choose your own adventure. And while I consider myself rather liberal or left-leaning as a person, the story and your options make anyone to the right of radical feminist feel positively alienated. I guess by the end wanting better security for Sweden made me a bad person. I didn't much care for the magic-centered story either. All around, I don't recommend the Mage half of the story much at all, other than you already have it from buying Vampire, so why not explore what else you bought?Best case scenario, you recieve this as a gift or catch it during a sale of some kind. I found some good in Vampire and I didn't mind it being text-based. If anything I mentioned seems like a dealbreaker to you, then don't pick it up."
76561197974355391,Recommended,565410,29971635,Posted: 16 February,all,Elstren,"A short but enjoyable interractive fiction in the oWoD. Do not expect Bloodlines 2 in text format, but if you like Vampire the Masquerade and Mage the Ascension, go for it!"
76561197975500484,Recommended,565410,29979062,Posted: 16 February,all,VampirePaper,"TL;dr : good yes, game no, worth the time and money ? if you loved the vtmb atmosphere then YES.If you love the setting and reading then YES, but...but not a game, a short story where the wrong ""choice""  just kills you, in a fun way I grant you, but still deaddead is still dead and it got a little tiresome to relive the last few messages, sometime quite a few but nothing agonizing but -1 pointThe art is good, the writing is good, the format is a fun change, is this on mobile, I feel I should have had this on my phone and my phone in my pocket, while I was playing on my pc.The vampire story was two hours well spend, I don't know if it was ten $ well spend but I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about money so don't bother asking for a value assessment.To be honest it feels like four or five people having a roleplaying game while you relive their fun and humor, which is good but vicarious fun and humor is vicarious.I should replay the vampire part and play the Mage part. tenatively I recommend it for the right people,casuals GTFO reeeeeeeeeeeealso V.V. cameo, all sins redeemed."
76561198018781418,Recommended,565410,30083938,Posted: 21 February,all,leiberon,"An absolute delight! The art, the game design, the texts.I won""t review more, because no spoils!"
76561197966239551,Recommended,565410,30094727,Posted: 21 February,all,gublish,"It's text based and some people won't get past this - I don't blame them.BUT if that doesn't put you off, its great. The music combined with the art creates the perfect atmosphere (especially if you liked VTMasquerade), and with the story being told via a mobile phone you get choices and messages from new contacts which keeps things fresh - pacing is very good.The writing is believable and clever, at times funny. Enjoyed it far more than I thought I would for a text based game, ultimately the price is right for this."
76561197972503552,Recommended,565410,30133698,Posted: 23 February,all,Apocalyptic-Bob,"I cut my RPG teeth on The World of Darkness about the same time I dropped out of college and moved into a BDSM party house. I was really into the punk, goth, and rave scene. I have an English degree and adore weird games and stories.If you don't have a fair amount in common with me, this probably isn't a good purchase. These games are for the sort of fringe folk that World of Darkness was made by and for, and were developed with cell phone gaming in mind. They're text based stories that assume you're familiar with the source material."
76561198070606450,Recommended,565410,30516140,Posted: 14 March,all,"Dwight ""Big D"" Eisenhower","So after finishing both the Vampre & Mage storylines here is my review.What you will be getting:World of Darkness Preludes is basically a light novel set in the fictional World of Darkness universe where supernatural entities such as ""magic,"" the undead and various other strange phenomena take place in a world very similar to our own. There are forces in this universe that tries to keep the supernatural inncidents under wraps so that humanity will not know of it, either out of the supernaturals own protection or to keep the status quo of power in check.As I said before this game is basically a light novel, everything is text oriented and you just read the story as you progress. You will come by certain dialogue/action options that you have to choose in order to progress and finish the story - If you choose the wrong option your character will end up dead and you will have to restart at the last check point at your progress. There's no cutscenes, character creation or ""true"" role playing elements or interactive gameplay besides clicking on your dialouge/action in this game. So don't expect another Bloodlines or Redemption sort of deal.Pros-Solid story in my opinion. Interesting edgy, gothic themed horror writting that's sure to please a number of hardcore WoD fans.-Good amount of artwork, colorful, & flows well with the eyes.-Satisfactory soundtrack that stays true to the franchise.Cons-No real options that give you a say on how the story will progress; It's linear and the wrong option will simply get you killed. What's worse is that you will have no clue/indication of which is the bad option and you'll have to restart from your checkpoint, at times having to repeat stuff that you have already read.-I'm not sure if the price is justified for what you're getting, it's all just reading basically. I paid $9.99 for it, I think slashing it in half would make this a fair purchase.Another thing/Rant:A lot of people have been complaining that this game is too politically motivated.. and that there is some sort of ulterior agenda that the creators are trying to push on the WoD franchise. While the Mage game did deal with the Syrian Refugee crisis and there was a small part in Vampire of a Transgender Vampire who targets Trump supporters for their blood - The people who have been griefing over it have been overexaggerating. These sort of ""political"" machinations have always been apart of this franchise, Vampire has always dealt with real world issues and has always had that edgy gothic narrative that was meant to be ""in your face."" - To shock. In any case, these minor details in the story did not distract me from wanting to uncover what was going on with the story. Have we come to a point where we're so divisive and partisan on everything, that we have to shout ""Im triggered. This product is going against my views!"" - This is product is not going against anyone, it's just simply a story with real world elements and characters that have their own beliefs. They're not saying Trump sucks or that you have to agree with taking in refugees."
76561198122855096,Not Recommended,565410,30492543,Posted: 13 March,all,fahjr50,"Honestly I realy wanted to like this game but theres no real gameplay it's just a bunch of texting on a phone when you play, on the plus side steam gave me a full refund on my purchase, my hat go's off to steam support, great service.Perhaps there is more to it then I saw but it has to be far into the game.If you are thinking of getting it I would recomend watching a little youtube gameplay before you buy, I wish I did."
76561198015330538,Recommended,565410,32786663,Posted: 25 June,all,yagathai,"Some solid, original interactive fiction here.  Definitely worth the download. Even though the Vampire story was more on rails than the Mage story, the choices in Vampire felt more meaningful (even though they probably weren't).  I think the Mage story was a lot more game-ish and the Vampire story was more narrative."
76561197970548634,Recommended,565410,31978702,Posted: 26 May,all,Asyndyn,Both stories give good feelings for Vampire/Mage and WOD in general.
,Recommended,565410,31009972,Posted: 7 April,all,Spksh,Witty and weird.
,Recommended,565410,34128023,Posted: 9 August,all,mysoul,"If you like White Wolf and want something fun (and interactive) to read, then this one may be for you. However if you want a game, then this is pure disappointment.Pros: cool art, nice sounds, fun storiesCons: short content"
76561198085441094,Recommended,565410,30248278,Posted: 28 February,all,The Bird of Hermes,"It's a decent interactive fiction if you've been itching for some WoD. As long as you aren't triggered by transgender vampires and refugees, that is.I found the characters in the Vampire storyline to be annoying but that's probably because I'm too old to be hip with all of the degeneracy the kids are into these days. It wasn't a bad story; I just couldn't relate to it very well. Any mentions of politics seemed relevant and not forced in case you were wondering.I enjoyed the Mage story more even though it seemed to be shorter. If the refugee crisis triggers you then just remember that you can BTFO hippies and refugees by siding with the Technocracy. It wasn't a very fulfilling ending but the option is there. Political references here are again relevant given the setting of the story. I really don't see why so many people seem to be bent out of shape over the politics in this game. I voted Trump and I am by no means a Tumblr snowflake.So if you can enjoy a story for what it is without getting your panties in a twist over some identity politics then you may like this game. Ten dollars may be a bit high but there is replayability to the Mage story. The Vampire story seems to railroad you toward one conclusion. I'd wait for it to go on sale if you're not a WoD junkie."
76561197997437273,Recommended,565410,30266230,Posted: 1 March,all,swat6296,"I admit I have not yet played the ""mage"" part, but the ""vampire"" part is well worth the money asked alone.Yes, it is a simple interactive story (and the ""interactive"" part is actually somewhat sparse), yes, all you do is basically read and click ""next"", or choosing one of the options, or switching between screens. I do not deny that. But the presentation feels so simple and brilliant, that even playing this on my notebook looking at the phone in the cente of the screen I feel immersed into the dark and twisted narrative unfolding in front of me.I feel invested into it.If you are reading this, it most likely means you have played ""Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines"", so I will end this short review like this: if you ever wanted to return to that sweet world of nightmares and blood, this is the game for you.P.S. I am actually tempted to buy this game for my iphone as well, just for the sake of utter immetsion when I give it to someone else to play.P.P.S. Music in this game is amazing and beautiful, and suits the texts perfectly."
76561198020711875,Recommended,565410,30301280,Posted: 3 March,all,falkenberg.martin,I have only tried the vampire part so far and I really like it. It just brings across the right mood/ atmosphere.
76561198109036484,Recommended,565410,32060531,Posted: 30 May,all,Meph,"These are two old school pretty short gamebooks. The mechanic is limitated but solid, probably simply new to many Steam users and this is the only explanation I can give about this lot of negative reviews from people who were expecting a videogame. Because the adventures themselves are not bad and this is the point of my positive review: I had fun playing.For the old World of Darkness fan: ""We eat blood"" gave me a insight of the Sabbat which I, being an old time Camarilla fan, had always totally missed. In this it was really worth."
,Recommended,565410,30092503,Posted: 21 February,all,Usherisback,The options need to be more impactful but otherwise good (the house part was kinda annoying). Mage one was boring. Art /Visuals for Vampire was on point. Ignore the political and sexual circlejerk as well as Zak Smith controversy that people seem to make a big fuss over because you dont actually notice any of it unless you make a PURPOSEFUL attempt to find it. These criticisms reminds me of the people who send back food in McDonalds because their's sauce on the side of the box.
,Recommended,565410,30340431,Posted: 5 March,all,Interositor,"These are two short interactive fictions that effectively convey two different tones. In the Vampire story the viewpoint character is an American man newly created as a vampire as he flees on a bus from a party gone wrong, told through texting his friend Izzy. You discuss the morality of your need for blood and learn that your unlives are tied to one another and you're both in grave danger. In the Mage story you follow a young Swedish woman who, while volunteering in a refugee centre, experiences an awakening of magical powers alongside the appearance of several new figures who each want to influence the way you choose to use her magic.If you want to understand why the reviews are so mixed, firstly from a gamer's perspective I'll admit you should have certain expectations - they're fairly linear storytelling, particularly the Vampire portion. Like the old Fighting Fantasy gamebooks, you have to make certain choices to progress and many of the wrong choices lead to your character's death, and back to a checkpoint. These don't have any deeper game systems, they're stories with some little offshoots that loop back to the main storyline. I have played each only once so there may be more divergence from the story to uncover, it feels like there is, especially in the Mage portion.Vampire is told through messages on a smartphone screen (see screenshots), the Mage is a straightforward second-person prose story. The artwork has two different, chaotic looks and different artists for each story and contributes to the differing tone. The music in each manages to be comfortingly familar in feeling to VtM: Bloodlines while not sharing any artists. I think the art and music are very effective, though I'd have liked to have seen more images, more often. I assume limits of time and budget meant we got a fairly stripped back look. That said, what we have deepens the chaotic, uneasy World of Darkness setting and works well. The paintings in the Vampire game are often hard to decipher, but being disorienting is not the worst choice they might have made. I don't know the settings intimately, having read very little of the sourcebooks and only having played Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines, so this might well be a reinvention in some way. I recognised the Tremere clan at least, and the Vampire story shows a little of them as antagonists. We learn little about the other characters or their place in wider vampire society, so there's much left unexplored.To address the story content that seems to be at the heart of many of the mixed reviews: these directly take on the concerns of Millennial politics, and are very much of the contemporary setting. The Mage story revolves around the lives of those affected by the Syria refugee crisis, and I can offer two possible positions for why this is inappropriate. There are those who would say that horror stories shouldn't be political and those who would say that *this* horror story shouldn't be political. I'm more sympathetic to the latter, as it feels a little cynical to use a genuine, defining crisis of our time to frame a story that's essentially Doctor Strange but with sex magic. I don't know how much Mage as a setting relies on mortal concerns and the real world. After all, unlike Vampire, it does concern the living. It's clear from the Mage story here that it'll need a light touch to do this well. To address the other hot button in there: having a vampire character say they target Trump supporters could be upsetting, but people not liking Trump's movement (or even Hillary's) is a part of the culture and here is not central to the story, I'd argue that a setting where your allies kill people to eat their blood shouldn't make anyone feel great about what they're doing.Overall, this is an okay taste of what re-entering the World of Darkness could be like, If we take it as a prelude to what we'll be getting in future titles then I'm sure it'll develop into a more robust setting when taken to a conventional game. I'd like a story rich in conspiracy and power struggles, only hinted at here, in the way the best RPGs can have, and the way that VtM: Bloodlines supplied so ingeniously.  I found the presentation here absorbing and although the stories were pretty slight, they felt like a glimpse into something much deeper. With both endings being quite abrupt and particularly that of the Mage story leaving hanging threads concerning the other characters who had been vying to influence you, it's certainly not going to leave you entirely satisfied. For the price and the time it took I had an enjoyably uneasy few hours with them."
76561198048082985,Not Recommended,565410,30065563,Posted: 20 February,all,Karkat Vantas,"As a long time VTM player I really hate the direction in which the franchise is moving.I expected this to be something of a single-player introduction campaign for WoD, like 'Forged in fire' and the rest of the Chicago Chronicle, but instead I got a poorly written (stereotypical millennial style made me cringe so hard) stack of SJW propaganda filled dialogues.And I mean it. There is no character that's not exhibiting some kind of sexuality-based mental issue - including disgustingly normalized necrophilia (and no, I don't mean the 'animated' undead as in 'vampires' - one of the characters actually digs up the body of their husband and... ugh, plays around with it).As far as the setting is concerned, it's all meh. It just serves as a background to SJW issues.Also, all the 'choices' you make are rather meaningless since there's only one in each set of decisions that doesn't lead to your death (and even then, it's most often the least sensible choice that actually moves the plot forward)Oh, and also one of the most 'positive' characters zealously murders Trump voters.Purchase at your own risk of dying of cringe. I'm personally asking for a refund."
,Recommended,565410,29976064,Posted: 16 February,all,alexander_thesubpar,"As a long time fan of the setting , love this!The VampirePrelude, All our friends are dead, is a fantastic and unique intro to the setting from the prospctive of a freshly embraced neonate's phone. Paceing and fun dialouge keeps this from getting monotnous as you learn you way around unlife.The mage prelude, Refuge, is short and half of it is a slightly tangental political tract from the author, which could have been better implemented if we we shown, not told about it. And the strawman in the first act is a bit much. But the mage settings are still surreal and facinating, and it comes free with the more entertaining vampire prelude!Overall, as a WOD fanatic I strongly recomend it, and as a gamer I recomend it."
,Recommended,565410,30442093,Posted: 11 March,all,anchova.vivisecta,"Okay. So I've read a bunch of the negative reviews and a lot of it is kind of reaching. I played through the Vampire game only, as both Zak Smith and Sarah Horrocks are phenomenal artists and honestly I was looking forward to consuming media created by leftist punks, and in Sarah's case an ACTUAL TRANS WOMAN.The writing was phenomenal. Exactly the kind of wording that spits poetry and makes me think of reading through old VTM books as a fifteen year old school girl. It conjured up amazing imagery and really does an amazing caricature of Los Angeles/Hollywood. I was intensely pleased by the character interaction, and the sheer inhuman-ness of the vampires. Now, I've seen a lot of complaints on how political the discourse was but honestly? To assume that vampires wouldn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the politics of kine? Like that wouldn't effect the lives of kindred? I thought it was great to have characters that actually gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the state of things. Especially to have the trans porn actress actually have an opinion DELIGHTFULLY UNHEARD OF. Honestly it read a lot like how I would have written a game for my friends. Honest, uncomfortably sexual, violent and with little bits of vampiric insanity and poetry. And as a trans guy, it was nice to have my sisters get some recognition as the badasses they are. On that note, I would like to have seen more of Avery but it's possible that I accidentally wrote her off with my actions(I'll be playing again tho so we'll see)Also kudos for never revealing the main character's gender.As for the format and art? This is a type of game. If you have never played this kind of text game, it's different. You are following a script. It's not much of a choose your own adventure but you have to be prepared for that. I loved the art but I'm an art snob and didn't mind the abstraction?While I have some very minor problems with it, I can't say I didn't enjoy it. If you don't like poetic language and have triggers with violence and sexuality this game is not for you. But I would without a doubt recommend it."
,Recommended,565410,29985978,Posted: 17 February,all,Wyvern Ventrue,7/10. Interesting approach to a newly embraced kindred's life.Not bad for a $10 visual novel.
76561198007426493,Recommended,565410,30000767,Posted: 17 February,all,DGriffy,"A little more linear than I would generally like but well written. Entertaining if not very gamey.The vampire story in particular is excellently written, interesting characters, oozes tone and tension even with much of the action being described after the fact because it is told through text messages. The (very good) attempt the writer(s) made at emulating the way people text can make some messages a little difficult to undestand, but I think that is a worthwhile price for establishing its tone.The mage story is also well written, shorter and didn't quite pull me along as much as the vamp story did, but still good.The art and sound design are also good. Not always initially sure what the pictures in the vampire story are depicting, but they're very pretty."
76561198084935483,Recommended,565410,29988789,Posted: 17 February,all,iMSaiyan,"A interesting little game, it's basically a phone/text based game (choose your own adventure) with pictures as well. I'm about 30 or so minutes into it and it's pretty crazy, even though I'm not on drugs this game will make you feel like you are.Now I admit, I haven't played any of the past games so I can't compare it to that, so to me, it seems pretty good for someone who's playing this series for the first time. I heard the choices were pretty linear so that sucks if it's true but I'm enjoying the story thus far.There's a lot of ""read between the lines"" dialogue when you are playing the game and you can easily get lost/confused with the amount of different texts that you get but if you try to stay focused it can be pretty good. It makes you think, and it makes you say ""UH WHAT THE HELL?"" a lot of times. As far as how deep/good the story and plot goes I haven't played enough to tell but I don't think I'll be too disappointed as the game does throw a lot of curveballs at you.I read about choosing the wrong choices and dying then having to do the entire chapter over again...so I haven't ran into that yet so I can't say if I recommend or don't recommend it, but FOR NOW I do.You can check out my gameplay if you don't want to buy the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZDpw_10lws"
76561197995238262,Recommended,565410,30121894,Posted: 23 February,all,N20Joe,"Entertaining low budget WoD game told entirely through text messages.Edit: After playing the Mage half, the politics totally turned me off but I'd still recommend the Vampire half."
,Not Recommended,565410,29973574,Posted: 16 February,all,BlackDogBronx,"SO far, I'm enjoying this quite a bit. I would love to have some of these games release over the next few years to hold World of Darkness fans over until major AAA game releases.Writing is good, the art is decent, and the music is very WoD-like.Edited for futher review:So, the dialogue and writing went from being pretty decent, to absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing pretentious in one fell swoop. Like, I'm not sure if the writer is trying to sound like a fifteen year old jackass, but if so--he does it perfectly.I went from liking this and wanting to see where it would go, to hating playing even another minute of it as I dreaded seeing more of the pretentious dialogue. So, no. Do better, White Wolf."
,Recommended,565410,30073422,Posted: 20 February,all,Darx Blade,"lets start off with the most important part the bile concerning zak sabbath  false and made up by people who hated him from rpgnet and other people he rubbed up the wrong way disregard it they spread missinformation and hate  nothing morei will now go through a review of both of the games based on my first impressions and what i felt once the game had been completedwe eat BLOOD and all our freinds are DEAD : my first impressions of this game were strong the art was dark and dripping with atomosphere the music more so the first few minuites of the game were great drew me in and made me want more it felt like a vampire game and drew me back into the amazingly dismal universe of vampireonce id finished the game i wanted more hungry for more blood and where the story would go but no game is perfect so lets talk about what the game did bad first its a little liniear the story doesnt change all too much from the decisions tho there are one or two that do second the writeing in the second half was not as strong as the first nothing too bad but it did definatly feel a little weaker a common problem in most litrature  thrid somone of the text disregards your choices for exampled i remained curtious to a charicter throughout talking to then a few seconds later said something rude his response ""again rude"" seemed to disregard the fact but again minor concerns  in what is otherwise a great gamerefuge: id never played mage or anything to do with mage so this was a weak point for me but the use of magic in the game is fun and creative and it instantl;y drew me into the world  upon finishing the game i was curious and confused about parts falling to quiet being one  but overall impressed and willing to try the next game in the series (if one is released)in the end both these games inspired me only mored by the fake accusations and utter drivel excreated by the maligrant drab hypocritical oponnents of the writer i recommend you buy this game support white wolf and show some love to the poor co writer that was driven out of games creation by these repugnant fools who insist on spreading lies"
,Not Recommended,565410,32008609,Posted: 27 May,all,Veniceisnumberwaheeeen,"Warning: CONTAINS SPOILERS about the Vampire part. I wrote a review for one of my friends, enjoy:Bought their new game on steam, supposedly a preview of the new edition. Feels like I played Carl the Cuck and his ""transexual"" friends get turned by an ""ancient thinblood"", lmao, and he needs to slash people up so he can feed, no fangs, but once they're done monkeying around, literally, they go to some party that turns out to be a trap by the Tremere which want one of the cucks because she can laik ttly see t3h future, AND the thinbloods kill the Tremere regent, their ruler was out of town for some reason.It's all text, you can't change the outcome, no character development, no combat system. Just ""transexual"" vampires that hate Trump supporters.At least the story does make sense if you consider where the story takes place: LA, where a degenerate thinblood Anarch manages to ""breed"" with no control and also began to spread heretical teachings about God and Caine, enough to attract the attention of said Tremere which ofc kill the guy, I know, I just assumed its ""gender"".Said Anarch is the one that turned Carl the Cuck and his tranny friends.And after they kill the regent they become refugees because ofc they'll be hunted by the Tremere so they decide to take refuge in... wait for it... SWEDEN! :D :D :D :D :DTHE END!His reaction:LA again? It worked great for Bloodlines, but c'mon, be a lil' more imaginative, Cuck Wolves.Sweden, yes!"
76561198032777622,Recommended,565410,31733552,Posted: 13 May,all,Conquistadork,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oX1TKHVkqg
76561198028031849,Recommended,565410,29999475,Posted: 17 February,all,Kimi,"I loved the story, Very immersive. The cellphone concept is very well portrayed.Ambience music is perfect, even scary at times!, and the artwork is amazing.I'm already on my second ""playthrough""."
76561198119125900,Recommended,565410,29978242,Posted: 16 February,all,Señor Geraldo del Riviera,Started playing these because I couldn't get to sleep. It's now 6:30am and I have no regrets.10/10 made me really want to try playing a thin-blood in the pen and paper game. Please continue these.
,Recommended,565410,30016319,Posted: 18 February,all,Graywilde,"We Drink Blood is basically an interactive story. It is told entirely through text messages. To be honest, I saw it and bought it without thinking about what it might be soley because I loved Bloodlines. If you play Bloodlines, Requiem, or read any of the novels, they'll give you a better sense of the world the events in this are taking place. I would definitely recommend buying the mobile version, it is clearly designed for that. Playing it left me with longing for another Vampire RPG, but that seems like a far-flung dream given that White Wolf is just sort of getting on their feet now and games like Bloodlines require a lot of resources. It's worth the 5 bux if you're into it."
76561197985874338,Recommended,565410,30026238,Posted: 18 February,all,seebs,"I haven't looked at the Mage half, and don't care much. The writing in the Vampire story is *amazing*. (And if you don't recognize the name ""Sarah Horrocks"", go do some reading. She's excellent.) Linux port is sorta buggy -- runs CPU full speed all the time, brings CPU fans up, that's definitely a flaw.Good writing, good atmosphere. It's not trying to be a 40+ hour epic roleplaying experience, it's not there to be a complete guide to the setting, it's there to communicate the *feel* of the thing. Which it does, excellently.Warning: When I say it does a good job of communicating the *feel* of Vampire, I mean it's creepy and dark and not necessarily comfortable or pleasant all the time. If you hate horror, you might not like this. But I just really love the writing and art, so."
76561198027380781,Recommended,565410,29971480,Posted: 16 February,all,Joido Noah,"Amazing stuff! : ) You have to check it out! (Vampire at least, I hadn't chance to play Mage)"
76561198073356018,Not Recommended,565410,29996154,Posted: 17 February,all,nick,Meh...Deeply disappointing.  Railroaded choices and a dull.
,Recommended,565410,30014175,Posted: 18 February,all,Vafuder,Great to finaly see some digital world of darkness(WoD) content again! The story told in the game is done through simulated textmessages and after some getting used to feels really in line with the WoD setting.
76561198063245160,Recommended,565410,30029102,Posted: 19 February,all,illPosedProblem,"Vampire: The writing is amazing. Funny when it wants to, sexy when it wants to, and very creepy all throughout. Unforgiving, but easy to try another path. Feels very consequenc-y (that's not a word!).Mage: the writing is good, with some amazing bits. Far more serious than the vampire bit, but manages to do it well.If you love good writing in a game, you can buy it now.If you just enjoy good writing in a game, wait for a -25% or something, the game _is_ rather short."
76561198035772225,Not Recommended,565410,30069807,Posted: 20 February,all,DailiLama,Mostly just boring
76561198012666744,Recommended,565410,30029363,Posted: 19 February,all,Folke,"Played it, had fun, a bit railroady though."
76561198041080807,Not Recommended,565410,30073301,Posted: 20 February,all,someusername6,"I like what they attempted to do with this game.  I got it because of the Mage prelude;  it is interactive fiction, and it ties some old lore to current themes.  It has a good author for that game that did not get enough publicity, and should have been a big deal.Unfortunately this is attached to a Vampire game, written by a questionable author.  As in ""put in an expy of someone you hate and maybe harassed as a character in the game"" type of guy.   The author wasn't vetted propertly, the game wasn't advertised correctly, and on one side you have people complaining this is not a RPG FPS and they don't want a representation of the real world in their escapist fantasy, and on the other side you have people who care about politics and inclusivity and are repulsed by their author choice.No matter who you are, you can find something to dislike here.  I liked the Mage game, but I can't recommend this.  Just pass."
,Not Recommended,565410,30070318,Posted: 20 February,all,gothcatlady,"EDIT: Here's a tl;dr for y'all who don't want to read past the first sentence because I told people what your internet boyfriend did: Decent game, not good enough for me to separate art from artist. Do your own research, make your own conclusions. (And take ZS's♥♥♥♥♥♥outta ur mouth before you comment.)I wish I could recommend it, but I don't wanna support the work of a known cyber-stalker. I didn't play the Mage one so I sadly cannot comment on it, but the Vampire one isn't good enough to separate the art from the artist, imho. It's decent enough that if you don't care about ZS's reputation you'll probably enjoy it, though. I enjoyed the artwork and the overall design concept, as I'm a huge fan of this style of gameplay.I'd also wait for the price to go down, personally. I have been in love with the World of Darkness half my life and was eager to show my support financially, but $10 seemed a little steep for what I was getting if I wasn't already a big fan of the games."
,Not Recommended,565410,30365378,Posted: 6 March,all,necrotechnical,"I would not have paid for both if Mage were available alone, and I'm not exactly happy with the mage story. While I'm not against Visual Novels, the story wasn't my cup of tea, rubbed me the wrong way.The rapey nephandus wasn't unknown in Mage's world, but to have one so obviously go for the easy, obvious, shock-value path... is weak. Nephandi are supposed to be the ones you never expect to turn on you, never seeThe inclusion of changelings annoys me. This isn't supposed to be a changeling game.I dislike the positioning of the technocracy as a racist-backing segregationist faction - Like any organization, it has its' bad eggs, but the Technocratic Union is supposed to be Defending humanity - ALL of it - from magical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and mundane ignorance alike.After reading about the Vampire game's writers, I'm not even giving it the time of day. I'm unhappy my money has gone to Zak S. and my brief experience with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ introduction to V:tM leaves me in no mood to proceed. The graphics aren't good, the story... from what little I've seen, is not good, and at least one of the authors is a manipulative jerk.Don't waste your money. Buy yourself a copy of Bloodlines or a PDF the 20th anniversary of Vampire: The Masquerade or Mage: The Ascension instead."
,Not Recommended,565410,33880982,Posted: 29 July,all,LeKevoid,"Really hard for me to not recommend a game based on the OWoD universe.I thought I'd be playing a game, not reading a novel. The choices you make are few and far between, and they don't really make you feel like you have a lot of agency. And a few choices that are, all in all, reasonable, can lead to a pretty ridiculous demise. Unless there's something I don't get, the game offers no feed back as to how close you are to said demise. In fact, the visual cues start being more annoying than immersing after a while,I'd like the game to give players more choices, and give them more often. The concept is awesome, it can indeed be very immersive if the player felt more involved."
76561198318854342,Not Recommended,565410,35103013,Posted: 21 September,all,solsticewind,Horrible
,Not Recommended,565410,35073092,Posted: 19 September,all,iammax91,i paid for this game thought it would be somewhat like the real thing and no not at all wish i could get a refund
