user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,566780,30907550,Posted: 2 April,all,FireWaran,"Beats Fever has its moments when you hit the orbs and the sound is played syncronized.There are different difficulties, but you cannot choose the difficulty per songs.  It is either easy, medium or hard difficulty.Downside in the manual song creating is, there are not so much songs to be played, but thats not the bad one.It feels very strange with the controls to hit the beats, there is a ""wall"" to indicate when the ""perfect"" hit is made.This mechanic ruins the fun for me. It feels very indirect due to this. If you miss them or spotted them to late the just hit the wall and count as ""missed"".Further more you don't need to more, not really. I played some songs just waving with my hands.That's not what i was expecting from it.  The orbs do spawn on a short range which leads to unexpected orbs imho.And on top of this the graphic design in general was to much visual input for me, colors, objects and text in various colours.I am sorry but I can't recommend it."
76561198005146135,Recommended,566780,29213563,Posted: 12 January,all,krylke,This game is awsome! if u like games like audio shield u going to love this. =)
,Recommended,566780,29248205,Posted: 14 January,all,SpookyEnchiladas,"The game is visually pleasing and it offers a well curated, albiet small, set of tracks. The accuracy of the tracking is very good and those with certain martial arts skills may just get some practice ;-)Others have noted lag in higher particle scenes, but I haven't encountered that yet.Pros:- Accurate tracking- Better pacing than procedural rythym games (*cough* Audioshield)- Excellent visuals- Scoring system & achievementsCons:- Accidental music selection with off-hand- Small music selection*- Lag on certain scenes (I haven't experienced this yet)*They're doing a content update sometime in the future, no word on mod support though."
,Recommended,566780,29251631,Posted: 14 January,all,exadon,"Fantastic game for the price. Wish there was more songsProsAwesome environmentsGreat dance songsEasy to pick up and learnGreat priceConsLack of songsNormal and Hard songs are close in difficultyI am 32 and was a huge DDR player back in my late teens and early 20s. This game reminds me of that same feeling. I find the game MUCH easier than DDR but just as fun. The cityscape in Tokyo is my favorite!  I wish there was movements I had to do with my feet, but that's not so much the games fault as the lack of technology currently out.Overall great experience but really needs a bigger playlist. Still, for 11 bucks you can't really go wrong.Note: 20 tracks in total. Each song has only one diffusely level."
,Recommended,566780,29213695,Posted: 12 January,all,Syrsly,"A very polished VR-only rhythm game with some major flaws.Good game.  It has many flaws, but for now, it's one of the best VR rhythm games I've played.Good features:Snazzy UI with that classic stuck-in-a-computer feel, similar to Assassin's Creed's animus but not quite a rip-off of that.Easily distinguished controller model.  Easy to keep your controller in sight when there are many distractions.Note tracks are very accurate and make you feel like you're playing to the music.Some of the scenery is just beautiful and fun to look around at.Bad features:No quality settings, no settings at all, and the menu feels rather empty.  I would love to see an option to toggle fireworks and other stage effects to minimize frame drops.Accidentally choose tracks to play sometimes just because of my controller position.Some scenery can lag the game a lot, even after the many updates and bugfixes.  I prefer not to play on the fireworks scene because of this.  If the game had some quality reduction options, I would turn the fireworks/particles off temporarily for specific stages.  Some optimization would go a long way for this game!Music is limited to the dev's licensed music.  No custom tracks yet.  Granted, the chosen tracks are kinda nice, but I would like to see more songs with lyrics and more replay value.A couple tips for newbies:Pressing the Vive controller's menu button can pause the game! (Go.  Go potty.  Thank me later.)Holding the controller up to the ring/circle that indicates where an orb will be is considered acceptable but it will not give you the highest score possible.  To get frequent perfect combos, you have to actually hit the circles/orbs at the timing of the music.You can restart a song from the pause menu if you miss a note.  Take advantage of this feature as often as possible so you can get the highest rating, an S!AudioShield?  Is it better?Audioshield is very similar in a lot of ways, but it's also very different.  I recommend getting Audioshield for the custom songs and the variety of difficulty levels.  I recommend getting Beats Fever for the more polished presentation and admittedly easier overall difficulty.  Beats Fever gives you a wider variety of motions to do, leaving you with the opportunity to turn a song into a dance.Overall, Beats Fever is a lot of fun to play and looks gorgeous for VR.  For $14, it's a steal.  I hope they add in custom tracks in some way in the near future, but I love the game regardless of that missing feature.  If they ever add custom songs, I'll probably never stop playing Beats Fever."
,Recommended,566780,29257652,Posted: 14 January,all,Musica Senpai,"Amazing, just amazing, Im having the time of my life playing this, Im a fan of DDR and I can confidently say this replicates the feelings of beats per movement, the rush of the music, the amazing scenery, I really hope this takes off and goes big with more music options and difficulties, 100000/10 Would play forever."
,Recommended,566780,34985462,Posted: 15 September,all,FastLawyer,"I think people are putting negative reviews on this game because they misunderstand the different subtypes of music rhythm games that there are.  There are purely rhythm reflex games like OSU, there are rhythm games which make you feel like you are hitting a drum or playing an instrument in rhythm like Drum Hero or Rockband, there are rhythm games which are simulations like Rocksmith or Drummer Talent VR.  Finally, there's rhythm games like Soundboxing that are about getting a good workout to the beat of the music.  There's probably more types, but you get the idea.  Each rhythm game is going for something a little different.I would say Beats Fever falls in between the first two I mentioned.  It's not a purely rhythm game and it's not really trying to make you feel like you are playing an instrument.  And it's not a simulation or trying to give you a physical workout.However, what the game is doing is putting you in a position to feel the beat of the music without it being too much like banging on drums or banging on a virtual piano.  It's more of a mental workout to see the patterns emerging to the beat.  You start to feel the beat of the music simply by playing along to the audio and visual cues.  Music is sound waves and it is a visual mathematical formula where you can see patterns emerge.  Soon, I was seeing where the next beat would be.  I heard and saw the recurring patterns in the beat for each song and predicted where it would go next.  Not many rhythm games accomplish this.So, these in-game songs are probably nothing I would listen to outside of the game.  But within the game I appreciated the songs fully and it made playing the game that much more immersive and entertaining.  You're not just waving your hands, you're an active participant to the beat.  I strongly recommend this game.  If you love music.  If you love rhythm games that expand your appreciation of music then this is a must buy.Rating 8/10 (only knock it down because the licensed music is not as strong as it could be, I would love to play this game to some of my favorite songs, I'm all for DLC for popular music tracks)Online coop to this game would also be entertaining, imagine having to sync up with another person to get the beats correctly (they could play left hand and you could play right hand .. I think that'd be a lot of fun and a good test for friendship"
76561198032827131,Recommended,566780,29911441,Posted: 13 February,all,BulbaBlunt,"Beats Fever is a really fun VR rhythm game that differs enough from everything else on the market to be worth your attention. Rather than auto generated beatmaps, or community made ones, Beats Fever features 30 hand made beatmaps created by the dev themself.With 30 songs to play (5 added less than a week ago), in varying difficulties and genres, it took me just about 2 hours to play through all of them, then I spent another 40 minutes replaying songs to take #1 on the global leaderboard. Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be a song-by-song leaderboard, but instead a global leaderboard for your combined score on all songs. With the low playerbase currently, simply beating all songs with at least an A got me to 6th place.Currently there are 3 locations to play on, each corresponding to the genre of the song. Electronic songs place you on the rooftops of downtown Tokyo, rock songs have you overlooking the ""Christ the Redeemer"" statue in Rio, and jazzy, chill songs are played in Central London. The locations are look quite good, and get even more interesting once you build up combos. I won't spoil that, though."
,Recommended,566780,29300315,Posted: 16 January,all,Timmypowergamer,"Great little Rhythm game, with big potential for expansionBeats Fever is a VR-based rhythm game where you catch ""notes"" in time with the music with your Vive controllers as they fly toward you. It's not the type of rhythm game where you are playing the music, but rather it's more like a dance game. (I.e. missing notes has no effect on the music).I want to end the review on the high note that this game deserves, so let's start with the things that need improvement:The menu interface is awkward and clunky. It looks decent enough, but it relies totally on waving your controller through buttons floating in front of you, which is very prone to accidentally hitting the wrong thing. Touching a button instantly counts as a press, so there is no leeway for mistakes. Also, navingating the song list is a little odd, as it shows 10 songs at a time, and you have to change between 2 ""pages"" to see all of them. It's not too awful right now, but I can imagine it getting tedious as more songs get added.It's a little short on content (for now. Future content updated are planned). There are only 20 songs and you can play them all in under 2 hours. There are 3 ""stages"" to play on, but each one is tied to the song you are playing so there is no way to just pick your favorite. Hopefully more will be added in the future, and I would also love to see the ability to choose your own stage.It's not terribly challenging. Even on the most difficult songs I got an A rank on my first try. There doesn't seem to be much of a penalty for missing notes and there is no way to fail a song. (This may not be a bad point to some people, but I think it's worth noting). If you are the type that wants to be challenged to beat all the songs at the highest difficulty, then you will probably be disappointed with this.Speaking of difficulty: There are no difficulty options. Each song has only 1 note chart, so if there is a song you like but you think it's too easy (or too hard), you are out of luck. This is also supposed to be remedied in an update though.The good news is, most of that stuff doesn't matter much, because the actual gameplay isSO MUCH FUN!All of the songs fit well and are great to listen to. There is a decent range of musical styles, inlcuding Electronic, Rock, House, and Funk, and they all make you feel like dancing. Hitting the notes with your wand feels good and there is a bit of haptic feedback on the controller each time you hit one. The game is very colorful with effects flying everywhere, but the actual notes and controllers tend to stand out well. (There were a few instances where I lost some notes in the noise). I never had any problems with frame rate at any point, though I hear some people have had issues with certain stages. My hardware is pretty bare-bones for VR though (gtx-970), so it might be related to specific hardware more than just the power of it.The note charts are fun and interesting, and each song seems to have certain themes it sticks to, so it never feels like they were just randomly thrown together. Some of them also lend themselves very well to actual dancing if you put in the effort, and not just waving your arms around like an idiot all the time. I tend to freestyle a bit and end up spinning around and moving about the playspace as I play, but it's really up to you how you play. The game doesn't care which hand you use for each note, and as I said above, there is no real penalty for missing other than your score.There are a few features I would love to see added over time that could really make this one have legs. First and foremost would be Workshop support. Letting users create songs or note charts would add a lot of longevity to the game. If not, at least some steady content updates. Some added difficulty levels would be nice too, and maybe a challenge mode or something where you only get a certain number of misses.All said, Beats Fever holds up as a great rhythm game in general, and the fact that it is in VR is icing on the cake. If you like dancing games or rhythm games in general, it's definitely worth the price and I totally reccomend it."
76561198346302454,Recommended,566780,30829684,Posted: 30 March,all,fmfgaming24,"I just played 4 quick games and I have to say that this is definitely worth the $10 (or even worth it at $15).  It's like Audioshield, but with really good beatmapping.  Some songs/beatmaps pretty much forces you to dance and you get really into it.  Audioshield is a great game and you can play to your favorite songs which is cool, but the gameplay itself and the hitting on the beat is not as great.  I actually do like the songs on that they chose for this game.  Adding some mainstream/pop songs would be nice as well.  I do wish there was a way to play your song library or stream from Youtube, even if the mapping won't be as good but I don't know if the devs will do it (they explained they tried out some generating beatmaps to songs, but they didn't like it).Hard mode is pretty tough, though I can see people mastering those pretty quickly (if you memorize the moves).  The graphics are pretty good.  I like the Rio background and the fact that there are different backgrounds.My only complaint is that with the special effects, it's difficult to see the markers sometimes.Out of all the rhythm games (Audioshield, Soundboxing, Music Inside) I like this the most.  Soundboxing is close 2nd but it doesn't look as good, and Audioshield is 3rd because it looks good but the rhythm is off and the gameplay isn't as fun.  Music Inside I didn't like because it didnt have the haptic feedback on the controllers."
76561198345667092,Recommended,566780,31242077,Posted: 19 April,all,twisted_knight,"This is a great game for the Vive. The music selection is limited, but excellent. I find myself going back again and again to play my favourite tracks. I'm looking forward to even more DLC. The environments are not graphically amazing, but they are good. You feel like you're in a bit of a cartoon world from time to time, but that's easily forgotten when the music starts. The fireworks when you're doing well are excellent and only add to the experience.I have both this and Audio Shield. To be honest, I prefer this game. The notes are timed perfectly to the game, and it really feels like you're playing the music, not just whacking orbs out of the air. I felt like the composer, not just the player.At this price, I hightly recommend this game and its DLC."
,Recommended,566780,35012954,Posted: 16 September,all,ZiXT,"Pros:The hand-mapped patterns are more interesting than the algorithmically generated patterns of many similar gamesBeep Boop is teaching me how to do the robot as a side effect.Quick to get in and playing: the interface is minimally designed and doesn't rely on laser pointer selection.No annoying J-Pop filler just to add to the song count (I suppose this could be a con if you're into that type of thing... Just not my preference)Cons:Music selection is limited (though, there IS a free DLC at the time of this writing)Music is not AAA quality; no real ear worms among themOverall:There's enough selection to keep my attention for about 45 minutes at a time for 3.4 hours so far and I can see myself coming back to Beats Fever againRecommended: If rhythm games are your jam and you absolutely NEED big name music."
76561197989059409,Recommended,566780,35097944,Posted: 20 September,all,Keeleon,"So I used to play a lot of Dance Dance Revolution when I was younger, but since I was always a big guy the feet movements weren't as easy for me.  I could only get an A on 7 foot or below ;P  But then I found the Dance Maniaxgame(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dance_Maniax)in the arcade at the mall I worked at and fell in love.  My hand motion has always been better than my footwork.  I played this game on my lunch break every day, and ended up being the top 10 high scores all by myself.  I also ended up losing about 50lbs due to all of the excercise.I have beeen working to recreate that experience for the past 10 years.  I've even been looking for an affordable old arcade unit to put in my garage.  This game does that and so much more!  I look forward to trying to S every level on here, and hopefully get in better shape in the process!I realyl hope this isn't a one and done thing, and that you guys plan on releasing more songs, because I am afraid that I will get tired of the same songs over and over.  But for now this game is exactly what I have been looking for for years, and I'm just amazed that you managed to almost perfectly capture what I see in my head when I'm dancing!"
,Recommended,566780,29255899,Posted: 14 January,all,Lurkz,"Really good fun, 20 tracks to play with more coming!I've played a lot of Audioshield (24+ hours) and although this cannot play custom tracks (currently), the beatmaps in this game are great fun compared to the semi-random peak matches of Audioshield. It doesn't feel like you quite connect with the beats as much, but I think this is partly due to latency in my setup and a lack of visual feedback. I haven't played a huge amount yet, but the songs that I tried/previewed are mostly bouncy electro tracks - if you like that and you like rhythm games, you will enjoy this! :)"
76561198090039942,Recommended,566780,30490980,Posted: 13 March,all,AntoineR - Infiniverse,The game is really awesome. The songs are of great quality and are made by the team so the rythm will fit perfectly with the targets. The scenes (cities with a futuristic feeling) are beautiful. Great ui too. The highscores and leaderbords really push you to improve for each song.
,Recommended,566780,31347413,Posted: 24 April,all,Rofereox,Best rhythm game on Vive so far! Love it! :D
,Not Recommended,566780,34891608,Posted: 11 September,all,Zeks,Ultimately a meh game. Restricting beat points to a 2D plane was a very bad decision for a fully 3D game.
,Recommended,566780,29193549,Posted: 11 January,all,steven.wireless,best music VR game so far. Just bought it and worth every penny. Having lots of fun with Oculus Touch
,Not Recommended,566780,33803151,Posted: 26 July,all,kuksi,"Pros:+ nice stage design+ nice menu music+ the 'beats' match music well+ nice color and firework effects for combos+ visually appealing+ i enjoyed like 30-40% of the music+ 1 free dlcCons:- no support of own music- no youtube/8tracks/soundcloud etc support- even on 50% sale, its overpriced (in relation to quality time spent)- feels like music repeats itself- cant choose difficulty on favorite songs- its been like 3 months since last update- heavy controller-vibration on every single beat is kinda annoying- i was bored after 20-30min and didnt even sweat- so much potential to become next generation DanceDanceRevolution wasted"
,Not Recommended,566780,29827122,Posted: 10 February,all,explogeek,"Sadly this is unplayable for me. One huge advantage this game could have over the Audioshield is a top-notch music to notes sync. In my case, the beats are offset to music, so the only advantage is gone. Refunding.The other thing is, no SS options are available, the game looks a bit blurry for me."
,Recommended,566780,29333163,Posted: 18 January,all,SpidyTheWolfy,"A very Addicting game. Kinda like Audio Shield but different since you have to learn on were to hit, were audio shield you can go further ahead and still get them, were this you can but lose points for it.This game should also put in a warning for epilepsy FLASHING LIGHTS!!!! unless there is one when you instal it were I missed it. So far I been competing with another person for first... FLASHING LIGHTS... and second place.p.s. I get distracted by flashing lights because I love them. (as my friends have a mini rave in the background behind me as I can't see anything)As the game just came out not to long ago there is still a few things that needs improvement. Like the home screen, I click on a song then swipe to play and hit something else and glitches the game out. Were I have to restart the game. (takes like 3 seconds to start up anyways).I do recommend getting this game, Even tho I will be in the top at all times."
76561198040839761,Recommended,566780,33212779,Posted: 3 July,all,Rhaegos83,"pretty awesome game, you cant help but dance to the beat, this is one of those games that i will show ppl that come over to try VR"
,Recommended,566780,35191319,Posted: 24 September,all,iCantwait,"I'm a big fan of music/beats games. Comparing to Audiosheild, Beats Fever feels smoother and better graphics. Very satisfying hits feedback. Biggest difference is Beats Fever supports fixed songs (40 songs) and do not support customrized song maps for new songs. Audioshield plays from any YouTube songs and automatcially generates hit maps.Still, I think this is an awesome VR game and worth playing for sure. $15 is very fair comparing to other VR games. It's a no brainier if it's on sale. 4/5 stars.Have 1 big bug though:With Rift, when there both controllers are hit, there might not be any vibration. So often it makes me felt like I missed the beat. No issues with Vive.Owns both Vive & Rfit. Prefers to play on Rift."
