user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,566860,34370350,Posted: 20 August,all,@Dicky Spanish,"OK I have had this game for a long time, played once thought it was ok and then never got round to playing again. For what reason I don't know, honestly I have a lot of games and I think I just forgot about it. Recently someone asked me what I thought of it, I replied I couldn't really remember it and will try it again and see.Thank God I did, this is a pretty good Dungeon crawler and very underrated game. Why more people are not playing this I don't know as it is one of the better games for the Vive out there. It can be dark, forbidding and really give you a chill if playing alone but the game comes alive with co-op.There are multiple weapons with levels, costumes, upgrades on abilities and the ability to become the type of fighter you want to be. Mage, warrior, archer or just a plain old Ye Olde Rambo. The battles can be hectic or attack from afar, the dungeons change and you're always on the lookout for gold or weapons.I don't know why I have not played this more but it is in my top ten Vive games now and will be playing much more. Trouble sometimes buying a lot of games you don't give some a real chance and miss out on a good game now and then.Recommend if you liked Vanishing realms or like to play dungeon crawlers on a monitor, really is amazing how far we have come. Remember playing Diablo and thinking it would be great to be in the game, well now we can."
76561198019046685,Recommended,566860,35056958,Posted: 18 September,all,Hooded Crow,"Narrator mocks me for entering a dungeon without weapons, locks the door when I try to return to get them and explains that he wants to see me fail first."
,Recommended,566860,34114204,Posted: 8 August,all,The McLovinMuffin,"This is one of, if not THE best VR game currently out. It already has so much content. Lots of weapons and classes, allowing various ways to play. Procedurally generated dungeons, allowing for unique experiences for each dungeon run. I'm not that great with reviews so im just gonna leave some side notes here.-So many different rooms to explore.-A good varity of enemies so far, including mini bosses.-A nice, creepy atmosphere to keep you on your toes.-Co op, you can play with friends or stangers!-Loot. Either upgrades weapons you already have or unlockes new ones for you.-Just a ton of fun."
76561198142819669,Recommended,566860,31355575,Posted: 25 April,all,plano,"VR Dungeon Knight is a fantasy, dungeon crawler with randomly-generated dungeons, that are procedurally generated, contain loot at the end of each dungeon. This is an early access game, so expect some rough edges.Disclaimer: not tested yet: final dungeon and online coop mode(Conclusion/TL;DR at the bottom of the review)Early Access: Feedback and UpdatesOne of the most important thing for me personally in any early access game is how much involved the developer is. Already early on the developer has been responding to feedback and actually has pushed an update to fix a few bugs + changed some stuff after some feedback within LESS than 24 hours after release. This is a very good sign and how early access should be done.VisualsThis game has quite nice graphics for a one-man show. The environments look good, the dungeons are very atmospheric. The dungeons are dark and require you to carry a lantern with you which makes you anticipate threats waiting in the dark for you. One of the better looking VR indie games out there.SoundFantastic sound, finally a game with some background music. The ambient SFX in the dungeons create a creepy atmosphere which helps to keep up the tension. On the other hand, when you get rewarded with chests at the end of each dungeon you get welcomed by cheery music that makes you feel like you deserved that loot.There is also some voice over which is done professionally with good audio quality. Something rarely seen in those 1-man developer games.GameplayThe game currently uses arm-swinger locomotion, however, the developer has already stated that he is going to implement other forms of locomotion as well, including teleportation and trackpad locomotion.You can equip several weapons and other items into your belt before delving into a dungeon. Right now there is a dagger, a sword, a shield, a lanterna and a bow available, with more weapons planned to get added in future updates. The game hints at a future armor and skill system as well.Right now there are 2 dungeon difficulty to choose from: passive and deadly. I recommend to start out with the deadly dungeons right away, as the passive dungeons seemingly lack enemies.Combat is pretty standard, similarly as seen in other non-physics based combat systems (think Karnage Chronicles, Swordmaster VR, Vanishing Realms and the ilk). Right now the combat isn't too exciting, however, the developer has already promised an overhaul.Chests are rewarded for each successful playthrough a dungeon and those upgrade your existing weapons or add a new one if you don't own an item already.There is a boss dungeon that you should only tackle once you're well equipped, though I haven't mustered myself to go into that one yet.Comparison to similar gamesLet's compare it to other games in the same genre:- Karnage Chronicles: while that game has fancier graphics, the combat system is equally in need of an overhaul which the developers of Karnage Chronicles are not that willing to do from reading their posts. Karnage Chronicles is also much more linear and limited in the amount of levels it has. If you like more impressive visuals, though, Karnage Chronicles may be a better choice. Otherwise Dungeon Knight VR seems to offer more replayability and longevity than Karnage Chronicles.- Vanishing Realms: THE best dungeon crawler for VR out there right now. This game doesn't beat it, though Vanishing Realm's biggest disadvantage is the short duration due to the handcrafted level. If you don't own Vanishing Realms yet, buy it. In the future with the promised combat Overhaul, Dungeon Knight VR may be able to win over Vanishing Realms.ConclusionWhile it has some aspects that definitely need improvement (e.g. the combat system), the existing framework looks good, feels polished and makes me excited for what comes next. It isn't winning over some other games in a similar genre, but can keep up with plenty of current releases.I recommend this game for anyone interested in fantasy games, dungeon crawlers and who are willing to support an early access game in its early stage. This is the phase where YOU can help to shape the game how you want it to be together with the developer.If anyone has question about the games I've missed to address in this review, please leave a comment!"
,Recommended,566860,34390897,Posted: 21 August,all,Arasine,"VR Dungeon Knight feels kind of like a  more developed and darker version of Vanishing realms.Pros:Its actually a game and feels like one (rather than the empty demo feel of most EA VR games at the moment).Procedural dungeons +++ replayability.Much darker than Vanishing realms, almost horror feel (I almost de-headsetted in the first dungeon ever due to the near pitch dark and strange sound effects!).Climbing works perfectly here on the vines and green matter. Currently used for just transport and rarely reaching a key. Miles of potential though!Multiplayer which is basic but does work.Graphics are perfect for this style. More realistic and it would scare the pants off most players.Voice actor is great. Very Dungeon Keeper!The Developer seems to reply to most comments on here!Cons:A little bit low on assets for the procedural dungeons (but new are being added ongoingly)Comical avatar walking graphics ! They look like someone with learning difficulties on bath salts. I do hope the Developer addresses this!Melee is quiky and feels unattached* (ranged and magic feels better)Overall, buy it of you like this style of game as its the best example of a dungeon craw for VR at the moment!"
76561197971407800,Recommended,566860,34100294,Posted: 8 August,all,Fillet,"I've been playing this game since the day it was released. It's had a steady stream of updates and has improved with every release.  It's more or less an atmospheric run based procedural rpg-lite. It has melee, ranged, and as of the last update, magic option, along with climbing, stealth, gear weight (still not sure what that does), and some really nice looking sets. Climbing up a vine to wait for an orc to walk under so you can drop on him with daggers is worth the price of admission on its own.In a braver than most move, the game gives the player a procedurally animated body that lurches around as you move through armswinger motion and real space. It's a little uncanny and makes me laugh.Thoughs from the last release  - Nice stuff. Love the way the player body animates. Dancing around in the hub had me thinking of this -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzJDimvPW1YThe torch is seeming very weak with how dark things are in some cells.Like the waves of orcs you get in some runs, gets the blood up a bit.Two handed weapons are a nice addition, and I like that you can get the occasional weapon in the middle of a run. Got what looked like a lightening spear on one run. Still haven't unlocked the spear in the armoury yet, so it's kind of like a preview.Ghosts are spooky.Pistols seem require the wrist to be angled a long way forward. I think it must be the same angle as the spells, but it doesn't feel natural in the case of a firearm.I like the spellbook dynamic, got the idea idea of how it worked right away. Spells seem a bit weakDon't think I've come across a miniboss yet. The bloody swinging blade traps killed me more than anything this evening"
,Recommended,566860,34596825,Posted: 29 August,all,Shadow,"VR Dungeon Knight is a multiplayer dungeon crawler that may just fill that void in your VR library.https://youtu.be/C7qKk5y8R9IThe good:Locomotion options! Struggle through the tutorial with arm swinger and you can open up Onward style trackpad locomotion. I love that we're given several options here I just wish it could be accessed sooner. I can definitely see people getting in, seeing arm swinger and teleport and asking for a refund. It's a very extremist subject.Full body avatars with decent IK! No more floating in space... It's not perfect but we haven't seen a perfect full body implementation yet so I don't hold that against them. At least they tried and they did a decent job.Loot! Looks like we'll be finding weapons in chests that we get from clearing dungeons and we'll be finding gold that we can use to unlock armor with very class specific bonuses such as improved sneaking or damage resist.Proceduraly generated dungeons keep each dive new and interesting. We also have dungeon difficulties; Normal and Nightmare. According to the bonus tracker at the end of the mission each floor has a sub boss to find and kill so exploration is rewarded.One of the things I've seen while playing after the initial gameplay video was that some of the randomly generated rooms are vertical. You'll walk into a room and will only be able to climb up to a hatch at the top of the room periodically needing to stop climbing and walk across a beam to start climbing on the other side. It was a nice rare experience.Some of my issues with the game:As I mentioned above. Being forced into arm swinger at the start of the game isn't the best idea IMO. Give us the option at the start of the game.Speaking of the start of the game, don't just dump us into a cinematic as soon as the game starts. Wait for some interaction on our part. This one is more a pet peeve for me as I think most people start the game with the HMD on already but still...While reviewing the footage, the music seems a little too Mad Hatter, bright and happy in the beginning that doesn't seem to mesh with the surroundings in some areas. I didn't really notice i in game though.While we're on audio... Some of the sound effects are much louder than they should be. Mostly around magic which I ended up not using much of in this video.It's going to be a bit grindy. You'll need to bring a friend to stave off some of that repetitious feeling. No friends? You better love the crawl as you'll find no story here to distract from the grind.Most importantly, there are some game breaking bugs. At the end of the video I fall off the bridge and needed to exit the game and restart the game. While in one of the dungeons I fell through the floor and nearly got stuck. These need to get fixed sooner rather than later.No quit button!Ultimately I'm somewhat neutral on the game but leaning towards a thumbs up in spite of some of its faults because I did enjoy myself in the end. I think the game will be more enjoyable with a friend but if you like dungeon crawling this should scratch that VR itch.I would love it if we could create our own dungeons and populate it with monsters we've defeated and have others play through our work. For some reason it just seems like it would fit here."
,Recommended,566860,34155374,Posted: 10 August,all,M0d3u5,"I just got my CV1 about a month ago and the first thing I did was download Vanishing Realms. As much as that experience blew me away, this trumped it in almost every way. That game felt like a demo, a good one mind you, but it still smacked of ""wouldn't this be cool if it were a real game?"" Dungeon Knight feels like a game. When I finish a dungeon I can't wait to dive back into the next one. I can't wait for there to be more pieces to the dungeon, maybe some puzzles or interactivity thrown in. If its there I haven't seen it yet, but I've only been through a dozen or so of the blue dungeons yet so I'm sure there is tons of content I haven't seen. The dev is also very active, but he expressed that he needs our support to keep momentum. That's partly why I want to write this review so that this great game keeps growing and getting better. Get out there and give it props! It deserves it. See you in the dark fellow knights."
,Recommended,566860,31782433,Posted: 15 May,all,Apollo,"This game is beyond fun and has so much potential. I am really looking forward to what this developer will add to this, plus they seem to update at least twice a month which for early access is always a good sign. I will highly recommend this to anyone who wants a good dungeon crawler in vr. Hopefully we can look forward to things such as random loot hidden in the levels not just at the end room. I love how some of the crawl spaces are so well hidden and you have to basically get on your stomach to traverse them, this immerses you completely going through a tight small tunnel to find this hidden key. I can wait for hopefully some cave levels to go through these hidden pathways. All in all the gameplay is definitely there and with some more content will easily be the best VR game out there right now.Bugs I have found so far:There are a couple of bugs I found that hopefully the dev will notice this review and fix.1. I found that you can equip the dagger in the right hand and still shoot the bow in the left, this kind of defeats the whole thing and makes you almost invinicible.2. I had a couple of times when I went through a door and would end up in the next room except outside the level and was unable to go inside the room, the only way to fix this was to go to the correct door and reach my hand through the level and pull the door handle.3. Not really a bug but an issue I had was the accuracy of the bow seems very off. I will shoot at something and it doesn't seem to go the right direction for me. Every time I try and suggest how to make a bow feel and shoot I always point people towards the game QuiVR because he has done it perfectly spot on.So far those are the issues I have come across and will update as they are fixed/find more.Suggestions:Hopefully this will be fixed in the future but the AI seems to be very dumb. I can full well shoot at someone in the head from about 10 feet away and they will not turn around or even recognize that they now have an arrow going through their head.Also that you don't have to only invite friends for co-op i'm sure this is just for the moment while you work out the kinks of co-op but just bringing it up in case you weren't planning on adding this. That being said if anyone wants to try co-op feel free to add me!Final notes that if you love dungeon crawler style games of walking through a dark corridor with nothing but a trusty lantern and your dagger/bow then I will recommend this game to you 110%, you will not be dissapointed. Keep up the awesome work dev look forward to the future with you."
76561197970302839,Recommended,566860,33410600,Posted: 9 July,all,Mrock004,"VR Dungeon Knight is simply a blast!  It feels very polished; especially for an early access game being developed by a single developer who, I might add, is very attentive to the suggestions of the players.+Solid graphics and great atmosphere+Several movement options+Procedurally generated dungeons+A climbing system+Good array of weapons both ranged and melee (single handed, duel wielded single handed, two handed)+Stealth damage bonuses+Melee combat and blocking (with shield or weapon, depending on your loadout)+Purchase different armor with gold collected in dungeons+XP systemConclusion: This is what VR is all about! Well worth the price! Highly recommended!"
76561198025287840,Recommended,566860,35078317,Posted: 19 September,all,Perron,"This game is a leader on making great use of the Vive. It's like a bunch of the other games combined into a dungeon crawler. The only game I have that makes me feel like I actually travel somewhere, instead of just taking elevators or standing in a roomscale area.Ranged combat: Bow, crossbows, pistols. Each has its own style but all are fun to use.Melee combat: One handed, two handed, shield, dual wield. Pick your poison and get up close and personal.Magic combat: Staff or spellbooks. These are fun but you need to use them wisely.Exploration: This one was the wildcard I didn't expect. Climb ivy up the walls and onto ceilings to find hidden gold or xp books. Find gold under tables and benches, behind bookcases and up on rafters. Use these to get a better position in a fight or avoid fights.Stealth: Also unexpected. It was so intuitive, just crouch and suddenly you're harder to spot. Sneak up on or sneak around enemies. Warning: crouching through an entire dungeon can be exhausting.Continued Support: I thought I was late to the party on this game, and yet as I opened the door to the next room I was shocked to find myself in a village instead of a dark corridor. Suddenly there was plenty of room for enemies to try and flank me, for me to sneak around patrols and for me to sprint from one enemy to the next, hacking away. Updates are still coming and they are pretty significant. The developer listens to the community and does great work.Conclusion: I think this game is well worth the money. I think this game is the standard others should be held up to. There is great use of the VR gear and there's a lot of stuff to keep you coming back for more. If you want an action rpg for the Vive, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,566860,34449594,Posted: 23 August,all,Gdrom,"Oh yes, this is the Dungeon crawler I was looking for. I've just played for 1 and a half hours and it blow my mind. Of course the game need some improvements but right now it is very playable and incredibly exciting. Creepy atmosphere with really nice music (very similar to Discworld game music), diferent types of weapons that make you play diferent styles, good close combat (althoug need improvements this aspect), nice cartoon graphics, althoug that the game is very dark, different ways to go sneaky to hunt the enemies, the climb system works very good and encourages the player to look for hiden places or secrets or treasures, there are a decent variety of rooms (the developer already announced that he is working on more rooms).The cons for me are:The close combat needs more work.There aren't puzzle rooms or at least I haven't seen any.The game is very dark and seems a waste to enjoy the design of some rooms, more torches would fix this cons.I haven't seen more loot than just gold or keys, the new weapons or upgrades are just available if you finish the dungeon.I have raised my character's level few times but I don't know how this affect my character (a bit more of info would be fine).I've seen just 3 different types of enemies, I supposed there are more but in 1 and a half hours of gameplay  I expected see more of them.I tried all the runs in hard mode and the dificulty seems just be a bunch of enemies attacking at the same time.After all these cons I still recomending the game, this game for me is the best game I ever tried in VR."
,Recommended,566860,34378981,Posted: 20 August,all,BigBettyBaggins,"I highly recommend this to anyone looking for more fun dungeon crawling in VR. While there isn't a ton of content so far, there are qute a few weaopns and upgrades. The procedural levels are reasonably varied, but there isn't an amazing amount.As for the mechanics, the are mostly all solid with the exception of the bow. It's not bad, but needs some polish. The arm swring locomotion feels exepctionally well done, and the climbing feels good. Fighting is fun and challenging in the harder dungeons.Atmosphere is good and spooky.Overall, a very solid title at $20. The budget conscious might want to wait for a sale or for more content(fingers crossed), but this is a very fun time if you are looking for more dungeon crawling fun for your VR collection."
76561198007272285,Recommended,566860,34137913,Posted: 9 August,all,StormwindViper,"BLUF:Is it fun?  Yes!Do I recommend it? Yes!I have to say I enjoy this title more than I thought I would initially; it an EA game of course, but it is already a lot of fun, scratches a number of VR itches that some other far more well funded games don't (replayability to a degree - the dungeons are semi procedural, so that does at least add some legs to the game), and a legit spooky atmosphere that helps with the immersion factor you want.Is it perfect?  No - but what is?Verdict: Easily worth $20 bones.  The dev is active on the threads and has added a good deal of content already.Support an indie dev and give this a shot; I haven't regretted a minute of it!"
,Recommended,566860,31777086,Posted: 15 May,all,Johnny5point6,"Played for a little while...and this is going to be awesome. The combat is a little slow (which is good, because I don't want to lose my mind in VR), and the very first encounter I had was glitching right into some dude. AND my ""body"" was really, really low. I am 6'4"" so it looked like I had a super long neck... But, the mechanics are surprisingly great. I love that you get a heads up when there are enemies nearby, and I love the mysterious blur of things in the distance. I think this will be a go-to for my much needed VR adventuring.The moving mechanics are really great. I wish other games implemented these kinds of ideas. I can move, while keeping my arms occupied, and still look around. AND I CAN WALK BACKWARDS WHILE AIMING! (Games like Island 359 don't let you do this, which means you always move TOWARDS your attackers). Anyway, I am really looking forward to where this will be going. Right now, the half hour I played, I can tell that this is going to be pretty special.UPDATE: I keep coming back to this game, and even daydream about it. It is the best version of locomotion out there in my opinion. Keep up the good work.UPDATE: Something changed in a recent update....or I have completely lost my mind. But the control isn't as precise as it used to be. Now, it seems the direction you move has more to do with the orientation of your head. So, the older control scheme seemed like you could have your body move in one direction, and your head could look all around. Now, when you touch forward, and swing your arms you move forward, and when you move your head in a different direction, you shift in that direction...instead of just maintaining the same vector. Surprisingly, this is almost breaking the locomotion mechanic to me. Because, I can't peak around a corner like I used to be able to...So...bummer...."
,Recommended,566860,34129553,Posted: 9 August,all,PackOWolves,"After only playing this game for a half hour, trembling as I began to walk through my first dungeon because of the atmosphere, I know that this game has tremendous potential. The combat is very up in your face, no mercy, so to speak, and I love every bit of it. Absolutely fantastic game, and a must have if you have a group of friends with VR headsets due to the co-op part of it :) My suggestion would be to allow players to make their own dungeons, whether that being in the steam workshop, or something in game, making the game feel like d&d on a new level, and would more than likely promote sales a bit.Other than that, keep up the great work :) I love seeing these types of game on steam, and so far, this game is right on par, if not better due to multiplayer and replayability, with Vanishing Realms."
,Recommended,566860,31924116,Posted: 23 May,all,Joofey Gooberson,"I don't have a crazy amount of hours specifically due to how intense the dungeons get. Imagine playing Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, mid game, where things are still cute but eerie and there is a sense to explore every crevice.VRIt does a pretty good job with implementing VR the way it meant to, there are multiple options for movement (Slide, Tele and Arm Swing) and though the scaling isn't 100% I feel it attributes to the art style. Any time you see vines, climb those ♥♥♥♥ers, more likely than not there is something to find. A small note to add, I really enjoyed that for some of the crawl spaces I had to literally crawl. The Sword and shield isn't something to write home about, it's there and it still feels cool but it's more of a damage->blood effect->block->repeat. Even though that simple I still get jumpy when facing off with a monster (not trying to spoil it)GENERATED DUNGEONSo yes, it won't be long until you realize a room pattern is familiar. The traps and monsters are changed up quite well so I'm more worried about what is around the corner than finding a new secret crawl space/vine to a secret room. The design of the dungeons themselves are quite dark and lonely and I think the dev did a great job of creating an atmosphere. You will be in dungeon instances and every door is a short transition to another dungeon system, not as smooth as I'd like, but there aren't any loading screens after getting in the game so I'll take the bad with the good. Lastly for people that are jump there is a way to change the intensity of the dungeon right before it spawns so that's nice.I haven't had the guts to fight the boss yet, scarry sounds man, scarry sounds.PLAYER CHARACTERYou have a body and arms... it's weird how this is something to rave about but this isn't implemented enough in VR (I bet that♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard). You unlock new weapons at the end of dungeons and it seems random. Any duplicate is a stat increase for that weapon so it doesn't feel like a waste. Apparently since the last update (happened a day after I bought it) you can get stats to change how your player operates and there are spell books. I'm not going to go into it though because I haven't experienced this yet.There is co-opBut there is no match making, convince a friend to buy it until there is match making.My verdict - For $15 this game is a great value, that's what I have paid for lame experiences. This game really surprised me with it's level of detail and the lack of short cuts the one man developer took. I'm going to keep coming back to this and I suggest if you're on the fence to relate this game to a Legend of Zelda Dungeon Generator with progression.. but in VR.I don't wanna be a hype train, but this game is pretty good guys."
,Recommended,566860,34319073,Posted: 17 August,all,PrinceEdwardIII,"Ignore all the other VR RPG games out there. This is the one to watch. Drop in- drop out coop, gear griding, randomized encounters, hella satisfying combat, parry and dodge mecahnics. spell slinging, pistol packing, archery, swords, creepy dungeons, well excuted platforming puzzles, if this game makes some decent money, its gonna be epic.The first few encounters with orcs is pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly terrifying though"
76561197990636511,Recommended,566860,34268512,Posted: 15 August,all,jeadhob,"I have purchased a few VR games and this one is one of the best I have played. It is better than almost anything else and for $20.00 you just gotta buy it. My friends and I are looking for another way to support this developer as it is worth it.  My favorite part is how when playing with a friend something jumped out... scrared the crap out of my friend... he yelled so loud that it scared me. I'm not big on getting scared in games, but it got my heart racing. I hope the developer is able to make this a full time gig and he keeps developing! Keep up the great work. This is a must buy for VR."
76561198092516072,Recommended,566860,34411825,Posted: 22 August,all,imjim,best game ever its the game i have been waiting for
76561198048164779,Recommended,566860,32033539,Posted: 28 May,all,GMBzilla,"DK is OK. Keeping in mind that it is EA.So right away I did wind up walking INTO a set of stairs (noclip). I did get out. Some of the doors that I went through when I got to the other side I was still facing the door (as if I went through and turned around to go back). It is repetitive. No much variety.  Not much challenge. Pretty graphics and some emersion. Early Access.You have 3 choices. Normal dungeon, Nightmare and the Necromance dungeon (The Boss). In the NORMAL dungeons I didn't encounter an enemy. I just had to explore dark hallways to find the dungeon heart and destroy it. And when you do find it there is NO opposition. You just walk up and hit it till it explodes and then you win that level. Ho hum.The Nightmare dungeons weren’t but they were fun. Combat has spongy looking enemies and it's somewhat easy.I liked climbing. You can climb the vines and get to places and find gold and keys. In the tutorial beginning you learn about climbing. Use it.I like games where I can explore and that is in this game. However, like I said, it gets repetitive fast. BUT I can see how that could get better.VRDK has potential. And soooo many of us have been waiting for a game like Vanishing Realms. This .... well... not yet.I like that This is NOT a WAVE game. You know, endless onslaughts of monsters from all directions and you have to kill them. No point. Just kill or be killed. Boring for me. DK is NOT a WAVE game. Good!I’m impressed that ONE person is the developer. Nice work so far. If I could rate this game from 1 to 5 it would be a 3 for now.My view may differ from yours. Peace."
,Recommended,566860,31378217,Posted: 26 April,all,SweViver,"VR Dungeon Knight is an entertaining, impressive and really promising Dungeon Crawler RPG in VR! Graphics are beautiful, the environments are vivid and atmospheric, and I was totally immersed playing it. With future updates, I'm pretty sure this could be a very popular release, just like Vanishing Realms. Check my first-look gameplay video to get an idea of what VR Dungeon Knight is all about.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JTVtHZnMPoTo sum it up so far:Pros:+ Great looking and polished graphics and environments+ Lovely and varying music in the background that gives you that cool ""Zelda-feeling""+ The voice-overs are like taken from a big movie - excellent work!+ I love the hand-swinging locomotion/movement. So much better than teleporting!+ Nice weapons and accurate aiming with the bow for example.+ The belt/holster can hold plenty of weapons, shield + oil lamp+ Randomly generated dungeons/levels - gives good replay-value+ Collectable chests with weapon upgrades and more+ Short but lovely tutorial in the beginning+ Room-scale works great, easy to sneak on opponents+ This game is made by ONE developer - truly impressive!+ Many updates are in the works, so I have big hopes for this game!+ Not bad price at all. Worth every penny even in this first release already!+ Nice performance, runs great on my PC+ Private online co-op multiplayer already available!Cons - and stuff I would like to see in future:- Music volume is sometimes too loud in some rooms, especially in the weapon-chamber- Still needs some updates for skills and armor ability (but that's apparently out soon)- More collectable items in the dungeons would be great- No Mixed Reality-support even though its Unity engine- The Passive dungeons seems kind of pointless, as only the Evil dungeons has enemies/monsters. Maybe I have missed something about this?All in all, a beautiful game with huge potential, and I really look forward to play it more and test out future updates. Huge thumbs up to the sole developer - keep it up!CheersSweViver"
,Recommended,566860,31348853,Posted: 24 April,all,shloo,"Just played about 4 dungeon runs on deadly.The look of the dungeons is awesome. I love how dark the hallways are  but as you walk down them, they illuminate so you aren't just wondering in complete darknessAtmosphere is awesome.Music is awesome. So many EA games do no even think about music but I found this music to set the tone nicelyThe game definitely delivers on randomized dungeons. You never know what will be behind the next door and I think when you add in traps, each room will be even more fun to explore.Contrary to others, I am digging arm swinger in this game. Its funny to try to back up in a fight and have to turn around and swing your arms furiously to get away. I definitely seem touch locomotion being something you will need to add in the future though.I don't understand the point of passive difficulty. Why would we want a dungeon we just walk through except maybe for testing purposes?I hope you add in a longer dungeon modifier. The current dungeons are too short.What does the blue effect mean when fighting a mob? Is that a successful block?Do I  need to be holding trigger with the sheild hand also?Combat needs work. Right now, the monsters (only seen melee orcs so far) just walk towards me and practically get inside my body. Meanwhile, I am just swinging as fast as a can trying to hit what I can't see (because they are no longer in front of me) and I just keep swinging until everything disappears. Try checking out Trickster. That dev has spent a lot of time trying to get melee combat right for his dungeon game. The mobs need to stay about 3 feet infront of the user at all times. Also, I find that melee combat in VR needs to be less about spaz swinging your controller and more about timed blocks with counters. Its ok for monsters to take swings slowly and telegraph what they are doing as it gives  the player time judge the situation and react. It is more fun when you beat an opponent that takes a level of skill above swinging your controller, especially when your game is based around killing enemies.All in all, lots of promise. The game feels polished and the core gameplay feels good. Can't wait to see where you are able to take this."
,Recommended,566860,34420001,Posted: 22 August,all,The Kilogram,"The game is alot of fun and the developer is very active in the communty, definantly worth the $20."
76561197982630533,Recommended,566860,35040072,Posted: 17 September,all,Stromko,"This is definitely one of the better VR experiences, with special props for being a bit open-ended and lengthy in scope, a quite uncommon trait for VR games. It's still a little rough around the edges, but I didn't feel like I was paying a big VR tax for what I got (20$ at the time of writing).I played this on Oculus Touch, entirely with teleportation locomotion and extensive use of snap-turning since I am not really set up for or comfortable with roomscale or smooth motion, but I still had a lot of immersive experiences. Trodding through a dark dungeon, looking out for loot and ambushing enemies, clambering up and around hanging vines (this type of motion didn't bother me), crouching  or (very rarely) going prone so I could transport through tight spaces, it gives a strong feeling of exploration.Some caveats is I would say people with mobility issues could have trouble exploring every nook and cranny of the game or to just sneak around (the dev has stated they are looking to implement crouch-height adjustment options), but mere lack of fitness is no obstacle. I'm in terrible shape, and though I struggled a bit with an optional sub-dungeon where going fully prone was necessary (made all the more difficult by my less-than-perfect sensor coverage near the floor) I was able to make it through nonetheless, and the regular procedurally-generated dungeons have never required anything more difficult than crouching.The difficulty curve can also be a little unpredictable. Some of the traps and terrain would be very difficult to traverse with 'arm swinger' or other smooth locomotion, but relatively easy with careful use of teleportation. Melee enemies are generally very easy except for one particularly stealthy / quick type, while ranged enemies are very deadly especially for the unprepared.I haven't made time to play any VR games in a few weeks so I haven't tried the latest build that came out Sept 15th (I don't make much time to game at all these days), but VR Dungeon Knight is one of the titles I'd like to make more time for. They've added more rooms to explore and more gear to unlock, both things I would consider to be valuable content. Variety is already a strongpoint for this game compared to other VR titles.I notice a lot in a lot of VR games, people have quite short hours played, and I'm definitely part of that trend. Sometimes it is due to a lack of longevity in gameplay, but I think with this game it's a factor of how the VR experience is processed. Something about it being a bit new, and also a bit strenuous, is that short play sessions feel longer and more satisfying than the kind of games I'm used to. I can hit the 5 hour mark in a traditional CRPG easily even if I'm not enjoying it, I can hit the double digits with no sweat in a strategy game I don't care for, but somehow with a VR title I love I'll play maybe an hour a day and feel that's quite sufficient. It also feels like a bigger commitment of energy and enthusiasm just getting in the mindset of booting up an active VR experience, which is probably why I've spent so little time in Robo Recall, Star Trek: Bridge Crew, H3VR, etc, even though my experience in those games and this one are definitely positive. It just isn't consumed the same way."
76561197992732525,Recommended,566860,35069269,Posted: 19 September,all,Tactical,"Wow! This is the best VR game purchase yet. I've been playing with a friend and we laugh all the way through the violence. He plays as a mage and I as a warrior, its a good team dynamic. But you can play as a rouge or archer as well. Each class has ingame currency buy-able armor. You can also put level-up attribute points into your class (i.e. Strength for warrior). 6 hours in and we still have not yet found the Black-market vendor... but we continue our quest!"
76561197960470302,Recommended,566860,35092734,Posted: 20 September,all,Dreamfather,"Very fun game!  I prefer the trackpad movement, but it's nice to have all the locomotion options.Multiplayer with a friend or random player is fun. :)Suggestions for the devs:-In the main area, I want to be able to mix potions from that potion rack.  They could have all kinds of effects like nightvision, levitation, sense nearby enemies, restore health/mana, buffs.-I'll add more as I think of them!"
,Recommended,566860,34387180,Posted: 20 August,all,Osmodias,"Not bad!, has alot of potential, i like that there is some character progression and different weapons/magic."
76561197970850979,Recommended,566860,34876725,Posted: 10 September,all,Decker,Love it :) I really like the arm swing locomotion.
76561198282009608,Recommended,566860,34448953,Posted: 23 August,all,LordFartgravy,"This is the second review of a game that I have ever done, this game is FANTASTIC been playing with my friend for a few weeks and the only thing that I would like to see is more customisation of wepons, IE diffrent effects like fire enchament, ectthis game is the type of game worth buying a vr set, with a few additions, like more randomized loot and crafting I dont think I would ever take this off my head great job and keep up the good work!!!!!"
76561198075955345,Recommended,566860,34102504,Posted: 8 August,all,Puma,Great game already with really active development. Highly recommend!
,Recommended,566860,34218389,Posted: 13 August,all,The Briarfox,"TL;DREarly access done right, VR done right, and just a great damn game that knows what it's trying to be and is doing that right too. No VR Tax here. Double the content of most VR titles at half the price. And it keeps getting better.--------I've tried to start this review half a dozen times, and none of those times did it feel like I was doing it due justice.First, I was going to talk about how, despite being in early access, there is more meat to this game then any number of completed, even ""AAA"" titles. And more is added all the time.Then, I was going to talk about how, despite obviously being a one man show, the developer is one of if not THE most responsive folks I've ever seen on Steam. When he says he wants to know what YOU want in a game, he isn't lying. I don't think there's a single thread in the discussions that he hasn't commented on or replied to, from support to suggestions. This game has every type of locomotion I was aware of, and some I had never seen before, and almost all because someone was like ""Hey man, could you add x type of movement?"". The dev would say ""I'll look into it"", and sure enough, next patch, it'd be in there.Then I tried to talk about the craftsmanship of this title, and how every corner of this world is oozing with flavor and attention to detail. Is it super high rez 8x Anti-alias'd ray shaded bleeding edge textures and malarky like that? No, far from, but it isn't slapped together either. It's obvious the developer takes the time to do the absolute best he can with every asset before it winds up in the game, and the whole thing just looks great.THEN I tried to start with the depth of this thing, and how such a simple concept turns into such a deep well of gameplay. Weapon options, class choices, play-styles, procedural generation....this thing has it all in spades.And there is so much more here than advertised. I got through my first map (an absolutely delightful experience that had me ducking, crawling, shooting, thowing lightning, climbing walls, walking a balance beam and more, so you'll obviously want to have access to room scale for this) and I turned around in the completion review room to see that I had missed a whole host of challenges and apparently an entire bonus mini-boss....stuff I had no idea this game even had!Especially now that this has Occulus support, there's no reason not to grab this game. And as great as it is now, it's only going to get better. Early access done right, VR done right, and just a great damn game that knows what it's trying to be and is doing that right too.For 20 bucks, this game is a steal. No VR tax here, boys and girls. This thing is half the price yet has double the content of most VR titles out there."
,Recommended,566860,34382735,Posted: 20 August,all,Abra,"I have been waiting for a game with LOOT, coop play, procedural dungeons, classes, magic, melee, xp, gold, skill points. This has those things. You just don't find many games with progression systems in vr. Maybe sairento, but the levels are simply arenas. This game seems like all the right pieces are in place to move forward. The lighting in this game is really nice. Also has trackpad touch motion if you don't want to teleport. Really like where this is going. I'd like to see the melee be a bit more gratifying but it's ok for."
76561198007663277,Recommended,566860,34376282,Posted: 20 August,all,Jewel_Runner_VR,Brilliant game! Very excited to see how far the dev can take it! Highly recommend
76561198301417309,Recommended,566860,31691093,Posted: 11 May,all,Melfalik,"Fun ea dungeon crawler. It's got loot, co-op, and multiple forms of locomotion. It's off to a good start and the dev has been really active so far. I love the online tavern idea. Great place to meet up with others who play the game, and the chest that spawns gets even my anti social butt into the bar. Easy thumbs up."
,Recommended,566860,31383978,Posted: 26 April,all,Droost,"The atmosphere of this game is amazing. This is the best Procedurally generated dungeon crawler for VR I've seen - The environments are fantastic; climbing, stairs, large rooms, etc.  I even found myself going prone on the floor to crawl through a small drainage duct to get to another part of the dungeon. Combat is still being worked out, but this is the most responsive developer I've ever seen. He is actively engaged in the discussion forums and hot fixing suggestions. This is what Early Access is supposed to be. Support your dev, to get the game you want."
,Recommended,566860,34072375,Posted: 6 August,all,WhoaItsRich,"So. this game is incredible, the movement is still a little wonky, but I was actually scared to walk around these dungeons. but so much fun! Can't wait for future dev!!!!!!"
76561197988089003,Recommended,566860,31551964,Posted: 4 May,all,DMelT,I think this game has so much potential.  It should come with a warning though because this game nails the creepy factor. Imgaine walking through dimly lit dungeon hallways where anything can be lurking in the shadows.  This isn't one of those poorly lit hard to see games either. The lighting and atmosphere is perfectly executed and its ounds like the audio has been expertly done as well because there is all kinds of creepy abience that basically just puts you on edge the entire time.There are a couple things that need improvement like storig weapons butthe developer has communicated that that is all coming shortly in the next update.  The combat isn't easy either especially if you choose the higher difficulty setting.  On easy mode the battles are few and far between though so you spend a lot more time getting creeped out than battling.  On hard mode I die rather quickly.I also have requested for the developer to add more locomotion methods as I'm not a huge fan of armswinger locomotion so if that gets added I will be truly sold. But for now after you get used to it you can get around just fine with arm swinger I'm just not a fan of swinging my arms when I walk.
76561198104480054,Recommended,566860,34400350,Posted: 21 August,all,Such Wow,Excellent dungeon crawler.  Lighting is awesome and the loot boxes and level up feature is so cool.  I think perhaps if you die in a dungeon you should respawn with the gear you had equipped when you died.  That would be awesome.  The enemies and climb mechanics are pretty impressive.  This may take a good amount of my vr time now.  Latency might need to be improved a little I do get some motion sickness and I have used VR for hundreds of hours so I cant spend too much time in this game.  Overall 9/10 VR experience would recommend.
76561198061690430,Recommended,566860,34400454,Posted: 21 August,all,jackdolan2011,best co-op vr dungeon crawler
76561198088851233,Recommended,566860,34382935,Posted: 20 August,all,Vq.| Kronk,"This game is great fun, really!on your own this is a great game a little spooky but not too much soWitha a friend however this is probably the best vr game out there its really great fun and a great buy especially for only 20$"
76561198115716715,Recommended,566860,34419737,Posted: 22 August,all,Herr Krampus,"This is a game full of potential,  has a dev who actually cares about the game, and the dev is quick and responsive with updates. If you are looking for a VR dungeon crawler to play by yourself or with friends this is a great choice. Has a few bugs and hilarious gliches but the game is always updating. Beware if you play alone it will spook your socks off, I need to wear a man diaper to play this game by myself"
76561198025173596,Recommended,566860,32433329,Posted: 15 June,all,Kelten,"Having played quite a few dungeon crawls in vr, I havre to say that this one of the better ones you can find.I love the system of crawling, searching for gold, and avoiding traps, burning my way thew the enemies with a magic staff, or filling them with arrows before finishing them of with a sword.Sadly the battle system isent realy my favorit, would have prefered something more simular to GORN ´s battle system, with bendy weapons, as the one now mostly consists of wild flailing threw the enemies body with random blocks ones you get into the close encounters.A bit more variation within the dungeon as well would be nice, but i guess that is coming?All in all I highly recommend this game. Looking forwward to the uppcomming multioplayer version."
76561198315725959,Recommended,566860,32465363,Posted: 15 June,all,Gamer1,Well done !!!!!!Excited for the full game
76561198061935744,Recommended,566860,34265588,Posted: 15 August,all,Mr.Derp,great game but it is terfying either becus of the enmeys sneak up on you or you can see ther glow in the darkness and it is the only thing you see (aka either enmes need to be re desined or the game needs to be briter}
76561198339447393,Recommended,566860,34440528,Posted: 23 August,all,F1r3_Sn1p3r CS.MONEY,The BEST vr early access game out right now.
,Recommended,566860,34643388,Posted: 31 August,all,UnbelievaBee,"this game is amazing!yes, there are a few issues and bugs, but the dev (just one person) is working on them and in touch with the community. you can play with a good range of weapons, meele and ranged and the possibility to play coop with friends makes this game a gem. in the beginning it is a little bit hard to understand some gameplaymechanics, but the community is friendly and very helpful.i would recommend this game to every player that likes vr meele combat. definitely worth the money!"
76561198405793464,Recommended,566860,34850884,Posted: 9 September,all,darthvadr1,"worth every penny, this game is amazing . I really hope for more content and updates. this if it continues could be the VR version of diablo."
,Recommended,566860,34892500,Posted: 11 September,all,Solrac Invictus,"UPDATEDI find it hard to believe that this game does not have 1000 positive reviews yet.  It is already a wonderful dungeon crawler and the developers are very active and engaged on making it even better.  This is by far the most immersive and best game I have played so far with my HTC Vive! If you liked Vanishing Realms and visit their store page from time to time hoping for a new chapter, then this game is for you.  So far, I have only played a couple of regular dungeons and I have not tried co-op yet though the graphics are quite good and if they were any more realistic, it might become too scary, because actually can get scary crawling and climbing through these dungeons in the dark.  The weapons work well and the spell casting system is easy to use.  You have tons of melee and ranged options from carrying two pirate pistols to crossbows, bow and arrow, swords, maces, shields etc.  While at the beggining the Warrior class and meele seems like the easiest way to complete a dugeon, I personally prefer the ranger and the bow works great and causes a whole lot of damage.Pros:Ever changing and challenging dungeons to exploreThe climbing system to get over obstacles is extremely well doneGraphicsSound quality and voice overAmbianceChoice of Locomotion – onward format, arm swinging, teleportWeapon placement has been improved and not clunky any moreCons/suggestions:In the multiplayer room, allowing one to keep the pre-configured weapons while waiting and practicing on the spawns.The grip for the shoulder if the area that counts as one grabbing (for example an arrow) could be widened it would be great.  In the heat of battle it is hard sometimes to accurately grad one."
,Recommended,566860,34026140,Posted: 4 August,all,KinKade,"After i figured out that i set my room VR up wrong, this game went from frustrating to amazing.  Ensure you have your system setup right otherwise you wil have issues opening doors and picking up items.  Developer responds to his community and the game is overall fantastic!"
76561197971300306,Recommended,566860,34250672,Posted: 15 August,all,Dork Wizard,"From the birth of video games in the 70’s, a time when RPG’s were mostly played on pen and paper in the realm of imagination, gamers have had a dream, nay, a vision, of a future when gamers could don their armor, memorize their spells, and delve into a dungeon together with friends, in virtual reality.Today, gamers, rejoice in rapture, for the long awaited promise of the future has arrived. It is truly a glorious age to be an RPG gamer, for today, you can enter virtual reality with your friends and delve the depths of fully realized dungeons with traps, monsters and secret areas to explore. VR Dungeon Knight, after so many years, has taken up the banner and answered the call to provide gamers the experience that so many have sought for so long.Ladies and gentlemen, the Multiplayer VR dungeon crawl is here. Buy it or miss out on a transformational title in gaming.Disclaimer: It is an early access, first (modern) gen VR game, which shows a lot of promise but still has a few things to work out and develop. That said, it seems to be the most legit and fun game of its type on Steam. It isn’t Skyrim in VR, but adds things to the VR experience that makes it well worth a try. It’s currently only 2 person MP. If you can accept the in-development status, see the promise of future development, and the above paragraph resonates with you, then this game is absolutely a must have."
76561198006690931,Recommended,566860,34267460,Posted: 15 August,all,JTrill_TRAPGOD,"It has bugs in co-op and some general bugs. However, if you don't mind having to reboot the game a few times in a good 1-2 hour session it really is a fantastic game.The dev is pretty responsive and you can look in the discussions he basically tries to address every concern or feedback in some way.If you have a friend that buys this it really is a blast. There is a real sense of progression to unlock all the weapons, level up for new attributes, find and save gold to buy ""classes"" (suits of armor with pretty good special abilities).I really really enjoy it. Sometimes spells are super fun, bow and arrow sneak attacks, dagger sneak attacks.... Having to actually duck and prone under some obstacles or to get gold. Crawling around with ivy. Poke enemies with your spear or smack em around with your great sword. Just fun stuff!It most reminds me of a less polished Vanishing Realms with procedural generated dungeons that you can co-op with a friend in. It's just so much fun to joke around and wail on enemies together or sneak attack enemies while ducking behind cover together, etc.The combat is simplistic at the moment, but single player is pretty challenging since some rooms can have like 3-6 enemies with ranged attacks or melee attacks that can be difficult to parry and dodge if you are careless.I really can't wait for more content from the developer.TLDR - If you liked Vanishing Realms and have a friend or don't mind playing with random people it really is quite a blast in co-op. Single-player can be fun too since it really is quite creepy and you can basically play several different ways with the weapons and armor you choose."
,Recommended,566860,34420638,Posted: 22 August,all,Killzbro,Alot of content and exploring for early accsess. A must play
76561198094390057,Recommended,566860,34425957,Posted: 22 August,all,Owler11,"I have to say, I don't review many games, but this one deserves a good one. I know it is always iffy to spend money on early access games, but I believe the developer is doing this the right way. I really want to see this game succeed.First, he is extremely active on the forums, and seem very open to ideas and feedback. In what little time I've had it, I've already seen 2 updates implementing commonly requested features or fixes.Second, the game has a good, simple foundation that makes it fun to play. Randomized dungeons, and a variety of weapons that feel great to use. There are multiple options for movement (teleport or free running), not to mention crawling and climbing.There are a few cons of course. It can be a bit tough to pick some objects up when the environment gets in the way. And while the dark dungeons are suspenseful, I wouldn't mind a few well lit sections to appreciate the scenery better.All in all its an easy recommendation. If you enjoy dungeon crawls, or RPGs, go for it. You won't regret it.Oh and it runs perfectly for me. I'm playing on an Oculus Rift, i7-4790k, GTX 980, and an SSD."
76561198116365894,Recommended,566860,34448568,Posted: 23 August,all,Rip GG,"This game is hands down amazing.It is full to the brim with content, ensuring countless hours of replay value. The online matchmaking co op elevates it to new hights because exploring dungeons with a partner is twice as fun.  I load up the game, enter the online mode, and within a minute me and another player are off navigating a dungeon.The game feels complete, tidy and polished despite being an Early Access title."
76561198151628649,Recommended,566860,34718140,Posted: 3 September,all,leadblood,"I just picked up VR a few weeks ago and i have to say that this is one of my favorite games to date. The best part is that the Dev (there is only one) is active and seems to have genuine interest in improving the game and listening to our feedback. If you want a fun dungeon crawler you can play with friends, this is it!"
76561197970824155,Recommended,566860,34962898,Posted: 14 September,all,Skandrannon2015,My wife and I purched 2 HTC Vives about 36hrs after seeing live gameplay =)Pros-Its an absolute blast to play with a friend in co-op-The levels are randomly generated (plus more are being made every day)-Spooky atmosphere-A neat leveling system with classes you unlock-ConsNeeds some polish but its an alpha *shrug*Yes I very much recomend this title and it just keeps getting better plus the devs pay attention to the players! =)Win win.
76561197989820916,Recommended,566860,34982999,Posted: 15 September,all,r0cca.be,"We have pavlor VR, the counterstrike for VR.We have onward, the COD for VR.We have To the Top and SuperHot, awesomeness for VR.Now we finally have a fifth game that belongs in my personal top5.Dungeon knight, is diablo3, for VR.Didnt expect much of it, the fact that it supports online play was the selling point for me compared to other dungeon crawlers.And, it paid off. Dungeons are fun, polished, addictive (10 hours played in 2 days), free movement, top notch weapon play, lots of weapons, lots of classes (mage-warrior-hunter-rogue- you name it). Lots of customisation (you can basically be a sword / shield warrior with a couple of pistols as backup, You name it.Looking for a diablo3/PoE- like dungeon crawler for VR? wait no more, doubt no more, you are going to enjoy this."
76561198036613855,Recommended,566860,35124102,Posted: 22 September,all,Arugula 420,"Never written a review before. This game deserves it more than any other. First off if you're interested don't even think about it just buy the game. It's amazing. This game is made by a single man who is so dedicated and listens and respond to all of his fans. He's too good for this world, and his creation is honestly my favorite vr experience so far. Finally there is a game that enables me to live my childhood dreams of delving into dungeons reminiscent of my favorite game growing up: Oblivion. 10/10. Can't wait to see this game grow and evolve. Can't recommend it enough to lovers of the genre."
76561197988314532,Recommended,566860,35435409,Posted: 2 October,all,Resonaire,"Love this game, yes its still in development, and yes theres bugs and crashes, but god dang, the ambience, the suspense as your exploring these dark dungeons, the variety of weapons you can discover, boss fights, creepy and scary moments, just freakin awesome!... and to absolutly top it off, co op. nough said. highly recommended."
76561198351683567,Recommended,566860,33793262,Posted: 25 July,all,Rollin1023,"This is a wonderful game,I's still in its early production stages (yet has already come a long way). So you will get to see the game lay out and evolve right before your eyes.. and I can guarentee you, this is one that you want to be a part of, as it grows.Very nice game, all around:* The control set up is great (especially once you tweak it to just use track pad once you're allowed to go into options).* The visual graphics are pretty nice, exactly what you want from a game like this.* The combat system, and varriety of weapons and grear is spot on.. (Swords [duel wieldable], Shields, Bow, Magic staff, flint lock pistols, spears, and more..  Along with a wide array of armor sets to chose form, with different buffs,* Easy and Hard difficulties (for younger players, or players who dont have alot of time to complete a full hard dungeon).This game has it all.I truly do reccomend it for anyone, or all ages, if you enjoy anything Medieval related.So gear up, and get ready to be thrown into dark and creepy dungoens with many obsticals to overcome..Do you have what it takes to be the next hero in the world of Dungeon Knight? :P"
76561197991269066,Recommended,566860,33971799,Posted: 2 August,all,Maglot,"I got this game because I really enjoyed Vanishing Realms and wanted another dungeon crawler to try out. It's actually pretty darn good at what it does, and one of the only games I've played that renders your entire body instead of floating hands. The graphics are on-point and the game offers a lot of variety in weapons and classes with this latest update. I love climbing the vines to reach high areas and find loot. Enemy battles are a little stilted, but it does the job. If I have any complaint, it's little things that'll most likely be fixed in future updates. For instance, going through a door doesn't always have you facing away from the door when you enter the next room, and it can be a little disorenting. While I like the walk mechanic (swing your arms as if you're walking to move forward) I would much prefer just pressing the touchpad to move automatically. Overall, I do recommend this."
76561198071561933,Recommended,566860,34137333,Posted: 9 August,all,The Purple Host,"Seriously, the best dungeon crawler VR game out right now. Possibly the best VR game out right now period. The exploration and co-op make this game so fun to play. The movement is like Gorn, where you swing your arms to move. And this is perhaps the first VR game where you actually have a body, and are not just floating hands. You should buy this game, seriously. It's underrated, and it needs more of a playerbase."
,Recommended,566860,34314274,Posted: 17 August,all,Dwight Frightening,"So far, a fantastic early access title. Developer responds constantly to feedback and I have a (refreshlingly) good feeling about the future of this game. Only lacking a community (wink wink)"
76561198405828307,Recommended,566860,34468592,Posted: 24 August,all,OneEyedHodor,This is the best Dungeon thump out there for VR. the gameplay is so original and immersive you will feel the chills run down your spine when a ghost is near. the Dungeons are always new and the more you finish the harder they get. I have tried a lot of games out there and this one stands out to me as something specail. the developer has clearly put a lot of love and thought in to this game and I look forward to see whats next. Oh and don't forget about its one of a kind co-op! Sneaking up on a patrol of Orcs for a backstab is twice as fun when your buddy has them lined up for the perfect bow shot!! seriously everyone should own this game.
,Recommended,566860,34426369,Posted: 22 August,all,Rayle,"A very fun VR dungeon crawling experience! Dungeons are randominzed and get harder each time you win. Dev is passionate and constantly updates the game. Give it a shot! For $20, you've got nothing to  lose! Also, has the best implementation of movement in a VR game that is not teleportation. Feels very convinving to move around. Keep up the great work!"
76561197968983798,Recommended,566860,34471265,Posted: 24 August,all,Kwillan15,"This is the best adventure game I have played for VR yet. Already played hours doing co-op and it is so much fun. I've noticed a few bugs but that is to be expected in an early access game, there seems to be a lot of content already but can't wait for more!"
76561198112749358,Recommended,566860,34606559,Posted: 30 August,all,andrew.marmaduke,"Great game with the vive:* The arm swing motion is a real great development i hope to see more people use it. You do have to get used to it, but once you do it's really immersive.* The climbing is great fun. I like how much of the game is how you move to get past traps, get to the next door* Side buttons on the vive controller are equip buttons, I missed this completely when i started so was really confused.* Love the dual levelling system (items/characters) good driving force for the game, makes you want to keep laying.* Much of the fun is never knowing what you're going to experience when you open the next door.* Really hard working developer who clearly has a passion for his productDeffinitely worth paying for,  and it is a great one for having friends round for, watching them crawl around the floor and seeing what they come up against.Two suggestions:* Weapon scaling possibly needs to be bigger for sword and shield, might be worth looking at Ranger VR, which has similar weapons, but have a larger scale, which makes for a more rewarding fighting experience.* The dungeons seem really dark on the monitor which effects people watching it, (your eyes grow accustomed in VR it's neat) though this might be solved by the 'fairy' update that the developer is planning."
76561197972915600,Recommended,566860,34891934,Posted: 11 September,all,aWildCzechAppears,"TL;DR: This game is looking like a hidden gem and I would love to see more players.I have only played this game a short time and crashed after about 80 minutes; however, that is about the only con so far.  The locomotion in this game is great and has yet to cause any motion sickness.  There are already a few different types of weapons such as swords, bows, spellbooks, and a gun.  The dungeons are more-or-less linear hallways at the moment, but the developer is about to drop an update that adds large rooms with alternate paths for ambusing mobs or sneaking around them.  In summation I feel like you should not pass up this game for $10-$15, and even at the full price of $20 it's probably still good enough to buy for a lot of people.  I think more of ya'll should give it a shot!"
76561197981812273,Recommended,566860,34975558,Posted: 15 September,all,[OBSI] Rathe,I was skeptical about how a VR dungeon crawler would work at first.  It is exactly the experience you want.  It is extremely easy to connect with a friend and run through the dungeons.What this game needs is more areas with a bit more variance which is exactly what the creator is working on.  This game is good now and is heading in the right direction for its future.
76561198044854459,Recommended,566860,35192163,Posted: 24 September,all,Chompy Wompkins,"This game is a must-have for anyone that enjoys fantasy-themed adventures. There is plenty of content for VR that focuses on gun combat, so this really stands out as a sword & sorcery experience. This game is scarier than you'd think. The cartton style would make you think that you won't be nervous playing it, but peeking around dark corners listening for that skeleton that you know will end you is truly an experience. Being able to climb certain surfaces adds to the sense of adventure, too.There are still some immersion breaking features. You can still just flail your arms in what I call the ""blender on a stick"" strategy, and the enemy's AI is pretty simple. Once one spots you, every baddy in the room comes down on you. It turns into a cycle of getting seen, and holding your ground for five minutes while everything runs into your spazzy spear.Plus the game generates arms and a body for you as opposed to just floating hands, which is very nice.Overall, this game feels like a very fleshed-out demo for something amazing. I think that VR Dungeon Knight is paving the way for how adventure games are going to be played in VR."
,Recommended,566860,35399044,Posted: 1 October,all,MedievalSwagger,"I absolutely love this game. Best Movement system ever. The swinging axe traps can be very unforgiving, especially when you encounter 4 of them for the first room of the dungeon."
,Recommended,566860,35418947,Posted: 2 October,all,Jamison Wolf,"Bad for your knees (Best for stealth-kills).Bad for your ego (You get beat'n to death -a- lot)Bad for your spouse (Either you hit her accidently or you don't see her anymore)10/10, don't miss my spouse. ;)"
76561198027141263,Recommended,566860,33726955,Posted: 22 July,all,PHILLDOZER,a very fun coop vr game with lots of potental. the dev seems very motivated to deliver and good vr experience.
,Recommended,566860,34421177,Posted: 22 August,all,Skull,This game is phenomenally fun.   I highly recommend it.
76561198006942995,Recommended,566860,34437650,Posted: 23 August,all,Kptkrunch,"I just got the Rift and have been looking for an RPG that lets me really participate in a dungeon crawl.  I have played a few of the games similar to this, but this one feels the closest to what I wanted.  The load times are great, the graphics for the dungeons are appealing, and the weapons all feel good (especially the bow, you have to draw arrows from the quiver...very cool).  For only 1 person developing this game I am amazed at how well made it is.  I encourage all RPG fans to to pick this game up."
76561198105520342,Recommended,566860,34448031,Posted: 23 August,all,Vonkers,By far the best dungeon crawler you can play right now it's super addicting. I have been searching for a game like this for a really long time. So if your looking for a good dungeon game you can spend hours on or in this game is definitly for you.
,Recommended,566860,34648415,Posted: 31 August,all,uberdanielable,"Yes! With VR, I've been trying to get my fantasy fix, but nothing would really do it for me. But this game surpassed all expectations and is definitely worth your time if you have even a passing interest in fantasy dungeon crawlers! It's combat is smooth, locomotion is really fun, framerate is solid, and the dungeons have a very nice variety. The weapon system is fantastic as well. I love having my equipment all at my hips. 10/10! No game is perfect, but this game absolutely excels in all the areas it applies itself."
76561197985565817,Recommended,566860,34672832,Posted: 1 September,all,Widower,This game makes you realise what VR can do! For me and my friend it reminded us of the first time we ever played an MMO (Ultima Online) and how we where blown away.For me VR Dungeon Knight will be remembered as paving the way for many VR games to come.I can't sing it's praises enough!Jamma
76561198058602281,Recommended,566860,35024921,Posted: 17 September,all,Controversy,"I really like it.  The controls took a bit to get used to.The combat is a little too easy/simplistic, but overall I enjoy crawling through the dungeons."
76561197970271284,Recommended,566860,34117325,Posted: 8 August,all,cirlin,"This is a really satisfying Dungeon Crawler. Lots of choices for weapons and playstyles. I really like the climbing mechanic too. There are several locomotion options. I like all of them, though I think I'll stick with the freemovement without the armswing. I like the arm swing, but don't quite have the space for it without getting the safety box showing up all the time. Also moving while crouching is easier. That's just my preference though.I hope we get a bit more variety in some of the dungeon layouts in the future, but I'm still reay enjoying whats there."
,Recommended,566860,34309092,Posted: 17 August,all,MireMare,"Highly recommend this game, first time I played I found somebody online in co-op immediately and had a blast playing the game together for the next two hours. Excellent atmosphere, unique stealth mode, super dark corridors, great battles and a real sense of exploration with an always present sense of danger. Lots of content to unlock and discover, I found a ton of stuff during my first play, the person I played with had played any times before and was still discovering new content. Extra points for making me crawl completely flat on the floor to sneak through a small cave opening!"
76561198069333156,Recommended,566860,34430787,Posted: 22 August,all,Finji,my fav VR game yet super fun and spooky!
76561198370919846,Recommended,566860,34804649,Posted: 7 September,all,3.14,"I purchased the game about 2 hours ago with my friend, we both play on HTC Vive.The tutorial starts out from the very beginning, its entertaining and gives you a feel for how the rest of the game will be formatted.  The default movement requires you to swing your arms like you are walking or running, at first I wasn't sure about it, but after a few swings I realized how natural it felt. (I generally prefer locomotion over teleportation)The combat is lacking in fluidity, but its obvious that the combat will be great in the future due to the parry and dodge features. The difference in weapon selection really makes the combat dynamic and feel like a real adventure.  The weapon belt is a little intrusive, though it works quite well with the quiver since you can grab an arrow without even looking down.Although the rooms and hallways are somewhat limited, you enter from different places and for the first few hours its hardly even noticable. Another thing that I am sure will be expanded.The low variances in enemies was expected, but what I think the game could ultimately see as a striving endeavor is a stronger difference in enemy models, behaviors, and attacks.Overall the game is great and well worth the money any day. I would like to remind you I was playing co-op the entire time and the best moments were with our weapons sheathed and crawling through tiny tunnels."
,Recommended,566860,34970614,Posted: 15 September,all,FireWaran,"I was asked if i had  this game to try out the co-op part of the game.So i decided to get and it and for worst case i can give it back.I really was surprised how good the game is. It really made a lot of fun.Unfortunately i am not in the mood to play it right now, but thats not the games fault.It has a lot of movement options so you probably find one that fits your favor.The game itself is a ""crawler"" meaning you play it over and over again to improve your gear and your skill.You need to duck, crawl, climp and even jump. Regarding that you should bring some space depending on your height :PI recommend it, it is a very interessting game and i look forward to play it more."
76561197962155125,Recommended,566860,34491504,Posted: 25 August,all,Stim,"PLAY THIS GAMEI was amazed to learn that this game is developed by one dude.  I was so impressed I'm writing a review.  I never write reviews.As far as VR games go, this is a great one.  One of the only VR games that has me daydreaming about playing it while I'm at work.Spooky dungeons, good ambient sounds and combat music, A STEALTH MECHANIC (rad!), and a relatively fun loot system.  The monsters look cool, too.  Seeing an orc's glowing eyes and hearing the heavy footsteps in in the pitch black dark of the dungeon as he shambles towards me gives me a thrill every time.Weapon System - You have to load yourself out in the weapon room before every dungeon.  This is to avoid multiplayer bugs, but I actually LIKE having to arm myself before each run.  Adds a little immersion.  I believe an automatic loudout system is planned for the future.   Various ranged, melee and magic weapons are available to unlock.  All fun to use, imho.  VR Lantern Knight ftwLoot System - You can find gold in the dungeons, which you can purchase new armor with.  The armor looks cool when you wear it and gives you bonuses based on stealth, magic, archery, and damage reduction. At the end of each dungeon you get a set amount of treasure chests (with possibility of a bonus) that give you weapons as well as level upgrades for those weapons.  Overall pretty rewarding, but it would be cool to be able to find treasure chests on the ground in dungeons as well.Fighting System - Pretty good fighting, but things can get a little weird in close quarters.  Sometimes if I was too close to a monster, my swings wouldn't register until I backed up a bit.  Nothing gamebreaking at all, you just gotta get used to the optimal fighting distance at first.   Fun sword/shield combat.   The monsters don't seem to swing their weapons the same way every time.  I don't know if this is good coding or what, but if I just hold my shield in one general place, they eventually swing around it and hit me.   Cool.   At first, I thought monsters only attacked you one at a time, but if they can come down another hallway and flank you, you'll be takin it from both sides.  But lets be honest, you're used to that.Climbing Mechanic - This is cool!  You can clammer up vines found peppered throughout the dungeons that lead to loot, keys to unlock the next room, alternate exits, or just a sneaky archer/thief/caster spot.   It's one of my favorite features.Stealth System - Crouch to go into stealth mode, your screen turns blue and your movement slows a bit.  Enemies take a bit longer to detect you.  Seems to be effected by the ambient lighting, which is cool, but unconfirmed.  Sometimes the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s just see me.  Stealth kills seem to work with every weapon (spells? I dunno yet) and stabbing them in the face seems to be best practice.  I THINK the vines that you can climb on can also act as camoflauge, making you harder to see.  This is totally rad.  I was hanging from ceiling vines, obscured by vines below me as monsters hustled around directly beneath me.  10/10 would vine again.  Stealth kills give you bonus chest, which is most triumphant.  (air guitar)Oh, and its Co-Op."
,Not Recommended,566860,34516318,Posted: 26 August,all,Funkelman M.D.,"This game has potential, but in its current state it's full of bugs. The combat has basically no feedback. I threw 7 fireballs at an orc to which he did not respond at all. Almost every attempt to join a multiplayer session failed and when it did work we ran into desync issues. This may be worth a buy in the future after it has received more updates, but as of now it is not."
76561197989648906,Recommended,566860,34538850,Posted: 27 August,all,Thog,"In my mind, people may look back at this as the ""Everquest of VR"". It's that moment where systems finally come together to produce the game that will likely be a blueprint for many future products. Are you a sneaky sneak, or a bashy basher, perhaps a fire slingin' finger wiggler? It's all here, and you can mix and match to your hearts content! Let's hit the critical points here:Highlights:Co-op mode absolutely shines! The game encourages specialization and teamwork.Full range of motion is used to navigate environments. You WILL climb vines, swing across poles over gaping chasms, get on the ground and crawl through tight cave spaces. The world is wonderfully immersive and fun to interact with!One of the most responsive, kind, and interactive developers you will ever see. Have suggestions? He wants em. Hit a bug? He's on it. Player input is wanted and acted on, and it shows. This is clearly a passion project. The game grows at an amazing pace for a single developer. These are the kinds of folks that are worth supporting!Closing ThoughtsI was going to write a ""Needs Improvement"" section, but the truth is, for an Early Access product it's already more complete than many games with far larger budgets and development resources! The developer is highly responsive and completely engaged with this project, so things will only get better from here... and here, well, here is pretty solid already!I'm 12 hours in, with many more to come. It's a joy to watch this one develop... I think this could be a classic!"
,Recommended,566860,35232592,Posted: 26 September,all,StacELF,"Relative VR newbie here.  My very first foray into VR was Vanishing Realms, and I thought every fantasy of my teenage nerdgirl heart had come true.  This game is SO MUCH BETTER. VERY enjoyable game thus far.   The co-op is possibly the most fun I have had in VR.  Is it perfect?  No, but the small issues take nothing away from the fun.  Well worth the cost."
,Recommended,566860,34489492,Posted: 25 August,all,Exceloid,10/10 would run dungeons with a dude that was on the phone again.
76561198225781396,Recommended,566860,33156921,Posted: 2 July,all,jjstuec,I definetly take back my negitive review. This game is fantastic. the update was just the thing to make me love it. having more than one themed dungeon makes it more fun and have much more longevity to the game. I wont lie this game is spooky to me and thats what makes it very fun and suspenful. Love the backround music too. honestly when i took off the helmet to change my review I felt like I was in that game irl.
76561198142895069,Recommended,566860,34101672,Posted: 8 August,all,Shadow Khan,"I don't normally write reviews, but this game was a huge amount of fun to play and learn.If you like dungeon crawlers,or similar, get this game."
,Recommended,566860,34237527,Posted: 14 August,all,Fraylor,"If you want to bro out with someone and dungeon crawl, this game is for you.If you're looking for complex mazes, deep combat, lots of secret hunting (beyond finding gold piles in nooks and crannies) then AS OF RIGHT NOW it's not there YETStill, even as a dreadedEarly Accesstitle it's got a lot of really amazingly good parts. I'll just do it in list style otherwise I'm going to write a book.1. The multiplayer is amazing. You're at the top of the stairs with a sword and board. Your mage partner is behind you. Arrows flying at you both from the skeleton archers below but you're pro status and blocking that♥♥♥♥♥♥with your buckler. You got an orc coming up the stairs and your partner says move right. You do, you see a flash of magic fly past your head with a booming sound. That skeleton archer is dust. The orc swings but you catch it with your sword for a parry. You throw some swings in and move again while your mage turns them into plasma. That fight's over, but you hear footsteps in the distance..2. Minor boss spoiler.If you've played the Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time and remember the Shadow Ganon fight where you swing your sword at a magic orb and knock it back and forth until it hits him? It's better in VR.3. Good variety of weapons and play styles. Stealth? Yes. Magic? Yes. Tank? Yes.4. This hallway is impassible because of this huge hole in the ground. Oh wait, there's some vines on the walls, I wonder if I can climb them...For the multiplayer alone this game is absolutely solid. If there are negatives I would say these are them.1. Can't fight on stairs. You hit the floor trying to block enemies that start swinging at your feet coming up the stairs.2. The larger enemies can clip into you sometimes, and their swings clip through walls. You need a clear face to face path to fight effectively.3. Multiple archer fights require a bit of balance for melee fighters. You move close to one archer and he draws his dagger, you parry his swing only to get shot in the face by an archer almost every single time, leaving you no room to really deal with this situation. Only shields currently are bucklers which are very small and hard to block fast moving arrows with.4. Some significant bugs. I died in the middle of a fight with four archers (refrencing the above point.) My 'ghost' or whatever could still move around and could body block all of the arrows coming at my partner. It allowed us to complete the room but clearly it's an issue.5. Need some way to heal our team mates. So far if you die, you're dead until your teammate opens a door to progress the dungeon.Even with these flaws, this game is a winning bet. The price point is good. The game is fantastic on your own. It's  a must have with the multiplayer. If you want to dungeon crawl, this game is it for VR."
76561198043144173,Recommended,566860,34240257,Posted: 14 August,all,Ceigetank,"Phenomenal game. Honestly one of the most immersive vr games i've played. I love the environments. Combat is a little lacking, but still fun. Maybe increasing the amount of enemies, or hits they take. Id love to see Gorn style combat in this game. Stop reading reviews and just get it. Well worth $20.Side note, the developer is fantastic, its obvious he puts a lot of work and love into this game. The updates he makes reflect the wants of the community, or at least that of me and my buddies. Seems like any idea we have there is a planned update for."
76561198126478259,Recommended,566860,34870078,Posted: 10 September,all,Widow,very kool game for $20
76561197977268135,Recommended,566860,32298133,Posted: 9 June,all,code2quest,"Its pretty fun and the dungeons are dark and scary loving it, i hope to see more updates looking forward to it"
76561197962041588,Recommended,566860,31380895,Posted: 26 April,all,Lance from Texas,"First off congrats on making a dungeon crawler by yourself..I unstand the hours it takes.....the lighting is beautiful and the distance haze-blur effect is really nice..also the no-clipping by simply moving the character back works great  ""serious sam uses this ive noticed""Glad there is no teleport too...but Im also not a fan of swinging my arms to move,  just  standard onward style movement is fine by me...Ironically I'm in the process of developing a multiplayer RPG with Unreal , full locomotion, ragdoll physics ""adjustable "" not everyone can handle tumbling off a cliff in VR...lol   very quest and loot based, and a few features I think will be really fun... Glad youve added multiplay I think that is very importantKeep up the good work I'll keep backing....Thanks"
,Recommended,566860,34785997,Posted: 6 September,all,SirisS-G-P,"This game is fun. If my hours are low and you're wondering why I didn't play much, well, it's a perk of the 1K club. Always jumping from game to game, never staying long enough to see a game to the finish. The 1K club is a curse not a blessing.Things I liked+The tutorial with the weird looking Gnome guy. Good thing I wasn't on LSD when I saw that.. that... thing. Oh and the talking doggo.+The Melee is top notch, great feels and impact of the hit.+Great Level design. The layout is great, even for random.+The best parts is the loot and weapon room. There are lots of weapons and the urge to want to play more to get more upgrades.+The locomotion is fantastic, I loved the arm swinging, it made me feel line I was walking like Saint's Row 4 when you're in plessant town.+The music is awesome and sets the mood very good. There are AAA games with terrible music but this game has some great tunes.Things I didn't like-The weapons felt a little small to me, still functional.-The 2-handed on the heavy sword was akward and hard to swing. I'm usually a 2-handed sword kind of guy in these types of games, but it was akward. Maybe because the sword was small to me, idkGreat Game! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,566860,34270353,Posted: 15 August,all,Jack Bright,"Met a dude and we introduced each other by jerking to signify it was indeed the other person. 10/10 experience.In all seriousness, this game's pretty great. You run around and beat up monsters and take money from spooky dark dungeons, and you're really glad when you have another player there.Has some bugs that can ♥♥♥♥ the dungeon but they're mostly confined to multiplayer and we only ran into them once.Good game, worth the price."
76561198000846168,Recommended,566860,34504820,Posted: 26 August,all,Dawwe,Terrifying and atmospheric. The hands didn't quite line up correctly for me (Rift). Made for midgets (I'm 1.85m and have to crouch to open doors). Recommended if you want to play this type of game (I didn't).
,Recommended,566860,34116134,Posted: 8 August,all,ForceKin,"Picked the game up after the magic update and it seems like a lot of fun. It's challenging, easy to die (at least in nightmare mode, which is to be expected) and there's a good amount of options for weapon selection. The climbing mechanic is also a lot of fun and resulted in a fun distraction when my friend who I was playing with stole a lightning spear I found and I had to chase him around the room trying to get it back, climbing all over the walls and ceiling. We were giggling like children.At the same time, I dislike that you can take weapons from your friends. It was a funny distraction but could quickly become annoying, especially if you're playing with randoms.The locomotion options were varied and well implemented and the multiplayer worked flawlessly for us. The only real criticism I have aside from the being able to take your companions' gear from them is how dark the dungeons are by default. You can only see a few yards in front of you without a lantern, which I assume (haven't tested it) increases your view distance pretty significantly. I get that it's supposed to feel claustrophobic and the atmosphere definitely did add some tension when you saw the glowing eyes of enemies in the darkness, but it's still a bit shortsighted for me. I'd like the visibility range to be maybe double what it is now.Overall, great game with a lot of replayability from the looks of it. With some more content and polish, it could beat out Vanishing Realms in terms of fun. Definitely worth picking up."
76561198045437015,Not Recommended,566860,34409291,Posted: 21 August,all,MCPvr @ twitch.tv,"edited after speaking with developer:locomotion options are unclear during the tutorial.  supposedly you can use the oculus left stick without pumping your arms to move after the tutorial, but this is not clear in the game's current state or verifiable by myself as I requested a refund.  these options are not currently selectable from the menu before you begin the tutorial and not apparent from the tutorial itself, you must arm pump or teleport to complete it.right stick turning is currently limited to snap turning with the Oculus touch analog stick (aside from turning your body)currently the button scheme is still optomized for vive onlyon the plus side, the dev is highly responsive and willing to improve based on suggestions"
,Recommended,566860,34150829,Posted: 10 August,all,uskire3601,"-Full body rendered. No floating controllers or hands anymore.-Several armors with special perks.-Nice set of weapons. From swords, longbow, spell books, axes,...-Skills points. Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence.-Procedurally generated levels (dungeons, caves, outdoors,...) with handmade artist's touch.-Rewards after complete dungeons (loots, which level up your arsenal).-Single player, Co-op game with a Steam friend or just matchmaking!-Regular updates. The developer is actually listening to players. :DThere is a journey along a path of hazards, creatures and barriers and players cooperate to find the way that let them reach the Dungeon's end and get home together. The goal is growing up your skills to be ready to defeat The Final Boss.It's a Must Have in your VR collection!"
76561197976780918,Recommended,566860,34192116,Posted: 12 August,all,Dracknar,"Well, I only have an hour or so into the game, but man. I had to come and write a review.This is one awesome game!I was a little unsure, but when I saw the latest update had added touchpad locomotion, I decided to jump right in.I have really liked it. The weapons, the options etc. Having a great time so far, and I can't wait to get back into it again.Co-op shall be fun..."
,Recommended,566860,34226211,Posted: 13 August,all,Zombinomicon,"I almost refunded this game because it crashed to desktop right after the tutorial ended.  I'm so glad I didn't!  This game is really fun!  I was hooked moments after starting my first dungeon.  I can't wait to see this game continue to evolve.By the way, I had zero further problems after the inital crash.  But, if you do crash after the tutorial, give it another shot until you at least see a dungeon.  I'm sure you'll be hooked, too!"
76561198052488585,Recommended,566860,34100689,Posted: 8 August,all,Legoea,"A tremendously fun VR experience and game!The dev has captured the creepiness and eerie feel of being within a dark dungeon excellently. Through the use of strategic lighting and ambient sound, you find yourself slowly and cautiously peaking around every corner, making sure no creature is waltzing down the corridors heading your way.The dungeons are randomly generated, so you never get the same layout twice.This in a way keeps each dungeon run quite fresh.There’s a variety of weapons to choose from also. Looking forward to more being added.Overall, I’ve had heaps of fun with VR Dungeon Knight and I look forward to where this game goes in the future!"
,Recommended,566860,34200953,Posted: 12 August,all,Christopher,"The game in it's current state is already quite good but I have full confidence it's on it's way to becoming much better. ""Why?"" you might be asking youself... I have literally never come across a developer as attentive and receptive to the community as Thomas is. There is a constant dialogue in the discussions page, and it's amazing.Each patch brings great new content to an already atmospheric and engaging game, and I look forward to being there every step of the way as this game hits its stride."
76561197990336812,Recommended,566860,34239265,Posted: 14 August,all,Fireman,Super fun
,Not Recommended,566860,34516258,Posted: 26 August,all,Lucas,"Extremely buggy, combat is relentlessly difficult and has no feedback. Tried to play with my friend three times, but we were only able to get into one match.Might be worth a buy when it's updated and polished, would not recommend right now. The developer seems to be working hard on the game, so these problems will probably be fixed soon (and a patch is already out to improve the combat)."
,Recommended,566860,34727190,Posted: 3 September,all,zenfulyeah,"Fun game, even in early access. I really enjoy playing it online co-op. Would highly recommend."
76561197995817433,Recommended,566860,34095144,Posted: 7 August,all,Masrock,"I really enjoy this game. The dungeons are random each time with a limited number of rooms so  that you begin to recognise locations. That said, its great fun sneaking about trying to beat the dungeon. The game designer works hard on updates adding element with regular patches. I've even played two player coop, he even laughed when I drowned in a pool of noxious green water. Up to then it was a blast fighting side by side."
,Recommended,566860,34243845,Posted: 14 August,all,Ebemidej,"It's very rough around the edges right now, specially with the Oculus Rift controls... hand placement is wonky as all hell.But in the end its still a lot of fun, and I really look forward to seeing it get some more polish.Minor gripe... It sucks you dont get to keep the weapons you find in the dungeons. (your gear upgrades come from chests you receive for completion completion)"
,Not Recommended,566860,34413307,Posted: 22 August,all,Azrafox28,"As much as I love how ambitious this game is, there's just a lot it doesn't get right. The environments are beautiful and the atmosphere is creepy in a good way, however the controls break the experience for me. I constantly found myself grabbing the wrong things off my belt, not being able to reach items on the floor, etc. The aiming of ranged weapons is off (the gun aims way too far off). Despite an earlier comment I read about enemy variety, there really isn't much variety as far as I can tell, and the AI is quite simple. My biggest gripe though would have to be the camera - for some reason even after setting my height in SteamVR my camera was positioned too far back in the character's head, meaning my field of view was constantly blocked by my character clipping into the camera.I do appreciate what the developers tried to do here, but honestly I don't feel like it's worth the money I paid for it. Bring it down to £6 or so and it'd be worth a play, provided some of the biggest bugs are ironed out."
76561197970463621,Recommended,566860,34270959,Posted: 16 August,all,M0053,"I haven't played for long and this is already my favourite VR game. If you want a bity of RPG fun and exercise to boot, this is for you! It might be early access, but looking at the update history, the dev's are clearly working hard to polish and add new features and content.10/10!"
76561198067536026,Not Recommended,566860,34696522,Posted: 2 September,all,DerkaDerka,"This game has the ability to be really good, but I found a bug that kind of ruined it for me, and a few gameplay issues with it so far. I setup the game to use the teleport method (Which is a huge one up in my book as I am not a fan of the locomotion).Bug:Was perpendicular to the ground after passing through a door and I could not correct it. I had to exit the game via the oculus home screen. I was using a fire magic book and had the trigger pulled to max (Right hand). I then used my left hand to grab the door (The one with the book). When I passed in I was standing on the door. It would let me teleport on and around the door, but I could not correct my angle. So the hallway I would normally walk down appeared above my head as if I was at the bottom of a well.Gameplay issues:I found the enemies to be too fast moving for the weapon mechanics. There seems to be a delay in the sword swings and a big delay in the fire casting. But the enemies seem to be really fast at attacking. My only option seemed to be to hide behind a wall and try to poke out to attack. My biggest gripe is just that it seems like the enemies are too fast and also too powerful. I seemed to die after just 2-3 hits. Maybe spread out the difficulty a little more and have like a beginner mode or be more lenient at the lower levels until the mechanics can be fully realized before making it so hard.I could not figure out how to heal. I was wounded and near death, but I had no healing ability or potions I could use. Or at least none that I could find.I had to grab my weapons each time I died. This for me was extremely annoying as I was dying over and over trying to understand the mechanics. This was also the same for setting the difficulty of the dungeon. I understand being teleported back to the beginning again, but it felt tedious and un-necessary to have to ""Reset"" all of the options before I could go back into the dungeon again.The constant blood over the eyes when ""Near death"" was horrible. I could hardly see and it was frustrating. Please find some other mechanic that is not so intrusive when you are low health. Or make this a temporary effect, since (and again, at least no way I could find) there seems to be no way to heal. But to have it permanently on and no way to remove it was infuriating, not to mention is strained the eyes.The equipping of weapons is very clunky. Forget about being able to swap weapons in a fight. There should be an ability to hot swap, or re-design the ""Tool belt"" idea. The tool belt mechanic seems to be clunky and holding back the gameplay. I understand that it is supposed to generate immersion, but it is doing so at the cost of smooth mechanics. With as fast as the enemies seem to move, I don’t think I would ever be able to grab any other weapon on the belt. I also hate having to look down to see what I am grabbing. Then try to grab it, which I found I often would grab the wrong thing or simply drop the weapon I was holding. The belt idea might work better if it only carried two things and each trigger on the controller allowed you to grab them. Even though you could not hold as many items, it works really well in Robo Recall that way. Also Robo Recall utilizes the ability to grab something on your back. This would work great for a shield and sword for the back (Left and right shoulder) and then two items on the hips. That seemed to have a very fluid and less clunky fell to it. It also allowed you to quickly grab things as the locations of the items were very distinct, and you don’t have to look at anything, but when you put your hands to the side or shoulders you knew what weapon you were grabbing.I know the game is early access, and I am a programmer myself, so I know the value of feedback. But these are my two cents. I think working on improving these features would have a great benefit to the game.P.S. As far as I can tell I don't see any functionality tied to the buttons on the controller (Unless I am missing something. I am using an Oculus btw) those buttons seem like a great place to use some kind of weapon switching or inventory system to get rid of the belt.Also, (On the Oculus Rift at least) the hands seemed to be pointing perpendicular to my own when I held the remote. When I would hold my had out in front of me with my fingers pointing forward, the in-game hands fingers seemed to be pointing up towards the wall. This is not a huge deal, but I figured it was worth mentioning.If these issues were worked on, then I feel like this game has the potential to be great. I feel like “Not Recommended” Is a little harsh, but since I only have a choice between “Not Recommended” and “Recommended” I would have to side with the “Not Recommended just slightly more as of 9/2/17. I will be sure to update this if the experience improves. Like I said, it really does have some true potential, but, in my opinion, these things are holding it back. I hope this feedback is helpful."
76561198102253637,Not Recommended,566860,34637396,Posted: 31 August,all,SaberPuppy,"Oh man. I really wanted to like this game, but it sucks in its current conditon.  The dungeon is just the same six rooms over and over again. They may seem like they are diffrent, but you just enter from a diffrent angle that makes it seems new. Doesn't matter what door you go through while exploring. Since it's all randomly generated; you can just keep going straight and find the same things. There are a couple of rooms were you can find gold and see some books and potions. Only can grab gold, and those rooms are all the same. Fighting mechanic is quirky and so is putting things on your belt. I would watit until the game is out of early access, or wait for it to go on sale for about eight bucks, no more than ten dollars."
,Not Recommended,566860,35505160,Posted: 5 October,all,Gingas,"It was ok.... Not really that fun, 2 handed weapons are weilded with 1 controller only and everything feels rather floaty. Not worth it to me since I refunded it after one dungen."
76561198059069181,Not Recommended,566860,34449625,Posted: 23 August,all,Eldanon,"I didn't care for the game personally. Very narrow dark hallways that all look the same. Repeating rooms (dungeons are procedurally generated). In the four dungeons I tried, I found no enemies in three of them but saw a bunch of rooms that repeated. For people who love to grind a lot, this might be a positive thing. I'd rather take quality over quantity so this one's not my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,566860,35353408,Posted: 30 September,all,CodeGrue,"Bought this looking for something similar to Vanishing Realms. Didn't do it for me. The dungeons are randomly generated and as such don't have ""puzzles"" to solve, just advance and kill stuff. Locomotion made me sick but it does support teleportation. Combat didn't feel solid either; I didn't feel like I could block with the shield."
76561198027253891,Not Recommended,566860,34646564,Posted: 31 August,all,Bareyataghan,"I've never been as sick with VR as I have after playing this game for less than a minute. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the movement is gut wrenching, counter-intuitive and infuriating."
,Not Recommended,566860,34365422,Posted: 19 August,all,Mark Skarr,"I understand that this game is Early Access, but, at the moment, it's borderline unplayable for me.Each time I would start playing it after having logged out of Steam VR previously, I would have to force-exit (no actualy in-game exit) and re-run the Steam VR Room setup to recalibrate the floor.  Don't know why, it just kept thinking that I'm about 12 feet tall and I couldn't reach anything on the floor.Additionally, the first bit of the game took me a good 10 minutes just to figure out how to acknowledge the speaking critter.  It didn't tell me to click my thumbstick--that was an alien thought to me.  Why not use A or B, or X or Y?  Nope.  Thumbstick.The turning controls were VERY twitchy, most of the time it took five or more clicks before I would turn, and by then, I was dead.Also, I didn't like having to lay on my floor to do reach under chairs for keys.  Coupled with the fact that this game kept thinking my floor was several feet further down than it really was . . ..  I can't reach into my basement from my bedroom.Reading that the dev isn't making enough off of this game is disheartening.  I'm very sorry for him, but, this game is just too unfinished for me to continue trying to play.Good luck."
,Not Recommended,566860,34762924,Posted: 5 September,all,SmokyPat,"Dungeons extremely repetetive, too few enemies and the same locked door/find the key sequence in the only one room. Locomotion is awful and assault the Necromancer was t o o easy"
,Not Recommended,566860,35433038,Posted: 2 October,all,BananaBoy333,Meh in all catagories none shine better than other games except the dungeon creation system that is Very REPETETIVE and i refunded for superhot that is a much better game.
76561198008714696,Not Recommended,566860,35481985,Posted: 4 October,all,CoD FrEaK,It was good until I found that you can not heal.  I wish i could get my money back.  Waste of time and money.
,Not Recommended,566860,31999523,Posted: 27 May,all,BrightCandle,"I have run into a few issues. The climbing mechanics seem janky, I keep getting thrown from the wall or drifting through the air. The hit detection when attacking enemies is not working reliably. The walking isn't all that comfortable especially when it comes to looking around and the way it works on the touchpad for the direction isn't all that great.The green dungeons aren't all that interesting so far.It is sort of like vanishing realms but with none of the polish that made that game good."
,Recommended,566860,32520162,Posted: 17 June,all,Xeros,"Updated as of August 22, 2017:The new update provided a much better teleport mechanic. It's not perfect mind you, the angle of the point of light on the floor vs where you aim the controller (with your real hand in the real world) seems slightly off.  But with that said, I was able to play my first game of this without getting motion sick. I also saw some cool new level areas I've never seen before... so I like that. Because of this I'm going to change my review to a positive one now.Bear in mind that this game is still in early access and has lots of bugs, but the developer has certainly earned a positive rating by being so responsive to the community and continuing to actually add content and improve the gameplay. It's worth the price now. :)Updated as of August 12, 2017:The new update did not provide a simple and easy to use teleport mechanic. The existing teleport mechanic remains very awkward and difficult to aim and control with any accuracy. So unfortunately I still cannot recommmend this game.Updated Due to Developer Response:The developer Blackjard has responded to my negative review and will add an arc teleport option in one of the next updates. If it works well, I will be delighted to change my review to a positive one. Time will tell... but they defintely get bonus points for being responsive and taking care of thier player community. I look forward to next update!Original Review:Please please please add a normal teleport mechanism with the arc and target on the ground.This game has the dubiuous honor of being the first one to actually make me throw up.  I tried your various thumbpad control schemes and the thumbpad motion control wonkiness literally made me throw up on my floor. What happened was: I was looking right when the thumbpad motion got stuck moving left and I shot down a hall while rotating then dropped off a ledge. Instant sick.And yes, I tried the teleport only option - but its so annoying to aim it to move that the game is nearly unplayable with the current teleport mechanism.Until there's a very mundane and normal teleport mechanism (like Vanishing Realms or even The Lab), I cannot recommend this game."
76561198117183472,Recommended,566860,34493033,Posted: 25 August,all,Capn ZachSparrow,"Only played a little bit of the game, but thats because the motion in it made me feel sick after playing 20 minutes..Edit: I have tried the locomotion controls and the teleportation is less much less jarring and the developer contacted me informing me that there was indeed player leveling. I had just needed to play a bit more to see it. My only other suggestion was that the dungeons were a bit too dark and the lantern a bit too lackluster so I had suggested that manually lit torch sconces be implemented. And I am very eager to play this game again."
76561198074848216,Recommended,566860,34360844,Posted: 19 August,all,doodlydoodlydoo,"Loving the game so far. I managed to find a miniboss room in the very first dungeon I tried. It didn't end well. The atmosphere of the dark corridor dungeons can be pretty suspenseful. The first time I saw the beady glowing eyes of an orc leering at me from just beyond the light of my lantern scared me almost as much as any VR ""horror"" game has. As I gain levels and upgrade my equipment I've started feeling slightly less vulnerable which is how I think character progression should feel so this is definitely a good thing. I wish my apartment wasn't so damn hot so I could continue playing. Sweating from my eyeballs is not conducive to orc slaying. Even in the short time I've played, there seems to be well more than enough content to warrant the $20 I spent on it and If the dev keeps the updates coming this might quickly become my new VR favorite."
,Recommended,566860,34387847,Posted: 20 August,all,Bartuby_jones,I really enjoy co-op in this dungeon crawler! The movement and climbing feel great and having a buddy to hunt for gold and mini boss' is simply next level! Great VR game that is definitely going places!
76561198199304935,Recommended,566860,34387276,Posted: 20 August,all,Fincal123,"if you can add a full Dungeon generation this would add the replay factor to it, making it worth so much more"
76561197979402124,Recommended,566860,34407701,Posted: 21 August,all,MF! BuRn,"Thank you for making this game!My two sons and I are all really enjoying it.  The atmosphere and content are solid, art style is a great fit for the genre.Mechanics are decent, combat is a bit simplistic but I can see that changing.The darkness / lantern effect is good, adds to the suspense of exploration.Progression in both difficulty and weapon upgrades is well implemented, gives it much more replay longevity.This game shows alot of promise and is already worth a buy."
76561198008652659,Recommended,566860,34418772,Posted: 22 August,all,sadmomo,"Only been inside the dungeons for an hour, but if it keeps developing like it does there will be many more to come. Awesome atmosphere, lots of possibilities and huge potential. May the big studios take a look at this and be inspired in which direction game development should be going"
76561198063485364,Recommended,566860,34405098,Posted: 21 August,all,malatoth,"Amazing game, especially for an early access. Hooked from the 1st two minutes and played for hours. Works perfectly with an Oculus rift and touch controllers, dev is now also building proper oculus support.All the other reviews have nailed the spirit of the game so just read them.One of the best VR experiences I've ever had till now :-)"
,Recommended,566860,34767254,Posted: 5 September,all,Smarmy,"Really cool game, I like the concept and started to get really into it but between two play sessions I can't go for more than maybe 30 minutes or little over a single dungeon before the game makes me sick. It's either the sudden drops or how fast and jerky the movement can be but it tricks my brain and gives me really bad motion sickness. I'd like to see where this game goes but as it stands I can't honestly enjoy it."
76561197972116455,Recommended,566860,35476432,Posted: 4 October,all,tselling,"Super fun dungeon crawler.  Both single player and co-op.  Early access and still has some kinks and bugs but not enough to keep me from playing.  I would put this right up there with Trickster, Vanishing Realms, and Carnage Chronicles.  If you are into those types of games, give it a try!"
,Recommended,566860,35487718,Posted: 4 October,all,JDawg-OldF,"Good but needs some fixes.* Smooth knockback when reaching near wall is nauseating. Need to be jump/teleport knockback* Grabing arrows is way too hard* Please disable grabbing ally weapons unless arms ourstretched. Can't even grab my own weapons sometimes.* Teleporting of up stairways is wonky* Turning is difficult. Has to be exact speed and in exact area. Try to emulate Rec Room turning* Don't allow teleporting accross trap areas unless ""teleport only"" enabled* Please let us trigger on other hand for two hand grabbing instead of same hand holding object. Pulling my right hand trigger for my left hand to grab doesn't make sense* Please add some throwing physics in the game* Please let us find some weapons in the levels in case we want to switch out* Please let us find some replenishable things in the levels like food or arrows or bullets or bombs* Please add more wide open levels. 4 player tough in some of those cramped levels.* Is it possible to add more then one type of enemy in a room?* Nightmare is not much harder then regular. Please make harder* I think it'd be more fun to find the chests in the levels instead as reward at the end"
76561198009329097,Recommended,566860,35506617,Posted: 5 October,all,Rich G,"Definitely obtain this game if you like dungeon dwelling.  It's got traps, secret rooms, random dungeon generation, monsters, smart♥♥♥♥♥♥♥commentary, puzzles...  all in good fun!  Get ready to crawl and duck to make your way into some of the secret areas.  And whether you decide to use up a belt position for a light source, you're going to enjoy the dark and creepy dungeon.    I'm having a blast and I KNOW the developer is really into making this game great!"
76561198414713022,Recommended,566860,35508879,Posted: 5 October,all,Emperor_Redwaffles,"My friend and I bought this game 2 days ago and we can't put it down!  Love the classes, love the equipment, love the skill points.  The randomization of each dungeon is so cool and I can't wait to see what kind of new rooms and things are added into the game.  I've been playing for 5 hours and from time to time will encounter a room I've never seen.  I want to say that you are doing an amazing job Blackjard and the game is already amazing without my following suggestions and ideas, but I am enjoying what you've made so much that if I can inspire you in any way with some ideas I would be honored.My Suggestions and Ideas:- The last room in each dungeon that has the core you need to destroy feels like it needs some kind of encounter like there is no boss at the end of the dungeon.  I mean I understand the Necromancer is basically the boss of the game and all, but just feels like the last room with the core in it needs some kind of fight, even if it's just a bunch of hard enemies or something.- A way to heal like finding a health pot somewhere in the dungeon would be cool.  Maybe make it so that if you die, there is a little more of a harsh punishment than just respawning in the very next room, and balance it by adding rare health pots sometimes.- Maybe some way to make the classes work together like a mage can add a fire spell to a warrior's sword and it gets a small damage buff for a short time.- Ultimate abilities that you can unlock for Mage, Warrior, and Thief.  They would cost you a tonnnn of gold or a ton of skill pointsto unlock, and maybe only useable once per dungeon or something.  (short invulnerability for warrior, massive AOE damage spell like a meteor or something for mage, and short time of invisibility for thief or something like that).- A feature where I can have separate save files so that I can have different characters at different levels.  I would be able to enjoy playing all the classes without completely resetting the skill points every time.  Also would allow me to play with friends who just got the game and are starting at level 1 without it feeling like I'm overpowered compared to them.  I guess would be similar to having different characters on WoW of each class.- One of my favorite parts so far was a long corridor where you entered and the door you came through was on the floor beneath your feet, and you had to climb to the top where the next door was on the ceiling.  More of this kind of thing would be cool.  Rooms that are twisted and trippy with doors in interesting places.I know that was a lot of suggestions, but this game really gets my mind thinking.   Just want to say again thank you, and that you are killing it with this game, please don't stop adding to this great project :]"
