user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,567640,35234973,Posted: 26 September,all,John,"""Hey, this game can't be worth $60, especially since I've seen every twist DR can throw at me.After the first trial.""...There is no ♥♥♥♥ing way that just happened.""This is isn't your everyday normal despair. It's ADVANCED DESPAIR."
,Recommended,567640,35220223,Posted: 26 September,all,Gobo,People die when they are killed.
,Recommended,567640,35401668,Posted: 1 October,all,GumdropHF,all my friends are dead
,Recommended,567640,35226469,Posted: 26 September,all,Lawbringrawr,Hoping your favorite characters and waifus don't die simulator episode 3Don't play this game if you haven't already played the first two in the seriesand never ever ever ever visit the wiki or else you are just asking for some unpleasant spoilersEDIT: I FOUND YOU CAN INDEED GO INSIDE THE GIRLS BATHROOM IN THIS GAME UNLIKE THE FIRST TWO! 10/10 INNOVATION AT ITS FINEST BOYS I THINK WE HAVE GAME OF THE YEAR HERE! OH BOY DOES SPIKE CHUNSOFT KNOW HOW TO FIRE OUT NEW FEATURES
,Recommended,567640,35342205,Posted: 30 September,all,Andrew 林,"You should play the two first games (Trigger Happy Havoc and Danganronpa 2) before playing this because this game contains major spoilers for the first two games.If you've enjoyed the first two games, then you should like this new installment for the most part. Gameplay is the same - people get murdered, you investigate crime scenes, and solve them in a class trial. Now as for the overall story, I won't mention any plot details, it's better you go into this game blind and judge for yourself. However in my opinion, although I enjoyed this game, the 1st Danganronpa (Trigger Happy Havoc) is still the best overall.P.S. If you're playing on Steam/PC and using a keyboard/mouse, make sure you launch the Configuration Tool to select the keyboard layout before launching the main game (you can't switch in-game)."
,Recommended,567640,35218009,Posted: 26 September,all,god,Time to watch all my favorite characters die. Again. For the third time.edit: 1st murder in and ur fav character is already dead ok
,Recommended,567640,35315978,Posted: 29 September,all,em🌙,"watched all my favorite characters die again, would recommend"
,Recommended,567640,35240232,Posted: 27 September,all,SniperNoSniping,"To everyone and myself raging about Keyboard and Mouse controls.""Click play in the steam library then select the launch configuration tool to change to keyboard lol.""A user by the name of Lawbringree^The launch delay was dumb as hell but the game is good. Not knowing about the configuration tool made the first chapter QTE's a pain in the ♥♥♥ but thats over now. Thank you, guy who spreads good info. My frustration is gone.Over all the game is enjoyable. The content has been entertaining and arouses inquisition. Might add more later."
,Recommended,567640,35265888,Posted: 28 September,all,pharmercy,Does not have improved improved Hangman's Gambit.10/10
,Recommended,567640,35381018,Posted: 1 October,all,Nuclear Fox,"DR1 first case: ""My classmates are dumb and don't see name of the killer written right before them""DR2 first case: ""Bone the meat on, haha""DR3 first case: ""What the hell happens and why do you do this to us, Kodaka!"""
,Recommended,567640,35368787,Posted: 1 October,all,Maze,"Pretty simple, if you liked the previous Danganronpa games you will most likely enjoy this one. I say most likely because I believe personal taste will be a big factor in how you perceive this game. While there are parts of the game that you can say are objectively good or bad a lot of it comes down to what you like in characters and story.Pros:Sticks to its themes (maybe a little too well).Fun gameplay and novel elements that you expect from the DR series.Fantastic soundtrack.Good character development throughout the story.Cons:While it takes risks with its storytelling, DRv3 is still too formulaic with how it handles the core of the narrative.I found the cast to be weaker than that of SDR2, but again that is very much a personal preference.The ending can make or break this game for you.The story gets wrapped up in itself to a somewhat frustrating degree."
,Recommended,567640,35217935,Posted: 26 September,all,gay ass,i hope no one dies
76561198030996087,Not Recommended,567640,35295233,Posted: 29 September,all,Tristan31415,"I'm a big fan of the first two games, so I was excited when I heard this one came out. Overall, I haven't been disappointed. The story so far is just as good as the first two, and the class trial introduces some really interesting new mechanics. However, I can't recommend this game as it is currently. It suffers from several flaws that make it frustrating to play. First, tutorials automatically default to console controllers when explaining controls. You have to open the configuration tool to change this, and it can't be done in-game. This is a minor point, but it was still kind of frustrating. Second, the controls aren't always responsive on keyboard. It can sometimes take several hits of a button to accomplish anything, especially during class trials. This is frustrating since you have a time limit in those sections. Finally, it appears if you exit out of a class trial, there's a chance that the background art will simply be a solid black screen when you load back in. The text is still visible, but no art will be there. Unfortunately, I only had one save file, which mean's I'll have to start an entirely new game, as uninstalling and reinstalling didn't work. A $60 game should frankly have these issues worked out before release, and I honestly can't recommend the game at this price while these problems persist. At the very least, I would wait until an update fixes these issues before buying."
,Recommended,567640,35401870,Posted: 1 October,all,DeliciousSalad,"This is arguably the best game in the series, but only has the biggest impact if you've played the other two. The main game is around 35-40 hours long and I'm not sure about extra content since I haven't gotten to it just yet.However, if you're a fan of the series definitely pick this up. If not, the $60 price tag may be a risk. I'd suggest playing the original game first in that case."
,Not Recommended,567640,35301829,Posted: 29 September,all,Snackya,"TL;DR: the end completely destroys the game. even hardcore DR fans should stay away. (don't say i didn't warn you)before i start, i need to say that i really loved the first two entries in the Danganronpa series. which makes the disappointment, that is DRV3 even worse...i seem to be one of the first people to actually finish the game it seems.almost all reviews on the game seem to be from people who didn't finish the game yet (which explains the % of positive reviews)i normally don't write any reviews, but i felt that ""The Biggest, Most Awful, Most Tragic Ending to a Game Series in Human History"" deserves it.the characters are pretty bad in this 3rd game and the murders are, when compared to the last two games, way less interesting.but what really killed this game was the story.***SPOILERS***Right at the first class trial the game makes a huge mistake. it let's the MC commit the murder but hides most important information from the player, then they kill and change the MC to a different one.Explained by LastNonak in the comments:""The narration leaves out some important thoughts that would indicate her as the culprit. Wait, let me rephrase that. They leave out almost all important thoughts that indicate her. That means the protagonist has some secrets not even the player himself knows due to the support of the narration.""it seems like that already killed the game for a few people, and those were the lucky ones, because they didn't have to read what comes after.the middle of the game is just normal Danganronpa how it normally goesbut then...the end...never in my life did i have to witness such a bad ending. after DR1 and DR2 being serious about their story, DRV3 just completely destroys the 4th wall and  makes one of the last surviving characters represent the Team Danganronpa staff.they declare DR1 and DR2 are non-canon (irrelevant to the story) because it was fictional and never happened.they then tell the characters that they're all fictional too and were previously normal people who volunteered to participate in the Killing Game and that the Killing Games will go on, because people like the franchise.also DR V3 is meant to be read as DR 53 (which absolutely makes no sense) because it is the 53rd Killing Game happening because of peoples' obsession with Danganronpagame characters then refuse to participate in the game (refuse to do minigames, don't vote for culprit, etc.).then the game ends.***SPOLER END***Team Danganronpa must really hate their fandom. I don't have any other explanation for why they would torture us so painfully with this ending."
,Recommended,567640,35232111,Posted: 26 September,all,zerox102,"How to play Danganronpa.1. Pick a favorite character.2. Ah f*ck they died. Try again?3. Oh? That one? Are you sure? Nah f*ck you they're dead too.4. Holy sh*t everything you touch dies.5. Just crawl back to your corner, all your waifus for laifu are dead."
76561198359704744,Recommended,567640,35232785,Posted: 26 September,all,Revante,First class trial and I can already feel the despair taking shape in my soul.Feels like home.
76561198004307730,Not Recommended,567640,35437905,Posted: 3 October,all,joshwilt,"Danganronpa 1 and 2 were fantastic games in my opinion. The game mechanics, premise and style hit all the right notes for me. Yes, it is very niche, but it is a niche that I adore.Danganronpa V3 manages to do the same again. If you are one who gets easily bored and you only liked the past games because the premise was new, then you will probably be winding down in this game finding the moment to moment stuff a bit tedious. But not me, no, sure the free time events can be a bit tedious, but it is the in between dialogue that builds up the characters and story that really leave an impact come the class trial.Most of the game is great. It does what it does best and provides not only some of the best punishments in the game's history, but also some new class trial minigames to spice things up (one of which is lackluster, but the others are very enjoyable). The characters are strong, the banter is still funny and enjoyable (though perhaps not quite up to the level of DR 2) and the mystery solving is still engaging. Heck, even the Monokubs kinda grew on me after a bit.So why is this review a downvote? Well, the ending is bad. Not just ""Oh man I was expecting something more."" bad but rather the kind of bad that taints my memories of the entire rest of the game bad. I found myself having new favorite characters, new favorite punishments, new favorite twists and new favorite class trials. But when the ending rolled around it all started to collapse around me, and suddenly my connection and feelings towards these things started to fizzle.Let me be fair. It is still an amazing game up to a certain point. Some like the ending, some don't. I don't, and it actually makes me wish I stopped playing the game before I started the final chapter. Everything in this game works (even if some parts may be weaker than its predecessors) except the ending. If you love Danganronpa as much as I do, you should buy this game. But I am giving it a negative review because I feel like the ending betrayed not only Danganronpa V3, but the entire Danganronpa franchise as a whole."
76561198311413861,Not Recommended,567640,35468331,Posted: 4 October,all,nibachu,"I don't know how I really feel about this game... I liked the gameplay, everything wasn't bad, it was pretty good but perhaps definitely not better than the last game.However the ending... It ruined the whole game for me... It felt like I was mocked and it wasn't a twist like the first two games. I felt like I wasted many hours playing it to only get an ending that said 'stuff it' to the whole game. Once you play the game to the end, the game becomes unreplayable and not worth the $60 USD.But before the ending it was fun and I would recommend it to all the danganronpa fans to experience but know that the ending can either more likely break it or maybe even it make it for you. Unfortunately it was the prior for me.I also feel offended by the developers for the ending. I felt like it was some sick awful comical prank after being emotional involved with the story and I can't let that go making me give a thumbs down.But like I said, it is a great danganronpa game until that last chapter."
,Recommended,567640,35254365,Posted: 27 September,all,NerdyBirdyx,"Loving this game so far! It's a great addition to the Danganronpa series. I'm currently on Chapter 2 and here are my spoiler-free impressions so far:Pros:The art is beautiful! It's nicer and more stylish compared to the previous games.I think there's way more CG images than the previous games hadGreat animationsYou actually get to see the protagonist's sprites outside of the class trials.Great cast of characters! Currently, there's not a single character I dislike. In fact, there's a lot of characters Ireallylike. They might be my favorite cast out of all the DR games.Amazing music.The voice acting in both languages is awesome! I prefer the Japanese dub because I'm a filthy weeb, but from the clips I've seen, the English dub is pretty good, too! I actually wouldn't mind playing the game with the English dub someday.The new minigames seem pretty fun. I'm especially a fan of the Debate Scrums and Argument Armament.Cons:The main problem I've been seeing is that many people seem to have problems with the PC port. Like, audio desync during cutscenes, unresponsive KB+M controls, lag, etc. But, one of the biggest problems that a lot of people seem to be having is that, during the minigames, the A and S keys are swaped. So, when the game tells you to press A you really have to press S and vice-versa. However, to my surprise, I do not have this problem. Maybe I'm just lucky. But, unfortunately, it does seem like a common problem so hopefully it gets patched.I hate that ♥♥♥♥ing Death Road of Despair platformer game. It'sREALLYdifficult with a keyboard {although, I'm  unsure if it's any easier with a controller.) In my opinion, it's not even a ""fun"" kind of difficult. It's more of a chore trying to beat it. But, unfortunately, there's probably an achievement tied to beating it. Not looking forward to that...(I may update the list if I find more things to add.}"
76561198023630774,Not Recommended,567640,35370673,Posted: 1 October,all,curry124242,Nice new system. Trash ending.
76561198067783041,Recommended,567640,35336280,Posted: 30 September,all,RedHawk,"Oh... my... Goodness...This game...This game makes some interesting choices compared to DR1 and 2, however I did feel alot more nostalgic of DR1 overall. I see that this game does definitly try to challenge itself with how far it will go compared to its previous games, because that is just what the danganronpa games have become, and how I felt about that? I did want it to end a bit quicker by the end, because that ending did mess with me alot, more than it should of.As for the characters, I know alot of people would agree that the first class trial feels like a cop out with that conclusion, and it does mess with me, until I start to make comparisons to myself and get comfortable with the change. As for the characters that get close to you narrative wise, I honestly felt like I was in Gurren Lagann, and thats all I will say for those who haven't played this game. This game will also make you hate certain characters, and one of them makes some creepy faces that now haunt my nightmares, so thanks.Gameplay and sound is pretty good as a continuation on the DR Series. Not too many tracks did stand out too amazingly for me other than the new Investigation music and the Monokubs theme, however I did have a hard time adjusting the music, voice and sfx just right for me throughout the game, but I hope nobody else had this problem. Voice acting is pretty on point although Shuichi's could've been a bit more timid early on, just a bit too deep to be believable. I enjoyed the new gameplay mechanics, however I will let you know that having the Lie mechanic be a one-every-trial thing made it really tough not knowing when to use it in the beginning, I also found that the Hangman's gambit was more challenging than either of the first two games, but had too many possibilites and having no blocks pre-filled made it tough, so if I ever did need to retry (2 times throughout the game personally) it was then. Otherwise, Psyche Taxi, Mind Mine, Mass Panic debates and Debate Scrum all did good giving me new experiences to remember, however I say don't get the Librarian's Glare skill if you want a challenge from the mass panic debates. The Armament Argument was much tougher than the previous game's PTA battles and since I actually played using my controller, which I am not used too, it was obviously a little bit tougher on my end.The visuals where much as I expected and didn't have too much flash but when it needed to catch your eyes, I think that they get the job done. Compared to the other games in the series, it definitely keeps it's signiture style which I have always liked, however Kokichi is pretty scary sometimes, like daym man, calm down. The update to the detective mode is appreciated, letting you know what is being selected and actually greying out what is not important is helpful in such a cluttered school.Now onto my personal most important part; the mysteries. This game is a mystery game and I enjoy cases the most where the evidence can only give you so much of an idea and the class trial is where you start figuring out the truth, because no-one wants a mystery that is obvious from the beginning (*cough*). But I can say that the 1st, 2nd, 4th and 5th cases definitely left me surprised, as I didn't want to believe the possibilities for murderers in the 1st, 2nd, and 4th, where as the 5th one just was too incredible to believe that it could be pulled off in the context. The 6th trial is completely down to you, I can't tell you how to feel about it but just know it's probably different for everyone.My Closing Argument: good game, my best girl doesn't love me and it's not as good as DR2... Obviously."
,Not Recommended,567640,35314279,Posted: 29 September,all,Chad,"Well, I didn't really wanted to make a review of Drv3 I just buyed it to enjoy it, and, I never expected that I would make a negative review.Let me explain a bit, I did not think that the game would be this expensive, but I didn't really care because I've been a fan for some years now. I really expected this game and I had my hopes really high, but it is not  what I expected, without spoiling anything I must say that the first chapters were really good, even among all the games, making me want to continue and playing many hours in a few days. But the end... It just really made me feel despair, but not like the other games, one that made me almost cry and laugh from a twist I found stupid and pretty comic.I'm sorry but for me Danganronpa has been a series of games with a great plot, and this one makes me think that the writer got a little lazy or just wanted to create a great impact, one that at least for me was horrible, the game is good but I really recommend to buy it when there are sales and with not high expectations."
,Not Recommended,567640,35462782,Posted: 3 October,all,Frabknando,"It's no Danganronpa 2.That's my legit review of this game. In my opinion at this game's lows it hits the series' worse lows and at its highs it barely manages to start to even scrape Danganronpa 2's highs. Admittedly the first twist in the game got me excited but pretty much every class trial afterwards is full of disappointment for cool concepts that could be. Doesn't help that unlike DR1 and DR2 your character is basically treated as if they're an omnipotent god by the other characters in the trial, the other characters besides the blackened constantly relying on you and basically going ""ya we don't know what happened, PLEASE help us mc we trust you to get it right."" Personally this took a lot of the triumphant feeling I got from playing someone like Hajime or Makoto that the other characters didn't trust, where it felt like you had to work and really chisel your argument out just to have the other characters consider it. Other than this the trial minigames are the most fun they've ever been, and I'm a huge fan of the lie mechanic and back routes, but these can't really shine due to the lackluster trials(Though holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Debate Scrums are the coolest♥♥♥♥♥♥EVER).And this is something that's going to vary a metric ton from person to person but I personally feel this is the game that the characters and their repeated traits finally crossed that fine line between quirky and obnoxious. DR games have always had the likable characters as a main selling point and for me they just weren't there this time. I don't know if it's the dub's fault but they all just felt so overdone and CONSTANTLY referencing the artificial traits that are supposed to make them unique. I've used the dub for all the games thus far and while overdone at points NONE have reached the sheer amount of cheese some of these god damn voices have.Also, there's the ending, which imo is worth mentioning. I won't spoil anything specific but I will say that if you're a big fan of the lore of these games you WILL be disappointed. I was ready the whole time for what would connect V3 to the lore of the original games but somehow it butchers the lore even harder than DR3 did, just in a different way. I've legitimately seen people call this the ""Worst ending to any video game they've ever played"" and while I'm not inclined to agree to something that extreme, I definitely think there's some merit to that opinion. Who knows though, so far from what I've seen from the initial wave of english players finishing the game you either love it or you hate it. Sadly, I'm on the negative side of that line.Right now I wouldn't recommend it at full price unless someone is either really afraid of getting spoiled (Which with such a polarizing and insane ending is a very real danger) or is a REALLY big fan of the gameplay specifically, because that's top notch."
76561198201092021,Recommended,567640,35397548,Posted: 1 October,all,Decimo,"If you're a fan of the previous games, there is a high chance that you'll enjoy this one as well."
,Recommended,567640,35385911,Posted: 1 October,all,Nobaddy,"Another great Danganronpa game from Spike Chunsoft. While I didn't enjoy this game as much as I did the second one, it was still a pretty good time with all the great mysteries, eccentric characters and good humor I've come to expect from the danganronpa series. This new game looks really good, and you can tell from the more polished artwork and presentation that a lot of effort went into this game. The trials gameplay are also the best in the series so far, with no minigames so bad you want to die and a lot of great additions to the trials. If you like Danganronpa and want more of it, Danganronpa V3 is definetively something you eventually would want to play, maybe after a price drop depending on the size of your wallet.I also thought the ending was good. A lot of the negative reviews are from people who didn't enjoy the ending, but I thought it was a good twist which can be seen in different ways. Some reviews urge people to stay away from this game because of the ""dissapointing"" last chapter , but even if you don't enjoy the last chapter theres still the 5 chapters before that to enjoy. I do believe that the invidual mysteries and the characters are the draw of the Danganronpa series, so even if you don't like the ending there is a lot to enjoy here.also don't believe the lies."
,Not Recommended,567640,35373150,Posted: 1 October,all,Ark,"The end will make you want to refund the game, mark my words."
76561198110866705,Recommended,567640,35401705,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr.SeaSalt,"Following up the themes of hope and despair, this new entry truly makes its mark with truth and lies. Danganronpa V3 takes you on an intense feels train, surpassing the first two games of the series. With the games colorful cast there is almost never a dull moment, from Kokichi's antics to Miu's hilarious one liners. You bet that there will be at least one student which you can find that you relate to. Compared to Danganronpa Trigger Happy Havoc and Goodbye Despair, I found the trials to be way more engaging. New minigames like mind mine and especially Scrum Debate help contribute to this overall feel. Another aspect of this game that I enjoyed were the levels of contributions each character had in a trial. Rather than leaving most of the theory crafting to the protagonist Kaede, all the students work out fascinating deductions. So buckle in and ""Let's give it everything we got.""Executions 10/10"
,Not Recommended,567640,35419329,Posted: 2 October,all,ValiantShadow,"I am a long-time fan of this series. Danganronpa, as a franchise, is at times gut-wrenching, hilarious, thought-provoking-- and at nearly all times, it's also completely batshit insane. Which is fine. It's great. Accepting the insanity is pretty much the price for admission to get in on this truly wonderful series.My fiancee and I both were looking forward to this new installment with an incredible amount of excitement. And for much of the game, all that anticipation was very much worth it: great new characters, intriguing mysteries, surprising twists!Then the ending happened. The last hour, hour and a half of this game completely invalidates everything that has come before, blatantly insults its fanbasae, and is one of the most holier-than-thou offensive ♥♥♥♥♥-slaps I've ever experienced in a video game. I can't say much more, or else I'll be going into spoiler territory, and I don't wish to do that.But goddamnit, this was such a disappointment.I can't recommend this game. As much as the game, as a whole, was a great deal of fun-- the way everything wraps up makes it impossible.Buy this on sale. A twenty or thirty dollar price point. Don't buy this right now, if at all."
,Not Recommended,567640,35443095,Posted: 3 October,all,Elitefire,". . . Where do I start?Reviewing Danganronpa is extremely hard without spoiling, so sorry for those who didn't finished the game, you won't fully understand my decision of why i don't recommand it.You play Danganronpa for the story, the universe; its extremely hard to review it without spoiling, so watch this part for those who want to buy it./!\ NO SPOILERS /!\Pros:+++++OSTs has always been a huge pro in danganronpa, and this one isn't an exeption, they all are glorious to hear. (SCRUM DEBATEis the most hype music in the series, afterSolar edition)++Graphics are much better on this one, its beautiful.+ the game plays on Lies and Truths.+Mini-games are great+Gameplay is also great as usual+Characters are always lovely. (Kaede best girl in this game)all of those are the usual pros of the danganronpa series.BUT.Huge cons:-""One shot"" games. if you know the entire story, you won't enjoy it as much as you did first.-PC port is garbage, it automaticaly setup your controls for XboxOne when it detect you have a controler. (even if its a emulator or a different controler (i got a Gamecube adapter)), and i even failed the first part of the game because of that---To launch the config menu of the game, you need to open the game THOUGH THE STEAM'S LIBRARY, not though desktop or taskbar.----I encountered a SOFTLOCK during the game (softlock is where the games continues to play, but whatever you do, you are stuck, it requires reseting the game.)------Sometimes inputs are droped, i don't know why, but its stressful on tense moments (i encountered it on late game at the most crutial moment)------------------------DO NOT CTRL+ALT+DEL, IF YOU LOCK YOUR PC THEN COME BACK, THE GAME IS LOCKED ON 100% OF YOUR RAM, YOUR PC WILL SCREAM IN AGONY AND THE ONLY WAY TO END IT IS TO SHUT DOWN THE GAME!Link is here if you don't trust me. i got 8GB ramThis is how the game normaly runs! (28 times less!!!!!)This is a clear sign of a♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port.No spoiler TL;DR: i can't recommand the PC port. even more at this price (60€ is huuuuuuuge, and you wouldn't feel it worth it if you encounter those problems)Play DR1 and DR2 BEFORE V3 because you won't understand ANYTHING of whats going on, its not newcommer-friendly at all.Do it like this:-Play DR1 OR watch the anime> Play DR2> watch the anime (3) and alternate from both arcs ( 1 - 1 - 2 - 2 - 3 - 3, etc)> THEN play this one......Now. Time to spoil the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game./!\ END OF NO SPOILERS ZONE, sorry guys but this is important. /!\/!\ SPOILERS ZONE, GET OUT IF YOU DIDNT PLAYED IT; THIS REVIEW FROM NOW ON IS JUST FOR PEOPLE WHO PLAYED IT UNTIL THE END /!\EDIT 1: i don't know if its due to bad french/english translation, but i couldn't understand the ending at first, and yeah, I stand on my point that the ending is rushed and too short. And i WANT to know what will happen after this game... the game itself is good, but endings are a crutial point on danganronpa games, and this one i didn't liked it much. argue on the comments; im open for arguments (and ready for a scrum debate anytime) and i would maybe change this review if you convince me. I'm a big fan of SDR2 thanks to the english voice acting and the hype it came out with.. . .They ♥♥♥♥ed up. they killed the entire serie just with this WORST ending ive ever seen.they kept lying to us, from teasers, demo to the entire game and right at the end... surprise! ""ITS JUST A PRANK BRO""Also the prologue ends short, whats hapening, what will happen next? whats going on? WHY DOES IT FEELS RUSHED?EXPLAIN PLEASEI REFUSE to acknowledge this story as the main plot. This is not what *I* wanted as a DR fan.Pros:+ lovely waifus survived++++ they took the time to call ALL DR's voice actors? holy jesus well done guys+++++++++ hype ending from survivors side, best chars HANDS DOWN, equating with Hajime, kyoko, nagito, chiaki.++++++++++++ I loved the HUD on the last trial, sometimes those color swaps are enough to make me happy.CONS:- exept best girl due to stupid lies.[FRENCH CON] - The french translation is sure good, but it droped meanings. (when i compared both translations it had a different experience, feeling, meaning).you sometimes are lost on whats going on because of anagram (I knew the ENGLISH word, but how did they translated it in french?) for example;MEMORY LOSS translated into Amnésie (amnésia in english), cause PERTE DE MEMOIRE is too long. alright i get itbut here was the impossible translationVICTIM HELPED translated into complice (accomplice, partner in crime in english), cause AIDE VICTIME / AIDE DE LA VICTIME was too long? And i was stuck for 2 mins because of that. it has a different meaning, and it was hard to understand at first.--new world order isOVERUSEDits suposed to be the most important music at the most important parts of the game, but now its just every times before the trial... no thanks^ link ^-- Back routes are just side dialogues... and based on the entire lie that is this game, it could have unlock diferent routes or endings.-- even if you know whats going on, you can't stop it. you can't avoid it, you can't do anything, not even a New-game+ plot, as a extra true ending. NOTHING.(Personal) ----- I understood what was going on BEFORE the last trial. thats why i was hoping to not having this ending but... rip--- Angie and Kokichi are extremely annoying.-----Korekiyo's motive is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T of the entire series HANDS DOWN.----- Miu is way too disgusting. she could have been good but its over the limit.------- I hated when Tsumugi kept swaping characters. And my hype instantly died when it swaped to kyoko.---------- I legit wanted Maki to kill Shuichi if he fails.-------------- worst ending ive ever experienced. This killed the entire hype ive had for Danganronpa. Unless they come up with a new game explaining in between games (like the 2nd anime), i will ignore what hapened.(too much -) The ending came up both extremely dispointing AND rushed, its obvious they rushed it, you could feel it.Not only the ending killed the entire V3 hype, but it also puts in question the ENTIRE universe...my canon ending would be:After all the games/animes; peace has been restored into the world. And to avoid """"""""""despair"""""""""" they came up with a TV show based on the ""true"" story of the killings. and years flew by, and now its the V3. But the survivors didn't felt neither hope or despair, but PAIN. So they decided to end up by collective suicide.but the REAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending would be: danganronpa is a TV show and has been extremely popular after the first 2 seasons. and kept koing until V3. Everything is fake and surprise... its real deaths!.... or not? was this ending is a LIE itself or not? whats going on? PLEASE TELL US!SPOILER TL;DRDon't play this game if you Love / want to try the danganronpa series,the ending will (for sure) ruin the entire hype for the serie, and put you into confusion, because the ending is rushed, cutted short, and not explained.Also PC port is♥♥♥♥♥♥Rating: 9/10until last trial, then 3/10."
76561198209921475,Recommended,567640,35346014,Posted: 30 September,all,Vitrus,"IMPORTANT INFO: The game currently has known issues relating to performance while using the Keyboard and Mouse controls, however these issues can be easely solved by playing with a controller (Steam, Xbox PS4).I, at the time of writing this, have spent 22 hours playing this game and have just concluded chapter 2.In my opinion, this game is currently surpassing all previous Danganronpa games, being far superior in both story and gameplay.Without spoiling anything, this game has, so far, had way more plot twists, shocking and even emotional moments then the previous games.Despite the current price of 60 euros I believe the game is worth the price if anything try and wait for the winter sale, hopefully it will go on discount."
,Recommended,567640,35394342,Posted: 1 October,all,Barendon,"Note: I only started case 3. I have overall 24 hrs on this game (lots of breaks , kept it running in the back though).I fully recommened buying this game, especially for people who liked the first two games in the series.Case 1 completely threw me off the bus at the end, even after predicting 75% of the outcome of the class trial. Case 2 was very predictable though, but it didn't make it any less good. Lots of new minigames during class trials, and they are fun. Characters are likeable, music amazing.What's not so good? the pc controls and the voice acting. Most of the voice acting is actually pretty good, but some stand out in how badly portrayed they are. (Shuichi especially). The pc controls are really bugged during trials, A and S are reversed and that makes the trials feel harder.Still, got A on both cases I'ved one.Summary: I may change my opinion over the course of the game, but right now - for those fan of the genre of crime solving, mystery and visual novels, this game is for you."
76561198143517109,Recommended,567640,35280014,Posted: 28 September,all,Slick as Heck,"The game itself is obviously good. The question is whether the port is good or not. From my experience, the controls are unresponsive and gitchy. However, this is forgivable considering this is a visual novel and not an FPS. I'm suprised they managed to mess up the controls of a visual novel, but it doesn't ruin the experience as you're literally just pressing left click the entire game. I'm just thankful this game is on steam and not PS4 exclusive.Edit: I believe you can fix the poor controls by playing with a PS4 controller. I may be wrong but it's worth a shot."
,Recommended,567640,35217841,Posted: 26 September,all,Rocky.,"I played this when it came out earlier this year so I will give you a bit of warning before you dive in. Please go into this game as blind as possible - Spoilers will ruin the game for you, seriously. Yes, you need to play Danganronpa 1 and 2. Don't worry about 3, we don't talk about 3.If you are unwilling to engage with this game on its own terms you will probably not enjoy it, you may even hate it, it is completely uncompromising in its linearity and creative decisions but also incredibly admirable in how confidently it delivers them and commits to them. If you get stuck on one detail of the games plot (particularly one early on that may ruin the game for some people) then you may miss the big picture and not see what the game is trying to tell you. Everything in this game is done to make you feel a certain way so the game can deliver its message to you in the final chapter. I would also recommend replaying the game for a second time after beating it, the final twist may feel like someone dropping a train on you but a second playthrough will make everything clear and give you a better appreciation of how well crafted the mystery is.When you beat the game, PLEASE do not seek out other people online to let them tell you how to feel about it even though you may want to. The only interpretation of this games ending that matters is yours. We live in the age where the Author is dead and the Explainer is everywhere, you do not need some marble mouthed YouTuber with a bizarre accent telling you how to feel about the ending.... or some rando in a Steam review.I see a lot of people finishing the game and rushing to mas their fists on their keyboards without digesting the ending, please think about it for a while. I promise you that it gets better once you think about it. Chew your food.Danganronpa V3 is an incredibly rewarding game if you are willing to engage with it and dissect it. It has occupied my thoughts for every day since its Japanese release and I am still finding new ways to look at what has been presented and find new ways to interpret it. I love it to bits and I want to kiss it on the mouth.Iruma is best girl btw"
76561198025752844,Recommended,567640,35402160,Posted: 1 October,all,[ LT.DAN ],"IGN said ""This game brings nothing new to the series""So I expected a predictable ending.Dude. No."
,Recommended,567640,35222095,Posted: 26 September,all,DeckeЯ,"No, that'sDanganwrongpa"
76561198024614698,Recommended,567640,35312353,Posted: 29 September,all,Discane,"Great game, also checkDangan 1Dangan 2Despair GirlsIn that order.If you interested, how to use money and levels - gather some money by pushing desks and chairs. Buy some items (use 1 coin per item at the start in vendor machine). You need to present items to characters during Free Time. Make sure you have item for a character (aikido girl love black belt and punching bag, artist girl love brushes and artist hat, cosplay girl love wigs and so on) and spend some time with him/her. You should get friendship fragment or something like that. Use these fragments to buy skills before trials and your level determines how many skills you can use.Grind not necessary coz amount of friendship fragments is limited anyway."
,Recommended,567640,35342447,Posted: 30 September,all,Dr.Prinny,"Just finished the game.A soild 9/10The storyline is good as ever.However,There are some obvious plot holes likecospox on Kaede, kokichi knowing the vault codeSome cases being too easy to solveCH4 looping worldUnderused plot device likenecronomiconPoor QA done on PC platform, where S and A keybinds are reversed. It can be easily spotted IF QA go through the game on PC at least ONCE.The endingtries too hard breaking the 4th wall than giving a satisfying ending, not conclusive nor strong as other installmentsAt least the minigames are fun"
,Recommended,567640,35382736,Posted: 1 October,all,Gatsu,BEARy amazing and funny sequel!
,Not Recommended,567640,35488214,Posted: 5 October,all,YumaKirosaki,"Pros:+ Trademark Danganronpa style and gameplay with an improvement or two here or there. The whole ""neo-futuristic"" aesthetic is mildly successful, with some areas looking particularly interesting.+ The audio is great as always, with a few new tracks and some call-backs to the past games.+ 30 Hour playtime for main story.+ While I have not tried the mini-games (as I have no interest for them), I've read that they are actually very interesting and distinctly different from the main game, furthering your playtime by a potential 10+ hours.+ First case was very impressive and I wish it was continued throughout, it was a fantastic way to start.+ Removed a particularly annoying minigame mechanic from the second game with Hangsman Gambit (but replaces it with a tedious mechanic instead?)+ A few of the new mechanics, such as mass panic or lying, are actually very interesting additions, albeit do not particularly add anything to the difficulty.Cons:- (This section says nothing too specific, but might be considered vague spoilers:)This game left a gigantic bad taste in my mouth. The story took a gigantically wrong turn. Without spoiling it, it trivalized the story you were following in the first two games while simultaneously lecturing you for it and 'playfully' mimicking your own arguments against it. Not only did it feel like lazy writing, but it also felt as if it came out of nowhere considering the tone of the series. It feels incredibly immature and insulting to the people who were actually invested in the series story. Then, it tries to ""AH! BUT WHAT IF?????? WHAT IF THEY WERE LYINGGG????"" you at the end, as if to pull you back in to the game. I'm sorry, DR, but you can't do that. You went all-in and then you tried to have your cake and eat it too.I think what makes it particularly so weak is that you could cut and paste the ending into any series easily, and it would be just as frustrating and alienating to your fans.- The cases are (overall) the weakest of the three games, and feel significantly lacking in depth and mystery.- A majority of the characters lack the varied personality of the last two game's characters, with exceptions being characters like Kokichi. In fact, it felt like a few characters had SO MUCH personality that they sapped it from the uninteresting husks surrounding them. Some, like Miu, had way, way, way, way, WAY too much personality.- Argument Armament is lacking in rhythm and mechanics. The panic/concentrate button has almost no purpose, it might as well not exist at all as it does nothing to help you except MAYBE at the very end of the game. The rhythm feels completely off for no particular reason, too. You'll end up having moments where you SWEAR you timed it perfectly but still get it wrong.- Psyche Taxi is a gigantic waste of time. In fact, a lot of the minigames feel this way. The minesweeper/matching block minigame is dull... The second game, while a tiny bit buggy, was a way more interesting time.- Like the last games, difficulty seems to be a significant issue with the series. I had one or two moments where I was at a loss, truthfully, but overall the difficulty never felt like anything resembling a hard mode, even on its hardest setting.- There are a few particularly annoying bugs, like having to open the config file to adjust controls and a bizarre glitch where your a and s keys switch.Overall:Not recommended.I really loved DR 1 and 2. I do not believe the company owes me anything beyond what any other game company technically 'owes me' for my money: a satisfying game.And most importantly, I can't say Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony was an overall bad time. If you like Danganronpa, you WILL at the very least enjoy MORE Danganronpa.So why do I not recommend this game? It boils down to three things...* DRV3's biggest issue is that it follows up what I feel are two of the best visual novel games released with gameplay that isn't quite up to par, a story that spits in the face of the last two games, and an overall experience that, while longer, felt far less engaging or interesting to interact with.* The ending is a significant let-down. I had heard rumors it was disappointing but I did not believe there would be any merit to those rumors with how positively the game is reviewed. I was wrong. If you enjoy the series even a little bit, it will hurt to see the way they have decided to end it. Assuming this is the end, anyway.* The price tag feels as though it is too much for the quality of the content.I would suggest waiting until the game is cheaper if you are deadset in getting it."
,Not Recommended,567640,35243617,Posted: 27 September,all,Nasty Crimeboi,"I'm sorryButI simply can not recommend that you buy this game IN ITS CURRENT STATE.I love the game, I absolutely do. Like I loved the previous parts. But.. The previous games had very solid pc ports. This one however, is absolute garbage.Cons:-Bad performance for a glorified visual novel-Input delays when using mouse/keyboard-Default Key Mapping is horrible-Menu usage is very bad-Some keys are displayed wrongly? (It tells me to press A but I need to press S and vice versa)-The first chapter is a little.. oddPros:-Likeable characters that are all gonna die, you know it-The usual despair-Upupupupubear is back, and he has backup-Very interesting setting.I preordered this game, the first game I preordered in years, and I am very upset. Until the devs fix the keyboard/mouse support, I can NOT in good conscience recommend that you buy it.Edit: The 60$ price tag is too much for the bad port. The previous, better ported games, are both 25."
,Not Recommended,567640,35235767,Posted: 26 September,all,FakeSword,"This game is excellent, I still cannot recommend the PC port until it is patched"
,Recommended,567640,35320916,Posted: 29 September,all,Fuckrat,Maki Harukawa.
,Recommended,567640,35219907,Posted: 26 September,all,Arcanon,Despair is a hell of a drug.
,Recommended,567640,35336395,Posted: 30 September,all,Penguin,"very steep pricetag (for now anyway) but 100% worth it if you are a danganronpa fan, since this game blows away 1 and 2. if you arent a danganronpa fan and don't know if you want to buy this, don't - buy 1 and 2 instead"
,Recommended,567640,35426493,Posted: 2 October,all,GrafZeppelin,"What I played:Completed the whole story, didn't bother with the unlocked minigames or collectables.And I completed it in Japanese. Just throw this here since I heard some of the jokes in the game are very different depend on languages (Very good job there, localization team). Which may make you scartch your head for things I listed as ""I don't like""Also a series veteran, completed all the games beforehand, and watched all the anime series.What I liked:Art style is nice as alwaysMusic is awesome too, there's some new tracks that I liked a lotCharacters are unique and over the top, true Danganronpa styleHigh quality voice acting (Japanese vocal)Overall murder cases are well-designedLots of reference and jokes about Otaku and gaming cultureThrilling ""Class trial"" with new feature such as ""lying"" spice up the debate even moreMonokumaMonokumaMonokumaWhat I didn't like:What's with all the sex jokes, they are everywhere and almost non-stop till certain point of the gameThe mini games during the class trials are somewhat boring and annoying to play, in my opinionSome characters are very lacking in personality in my opinion. This one is somewhat affected by the first point i listed in ""don't like"" sessionStory feel pale and boring at several points in the game, and they just keep spamming jokes and nonsense to you as fillerNew system such as ""lying"" in class trial should have more impact on story branching than they do in game nowThere's a lot of references towards older titles in the series, it's good fan service but may confuse new players a lot.Where I have mixed feelingFinaleStill a very solid game though8/10"
,Recommended,567640,35481001,Posted: 4 October,all,Ƒαє,"I think it's safe to say that this is my favorite one of the series. I loved the soundtrack, the story, the characters, the theme... basically everything about it. xD I think this game had a lot of good plot twists too, I don't remember being as surprised with the story for the previous games as I did this one. I also feel this one had more emotional moments than the previous games. As usual, make sure to keep a box of tissues around haha.I also ended up getting so addicted to this game where I played for hours on end... so be prepared."
,Recommended,567640,35224669,Posted: 26 September,all,Dels Kibara,"I'm going to update this review with a more updated version later on.But I'm going to give my first impressions of DRv3.First off.Are prologues allowed to be this epic and hilarious?Seriously, I couldn't help but feel tense. But I also couldn't help but laugh at the Monokubs.Secondly, the first Case is around 10 hours or so.Yes, I do only have 8 hours as of now and I haven't played the CT. But judging from how Class Trials usually are. It might take it to double digits.And since every chapter is longer than the previous one.There could be around 50-60 hours of story in the game.The Monomono Yachine is back, and the FTEs are also back.They're as neat as ever and I think the DR Team is becoming more lewder every game.Seriously, Miu f*cking Iruma is the lewdest video game character of all time.She is a f*cking blast.The first victim was someone I really didn't expect.I thought they'd be there until the very end, but no.Not gonna spoil it to you guys of course. But I think it's interesting that Spike went down that route.Also, I'm going to base my opinions on the CT on the Demo. Since they're basically the same.I think it's solid.I like the Lie Mechanic, even if most people think it's shoved in.It's a nice addition to a game where you point out lies.Like Ace Attorney for example.Instead of pointing out lies, you are the liar.I think that's a pretty neat concept.Edit v1:The minigames are most definitely the highlights of the trial.The revamped Rebuttal Showdown, Hangman's Gambit v3, Scrum Debate.They're all amazing and they're all fun in the right ways.Sadly though, the controls are a bit gimped as they're binded incorrectly.That is easily fixed by going into the config.txt file in the v3 install folder.All in all, first impressions had me hooked and I can't wait to 100% this game.I recommend this to you all."
,Recommended,567640,35233850,Posted: 26 September,all,Crao,11037/10
76561198104069162,Not Recommended,567640,35464013,Posted: 3 October,all,Alls3,I love danganronpa but the ending is such a rude uncaled for twist that I want my money back
,Recommended,567640,35232270,Posted: 26 September,all,モノクマ先生,First minigame more difficult than playing through the Dark Souls series blindfolded without taking any damageDespair / 10
,Recommended,567640,35222110,Posted: 26 September,all,iHassanFTW,I have been waiting so long for this game finally it's been released I love this so much Definitely everyone who loves mystery games should buy this
,Recommended,567640,35222458,Posted: 26 September,all,Swagbaku,"Great game so far, I'll update this review as I go through, while keeping it spoiler free.If you're having trouble with the Monopad (Menu), it's F1. Thanks to Jak XT for telling me!"
,Recommended,567640,35399889,Posted: 1 October,all,MrDuck,This truly is the Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony
76561198084576950,Recommended,567640,35417592,Posted: 2 October,all,ZIEL X,everything is a lie
,Recommended,567640,35487517,Posted: 4 October,all,Kriva,"Danganronpa V3 is certainly another adventure worthy of the franchise.Playing through both the first and second games this one did not disapoint. Some of the best and well thought out characters throughout the whole series lie in this game in my opinion.While the D1 can be defined by hope vs. despair and the second game sort of revolves around a similar concept but more to do with creating the future you see fit, DV3 has to do with truth vs. lies.They add many more mechanics in the game, and the bonus games after completion do not disapoint. The lying mechanic is very intresting in this game, and often requires abstract thinking when it is not required. The game has you use it about once a trial but they give you other opportunities to find a ""backdoor"" around a situation, using lies to uncover the truth.Even though I already have 66 hours on a pretty linear game, I certainly see myself putting at least 10 more hours into the game with the bonus features, but that really depends if you enjoy them or not.The price does seem a little steep compared to the other titles on steam, but this a brand new game compared to the other three which have been out for quite some time.This game also does seem to be the most polished out of the three and gives a completely different perspective on the franchise.If you enjoyed the story and adventure of the first two games then V3 will certainly not disapoint.53/10I do have some criticism as who done it and who dies seems to have become almost predictable, but maybe that's the point of this game in particular. (You'll know what I mean when you finish it).The mining mini-game was honestly torture the first time I played it because I didn't read the instructions, but otherwise on normal the game wasn't very difficult. Might have to replay it on hard, and attempt to find those backdoors.*Spoilers*So many people dislike the ending, and in many ways it is up for interpretation.Despite being marketed as a game that is seperate from the original DR universe, it turns out to be one in the same.At first I didn't like it just like many people who have experienced the ending, but I think that is what the intent is. As the conclusion to the game, it feels wrong. I know it is a game but as players/spectators we are not supposed to enjoy these killing games. It was for the effect not so much for the story, as absurd as it sounds."
,Recommended,567640,35484719,Posted: 4 October,all,Lopper,"Rise and shine, ursine!Finally finished the game after like 9 days of playing. Definitely the longest game so far. Pretty solid game, just as good as the previous games. Lot of cool new features and everything feels more refined. Graphics are alright for what it is, artwork is very nice, music is awesome. Characters are all unique and interesting. Miu best girl. Bla bla bla, don't want to put much about it cause might be a spoiler but basically it's just as good as the previous games and all the features have been improved from the previous games and there's even a casino if you like gambling your life away. But yeah there's a lot of new stuff and a lot of returning stuff and I enjoy the monokubs and monokuma is great as always. The only problems with the game I had was once when exiting a room the game randomly froze for no reason and then there was that bug where in the trials the A and D keys were switched but in the new patch that was fixed so its all good. Aside from that didn't have any problems really so pretty solid game. The price of the game is a bit steep if you ask me but you're going to get a good 50 hours out of it depending how much side stuff you try to do but its up to you to decide how much its worth.I'd say definitely buy this if you are a fan of the other games. Filled with thrills, chills, kills and crippling depression. 9/10SPOILER SECTIONGet ready for the best mindfմck yet. The game pretty much trolled everyone I mean at the beginning I thought oh cool a female main char for once but nope she dies in the first chapter so much for that, and in the end it turns out she didn't even kill anyone. Pretty insane ending aswell implying that everything that happened in the previous games and the show was all fiction and so is V3 and its pretty funny how there's even a hint to that in the title, its not V3 its 53 so yeah 53 killing games and all that pretty crazy, hard to wrap my head around really but I enjoyed it. Somehow people still survived at the end though even though they're fictional characters though, makes you wonder where the next game will take iteself. But it is a shame that the rest of the games basically don't exist inside the fictional world that is non-fiction but not our world but the fiction real world that lives within the games universe. If you get my drift. Overall pretty mental"
,Recommended,567640,35278584,Posted: 28 September,all,Kobol,Finished the main story. Not for everyone but still very good. Not recommended to beginners of the series because they won't understand some references.Pros:Arguably good storylineLooks and plays well (as it was built with the PS4 in mind)Looks and plays like a Danganronpa Game. You can expect that and maybe a bit more.Cons:A and S were swapped in some of the class trial games but you can use a controller or apply a temporary fix to play properly.Expensive.Recommendation: Buy if you've played the other games and have quite a bit of cash. Watch out for the PC bugs though.
,Recommended,567640,35231146,Posted: 26 September,all,Christoph,"Danganronpa V3 , fresh out of the metaphorical box. A fresh new take on a perhaps tired series , lets see if it holds up.Also yes I finished the game in 29 hours i'm a quick reader. Also , don't get me wrong , I got through the game in 4 days , so by no means was it dull or unengaging.Graphics: 8/10The graphics are extremely well done. The art style and especially the colors help to build tension for especially tense moments. As always , Danganronpa has its pink blood , which I'm beginning to think is more effective because it just stands out more ominously. However , this is only the 2D graphics. I would give the 2D graphics a 9/10.Unfortunately , the 3D graphics are much worse , and although are detailed enough to inspect , you could see the low resolution quite a lot of the time. I would give it a 7/10 , just because it's detailed enough to inspect.Story: 8/10The story overall was fantastic , it was the ending that spoiled it for me. The twists and turns , the betrayal and confusion , that's why I play Danganronpa , and V3 pushes it along for the most part. In every trial everything was uncertain , you'd find clues you missed earlier and that could make you re-evaluate everything , especially in the 1st and 5th trial. Overall it would be a 9/10 aswell.The ending was meh , and honestly I feel like it dragged the rest of the game down. Without spoiling too much , I feel like it deviates from the plot far too much and wastes the opportunity to become a solidly tied ending. I feel like it relied on the classic 'hope' and 'despair' shtick a bit much. Truth be told , it just didn't go in a direction I likedand that includes the epilogue aswell. All in all , it felt a bit weak.Environment: 7/10The environment is expansive , but compared to what I felt from the second game it was quite weak. Similar to the first game , you are in a school , basically trapped in a giant birdcage. It's not extremely thrilling but the environment is good enough to support the plot , and that's fine. Overall , it's above decent.Characters: 8/10If you view Danganronpa V3 as a box of chocolates , the chocolates would be the characters. Regardless of the fact that they would fit into a square box exactly , each character has a different unique flavour per se. The cast is intruiging , consisting of 'The Ultimate Supreme Leader' and 'Ultimate Robot' , which was sure to make the story unique and interesting. All the characters do feel fresh , with cool character designs and personalities , although I guarantee you that you shouldn't try and get attatched to one , as they will probably not live to the end.Sound: 9/10The sound in Danganronpa V3 is great , the soundtrack seems familiar to the other games , but nonetheless it was wonderful. I think the sound greatly contributed to the tension , which is a large factor of why you should play this game. The sound is a large indicator of what's happening , because sometimes you'll hear an ominous soundtrack kick in , but there's nothing seemingly wrong. It also sets the tone for the game , which I can appreciate.Gameplay: 8/10The gameplay doesn't have to be vastly Interactive to be good , and I think Danganronpa V3 is a great reminder of that. This is a first person game for the most part , but you don't hold any guns or weapons whatsoever. You can investigate crime scenes , which is pretty much just squeezing dialogue and story out of everything you see.Then you get to the class trials. The class trial gameplay can be offputting at first , as you have to learn a lot of things to take part in such a trial. You do learn. The non-stop debate gamemode means you have to select 'truth bullets' , and these 'truth bullets' are facts you can shoot at a statement. You need to think about all clues the 'truth bullets' have , and whenever someone says something you think is contradictory , or something you agree with , you can shoot the bullet and forward the trial.There is also a lie function. For those who want to take an extra step , in later trials you can make a false claim yourself , which only works if you're clever with your lies , but is nonetheless a feature which I very much enjoyed >=).A new minigame I enjoyed was scrum debate , which basically sets one team against the other. The opposing team usually says something about how a person in question is/isn't the culprit. It's your job to examine the claims they make and pick apart the key words,  and then match the key words with the ones you have. The quick-paced minigame , paired with quick-paced music makes for a quick-paced experience.Overall: I was mildly dissapointed , for a £50.00 game I did expect more from the ending. At times the game moves sluggishly , but overall I think it has more worth for your money than a lot of other games for its price. A solid 8.5/10 , due to the enjoyment of the game being high despite the awful , attrocious ending , which I'm willing to overlook in the hopes that they learn from their mistakes and make another game , but this time with a much better ending.*Notice*I wasn't spoiled of any aspects of the game , so this was a fresh view with no outside influence."
,Recommended,567640,35464171,Posted: 3 October,all,ConnZombie Luminary Of The Stars,"Note this review will be completely SPOILER FREE (only spoilering very early mechanics even featured in the demo and one sentence near the end with appropriate tags), but very detailed on what I personally enjoyed about the game.I went into the game completely blind and enjoyed it immensely because of this. Any spoilers would destroy the sense of accomplishment that comes from beating this game, and so I won't deprive you of this pleasure.I feel the best way to describe this game is in pros and cons, as is apt for most reviewers to do. So here we go.(This review may be added to over time)PROS-Character design and voice acting.While I was skeptical of the appearances of a lot of the characters in the game upon viewing the initial screenshots, the characters are charming and grow on you extremely quickly. This becomes very apparent towards the middle stages of the game, and easily makes the characters some of (if not) the best group in all of Danganronpa. Not just that, but the voice acting steals the show. My favorite character's voice was Teruteru from Danganronpa 2, and there are times when certain character's voice acting emotion and range can surpass even the chef himself. Also the Monokubs are phenomenal and I want them to come back in every single game.-Minigames.A common complaint for the earlier Danganronpa games is the lack of consistent minigame design, and downright frustrating mechanics (those who played the first case in DR2 will know exactly the parts I'm speaking of). This is not the case in Danganronpa V3. With a few minor exceptions, the minigames are fun, fast-paced, and give challenge for all skill-levels of players. I especially enjoy Rebuttal Showdown due to the speed of it. Overall, there isn't a crappy one in the bunch.-Monocoins.Another frustration with the earlier games was the somewhat locked nature that you had in acquiring Monocoins. I won't spoil exactly how this is remedied, but go into the game knowing that acquisition of currency has been made substantially easier, and it is welcome because of that. 100%ing the game isn't gonna be as hard or luck-based as previous entries.-The Twists.Oh my God. This game is on another level when it comes to twists. Simply playing through the first trial puts you on the edge of your chair, and these carry throughout the entire rest of the game. A fakeout that led me to almost giving this game a negative review was faked-out, and changed this review into a strikingly positive one. And the final plot twist is so gracefully handled that I was on the edge of my seat the entire time. It's probably the best final twist I could've hoped for. Simply amazing.-Graphics.This is immediately apparent from the screenshots, but can only be truly appreciated ingame. The upgrade in visual fidelity helps greatly, and it helps me get immersed into the game when characters and environments can do way more than before.-Customization.Short and easy. Your Danganronpa can now feel like YOUR Danganronpa.CONS-The lie system.This one really got to me enough to have to put a point on it. What was advertised in the demo as an extremely common system that would come into play is left on the sidelines. At point in time when I said that a statement was a lie was it of my own accord. Any time you need to lie in the game is usually prefaced by your character basically saying ""Yes, THIS is when I need to lie!"". This ruins any tension or thought needed when it comes to using this mechanic, and as it is very frustrating on its own it probably could've just been left out of the game.-Glitchy controls (IMPORTANT).I'll preface this by saying this is not due to my setup. No other game has this problem with my keyboard and mouse setup, and I specifically went into configuration to make sure everything was correct (I use QWERTY). Throughout the entire length of the game, I had major issues with the controls. The key ones I experienced being that both mouse buttons and the enter key would sometimes not respond at all, and would only begin working after several attempts. This led to a few failed segments and having to run through arguments again.But the worst offender was in minigames that required QTE timing. My A and S keys were swapped for some odd reason, and pressing one would act like it was pressing the other. As I did not wish to spoil myself by Googling to fix the issue, I dealt with it for the entire length of the game. Now googling answers after this review, it seems I am not the only one with this issue. Please keep this in mind when beginning to play with keyboard and mouse, and try to justify using a gamepad/controller instead.This was fixed in a recent patch. Disregard.-Early game characters.As I stated above, I think the characters are extremely charming and well put together. However, this mainly applies towards the middle/end parts of the game as I stated above. Sadly, until you reach certain points in the story, you will hate the characters in this game. In fact, I think the early game characterization in Danganronpa V3 makes the characters downright despisable. It was a challenge to find a character I wanted to start giving gifts to because none of them interested me, or I just wanted to choke them and get them out of my game. All I can say is power through, because this is resolved quite easily over time.NEUTRAL-The humor.While this game has shiny moments of humor that destroy me (coupled with the amazing voice acting to deliver it), there is a LOT of meme humor. Like, a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton. Like a lot of the jokes are just references or memes on recent events. This may be your cup of tea but it was definitely not mine.SPOILER: NOTE THIS NEXT COMMENT IS PURELY BASED ON MY OWN OPINION AND SHOULD NOT BE READ IF YOU HAVE NOT FINISHED THE GAME-A slight lie in advertising.When going into this game, judging from the first line in the game's description of features, I was assuming this was going to be outside of the entire old universe when it stated ""a new beginning"". Sadly this is not the case, but I was happy to realize that the story is wrapped up tightly for all of Danganronpa with this game.END SPOILERAll in all, I highly recommend this game. It is easily the best Danganronpa game in my opinion simply due to the heart and soul put into it. The team clearly knew what they were doing after 2-3 games and it shows. If you have ways to get around the cons (controller, tolerance, etc.) then you will find yourself a near-perfect Danganronpa experience leagues above the other games."
,Recommended,567640,35310456,Posted: 29 September,all,Lowlander2,"V3 continues the unique appeal of Danganronpa, with its overall mystery married to little nuggets of whodunnit, themselves arguably done better than ever before, and the ending must be seen to be believed. It is, however, a notch below its predecessors, due to some questionable plot choices, a less engaging overarching plot and a generally worse pace. Still, I would argue the character lineup is more well-rounded than ever, but V3 overall lacks the immediate punch of the other two."
,Recommended,567640,35402685,Posted: 1 October,all,Ecotro,"Before I start, I'll try my best to keep this review nice and simple to understand. If I do end up using spoilers, I will try my best to mark them properly.Now onto my thoughts.To begin, Danganronpa V3 is the third main series game of the DR franchise, and overall, the 4th installment in the DR video game lineup. I highly recommended that you finish the Hope's Peak Saga before diving into this game, to get a feel of the general formula, and the fact that V3 builds upon the previous main series entries, improving on the majority of their flaws. For those who might need assistance, the entries areDanganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair, Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls,Danganronpa Zero, Danganronpa Gaiden: Killer Killer, andDanganronpa 3: The End of Hope's Peak Academy/ Danganronpa 3: The End of Kibogamine Gakuen. I bolded some of these entries since they are mentioned the moment you boot up the game, and serve as the main timeline of events.PlotThe game starts off similar to the rest of the main series games, but does its best to shake up the formula a little. The plot  gives an interesting build-up, keeping you on your toes and anticipating for what is to come. Some things are obvious to point out such as (Chapter 5)Apocalyptic World, though this one seems to focus on saving humanity instead of destroying it unlike the previous installments.There will be many tears shed, many nightmares made, and many feelings satisfied or broken. The cases and trials were wonderful to solve for the most part, aside from the last chapter. To keep it minimalistic, the ending is a mixed bag, as it either possibly make or break the game for you. (Chapter 6)I will say that the ending is something of a controversial matter, though how I interpretted the ending is to ""not get immersed too much into fiction over reality,"" and ""how fiction can sometimes change your point of view."" These honestly are some good points to remember, as yes it is fine to read and learn from fiction, but don't let it become your life. Another thing that I got from it is how it might be Kodaka's message to the people on how he's exhausted of making Danganronpa games in general. I interpreted the overall ending as how he is tired of being asked to make more games for the series since sequels are probably asked constantly. I can understand what he means by this. Man's great at making this game, but it's best that we leave him be, as to not stress him. Back onto the topic, the chapter being meta overstayed it's welcome for me, as it felt that it dragged on, to the point of just being tired at the end. Whether this was intentional or not is unknown to me.So overall, a great build-up that will either make or break you.CharactersWe have a variety of new characters for this nice little game. It actually feels refreshing to not see any familiar faces. It's like a mini restart in a sense. Each character is just as uniquely written as the previous games. Though some share some similar tropes and such, with a repeating cycle of categories, each character was great to talk withAside from Angie, though that might be my personal opinion towards her.I enjoyed learning from the majority of the cast around me, as each had their own ways of entertainment and backstory to tell. Overall favourites for me are Kokichi Ouma, Shuichi Saihara, Kaito Momota, and Tenko Chabashira. It's not bad that you don't agree with me, as you can form your own opinions about the cast yourself.SettingThe setting of this place looks to take more inspiration from DR1 then adding a small bit of DR2. It's not bad in a sense. It's great that they tried to recreate the dark atmosphere of the first game that lacked in the second game. It does it's job at making a variety of unique rooms and areas to visit, along with adding small ""personal rooms"" for each participant. Each room shows us the personality of each character that fits their exact needs for a situation or to practice their talent.ProtagonistNow let's talk about our protagonist: Kaede was a nice fit for the player to be with since she gives a welcoming aura for us to easily bond with. She's your typical hope beacon. (Chapter 1)She turns out to be the Chapter 1 killer, which honestly suprised me, but I think it was for the best, since she got plenty of time to interact (even if majority was with Shuichi), and honestly, if she stayed long enough, I think she would have turned out to be a Mary Sue.(Chapter 2)So after Kaede is killed, we are given control of Shuichi. Honestly, Shuichi started off a bit meh to me, but he develops nicely, as he learns to not really be afraid at what his talent makes him do. He development is done great, as he is taught to be more confident in himself.MastermindNow I apologize for this large black area, but if I am to discuss the protagonist, the mastermind/antagonist must be discussed as well.(Chapter 6)So our mastermind for this fine game is Tsumugi Shirogane, and she's......eh. She was one of the characters I was looking forward to in this game, but her personality just doesn't amount to much. She just feels like she is there for the most part until her big reveal, not getting her own character arc compared to the other characters. Himiko had her arc in Chapter 2-3, Maki had hers 3-5, and Kiibo got his after Chapter 5. Because these characters got their development arcs, Tsumugi just felt....bland compared to them. She then turns out to be an overobsessive fangirl of Danganronpa, which honestly, would have suprised or phased me more if she was more fleshed out. Her character lacked growth throughout the game, and it made me upset that she only lasted that long just because she was the mastermind. I only remember that she is around from the constant references she makes to other media. Her mastermind persona is a combination of obsessive fangirlism with Junko + all the DR1/2 cast. It was infuriating to sit through, as I just wanted her to shut up around a third of the way through. The constant switching of characters hurt to watch as it was hard to keep track. Her mastermind persona is Junko if she had like 50 personalities. I was honestly hoping for a better mastermind that didn't rely heavily on Junko to make them look interesting. Also, if she confirmed that all of the characters are fake,then what was the cospox? It was never explained and talked about during the trial, quite possibly a major oversight by the writers.GameplayGameplay is similar to the previous two entries, building upon themscrew Hangman's Gambit though.Debate Scrum and Mind Mine are nice new additions to the gameplay, as it adds more variety to chose from. Nice that you can practice three of these games outside the trials. Oh, and you can gamble your sweet money away at the casino.Bonus Mode has a Board-Game that takes place in a Non-Despair AU of the Danganronpa Universe, mixing the three main game characters into one school. We got the School Mode/Dating Simulator, Card Slot Machines, and a Dungeon Crawler.Overall ThoughtsSo after what I said, do I recommend this game? Yes I do, though I recommend to get the game on sale unless you're desperate to get the gamelike myself who saved up for it until release. It's still a good experience to play through, and I still need to touch the Bonus Mode a bit more to see how much I can get out of the product."
,Recommended,567640,35256793,Posted: 28 September,all,NotoriousBusinessMan,"Simply put if you've played Danganropna one and two (Which you should before this one, considering its the third) then you'll love this one. The new cast is amazing, even the monokubs which I thought would just be plain annoying ended up being quite likable!The story gameplay is the same, walk around and talk during freetime, investigate when someone you love ends up dying. However the Trials have been extremely fleshed out making the gameplay a bit more engaging without being annoying like I felt with a lot of DR2s minigames.The only issues I've had playing through the first chapter is a minor bug during one of the new trial minigames, where you have to mash keys, one of which being the A key... Which would be fine If the A key actually worked, instead they wanted me to mash S. I minor annoyance that I hope doesn't become a major issue, and will hopefully be fixed with time.EDIT: The A and S switch is a bigger issue than I thought, there is a rhythm game at the end of the trail as there was in the previous games, but this one requires you to hit specific keys which are STILL broken for this minigame, however there is a fix for this in the games config, I just wonder how this got past development.Overall if you're a fan of Danganropna and want more thrills, chills, and kills, this installment does all of those and more."
,Recommended,567640,35314891,Posted: 29 September,all,564,"Having just finished the 2nd chapter clocking in at 20 hours, I thought I have experienced enough to share my thoughts about the game.Overall I think the game is the best in the franchise so far. The cast is amazing, and the first two cases kept me on the edge of my seat the entire way through. The production quality is much higher than the previous games, and the game feels a lot more polished.The minigames are a lot more fun. The V counters feel great to pull off. The game offers a fairly good challenge at the highest difficulty. I could go on and on about the good things about the game. Just think the last games, only a lot more polished.For negatives, there is only one real issue I have with the game, that being how the text appears in non-stop-debates. While it may have been easily readable in Japanese, the weird formatting, placing the text at weird angles, and throwing the text around makes it incredibly difficult to read, to the point where I've had to let the sequence loop around three or four times just to be able to read what people were saying before I could think about any of the truth bullets.TL;DR - It's great. At the very least play the first two main titles before playing this."
,Recommended,567640,35231205,Posted: 26 September,all,Captain Daddy,People will look at the price tag and wonder if it's worth it... Just after Chapter1 i've gotten my money out of the game 10/10 for the series
,Recommended,567640,35261651,Posted: 28 September,all,MikuChrome,"This is the first time I spent this much money on this series or you could say Visual Novels itself.So I think its good for me to leave some review on this game.They patched the A and S key problem now what's left is just Frame rate dropped in some area.Class Trials minigames improved a lot they are mostly enjoyable.Graphic.... well I love Danganronpa artstyle for a while and this one is great as well.School area does look good visually. The ""2.5 D"" graphic does its job.Story:You could be disappointed. If you love how DR1/2 stories go.Others: V3 actually gives you more things to do thanks to the addition ofCasino area and There's a dungeon crawler mode as an end game bonus as well which is a nice addition to the game.I love this series and this one is actually even better for me because there's not much frustated moment and the game itself offers much more from what the first 2 game has to offer.In the end with its current price its up to you to decide wether or not this is worth your money.Worth it or not it doesn't change the fact that this is probably the most expensive thing you could throw your money at and its a Visual Novel.By the way the game also has great new soundtracks. (Mostly applies on those new minigames.)Also I'm so hyped about this release that I played the Demo and got attracted to certain char, I ended up got totally demolished that way. Who knew Demo could do this right?"
76561198041081464,Recommended,567640,35317215,Posted: 29 September,all,Jay-Shay,"I like this game a lot so far, I think I'm about halfway through it? I don't know, I'm on chapter 3.But I find this game unplayable without a controller, because it didn't explain what the PC controls were, and it's definitely set up for console.Also...it crashes, A LOT. Which isn't always bad if you remember to save, but during trials you can't really do that, and I am so fed up of having to redo so much.I'm still recommending it, but I'd wait until those issues are fixed."
76561198139756861,Recommended,567640,35389181,Posted: 1 October,all,Projectsoul,"First off. If you have never played a Danganronpa game you should play Danganronpa 1, Danganronpa 2 and Ultra Despair Girl because this game contains spoilers of those games.It wouldn’t be a Danganronpa game without a weird, varied cast of characters, and Killing Harmony might feature my favorite cast of the three main games. This visual Novel, adventure, murder mystery game is long.40 hours to complete the main game, another 40 to play optional content.Each Trial and mini-game does a great job of keeping you on your toes, even as a player who played the previous parts. The game has some of the best twists I have seen in the age of danganronpa. I get why people might not like the 6th chapter, but for me personally, it fits the whole picture.I would recommend Danganronpa V3 to everybody who is into these sort of games. I waited almost a year for the release and I am very happy that I didn't face any spoilers.Spoilerfree Tip:Listen to what the cast is telling you, everything is important"
,Recommended,567640,35507202,Posted: 5 October,all,DeathnoteHyperness,"most of my new friends died :') and some of their executions were positively gruesome.The game mechanics are really good, and the ending game made me feel both despair and hope. Although it makes me wonder if there is gonna be more Danganronpa after this game."
76561198403265683,Recommended,567640,35222614,Posted: 26 September,all,sora762,nishishishishi/10best game evr
,Recommended,567640,35441940,Posted: 3 October,all,Truly Slothful,"V3 is the greatest yet most divisive entry to the Danganronpa series yet.Whilst I think the amount and quality of content available justifies the price tag, how hard the ending ♥♥♥♥s you really varies from person to person, but for me completely soured the entire experience.It definitely seems like Kodaka is done with these games but I hope the franchise will continue and evolve in some way, the lie mechanic is very promising and i just need more danganronpa in my life i will buy every game i dont care im dr trash nothing will satiate my hunger for killing game simulators and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ waifubait please MAKE MORE GAMES I NEED MY HOPE HUSBANDOS MMMM AAAA I WANT MONOKUMA TO♥♥♥♥♥♥ME"
,Recommended,567640,35240599,Posted: 27 September,all,juanduribero,"""An important hole near some bush?Sounds familiar, am i right ladies?""Those lines got me good. BEST GAME EVER"
76561198177195226,Recommended,567640,35287730,Posted: 29 September,all,CrystalSparkle,"Pros:- Nice plot and intrigue- Different phases to satisfy everyone, whether you like just following the story and interract with characters or you enjoy solving a mysterious death and going through a whole trial- More action during trials- Long lifeCons:- The graphics could be better in full screen- A and S on the keyboard are reversed, which almost made me fail a phase in a trial."
,Recommended,567640,35224032,Posted: 26 September,all,Shuichi Saihara,"""If a lie is a believable lie, it might just become the truth."""
,Recommended,567640,35221374,Posted: 26 September,all,Lauthai,"So far having only played through the prologue of the game, it has already been amazing!  The story is great, the art is amazing, and the music is flawless as well.  I can't say there is anything I find poor about this game!"
76561198164832229,Not Recommended,567640,35320146,Posted: 29 September,all,Magnus,The gameplay was still great and all plus i loved the other two games but the ending was total♥♥♥♥♥
76561198056527936,Recommended,567640,35219580,Posted: 26 September,all,TABOOTY,Smacking Simulator 2017I rate it 5 monokubs outta 5 monokubs.
,Recommended,567640,35222678,Posted: 26 September,all,jr_knight,"Hello despair, my old friend"
,Recommended,567640,35222707,Posted: 26 September,all,ekrow,Your waifu will be killed anyway so don't even bother
,Recommended,567640,35218694,Posted: 26 September,all,DukeofMurk,"I was prepared to be amazed and amazed I was, so much so that I fell to my knees. Truly a magical game worth playing, no tricks or lies here, I'm telling the truth!"
,Recommended,567640,35219514,Posted: 26 September,all,Niles Makoto,I strongly recommend this game! It is veeeerry great in detail and gameplay.
76561198039859166,Not Recommended,567640,35432705,Posted: 2 October,all,NyanWulf,"DRV3. tl;dr If you played DR 1 and DR 2, and are a loyal supporter of the series, this game might not suit your taste. Judging from steam's review recommendation score, 1 out of 5 hated it, and I think possibly quite a few amongst the 4 out 5 would think it as meh. I'm amongst the meh and kinda pretended to see it as the developer trolling us. At its current price point, however, I'm not recommending it (mainly because it's still not fully voiced). Buy it during sales.*Minor Theme Spoilers on earlier series of danganronpa 1 and 2.*In many ways, I admire the director/creator/storywriter (?) to completely ruin their franchise. The themes for DR 1 and DR 2 can be said as Hope vs Despair, Future, respectively. DRV3's theme comes across as the boldest (or most insane) attempt to completely subvert the the themes there.If I was to look at DRV3 as a standalone product with the prequels, it's not too bad. It has some really iffy word-catch needed at the end for the puzzles and the characters are somewhat interesting. At the same time, the game suffers from  a lack of intensity and proper mastermind derived from the theme.Character cast.Sadly, the cast does not compare to DR1 and DR2. The earlier series were colorful and varied, while this paritcular cast range from waifu material to downright annoying. The great reveal at the end didn't help in making them interesting either, so I will say the cast is passable at best.Puzzles.Ranges from really quite good to you're-pushing-it. Some of them relies too much on coincidences or convenient flaws as to why the murderer failed in succeeding. Maybe once is still fine but any more than that is weak.Gameplay.Improved over the previous DRs. I really like the ""back route lies"" as it gives slightly more depth to the protagonist. Minigames were better than before and it seems like the bonus modes after the game were plenty. You can unlock artwork, music and plenty others with monokuma coins in the extra mode too.Music/GraphicsEven more stylish and polished, although the ""augmented arms battles"" looked as though a junior artist did the sprites.Ecchi level.You might be wondering what's happening here, but honestly the game has a freaking kamasutra hotel. I guess all I want to ask is, do robots have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?Voice acting.Hit and slight misses given the large cast. There were some ridiculously whiny characters voices and really impressive ones. I kind of switched back and forth in English and Japanese. The male detective in the Jap dub is actually voiced by a female, again, and she's less impressive than the previous DR 1 and DR 2. Overall, both dubs are fine to listen to.Controls.I used a keyboard and mouse. I don't think I saw a guide on the keyboard functions, and I kept pressing esc as the usual menu button, but nope, it's F1. Mildly annoying and if you want to skip cutscenes it's F3. Not explained either. So this could be a section where it's improved."
,Recommended,567640,35412673,Posted: 2 October,all,Wolf Angelus,"*No spoilers or detailed discussion on chapters, except where blacked out by the spoiler tag*Very enjoyable, but when comparing it to the 1st/2nd games, and the price tags, I was expecting a bit more for sure. The last class trial I was expecting to be far longer, and in comparison to the last ones from the first 2 games, didn't feel quite as epic in terms of actually playing. It was a bit dragged on with the amount of surprise being on the lower end. Playing on Mean difficulty, I thought this would have been much harder. It felt like the easiest of the 3 games, but I am pretty good at mystery solving as is, so it might not be entirely fair.Brief Outline/Thoughts on Chapters:Chapter 6 Trial - A bit disappointing. Too easy and direct to the point, there wasn't a huge back and forth or mystery to it. When you think on the purpose of this trial carefully, the answer becomes obvious incredibly quick, and reveals the truth/lies too fast. If you were expecting a lengthy and complex back and forth like the other 2 games had, this one missed the mark. The twist is very different though and if you think about it a bit, makes a lot of sense. The power of perspective is used, so you have to be able to open your mind to the perspective of the characters.Mystery level difficulty 2/5Chap 5 - Well done and very perplexing. This is the confusion level and back and forth I was expecting from the other chapters. The choices and reasoning is quite interesting and unexpected. This one will keep you guessing till near the end of the trial as it pulls you between the choices.Mystery level difficulty 5/5Chap 4,3,2 - Quite interesting. The deaths of each case are interesting, but somehow didn't feel overly confusing. If you pay attention to each character's action, role, and reasoning through the investigation, as well as read the evidence notes again, you can narrow the suspect list down very quick. They felt easier than in the 2nd game. The problem here is the variables are too narrowed down to begin with, as well as which character insisted on doing what during the course of the murder. Chapter 3 specifically is incredibly obvious if you know your retro games, sadly.Mystery difficulty level 3/5Chap 1 - This will throw most off. There is quite a surprise waiting. The hints and evidence make it near impossible to figure out until the surprise is dropped on you. There is a major, suspicious piece of potential evidence that you will see that you can't interact with. Those who notice itThe odd, metal closet in the bathroomwill more than likely have an issue with this, given its significance and impact.Mystery difficulty level 4/5Class Trial Games / Casino Games:Nonstop Debate - Truth/Lie: You know these, with the exception that you can lie through certain statements and take an alternate route in a discussion, but end up at the same spot.Rebuttal Showdown - You know this too, the standard slash through opponents words game.Mass Panic - Basically it is nonstop debate, but 3 people talking at once.Split Decision - Loved this one, it puts 2 teams against eachother when their decisions are opposite. Command your team to counter the correct words in a group effort, with a button mashing clash at the end*Psyche Taxi (Also a Casino game) - This is like the snowboard minigame from #2. It was too easy and I preferred the snowboarding minigame by far.*Mind Mine (Also a Casino game) - A bit of a minesweeper game, break like-color block groups, and it changes the neighbouring blocks it touches to the next one in the color sequence. Your goal is to excavate the answer. Too easy though and impossible to fail.Hangman's Gambit - You know this one well, the twist is that the letters are dark and you use a flashlight to momentarily see the lettersArguement Armament Battle - A rhthym based game, a bit like DDR, but with ABXY. The game gradually speeds up as the game goes on. Loved this one too though. At the end you form the correct combination of 4 choices to spell the final word.*Slot Machines - Casino Only - Casino has a slot machine to play on*Fish catching - Casino Only - Scoop the correct colored fish, like Hangman's Gambit, you use a flashlight to see the colorsClosing Arguement: Summarize the evidence in the comic book like always.Executions:For having been banned in Korea, I was thinking these would be more brutal. I do watch everything horror though, so it might be harder for me to see something as brutal. The executions were decent, I would say 7/10 level, but I think that the previous games had some that were far more harsh. Chap 6/5 were way too weak IMO.Extra Modes after clearing sthe game:I have not played these, but there are several.A dating game, much like the ones in the others, except without collecting resources/chores.Some sort of boardgame / dungeon crawler / card game - It is some form of an RPG mix in where you level your characters up, take up to 4 into the dungeon, and beat your way through the floors in 2D fashion like those older games. Cards are tossed in somewhere, but will edit in down the road when trying and knowing the exact details.There is also another ??? I haven't unlocked, it might be related to the wierd RPG game above.Gallery/Achievements:A truck load of unlocks to do, you will need well over 1,000 coins to get everything. Probably around 2-3k.There is also a super expensive casino item, for those perfecting achievements, this will take a little bit.Closing Thoughts & Issues:The Fullscreen option could use some serious work. You have to open the game via config launcher, then launch with fullscreen. You may not alt-tab, or you will be set into windowed mode and have to launch the game again. This is a rather silly oversight given that this is 2017.I also encountered a single crash randomly, while loading a certain game in Chap4. It only happened once though. There may be a few more cases where a crash could occur though, so best to save every 30-60 mins.Overall, I love Danganronpa and hope for lots more games. This was a good game, although a bit easy. There may be some key pieces of info that you could think about before even starting the story mode that may prove to be a clue that is relevant to the story (there was one thing that did catch my eye right off the bat and was odd). You won't find it though. But just how that kind of detail ties into the story is pretty neat.For the price, I would have expected a bit more. Given that previous entries were a little less than 1/3 the price of this one, the game length was only double of those. The last trial is where more effort should have went into. I am fine with the story choice, but it just felt like the mystery solving aspect was over almost instantly, and then it was just a drawn out and repetitive battle.The twists were interesting. Chap 1 & 6 will be the key points for this. As has been shown in some reviews, some are completely unhappy with either, or both of these chapters. At the same time though, it is something new and unexpected. IF you think deeply, and put your perspective into the character, rather than the player/viewer, it makes complete sense.ScoringPersonal experience score: 8/10Story: 8/10 - There are several surprises, but some predicability. Chapter 1 & the final chapter are quite different from anything done so far though.Sound: 8/10 - The songs you know and some new ones. Pretty good, some room for improvement though.Graphics: 9/10 - Great for the artstyle used. The unique art the Danganronpa universe has, has always been intriguing and sets it apart.Controls: 9/10 - Exactly as it should using my standard 360 controller.Game Length: 7/10 - About 42 hours, really exploring and whatnot. Given the price comparison of 1/2 vs 3, I was expecting longer."
,Recommended,567640,35410769,Posted: 2 October,all,『Cucaracha』,Best waifu/husbando killing simulator of the year
76561198069164763,Not Recommended,567640,35452597,Posted: 3 October,all,Nm1010,"I just can't support that ending at a $60 price tag, the gameplay is Danganronpa and the post game modes are great. I just can't get over how much of a ♥♥♥♥ you that ending was..."
76561198078015326,Recommended,567640,35394432,Posted: 1 October,all,Sean Renard,nice.
,Recommended,567640,35459659,Posted: 3 October,all,HOLYONE,"The name says it all. It's a Danganronpa game. Awesome story from beginning to end with a lot of plot twists. The trials, exciting and fun as always. Loved the new mini-games. lots of kelever ways charcters died, ending was meh. overall 8/10"
,Recommended,567640,35232807,Posted: 26 September,all,Aochie =^w^=,"If you have playedDanganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc.Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair&Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls, then Ihighlyrecommend that you buy this game!If you haven't, I'd recommend playing, watching and understanding what happened in the previous games.It's just like previous Danganronpa but with a NEW plot, mechanics, and more!(Especially, that minigame that I wasted my time on. xD)"
,Recommended,567640,35233890,Posted: 26 September,all,⒞⒭⒰,"I've played 6 hours so far, I'll update if needed.This might seem 'extra', but I actually believe the Danganronpa series is a masterpiece. It perfectly manipulates your emotions through use of sound, visuals and story bringing you into a level of immersion I can only get when watching a good movie.In addition to that, my favorite films always deal with 'humanity' and ethics, as well as surreal situations. Killing Harmony so far is perfectly capturing those elements.This killing game is following the same basic formula as the others however it feels much more refined and polished. There's plenty of fresh story elements and plenty of intrigue (which is to be expected of the series). I'm loving the experience so far, from the music and sound to the graphics and overall visuals to the game. My only worry is that it will too closely follow the same path as the first game.I have a lot of thoughts on DR. Can't fit it all into a review.Too many bear puns tho.(also dunno what's up with the tutorial telling me to use controller buttons? I feel like the PC port may require a slight bit more work)*edit 9/30So apparently there's a steam setting you have to change. By default it sets the game to controller but you have to change it to keyboard. Not sure how to do that, I haven't attempted it yet.Also I feel as if the class trials have been a bit lack luster so far. After doing a few they seem like they're in the shadow of the previous trials. I don't know if this is just me feeling this way.Imma update the review as I continue."
,Recommended,567640,35260452,Posted: 28 September,all,Nycro,"I just finished trial 2. I have to say it's better than the first game but worse than the second. That's because the characters feel really 2 dimensional like in the first game which is disappointing since Danganronpa 2 did such a fantastic job with it. I also have to mention that the English dub is better than first one but alot worse than the second one (Hajime, Gundam, Sonia, Fuyuhiko and more are fantastic)The reason why I still give the game a thumbs up is because of the trials. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the 2 I played are already on of the best the series has to offer."
,Recommended,567640,35484177,Posted: 4 October,all,Vitor,"*SPOILERS*Despite feeling betrayed by the ending in the beginning, i've grown to like it, the devs made something really special with that 4th wall break. You start to feel the characters almost as if they were real beings that had the bad luck of being fictional characters with a bad audience.At the beginning i felt as if all the connections i made with these characters were meaningless, but the message it passes to us it's bigger than any cliff hanger ending made for profit could had done, despite knowing that my favorite character kaito was basically not real (never really was in the first place, but you get the point) i can accept that ending, it really looks like it was made with a lot of love by the developers.Defenitly a experience that i won't forget."
,Recommended,567640,35443758,Posted: 3 October,all,GaramFest,"Truth vs LieWhich one will be the winner?That's the main point of the game.Anyway, this $60 game is really worth to buy. Please take a note: don't get too attached to one character. Also, play the previous games (Trigger Happy Havoc, Goodbye Academy of Despair) because it contains major spoilers."
,Recommended,567640,35315382,Posted: 29 September,all,Circu~,So when is the 54th killing game going to start?
76561198035173050,Recommended,567640,35361989,Posted: 30 September,all,Drex,Everyone I tried to become friends with were killed and my waifu was killed
,Recommended,567640,35426608,Posted: 2 October,all,Kibou,I thought NieR:Automata screwed with my brain enough... I was wrong... So wrong... And the ending... Bringing way more questions... than there currently are answers... That's how you make a good plot twist... That's how you make the player wonder... What is gonna happen next?
76561198046723066,Recommended,567640,35363810,Posted: 30 September,all,Crunabizz,"Alright, Let's be honest here. If you are looking at this game you fall in two groups. The ""What is Dan-gan-roon-pa?"" group. to which I would say ""You are on the wrong page, you should be looking at Danganronpa (The original one.). Or you are a tried and true fan of the series who has had the twists and turns of DR and DR2.To the second I would say, If you enjoyed DR2's creative characters, constant twist and turns, and trials, Then you should enjoy DRV3. It has the interesting characters of DR2. It has the Unexpected twist that make DR2 look like DR1. and if you have solved the case it is just as infuriating listening to your character fumble around and act like the case is unsolvable.This game has done away with the cluster F*** that was DR2's hangmans gambit, and replaced it for a far supperiour version that WONT have you trying to figure out what the metal ended thing with a wood handle was called while trying to prevent 30 non-important letters from running into each other.Summerizing the murder isn't a pain of trying to figure out what the picture and caption are.DRV3's cases are vastly improved on DR2.TLDR: Would recomend, but wouldn't blame anyone for waiting to the price to drop under $30."
76561198009438760,Recommended,567640,35466258,Posted: 4 October,all,Poulet,"Absolutely brilliant game.  Even though it's the third game in the main series, it still suceeds in suprising me and keeping things fresh and exciting."
76561198093316637,Recommended,567640,35500002,Posted: 5 October,all,uzuka,buy the love key from the casino
,Not Recommended,567640,35257769,Posted: 28 September,all,MetalSharkGamer,"Good game marred with issues. Biggest offenses are that the keyboard and mouse controls are terribly unresponsive, and in some instances the functions of assigned keys are switched around. Both of these issues make the class trial segments much less enjoyable. Also, the game will randomly switch from fullscreen to windowed mode, and requires you to completely exit out of the game in order to switch back to fullscreen.On a subjective note, I'm also not happy with how the story unfolds towards the end of the first trial. Combined with the previously mentioned issues, I'm left with a soured opinion of this game at the conclusion of the first trial, which for me took around 15 hours to get to. Up until that point I was enjoying myself, but it's all during those last few hours that the horrible controls become apparent and the story goes in a direction I really didn't care for.I'll still play through and try to enjoy V3, but had I known I would have been this disappointed 15 hours in, I would have not spent $60 for this at release. Unless you really like Danganronpa, I think it's better to hold off until it's on sale for $40 or less, hopefully with some find of fix for the controls."
76561198087825876,Not Recommended,567640,35375534,Posted: 1 October,all,RealLanceGunnin,"Dr3 is a good game, it has my favorite cast out of the series, and it definitely tries to do some outside the box stuff. In all conscience, I cannot recommend this game to most people however. First off, the game is simply not good enough to justify the $60. The new features and mechanics are great, but you have to consider that dr1 has offered the most new stuff to the series out of all of them so far, it laid the foundation for everything in this game. I loved dr1, loved dr2, and I'd give a strong reccommendation to both of those, not only that, but they are only 20 dollars. Danganronpa 2 in particular is just a superior game in general, the characters may not be as likable but that is for a major plot reason in dr2.The trial logic is usually pretty sound, but the game still hasnt figured out the problem of being able to represent the same idea or evidence in a case with a specific truth bullet and false statement. So for example, you could reasonably think one truth bullet goes to one statement while having the right idea in mind but the actual answer may be a different combination. I was comfortably able to go through without looking anything up, unlike in dr2.The thing is, there isnt any big redeeming payout in this game. If you buy this game, you're going to play to the first trial, likely get pretty bummed out, and then start hoping for a major payout at the end, as it comes in normal danganronpa games. This game doesn't really do that, and I found the ending to be pretty unsatisfying. Coming out of a series where the world gets destroyed and the students dont even know what awaits them outside, and then shows the player a massive white screen at the end, thats saying a lot. The events of the game are also a lot less clear at the end because of the wacky ""twist"" they pull off.I think that people are expecting the game to be divisive, but I dont think the problem is divisiveness, its that the story just isnt that good. I actually called a lot of the twists, and even suspected the major one at the end fairly early on. I caught on to what they were doing with the players even before the unknown had their talent revealed. I'm not complimenting myself, I'm just demonstrating that its not like I was taken off guard, or felt dumb because I couldn't tell what was going on.If the developers step off their high horse and price this game apporpriately, at $20, then absolutely you should buy it and enjoy it as a danganronpa fan. Just be aware that it really is not as good as the previous 2 games. After this game, I will not be playing anymore danganronpa killing games however, the only way I'd play another one is if they changed the genre while staying in the same universe."
,Recommended,567640,35429339,Posted: 2 October,all,Clees,"Incredible addition to the Danganronpa series, managing to end up ever crazier than before. Somehow still manages to find ways to surprise me (and put me in despair) even though I've played all 3 main games already. The characters are still as insane as they have been, greatly exaggerating tropes to an insane degree, and the overarching story really does a good job of pulling you in.Keep in mind, though, that the game is a glorified visual novel. If you don't enjoy those, you probably won't like this game. It does, however, have a certain amount of replay value with the addition of 'Back Routes', or alternative ways to solve a mystery (usually by lying), and a decent variety of minigames unlocked post game. Being a visual novel, though, don't expect a 100 hour adventure.The price is very steep at $60. I'd go for it if you're a diehard danganronpa fan, or someone with great interest in mystery games. If not, I'd wait for a sale or price reduction."
,Recommended,567640,35436407,Posted: 2 October,all,SuperYoshiPie,"Got to experiance my favorite characters die once again.Pros: Excelent soundtrack. Really colorful characters. Class Trials are interesting like usual. References from the previous games are mentioned. 4th wall jokes.Cons: Controller issue with S and A keys. S acts like A as A acts like S, super confusing during Argumemt Armament.I give this game. 8.5/10Loveable characters, fun Class Trials, the S and A needs fixing and the ending give me mixed feelings.Will recommend to Danganronpa fans."
76561198085847550,Recommended,567640,35252405,Posted: 27 September,all,Triforce,"After clearing chapter 1, this game has already surpassed the other 2 in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,567640,35253360,Posted: 27 September,all,MaahHeim,WAITING FOR BUG FIXES TO UPVOTE
76561198157266312,Recommended,567640,35349215,Posted: 30 September,all,Weilai,"I've only finished the first chapter, and I'm already crying. Don't worry about the price, it's worth it."
,Recommended,567640,35363779,Posted: 30 September,all,Workman743,"Kodaka, you having a chuckle with that ending, mate? You better explain this stuff in the next sequel that I'll inevitably buy because I like logic puzzles and can't appreciate meta commentary!"
,Recommended,567640,35382967,Posted: 1 October,all,๖Kazumatsu,"""I don't like the ending"" t. brainletsGame is great, a solid 8. Not as good as DR2 but nothing could top DR2"
,Recommended,567640,35383138,Posted: 1 October,all,GunsRoseSS,Heart broken after chapter one. A masterpiece already.
,Recommended,567640,35422658,Posted: 2 October,all,Mori Summer,"You already know what you're getting into if you've played the other Danganronpas. Solve some crazy mysteries to survive while trying to break out of the crazy world you've landed in. The trials I felt were a bit easier and predictable this time around, but maybe I'm just getting used to the various tricks used. The humor and overall setting are as usual, very dark and twisted humor while playing with the ideas of death, betrayal, and abuse. If you haven't played the other ones, there's really no good reason to jump into this one first. The first two in the series are very good games as well, and are necessary for understanding some key points in this game."
,Recommended,567640,35378501,Posted: 1 October,all,FW King Dan,"Outstanding game, well worth the $"
,Not Recommended,567640,35454558,Posted: 3 October,all,Plerr,"You'll start out hyped.By the time you complete the first trial you'll be in tears/shock over what happened and be in awe of the story wanting more.The story will continue to be interesting, though never quite reach up to Chapter 1's climax.But then you get to Chapter 6......"
,Recommended,567640,35229194,Posted: 26 September,all,ur a gr8 player,"Just finished Act 1, so let me say if you're a fan of the series you will LOVE this game.If you're new to the DR series, I'd recommend trying a demo to see if it's your taste of gameplay first, but so far I'm having a blast uncovering the truth."
,Recommended,567640,35255148,Posted: 27 September,all,Aurori,what the ♥♥♥♥ just happened
,Recommended,567640,35421265,Posted: 2 October,all,TrickBurrito,"A strong installment in the Danganronpa series. Finding whodunnit is still pretty fun and entertaining, with most mechanics still intact but a few new ones to spice it up.TL;DR Optimization is questionable, Story will be a toss-up as to whether or not you will enjoy it mostly because of the ending, soundtrack and minigames are about what you would expect, postgame content is the most we have ever gotten so far, and new minigames and mechanics are fun to use.Performance wise, I personally had only a problem with a small stutter that happened every now and then. This stutter never made me lose a section though, so I didn't mind it. My computer specs are about 5 or so years old and are pretty outdated, but somehow there are people with better specs than mine who had more problems. The optimization of this title worked well for me, but it is questionable, so try to do a bit of research to see if others with your specs ran it well. Also do try the demo as that should give you a good idea.Story wise, there are a good amount of plot twists, but the ending is very controversial. Some say this is the worst danganronpa, others say it's the best. Without spoiling, it's hard to say whether or not you will like it. I really disliked the ending at first, but after reading what others' thought about it and what it meant, I can see it in a much better light. Considering the story is the main selling point, it really is a risk to purchase the game. It is also worth mentioning that they make a ton of references to other things during the show (I feel moreso than the previous games) and this might be a negative to some people.The soundtrack had a few parts I found annoying, but there were some good parts too. Overall I'd say it was good.The postgame content is, I believe, the most content we have gotten to do after completing the main game. The extras are different but fun in it's own way. They are definitely not for everyone though, so I wouldn't buy the game solely on those cool extra modes. The extra modes areA mode to befriend all the characters and also to take them out on dates, raising friendship beyond the normal 5. You can also use Love Keys to get a special scene with a random character. A talent boardgame mode which is well quite complicated so I won't go into detail. Basically you can level up a character card from any of the Danganronpa games and then use those characters in a 4-man party dungeon. This dungeon has combat mechanics of old JRPGs. You get gear and gold from these dungeon runs and can get more cards using the gold found here. There are Normal, Rare, and Ultimate versions of these cards.Difficulty wise, I personally have found that very rarely I had a situation where I knew what I wanted to say but didn't know which bullet matched with which argument to convey the point I was trying to make. Most thought processes were pretty clear though and I understood where the group was going with their discussion. I played on normal/normal difficulty so factor that in as well. The new lie mechanic was also fun to play around with, as trying to find other routes to finish a debate was really cool. I still dislike Hangman's gambit V3 (especially when they use words that a normal English speaker wouldn't have knowledge of or rather at least I didn't), but once I got the skills that make it easier, it was much more bearable. The taxi cab minigame is basically the logic dive, I don't mind the changes though. The split decision/debate scrums are one of my favorite minigames because it just looked cool and felt nice being on a team sorting the points out.Overall the game is good, yet controversial. It scratched my itch for Danganronpa though, so if that is all you are after, you will have a fun time."
76561198299202219,Recommended,567640,35453014,Posted: 3 October,all,CloverChiaki96,"Another great game in the Danganronpa series, this one was phenominal, I liked the ending and the fact that it could be open for all different kinds of interpretations, I do have to say that I enjoyed this one a lot, it's my second favorite in the series with UDG being my favorite. I also loved the message it sent that fiction can influence people, because it wasn't all for nothing, the struggles the characters went through were real to them and to us the player. Anyway I never had any problem with the P.C version, but that was likely because I was using a controller. Anyway be sure to pick this one up, it has the best characters, the best cases, and a strong story.9/10"
76561198235361072,Recommended,567640,35230778,Posted: 26 September,all,PhantomHeaven,"worth the price and im a huge fan of danganronpa universe, this game adds to my collection of danganronpa games"
,Not Recommended,567640,35389185,Posted: 1 October,all,LuckySeel,"Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony. How do I start my review?I know I should treat games in a series with an open mind since there will always be new changes to a series to keep it fresh and new. However, there were changes brought into this game which I didn't like. My decision on whether or not I recommend this game is a mixture of story and gameplay. Story will play into it more though for my decision however though since it is a story based game.Story - Spoiler freeThe story follows a very similar formula to the previous 2 main series games. There are 16 students trapped within an area and forced to partake within a killing game, where you must kill someone, survive the class trial and ""graduate"" from the Academy.Story - SpoilersSPOILERS AHEAD. BE WARNED.Okay. Partway through the story you learn that you're on a post-apocalyptic earth after meteors have destroyed all of humanity. You were frozen for the years between mass extinction and the killing game. HOWEVER, this is a lie. You're really in a game show in a universe where Danganronpa exists how it does for us, fiction. I hated this. I wouldn't have minded an AU Danganronpa, but how it was given, I disliked it. I hope that if they do any future Danganronpa's they return to the original model and carry on the Danganronpa story line.Hell, I prefered the original truth we learned where it was a post-apocalyptic earth. To me, that was a more satisfying story than what we actually got.Gameplay -Overall, I enjoyed the gameplay. The investigation system was pretty much the same as the previous games, which isn't a bad thing since I quite enjoyed the investigation system.Daily Life, when you aren't worrying about a murder, is just as fun as it was in the previous games, where you interact with your fellow students, talk to them, and learn about their pasts and interests.Class trials are very much the same as previous games too, with a few new minigames, a few new ways of interacting with the mass debates and changes to old minigames. The new minigames are good, apart from a Mind Mine one, but you don't get many of them so I can pass over it. The new lie and truth system is really good for certain parts, since you'll swing trials around in an unexpected way!Overall, I have to say I give this game a 7/10.However, I give this Danganronpa game a 5/10.If you want this game because you like Danganronpa, I would say you could be disappointed or really love it. However, if you're just a general fan of the visual novel genre, then I'd say you would probably quite enjoy it, especially if you like the ""Ace Attorney"" games too!"
76561198050445786,Recommended,567640,35432942,Posted: 2 October,all,McAfeeAntivirus,"Great entry. Not 100% sure how I feel about the final chapter twist. Some think it is clever, some think it is cruel (in several ways both meta and story), some think that it is dumb but even setting that aside this is my second favorite in the series ranking it very slightly below the second game. Mechanically it is better than the second game and the new Split Opinion element and lie mechanic is amusing. The characters are amazing, especially the lead. Kaede is easily, hands down, my favorite protag in the series. She is down to earth, funny, and has many dimensions and complexities to her. Her growth from chapter to chapter is one of the most rewarding experiences and probably the greatest example of character growth in the entire franchise. Her talent is an amazing way to add classical music throughout the game. It is refreshing to have a female protag. It doesn't drastically change anything, but at the same time, it changes so much.Anyway I apologize about gushing about the protag so much so TL:DR. Kaede is the greatest of the 3 Danganronpa main characters. If you love the franchise you will love this game."
,Recommended,567640,35358407,Posted: 30 September,all,Brandis,"After just finishing this game I can say without confidence that this game I a should play for fans of the series.It does what it set out to do with insane twists and turns through the entire game, while the story is lacking in more then a few places and the ending may be bitter sweet, it's exactly what it set out to do, and that's conclude this series."
,Recommended,567640,35360554,Posted: 30 September,all,Scruer,Dis game meta as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,567640,35372790,Posted: 1 October,all,buts,"I've played up to the point after the first trial, and I gotta say, that was one hell of a ride. Can't wait to play the rest of the game! I stream it on YouTube, atwww.youtube.com/butchadrian77!Now, enough of the self-plug, and onto the gameplay. So far, I can tell that the story of this game is no joke; it lives up to the Danganronpa name and franchise, and with added gameplay mechanics and minigames, you get tons more content! The new characters are likeable, and I guess having a female protagonist(was nice)is a breath of new life into the series as well. A few insignificant but noticeable FPS drops here and there, but overall, playing it is a nice experience.At this price, I can say that it's worth it, with all the effort put into the storywriting, music production and the game itself. Must-buy if you're a fan of the Danganronpa series."
,Recommended,567640,35423957,Posted: 2 October,all,GLC | Sharer Shadow,"I was pretty hyped for this sequal. But I did not know what to expect since the more the series continues, harder it gets to create new material for the series. It was even mentioned in a monokuma theater.(a monokuma scene which occures when you go to bed) It feels bit rushed but It didn't ruin the experience for me.I was bit worried about hope versus despair theme continuing, but luckily the story line and the ending was really different from the other two games.(Except the fact that there is an killing game :p).This game had the best characters in a danganronpa game so far in my opinion except Tenko and Angie of course. Which is the reason ending made it more impact full for me because I cared about the characters in the story.Even though I was torn apart about the ending reason why down belowBlack text spoiler =It meant everything was a huge lie and it wasn't even confirmed hundred percent. So every character you liked was a lie, so for instance if you loved Kaede's character guess what, she was some weird fan girl that wanted to participate in a killing game and die. Oh so you like the killing game Kaede? well she was written by some cosplayer that just gave her life away after shuichi made everyone in the world stop watching Danganronpa after pressing w,a,s,d. I really loved the characters in this game and that everything was a lie made me sad but I think it was an unexpected ending and I am okey with itIf you played Danganronpa before and enjoyed it might as well buy it, although the price tag this time seems bit high but still worth it if you enjoyed the previous games before. Do not buy unless you have played the first 2 games before.-Horrible pc portIt automatically gives you xbox controls which makes it a really confusing. You have to go to the steam library and right click launch configuration tool to change controls and such. Crashes, shows wrong controls in trials, bad controls doesn't match the old games, bugs, you can encounter soft lock but luckily I didn't. I hope they fix the pc port but I already finished the game so I don't care that much."
,Recommended,567640,35438657,Posted: 3 October,all,Tallcat,Great game for people who love mysteries and their favorite characters dying.
,Recommended,567640,35461001,Posted: 3 October,all,vaibzzz123,WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ KAEDE HOW COULD YOU SAY ULTRA DESPAIR GIRLS IS A LAME SPINOFFLITERALLY 0/10
,Not Recommended,567640,35253452,Posted: 27 September,all,JayKay,"I'll preface this by saying that if you're a diehard fan of the series, you'll probably enjoy this game and won't listen to anything I say. However, if you are more just looking for tightly written narrative and enjoyable, memorable, fleshed-out characters... then this game is a major disappointment. Especially when compared to the hugely impressive first two entries into the main series of games.It looks great, the minigames are well designed, but... the writing is bad. Straight-up bad. It often feels like fan-fiction rather than an authentic addition to the series: the product of someone who likes the DR series but doesn't understand what makes it actually fun to play."
76561198213359933,Recommended,567640,35232570,Posted: 26 September,all,Anoldanimefan,It is worthevery penny and even if you saw videos from earlier in the year this game is original and simply brilliant - play the demo 1st and save it right at the end of the game to get rewards when you then play this 1!
,Recommended,567640,35278348,Posted: 28 September,all,Goy,"""Is there a meaning to life? If so, what is it?""""Are facts merely temporary truths?""""If there are no limits to intelligence, what is the point of existence?""""Hey, Do Robots have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;Questions we all need the answer to"
,Recommended,567640,35220016,Posted: 26 September,all,Madotsuki™,good so far
,Recommended,567640,35268103,Posted: 28 September,all,MeowMeowKity,The first chapter alone was worth the money
,Recommended,567640,35219595,Posted: 26 September,all,TangledAlmond,YOU CAN SMACK STUFF OUT OF THE ROOM
76561198040509105,Recommended,567640,35252306,Posted: 27 September,all,Anriiel,"None of the past Dangonronpa's made me feel this way, I've never felt so much despair while playing thorugh any of them.  I've felt sad, angry, upset, but none of that compares to how hard my first 10 hours so far in this game was.  They've done it, they've made me feel TRUE DESPAIR.If you're into the Danganronpa series, even if you've enver played any of the other games in this series, I still highly 100% recommend this game for anyone and everyone!"
76561198285280585,Not Recommended,567640,35487766,Posted: 4 October,all,neri,"leaving my feelings for the story aside, there were several problems with DRV3.the main being translation errors. being proficient in japanese and playing with japanese voices, it was clear there were several mistakes, particularly in chapter 2 and chapter 6. if an amateur like me can spot these erros within seconds, i can only assume these mistakes were a result of poor-planning and laziness, something i would not expect from a $60 game. these translation errors were also pretty vital to the plot, and made no sense if you were following the story at all.one of the smaller, yet stupid errors include's a particular character's height listed as 5'8, while in the japanese version, it's listed as 167 centimeters. in what world does 167 cm equate to 5'8? that's not even close.the second being the controls. i was using a keyboard. up until chapter 5, the A key and the S key are inverted. while seemingly insignifigant, it's pretty annoying if you're playing a fast-paced rhythm game that revolves around these keys, on top of the fact that you have to figure it out for yourself. moreover, at times the left-click/enter button don't even register, and you have to hit it multiple times just to work. it's not that important if you're just clicking through dialogue, but it's a different matter when it's actual gameplay.while these erros seem small, they do impair the enjoyment and validity of the game. moreover, all of these errors are quick fixes (unlike the story itself)--so i have no idea why a $60 is riddled with so many mistakes. moreover, mistakes that persist throughout the majority of the game. i don't even think dr1 or sdr2 had this many glaring errors.i'm infuriatied over the fact that this game is so bugged for $60. it's really unforgivable."
,Not Recommended,567640,35442181,Posted: 3 October,all,Maggot,"TLDR: good game bad port, wait til it's cheapernot at the current price, i can't recommend it, as much as it pains me. while the game is beautifully written so far, and has a lot of funny moments (the content unlocked by holding certain gifts is pretty great, as-is the new trial minigames), there's still bugs and imperfections.keymapping for the PC messes up the WASD keys for some minigames, and there is no easy function provided to fix this issue. controllers are recommended by many, but honestly? really shouldn't be required considering everything else to do with the PC controls are just fine!likewise, there's a major bug in which trials can sometimes become unplayable if saved midway through one. pretty ridiculous."
,Recommended,567640,35222768,Posted: 26 September,all,retsmot,buy with confidence.(will update when i actually finish the game).
76561198093526052,Recommended,567640,35260359,Posted: 28 September,all,TatzBlazinsky,"Pros: memorable characters, clever murder mysteries, amazing momentsCons: new minigames are lackluster, hangman's gambit still exists, chapter 6Remember in DR2 chapter 6 when you thought the game was going to get meta and started rolling your eyes and thinking ""oh no, this is embarassing,"" but it turned out to be a red herring and the rest of the chapter was brilliant? V3 chapter 6 is like that just without the cleverness and a whole lot of embarassing pretentiousness.Everything before that is great though.8/10"
,Recommended,567640,35226935,Posted: 26 September,all,Izanagi にゃーん,Anyone that actually doesn't recommened this game are probably people that haven't even gotten past the first chapter so they haven't even experienced most of what the game offers.
,Recommended,567640,35342918,Posted: 30 September,all,Kyizon,I can't read the text with all these tears in my eyes.
,Recommended,567640,35406655,Posted: 1 October,all,Misogi,Lots ofkillingfun! Highly recommend this game. Bought it today and have already sunk 10+ hours into it.Relax. It was a Sunday.
76561198055338667,Recommended,567640,35405322,Posted: 1 October,all,Majima Jeff,"It's probably the best game in the series yet, and that's saying a lot considering this comes after DR2.It's a soft reboot, not a complete reimagining. Don't play this without prior knowledge of DR1/2."
,Recommended,567640,35407061,Posted: 1 October,all,actrois,After finishing it I feel like I'm supposed to hate this game but somehow I still love it regardless
76561198089035836,Recommended,567640,35231716,Posted: 26 September,all,HaydenshNo,Aiming for a pacifist run
,Recommended,567640,35390412,Posted: 1 October,all,Zykprod,"The ending was greatWeird, but greatAnd the bonus mode has as much content as the main story so it's worth the price"
76561198067942547,Recommended,567640,35231912,Posted: 26 September,all,Ebravs,Monodam is loveMonodam is life
76561198264429200,Recommended,567640,35229329,Posted: 26 September,all,UwO,"I am really hoping that there will be a plot twist as usual and the game so far runs really well on my laptop. overall a good game. and yes, I know there are negatives to this game but then again theres always something negative with anything that exists."
,Recommended,567640,35452646,Posted: 3 October,all,trish,its pretty good
,Recommended,567640,35244504,Posted: 27 September,all,atua bless,Welcome to Danganronpa where the debates are made up and the plot armor doesn't matter
76561198097130682,Recommended,567640,35234620,Posted: 26 September,all,shuichi saihara,shuichi saihara is god
76561198395167427,Recommended,567640,35235186,Posted: 26 September,all,cnagridge,I love everything about the game so far but there are some undeniable issues i'm having. one is the keyboard input. I configured the controls to keyboard but am still having it that the button input is just unresponsive at times. The other issue i'm having is cutscene lag where the audio is ahead of the visuals. This could be due to my computer but I still would like to see a change if possible. Overall I love the game but I would like to see an update in the near future that can address the issues i'm having if at all possible.
,Recommended,567640,35251587,Posted: 27 September,all,Watermelon Slime,"Only finished the first trail, and I'm already dead inside. Hoping for danganronpa 2 ending, expecting to loose my will to live.Also the closing argument isnt dumb luck anymore 10/10, I like the rhythm game."
,Recommended,567640,35481356,Posted: 4 October,all,hdk5,not canonfinal chapter ruined
76561198104769921,Recommended,567640,35505599,Posted: 5 October,all,Kyuzo,"A new killing game, more despair and more suffering.In this instalment, we are introduced new mechanics like the Scrum Debate, the Perjury, and some more which add interesting new twists to the already wicked trials.Danganronpa V3 has more length than the previous entries (around 50 hours), and the post-game is the best yet, which may add many, many hours to the count if you are fond of RPG games."
76561198242167102,Recommended,567640,35225730,Posted: 26 September,all,Dabowss,Time for more despair
76561198003922712,Recommended,567640,35249929,Posted: 27 September,all,Deus Vult,1st trial ♥♥♥♥ed my mind and feelings yes the 1st.... No idea how the rest is gonna go but can recommend now tbh even with the price i got to where i am and i played 12hours.
76561198012669461,Recommended,567640,35249153,Posted: 27 September,all,Tommy Wiseau,The game where my crippling depression becomes my ultimate despair.
,Recommended,567640,35309276,Posted: 29 September,all,Pupper,"If you blink, the references will fly over your head."
,Recommended,567640,35289061,Posted: 29 September,all,PermaVirgin,I made these 43 hours in 4 sessions.
,Not Recommended,567640,35220385,Posted: 26 September,all,Wat,"Overall a pretty fun game but the weakest in the series, that's not enough to warrant the negative review however, as that would be the ending. Without spoiling anything the ending of this somehow managed to be worse than the ending of the Danganronpa 3 Anime series, and we all know how series ruining that was.tl;drFun game terrible ending."
,Recommended,567640,35419143,Posted: 2 October,all,Honda,yes
,Recommended,567640,35322782,Posted: 29 September,all,sleepyhead,Do you know the definition of feelings in danganronpa...???You ♥♥♥♥ing better not.
,Recommended,567640,35404314,Posted: 1 October,all,ThePlayMaker,No piece of fictional media has ruined my psyche quite like this has...10/10
,Recommended,567640,35250901,Posted: 27 September,all,Foehn,it wouldnt be danganronpa if it didnt kill everyone you love
,Recommended,567640,35312651,Posted: 29 September,all,Fambruhghini,My favorite character died
76561198116517642,Recommended,567640,35401951,Posted: 1 October,all,Tonyhz,"After completing the game, my mind ♥♥♥♥ing broke. This game doesn't require you to play the first two games, but if you want to understand all the references they make, make sure you understand what happened in the first and second game.ITS SO WORTH THE $60!!! TAKE MY MONEY MAKI ROLL!!!!!!Actual review below.Do you want to play a story-rich game where your mind gets ♥♥♥♥ing blown every chapter? Do you like watching your favorite characters die?Don't you ♥♥♥♥ing hate when the game where they ship your waifu with another guy?.... Maki Roll......Do you enjoy solving mysteries with you 150 IQ? If you do, then this game is a must play!!!!!!Story: ????/????To me, it's all about the story. But, this game blew all my expectations out of Earth. It's beyond any description and your emotions will get played like a 12 years old playing with figit spinners...Music: 10/10This one is more opinion based, but IMO they did a great job using the soundtrack to enhance the game experience. The soundtrack will make your palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spegetti.. Anyways, it was definitely fitting. Many of the soundtracks will give you goosebumps, or will take you on a feels train right into despair.Gameplay: 8/10This is the only slight downside of this game, compared to all the other parts that shines like Kaede. Sometimes, the interactive system glitches and my buttons wouldn't work. Sometimes it's really laggy and the trials are really hard to go through the buttons are glitchy. (And it doesn't matter if you use a controller or just used PC controls like me) However, if you're just here to enjoy the story and don't feel like tryharding, easy/normal difficulty are very enjoyable as well.Minigame: 10/10Salmon is basically island mode without the materials. The other two minigames are way more complicated than the peace modes of the other two games. One of them is like an undertale game and the other game is like a board game that develops characters that you can play in the undertale game. Enough explaining from me, try the games on your own. I had a lot of fun playing them.Despair Level: 100/10Hope Level: Keebo/10Personal enjoyment: 10/10.I love every ♥♥♥♥ing reference made in this game. I understood almost everything and I'm not sure if I should be proud or not.. lolConclusion/Overall score: V3/10.....This is one of the games that would be way too good to pass on. If you can't afford the full price, wait some time for the first price drop and give Spike Chunsoft your money.I can't hold my emotions in so only read the next part when you are finished with the game. You've been warned.Major spoilers below.ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING KIDDING ME????? EVERYTHING IS A ♥♥♥♥ING LIE!!!! When I realized that we are the reason why monokuma and Junko keeps coming back, my mind was blown harder than the way they knocked down the fourth wall during the last trial. And when they revealed that Kaede died because the mastermind got scared, i was actually so ♥♥♥♥ing mad. Also, I was triggered so ♥♥♥♥ing hard by Kokichi. Even harder than Nagito from last game. T T I just want some more Maki Roll..  the love hotel scenes were great too. Since I'm a cisgender, I just skip all the male characters and only read female characters XD"
76561198077909220,Recommended,567640,35461554,Posted: 3 October,all,Hyper_Husky,"Much like the other installments of Danganronpa, I loved this game. Nice surprises and twists. Fairly good story. Solid characters. I loved some characters, liked others, and some I tolerated. I would be satisfied if this was the end of the series. Was it worth $60? I'm still debating it, but I feel like people should at least look into it."
,Recommended,567640,35235911,Posted: 26 September,all,FoxyBoxes,"""This is was the worst video game, in the history of video games ever!"" -Alternate FactsSeriously though, I'm loving the new cast of characters and their quirkiness. And I learned my lesson from DR2... not going to get attatched to any of them.... nope... Gotta be prepared for the invevitable..."
76561198346901003,Recommended,567640,35366197,Posted: 30 September,all,CliffordTBRD,"100% worth the money, longer and more fufilling than most games for the same price, and the ending is a total mind ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,567640,35379833,Posted: 1 October,all,RAAMBO,By far my favorite Danganronpa yet!!Pros:-The class trials here are the best of the series.-Great set of ultimates.-Class trial gameplay is revamped with added features like lies which spice things up!-Great soundtrack as usual.-The best story Yet by far. The twists and turns somehow beat even danganronpa 2.Cons:-The second class trial is kinda underwhelming.-The battle royal style of the game is starting to get a bit stale.Well worth the price!!
,Recommended,567640,35385501,Posted: 1 October,all,chelsea,"The peak of the Danganronpa series. The music's top notch, the characters are top notch, the murder mysteries are top notch, and the graphics are top notch. They even manage to fix the minigames from DR2, since they're all fun again (with Scrum Debate being outright badass)Tenko is the best character."
76561198096119578,Recommended,567640,35508146,Posted: 5 October,all,FeelsGutsMan,Bamboozled/10
,Recommended,567640,35253600,Posted: 27 September,all,Hydravolt,"This is a no spolier review. Overall rating: 8/10, reccomended to play, just play it in order with the other two games, don't start here.***Glitches: Use Config tool for KBM hints, and edit Config.txt in the game's file to swap the A and S keys if you need to. It's weird but my A key responded to S, and vice versa. Made the first ""Spam A"" event VERY frustrating. Also, I noticed some sluggishness with the game (I have more than the reccomended system specs), most of the time it's an aesthetic/audio sync issue but it threw off some rhythm-based events in the trials.Example config:(other config.txt stuff) ...push_w = key_wpush_s = key_a <--- This is neccesarry for my game to function normallypush_a = key_s <--- ""push_d = key_d... (more irrelevant stuff)Music: 10/10, had me groovin. All of it was good.I think it's relevant that I played the game on ""Mean"" everything, all difficulty opinions are based off of this.Holy shizzle, where do I even start. After playing through Chapter 1, I'm convinced that Spike is just one employee: Junko Enoshima. I was FLOORED at the end of that trial. It's a bit of a spoiler in itself, but have you pants strapped on for the first chapter. Anything can happen. NOBODY IS SAFE. From being killed.... or being a killer. 9/10, no 10 because I'm too sad after Chap.1 . That being said I haven't finished it yet, and after seeing Goodbye Despair's Ending (DR2) and it's continuation in the Hope Arc of Danganronpa 3 the animation, anything could happen.So I've finished the game, and I won't say anything about that last part, the only way I can say this without spoiling anything is that the ending left me grasping. It's set up so that anything can happen next, we have no idea if this will be the last game or not. After doing some poking around in other V3 communities, the ending is very polarizing as to whether or not it was fitting.Chapters 1,2, 3, and the first half of 4 are as close to perfect as you can get, they're not fully mind♥♥♥♥ but they allow you to still fully utilize that noodle in the trails. I don't like the 2nd half of chapter 4, I found it tedious. 5 was AMAZING IN EVERY WAY, your mind will be blown. Everything in chapter 6 is good up until the ""reveal"" that happens in the trial, after that it kinda falls apart for me.No matter what, I'd be lying (hehe) if I said I didn't have a grand time while playing this game, fully worth it but it had some story and technical flaws. New mechanics are cool (when they work, see the glitches part). Easily 40 hours of gameplay for one playthrough, if you take full advantage of the free time."
,Recommended,567640,35259053,Posted: 28 September,all,Phase†Path,Feel train hit so hard right at the beginning... Not disappointed for Danganraonpa SeriesDespair!!
,Recommended,567640,35285729,Posted: 29 September,all,Limbless,"If you like the other two, go for it."
76561198345862576,Recommended,567640,35296540,Posted: 29 September,all,seesgyy,和demo 版一样，还是要先开配置工具设置一下键鼠模式（默认手柄。。。）而且demo存档有送一个礼物一个技能和一堆黑白熊币。妈妈再也不用担心我没币可撒了。300有些超出自己的预期，但是还是买了。毕竟等了快一年，不买会急死233。剧情方面玩完再说😶Tips:游戏提示方向键＋esc可加速奔跑，实在是蛋痛，结果发现方向键＋shift也是可以的
76561198150446966,Recommended,567640,35357112,Posted: 30 September,all,...,"Overall score: 8/10Aside from one HUGE problem, i loved the game. However, theFinal Mass Panic Debate against Tsumugi/Junkois pretty much impossible. It forced me to quit playing the game at a part so goshdarn near the end, it soured my mood completely, and forced me to deduce my final score by 2. So aside from making the game impossible to beat at the end for me, a great game.If you more patience than i do, you should get this game. As for me, i will uninstall this disappointing memory and pretend it never happened..."
76561198122851380,Recommended,567640,35358727,Posted: 30 September,all,Zasbit,It's not bad10/10
76561197971166248,Recommended,567640,35229341,Posted: 26 September,all,Metaphilosophical,"Never played Danganronpa? Like me, you are probably wondering why there are so many positive reviews. Then you might play the game, and play hours of storytelling, laughing here and there, but wondering why the hell you are playing it. Then, it comes......and in this one, they make a joke about the prologue being too short in previous games..."
76561198101368888,Recommended,567640,35296449,Posted: 29 September,all,Astraea,"Having played Danganronpa 1 & 2 , I thought that I'm ready for whatever this game is throwing at me.Boy, I have never been so wrong..After the first class trial I was like ""what the ♥♥♥♥ just happened ?""10/10"
76561198105346585,Recommended,567640,35384723,Posted: 1 October,all,Monokuma,Always been a huge fan of Danganronpa and I gotta say they still haven't disappointed me. Really enjoyed the twists in this one
,Recommended,567640,35391582,Posted: 1 October,all,Kachwang,"It was pretty good but the ending was weird. You'll either like it or think it was stupid as ♥♥♥♥. In my opinion, danganronpa 1 and 2 were better."
,Recommended,567640,35288249,Posted: 29 September,all,Yewnit,"Big fan of the series and really looking forward to it, but so far from my experience it doesn't port to PC very well. Main fact being that the controler-controls are still shown instead of keyboard controls (i thought it would be fixed from the demo). Hoping it doesn't affect trial gameplay (minigames and such)... Other than that it's living up to the hype"
76561198047372888,Recommended,567640,35315152,Posted: 29 September,all,Firiq,"I have never had a conversation like that before.The developers are truly passionate about what they do.I recommend this game because I think it is important for people to hear it out.This game is not perfect.I got a lot out of it.... but who knows, maybe that was all a lie. ;)"
76561198155068047,Recommended,567640,35375591,Posted: 1 October,all,Rapture,"I'm only on Chapter 2 and this game has me more shaken up than D1,2 and Despair Girls combined! I'll definitely tie all my friends and family up and force them to play this game. Thanks Spike Chunsoft!11/10 would Despair again."
,Recommended,567640,35484480,Posted: 4 October,all,Bladez190,Rated 10/10 saw my favorite character.Honestly I'd say some of the twists in this game were some of the best in the series. But that means SOME of them. Overall I think Danganronpa 1 and 2 were better.Honest rating from me will be about a 7.5/8. (That ending tho)
,Recommended,567640,35490215,Posted: 5 October,all,Baery,"Amazing Story and writing. Maki, Miu and Himiko best waifus."
76561198335914954,Recommended,567640,35495880,Posted: 5 October,all,12ee.w0n9,Unique Ending!!!10/10
76561197996592211,Recommended,567640,35233733,Posted: 26 September,all,MintMilkTea,Got exactly what I hoped for. (: I'm happy.
,Recommended,567640,35348664,Posted: 30 September,all,nomansami1245,"I'm going to give this game a solid 9.5/10, and here's why:I played this game after watching all of the previous animes, watching the games' ""lets play""s on youtube (by CinnamonToastKen, i'd highly recommend watching them), and i've to say, playing this game again is a pretty awesome experience, it's definitely one you'd never forget, the thrill of always trying to find out who betrayed who, is pretty darn amazing.Pros:*)Great gameplay*)fun minigames during and post/pre trial.*)brings back alot from the past games, makes it worthy of being the 3rd main game installment*)Amazing voice acting as usual*)Detailed artwork, has a paper mario-esque view, similar to past games*)Alot more plot twists and mind ♥♥♥♥s*)Has alot of 4th wall breaking jokes, it really feels like an accomplishment once you find one of them in the gameCons:*)Can have alot of text to go through, makes it a bit annoying to go through on reruns*)Ending was not that great in my opinion, although the idea and work put into it was admirable, but then again, they can't make everyone happy, that's not how the game works*)still has a few glitches which doesnt allow text to be properly continued, meaning you have to double/triple click sometimes (unless you fast forward the convo)"
,Recommended,567640,35460517,Posted: 3 October,all,Myopic,"I hate this game, it ruined my life."
76561198001902377,Recommended,567640,35462792,Posted: 3 October,all,Barklight,Best game of the whole serie
,Recommended,567640,35497928,Posted: 5 October,all,Meeyore,"If you love Danganronpa, you will love this. Just buy it. Download, play and watch till the end, the clear data bonus and everything. Worth every cent.If you dislike Danganronpa, go play the previous games, watch the anime and love it and then do the above."
,Recommended,567640,35232584,Posted: 26 September,all,Ultimate Troll,a game that will kill anyone whose name appears in the credits
76561198083062206,Recommended,567640,35235736,Posted: 26 September,all,MoNaKa31,Must play if you're twisted like me :D
,Recommended,567640,35236251,Posted: 26 September,all,FavChanger,"Just finished the first chapter, I am lovingly hating so it so far. Which is exactly what I signed up for and it is amazing for it.Kodaka is a mad genius.I need to mention that when I was playing using the qwerty keyboard, during QTEs like in Scrum Debates and Panic Talk Action (or whatever it's called this game), the A and S keys are swithed.Another gripe I have is that the mouse buttons are switched in Class Trials compared to previous Danganronpa Games, I try to silence and I shoot a Truth Bullet by Accident. An option decided to change it would be brilliant.A patch would be appreciated, and I only point out flaws because I want the game to be the best it can. Thank You."
,Recommended,567640,35237258,Posted: 27 September,all,Slimetha,I don’t understand why I haven’t seen more complaints of either of these but it needs to be talked about before I complete the prologue even.1. Setting the control scheme to controller was a mistake that needs to be fixed since they decided to change what each button does since the last game.2. Where are the video options? Do I not get to have my game in full screen anymore?If you could fix these up it would make the experience not just better but up to par with what the game should have already been.
,Recommended,567640,35245502,Posted: 27 September,all,TheKnox,They fixed the problems with your save file getting corrupt.
76561198114269086,Recommended,567640,35252515,Posted: 27 September,all,Ster Warioh Kirbeh,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm two trials in now and WOWthese 2 trials have been absolutely top notchwell worth the 60 dollars
,Recommended,567640,35280027,Posted: 28 September,all,Sassy Soviet,"It's a great game but I have some feedbackAutosaving: it would be nice incase you are the type of person who forgets to save every now and thenPC controls: I know some PC controls but tell us pecific PC contols would be nice, you see my XBOX controller isn't the best and will occasionally stop working so if you could do something about thtother than that I reccomend it even if it's pricey"
,Recommended,567640,35281509,Posted: 28 September,all,BananaShitStainSlamDogShitJamma,"Danganronpa V3 might've not had the greatest port, but the writing is SUPERB. It might've even surpassed Danganronpa 1 & 2.The story is meaningful. Characters are more likeable. Class trials more intriguing. And climaxes are unforgettable.10/10 - Ultimate Pianist best character :)"
,Recommended,567640,35387660,Posted: 1 October,all,Leonnicius,..............Game completely break the 4th wall10/10
,Recommended,567640,35462178,Posted: 3 October,all,Burbs_,This one's a game and half for sure. It delivers the exact level of quality and intrigue that made first fall in love with this series and more. A brand new cast with new mysteries leading up to an exceptional and interesting ending that I never saw coming. Would 100% reccomend to anybody who loves this series.
,Recommended,567640,35484828,Posted: 4 October,all,Blanston Huang,First class trial fills me with despair
,Recommended,567640,35235901,Posted: 26 September,all,hententacles,"Review in progress-As a fan of all the previous games, dating back to playing the original game using the fan translation for PSP, V3 is certainly a game worth the name at this current point.At this time, I have only played up to the trial of chapter two, but the deaths have been a lovely as always. You are never quite sure who is gonna die next, as so many people like to raise their death flags.Other than a huge problem with the PC controls, this being the keyboard input lagging and something not even registering, and then the same with the mouse input, the game runs great.If you are a fan of the first two games, this game is right up your alley.Fortunately, this is a installment that is apparently seperated from the previous two, so it should be accessable for other who haven't played the older ones. But... Can we really believe Kodama?Review will be updated once game is finished."
,Recommended,567640,35279559,Posted: 28 September,all,Dandyboo,"If you loved DR1 and DR2 you'll love the majority of this. If anything puts you off it'll be the last chapter but it depends on how you like your stories. I didn't mind it, didnt think it was amazing, didn't think it was terrible, but I liked it. Everything else though is great Chapters 1-5 is consistantly awesome and the cast for this one could be my favs so far."
,Recommended,567640,35280528,Posted: 28 September,all,Grenade Egg,Just as good as the other games.
,Recommended,567640,35283268,Posted: 28 September,all,ORGANizer,"Ok, new review now that I've finally finished the game.A lot of sort of mystery sort of surrounded this game when it came out, as people heard from other people that the ending ""ruined Danganronpa"" and was ""a complete betrayal to fans"".To all of that I have to ask: What did you expect? It was shown in reviews with the developers that they had gotten tired of the formula that Danganronpa was starting to become. How long can you write the same plotlines where hope and despair always show down, and hope wins, and they live happily ever after until the next Danganronpa where they all have to kill each other until hope and despair have to fight again with yet another predictable outcome?Yes, you are supposed to feel betrayed by the ending, that's sort of the point. It turns everything you thought you knew about Danganronpa, and gives you a Neo-Akido slam on the ground. If there was possibly another way to continue this story with the same cliche hope vs despair plotline, please let me know.Otherwise, this game was a very enjoyable experience, and a lot of post game stuff to work through if you still wanted to interact with the characters after the game.If you're still worried about the ending, wait till it hits a sale."
76561198082647011,Recommended,567640,35285662,Posted: 29 September,all,Andremon,I need more
,Recommended,567640,35329989,Posted: 30 September,all,Remon,"Great game just like the previous games. The new minigames are pretty neat. Aside from Psyche Taxi (I love Mind Dive better), Mass Panic Debate and Split Opinion is cool.All I can say for the ending though is that you'll either hate it or love it, probably even both like I did.ps 4-5 hours of my ingame time was spent in the casino minigame."
76561198075348394,Recommended,567640,35372621,Posted: 1 October,all,cloudjin893,I like the game. i love the characters and going into this blind is really the way to go. I suggest playing dr1 and dr2 first as the first two games will be spoiled for you but in my opinion you can still enjoy the story without having played those 2 games. The point of the game is to make you feel as much despair as possible and it did that really well in like the first chapter. 10/10 would instabuy the next installment to the franchise.
76561198091459696,Recommended,567640,35233822,Posted: 26 September,all,HopeAndDespair,Time to watch as my favorite bear crushes the hopes and dreams of thousands around the world as no waifu or husbando is spared.
,Recommended,567640,35251450,Posted: 27 September,all,The Breeze,"I'm not crying, you're crying..."
76561198067513793,Recommended,567640,35254775,Posted: 27 September,all,Adjective Noun,;_;
,Recommended,567640,35264298,Posted: 28 September,all,Bamboo Sled,"After playing the other Danganronpa games (excluding despair girls), my hatred for this franchise haven't changed, if anything, it got worse, like waaaay worse10/10"
76561198046502351,Recommended,567640,35296898,Posted: 29 September,all,Tenko Chabashira,"I dont know where to start in this masterpiece of a game and of a series. To start, Ive been a big fan of Danganronpa 1 and 2 and for me those games were like 10/10. But DRV3 took it a step further and brought it to like a 20/10. The soundtrack got even better where's the most noteworthy tracks being the trial themes and the new mode Scrum Debate. The characters are all super interesting and feel more unique than any other ones so far. The art and the models are more expansive and beautiful. The story is so different where as before it was all about hope vs despair, this game focuses on truths vs lies, where i have to say, the new lie mechanic is super cool. All the minigames arent too challenging and are fun. The executions are more brutal and heart breaking than ever. i literally couldnt find anything bad to say other than the game needs to be longer. im not even half way but its such a good time I dont want it to end! BUY THIS GAME AND SUPPORT THIS WONDERFUL DEVELOPER FOR HOPEFULLY MORE TO COME!"
,Recommended,567640,35363212,Posted: 30 September,all,NewDayS,"A thrilling and exciting third game brought by Spike chunsoft. As expected, Danganronpa V3 killing harmony is a fantastic sequel to the previous Danganronpa games. It takes all of the elements previously introduced and improves on them. Not only did they improve everything, but they also added brand new stuff to make the game feel new and different, but still feel like the Danganronpa game we all know and love. Of course, the cast as expected is lovable. To got with those lovable characters is a deep and interesting plot that will play with your emotions. The price tag might scare you but, this game is worth every single penny. I regret nothing."
76561198015673272,Recommended,567640,35381262,Posted: 1 October,all,-------,Recently finished the game.Overall: 7.0/10Started off wonderfully cryptic and loving the different Ultimates.Sad that the special item events weren't as interesting.I feel like they are lacking compared to the previous as I had my share of Despair but not as much as Danganronpa 2.Honestly would've given this game 9.0/10 but it was very overwhelming and dangerous especially for Danganronpa Fans.I'd still recommend it but do tell me what you think?
76561198248822368,Recommended,567640,35483805,Posted: 4 October,all,❁SweetFox❁,100/10 chance ur bae will die
,Recommended,567640,35252824,Posted: 27 September,all,Ultimate Gamer,Recommend
,Not Recommended,567640,35259410,Posted: 28 September,all,TheVestGuy,"Please fix the controls of this game. It is extremely broken and needs to be updated, especially since you're charging $60 for this game. I love this series but the controls are not labeled correctly at all."
76561198082832215,Not Recommended,567640,35375919,Posted: 1 October,all,DayWolf,Really feels like the writers just gabe up on this story driven series.
76561198042529664,Recommended,567640,35221659,Posted: 26 September,all,"Ruukoto, the Nuclear Maid","Don't let the ""hours on record"" thingy lie to you, I've finished the game several times now.... Or maybe not.I'm a liar after all."
,Recommended,567640,35225015,Posted: 26 September,all,Shizuku,"So far, the game has way more production value compared to 1 and 2. I'm not too surprised, considering that they aren't working with the limitations of the PSP. For most, it won't be worth the full $60. For me, though, it entirely is so far.Pros:+Better graphics, sound design, overall quality, etc.+New feature lets you smack the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta unclickable scenery+Aforementioned feature sometimes gives Monocoins and feels very satisfying+Improved UI quality (Camera actually pans/zooms/rotates on dialogue, UI is cleaner)+Runs fine, even below min requirements (Runs at 60fps on Intel HD using an i7-4500U, only rarely drops frames)+Following up on how well it runs, the game doesn't tie speed to framerate (1 and 2 slowed down when the framerate went below 60), so it only gets choppy when the framerate drops.+Panic Debate is a welcomed addition, which makes the game more difficult (Always a good thing, in my opinion)+The new car ride minigame is a fresh new take on the snowboarding minigame from DR2, but it opts to have actual good collision detection this time around. Also, it's vaporwave.+Silencer in Nonstop Debates now rapid fires when you hold down the button+You can lie, you dirty boi.+Literally takes everything good from the previous games, removes a lot of the bad, and then adds more greatness.Cons:-Some are having issues saving their game-The community is toxic as hell, full of trolls and idiots starting arguments without even reading the comments."
76561198087070055,Recommended,567640,35219701,Posted: 26 September,all,Queen TiaraMisu,The Ultimate Cosplayer is the MastermindYour welcomeSaves you from buying the game cause its weird and turned into a joke at the believe it or notNice Punishment though it became Mortal Kombat Fatality cutscenecause everyone Died
,Recommended,567640,35270510,Posted: 28 September,all,Ika くコ:彡,lol
,Recommended,567640,35422712,Posted: 2 October,all,BlueishLeaf,Definitely the best one.
76561198096324150,Not Recommended,567640,35456343,Posted: 3 October,all,The Epi,Enjoyed the game overall... but ending.... I will just say....Immersion is broken....then again... who knows the entire truth?
76561198041732606,Recommended,567640,35226834,Posted: 26 September,all,Garry,Can punch random objects for money. Also Murder. A+ Game
,Recommended,567640,35276285,Posted: 28 September,all,Rylica,After the first trial. +1
,Recommended,567640,35268407,Posted: 28 September,all,ZoruaPaul,Best Danganronpa so far!
,Recommended,567640,35336940,Posted: 30 September,all,=WnA= Novenix,Unexpected. 10/10
,Recommended,567640,35421566,Posted: 2 October,all,Bbanzae,i paid 60 bucks to see my waifus and husbando get killedworth it
,Recommended,567640,35228588,Posted: 26 September,all,Gary,"♥♥♥♥ me, this is a great game."
76561198163288947,Recommended,567640,35266446,Posted: 28 September,all,Tuanquen,60$ worth
,Not Recommended,567640,35453677,Posted: 3 October,all,Shakeblox,"It's a good game but was released untested so there are a few annoying problems like game crashing, frame drops, scores showing me playing on different difficulty than which I picked and finally, social events glitching out. I wanted to do a social event with a new character so I gave her the right item. She thanked for it but the social event didn't happen and I was booted to the next day. I went back to the earlier save state and this time the social event got triggered correctly."
76561198073786371,Recommended,567640,35245884,Posted: 27 September,all,Etwo,Chapter 1 TrialI know who the killer is no need for trial...(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
76561198056589824,Recommended,567640,35427524,Posted: 2 October,all,Wololo,"Extremely good, maybe a little less than the 2nd"
,Not Recommended,567640,35506889,Posted: 5 October,all,XeroOl,"*AFTER THE PATCH* the A and S keys are swapped during the mashing section. I did not have this problem before the patch. They still haven't fixed the horribly unresponsive controls, which makes scrolling through any list almost impossible, especially with a timer. I strongly recommend getting this game on console"
,Recommended,567640,35237865,Posted: 27 September,all,Rу∂ια,i never truly realized the appeal of masochism until i started playing the danganronpa series
76561198028991031,Recommended,567640,35267488,Posted: 28 September,all,Perkan,"I played the first two games. I knew how amazing and heartbreaking they could be.But this game broke me at the first trial.....It freaking broke me....If you played the previous games, you will enjoy this one.Just be prepared, i certanly was not."
76561198004724206,Recommended,567640,35379664,Posted: 1 October,all,OxiD,"Cleared game after 47 hours. It's genious+A lot of memes & references to previous games of seriesAbsolute ""must buy"""
76561198048926972,Recommended,567640,35430451,Posted: 2 October,all,G von R,;_;
76561198067999966,Recommended,567640,35277445,Posted: 28 September,all,forthowin,waifus dying again
,Recommended,567640,35449414,Posted: 3 October,all,A Sexy Orange,"Another fantastic entry in the series. Personally my favorite of the main three games. The cast is strong, and the cases are solid. The ending may be very divisive, but after thinking about it, I personally love it. Haven't touched the content you unlock after completion yet, but it seems to be very solid and not just *there* like in the other games. Easily a strong 9/10, or even 10/10 IMO."
,Recommended,567640,35247657,Posted: 27 September,all,Fallz Ventus,I love this series and I've been looking forward to this game for a long time. I am enjoying it so far. The only issue I am having that there is a very noticeable audio lag. It is very disorentiting during the opening and cutscenes. I also can't go fullscreen without it being windowed. Hopefully a simple patch will fix these problems.
76561198049420453,Recommended,567640,35436145,Posted: 2 October,all,Doctor Professor Fact Core,"""Everything you know is a lie. Despair""-That's it. That's the entire game"
,Recommended,567640,35396125,Posted: 1 October,all,Caree,.
,Recommended,567640,35332577,Posted: 30 September,all,Mekia、M,only the good die young
,Recommended,567640,35322447,Posted: 29 September,all,Suwa,10/10 chapter 1
76561198028503368,Recommended,567640,35403938,Posted: 1 October,all,ManlyMan,Probably the most confusing game yet that being said. This is really close to DR2 in terms of amazing. Ending is very difficult to understand so best of luck!
,Recommended,567640,35267668,Posted: 28 September,all,TheOnlyRealFred,Great new Danganronpa game. Totally recommend it!
,Recommended,567640,35367683,Posted: 1 October,all,Inq.,best vn
76561198013385596,Recommended,567640,35367987,Posted: 1 October,all,sovengen,"Good morning, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!Danganronpa is back!!!"
,Recommended,567640,35382636,Posted: 1 October,all,Jill,Legend
,Recommended,567640,35403341,Posted: 1 October,all,free_muffin,spoilerpeople die
,Recommended,567640,35472411,Posted: 4 October,all,hiyoguy7,10/10 would have heart broken again
,Recommended,567640,35483369,Posted: 4 October,all,Kaede,This game is good.No one dies in this game.Trust me.Btw this game is incredibly amazing !!I love it!
,Recommended,567640,35259051,Posted: 28 September,all,Anarchy,Just as good as it should be. ♥♥♥♥ that first case though ;_;
,Recommended,567640,35387831,Posted: 1 October,all,Classikal,The prologue you do before you unlock the dating simulator is alright.
,Recommended,567640,35432176,Posted: 2 October,all,sorcrane,"It's only been one chapter.I AM IN UTTER DESPAIR. I am feeling so incredibly crushed. I am distraught.It's only been one chapter.Danganronpa v3 has upped the ante. It's the Danganronpa formula, yes, but somehow they've managed to dump in an entire ocean of that secret hope-despair ingredient.It's only been one chapter, and I'm terrified to read the rest."
,Recommended,567640,35452976,Posted: 3 October,all,Diana,hearwarming game
,Recommended,567640,35252157,Posted: 27 September,all,what the HECK!?!?,"If you liked the previous installments namely the original trilogy including Super Mario 64, Knack 2 and Ace Attorney 12 I recommend this game its a MMORPG  that will not disappoint!"
76561198251201092,Not Recommended,567640,35359431,Posted: 30 September,all,jennyyy10,"tenko is an annoying piece of sexist trash, i hope she dies some way or another >: (In all seriousness, the investigation and daily life parts of the game are really fun, but, the class trials are almost UNPLAYABLE.  First of all, because of the keyboard not responding, you will often miss and screw up things in the non-stop debates.  Secondly, when it tells you to press certain buttons, (COUGH COUGH SCRUM DEBATE) you dont even know what buttons to press because it tells you the ♥♥♥♥ING XBOX CONTROLLER BUTTONS.  I CANT EVEN GET PASS THE TRIAL BECAUSE I DONT KNOW WHAT THE B BUTTON ON THE XBOX CONTROLLER IS ON THE KEYBOARD.  It is so infuriating, and has almost ruined the entire experience of the game for me.  It's honestly very, very dissapointing.  Yes, I LOVE the first two Danganronpa games, but this has honestly been a bit of a let down.  The game has the potential to be the best in the series, but sometimes it just feels incomplete...  I would definately wait for a bug patch before paying $60 dollars for this. (And if someone could tell me how to configure the game to fix the xbox controls appearing instead of keyboard ones, i would really, REALLY appreciate it!)"
,Recommended,567640,35325822,Posted: 29 September,all,󠀡 󠀡 󠀡󠀡 󠀡 󠀡,Litty
,Recommended,567640,35338337,Posted: 30 September,all,Gujin,"The ending is amazing, and Hangman's Gambit doesn't suck anymore. Defs worth the purchase ;)"
76561198032397651,Recommended,567640,35421937,Posted: 2 October,all,astand,"The best Danganronpa game so far, in my opinion. It was really an amazing experience. But it's not perfect, of course.First of all, you must play DR1 and DR2 first, otherwise you will get completely spolied and confused at some parts of the game. Watching DR3 anime is also preferrable, but it's not that necessary. Now, about the game itself...Starting from bad things: PC version has some technical issues. A and S keys are swapped in some minigames (how did this even pass beta testing?!) and in some scenes there is a problem with keyboard and mouse response (not a deal breaker, but pretty annoying). I hope it will get fixed soon.Another thing that irritated me is that some minigames are completely pointless and just damage the flow of the trials. Psyche Taxi is the worst example of this, but Hangman and Mining are also pretty bad.Also post-game content is kinda meh, but who cares.Other than that, I loved pretty much everything about DRV3. The character cast is great - as always, there are some ridiculous characters, but even they usually have something likeable about them. And several characters became my favourites in the series.Visuals and soundtack are superb, presentation in trials is amazing as always. It certainly helps in make you feel hyped for what's coming.The story and murder mysteries are intriguing, and plot twists are aplenty (some you will see coming, some will leave your jaw-dropping even if you are experienced with that sort of stories). I found a couple of cases to be somewhat lacking, though, but the game makes up for it.There are a lot of people complaining about the ending, but I personally think it was fitting for DRV3. You will need to decide for yourself, I guess, but I don't see why people say the ending ruins the game or something like that.Overall, a must-buy for DR fans. I guarantee you will feel a lot of despair while playing."
,Recommended,567640,35431234,Posted: 2 October,all,Terror,Just Completed Class trial 2... for now going really good..
76561198182552935,Recommended,567640,35456542,Posted: 3 October,all,Idandop,10/10
76561197961223276,Not Recommended,567640,35376954,Posted: 1 October,all,FIRE FIRE FIRE,"Chapter 1: Terrible (violates multiple of Knox's ""Ten Commandments"" of mystery writing)Chapters 2-5: Normal Danganronpa, good even.Chapter 6: Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥I would honestly just stop at the end of 5."
,Not Recommended,567640,35239690,Posted: 27 September,all,MrTennek,"Currently as good as unplayable with mouse and keyboard due to certain key inputs not being mapped correctly and a nasty bug that causes all input to not be registered at all.  Incredibly disappointing, given how excellent the ports of the first two games were."
,Recommended,567640,35218192,Posted: 26 September,all,Tei Shamaladingdong,"Hello Despair my old friend,I've come to talk to you again."
,Not Recommended,567640,35501068,Posted: 5 October,all,Beato,"Massive spoilers:the entire Danganronpa series is ruined by poorly written metaplot of this game. Even though the game was great until the last case, the aftertaste of final revelation is awful. I don't even know what the developers were thinking. Trust me and don't waste money on this trash. Especially if you are Danganronpa fan.PS: ████ you too, Spike Chunsoft writers."
76561198180773281,Recommended,567640,35224675,Posted: 26 September,all,YunoGasai,how do i install the ost
,Recommended,567640,35226754,Posted: 26 September,all,ＳＡＤＢＯＹＳ,60 US dollaronpas well spent
76561198036876035,Recommended,567640,35228266,Posted: 26 September,all,Izanagi,"One of those games that I bought instantly, if you are a fan of the series just buy it, if your new go get the first game you will love it."
76561198182479345,Not Recommended,567640,35464318,Posted: 3 October,all,Loli pounder,not until they fix this stupid lag problem. nothing like when it lags when your trying to shoot a point then you complete miss becuase of it then restart the whole thing
,Recommended,567640,35424841,Posted: 2 October,all,Redjay,There's nothing as bad as ON THE MEAT BONE or CAMERA ANGLE10/10
76561198291293146,Not Recommended,567640,35445318,Posted: 3 October,all,Kormiitti,Its very buggy. It doesn´t let me save and the trials are so buggy. Definietly isn´t worth the price. All the other danganronpa games have been good but this is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198080558599,Recommended,567640,35227454,Posted: 26 September,all,Hentai Master,"The last time I was this happy, my waifu was actually alive. I give it 11/monokubs."
76561198102113122,Recommended,567640,35237561,Posted: 27 September,all,dhomy-21,lost of words
,Recommended,567640,35230271,Posted: 26 September,all,Johnv025,I am sad
76561198044666749,Recommended,567640,35302999,Posted: 29 September,all,▪At-low▪,okay port. game itself is ten times better than the last one
76561198060946700,Recommended,567640,35421408,Posted: 2 October,all,Medusa seducer,Kirumi
,Recommended,567640,35231773,Posted: 26 September,all,Peen,Rest in peace
76561198317106327,Recommended,567640,35252909,Posted: 27 September,all,Chizuru Hishiro,...
,Recommended,567640,35375953,Posted: 1 October,all,Cumaru,"""Don't just end Danganronpa"" ""We supported you!"" ""You owe us!""anyway,great game with some new element unlike the previous game (trigger happy havoc and sdr2)we have ""female protag"" here :D"
76561198057158237,Recommended,567640,35259895,Posted: 28 September,all,LULplayer,more addictive than the last series
,Not Recommended,567640,35355066,Posted: 30 September,all,Count Dabula,"Currently, I would not buy the game in it's current state. Too many bugs/issues. It doesn't display PC controls unless you open the config tool to set it, same going for fullscreen and your anti-aliasing. While I have not encountered this bug, my friend has, and it's been very upsetting to him. During the Rythm Game, S & A were swapped. He's gotten to Trial 2 and it's still been swapped.I do not have this issue, but a majority do, it seems. Until these are fixed, I do not reccomend this game as of now."
76561198398298726,Recommended,567640,35236679,Posted: 26 September,all,[NANI] J0HN.exe,"I'm trying to stream danganronpa v3 on obs, but every time it first shows the music thing in the top left corner my frames drop. Can any of you please help me this would mean a lot. (yes I do know about the streaming after chapter 1 situation so calm down.)"
,Recommended,567640,35423490,Posted: 2 October,all,Capritorne,"This is, in my opinion, the best game in the series.I loved the characters, and the story was great, the only problem I had with it was the ending, but I don't want to spoil that.Overwall, I give it a 10/10, as I was completely shocked a lot of the time, which most games dont do to me anymore.Also, 118.4 hours at the time of writing this review, I'm currently going through a second time getting monokumas and extra scenes, I might have the most hours on record on steam version? Dunno"
76561198092498323,Recommended,567640,35435057,Posted: 2 October,all,Unnoticed,There is no such thing as a happiness
,Recommended,567640,35295339,Posted: 29 September,all,Noire Is Waifu,better than shadowverse
76561198152999401,Recommended,567640,35251724,Posted: 27 September,all,kurang piknik,they say the danganronpa 2 isn't hardcore enough. congratulation you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they make it more hardcore than ever!me : that is a really sad deathbrain :  and probabbly still virgin.me : KAZUTA KODAKA YOU SICK ♥♥♥♥!!! THOSE ARE HIGHSCHOOLERS.... THE ♥♥♥♥ WITH YOU MAN!!!kazuta kodaka is monokumai don't know what to do with this despairps. not sorry for bad english
,Recommended,567640,35269037,Posted: 28 September,all,defective pancake,How can killings be real when the characters aren't?
,Recommended,567640,35220171,Posted: 26 September,all,Iamdeadlyz,The most important question of all...Do robots have d*cks?*despair intensifies*
,Recommended,567640,35410630,Posted: 2 October,all,Auto Clicker by MurGee.com,the best and most wild dr game
,Recommended,567640,35229238,Posted: 26 September,all,Jundacho,Its gud
,Recommended,567640,35300241,Posted: 29 September,all,Ste Boi,mentally prepare yourself for your favourite to die and this is an instant 10/10
76561198072914360,Not Recommended,567640,35362270,Posted: 30 September,all,analfecesmuncher3,♥♥♥♥♥end
,Recommended,567640,35217712,Posted: 26 September,all,★Akashiro★,"At last, I get to go back to school again, only this time I can finally enjoy myself by seeing my classmates die, only that this time I actually like my classmates.11/9 would have their feelings played with again"
,Not Recommended,567640,35497867,Posted: 5 October,all,tokek,fictional game
76561198094162542,Recommended,567640,35217317,Posted: 26 September,all,Schwifty,This game is shaping up to be as good as the first two.
,Not Recommended,567640,35237846,Posted: 27 September,all,The Majestic Walrus,"Currently unplayable without controller, certain key inputs must either be deciphered by guessing with trial and error or some inputs are not bound to PC. Otherwise your typical Danganronpa game, waiting for a patch to make this playable. If you do not own a controller, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET!"
,Not Recommended,567640,35246423,Posted: 27 September,all,Eblo,"Unplayable. There's a bug that seems to permanently give you a black screen, making trials impossible. I'll write a better review when SC gets around to fixing this, which might never happen."
,Not Recommended,567640,35236215,Posted: 26 September,all,45,Play zero's escape instead it's better.
,Not Recommended,567640,35237600,Posted: 27 September,all,Tora,Weakest first case in DR series. Straight up lying and hiding your character's actions and inner monologue to make the case happen. If the rest of the game has the same level of hogwash writing - it's not worth even pirating and wasting your time on.
76561198072995947,Not Recommended,567640,35242688,Posted: 27 September,all,Yelg,worst minigames that i have ever seen
76561198042961109,Not Recommended,567640,35223152,Posted: 26 September,all,strinpearc,"game say i saved but upon quitting and restarting, my saves are deleted as if they never occured. dont know whats happening."
,Not Recommended,567640,35232171,Posted: 26 September,all,Peace Keeper,mega poz'd. wait for steam sales. this isn't worth $60.
,Not Recommended,567640,35226028,Posted: 26 September,all,Supreme Officer,Really Junko Enoshima-ed my wallet.
,Not Recommended,567640,35232387,Posted: 26 September,all,Imoen,"The end of the first chapter gave me so much despair my poor heart can't even handle it. I have to say, for the games theme, it was perfect ... but its not what i wanted to play."
,Not Recommended,567640,35232505,Posted: 26 September,all,stu.oldskoolded,0/10 i still cant look at my feet
,Not Recommended,567640,35426167,Posted: 2 October,all,piapp,Didnt wanna play more after the first trial ;w;Edit: SECOND TRIAL DIDNT HELP ;W;
,Recommended,567640,35251100,Posted: 27 September,all,Winter Grey,"It's a good game and I'm gripped (as per usual) so far. However, there are a few issues here and there that you need to know going in.I don't know if it's due to my set up. I am using Keyboard and mouse on setting 'Danganronpa' rather than 'shooter'. I don't know what the difference is. But it may just be the port from PS4 to PC. I failed the Class Trial twice due to keybinding issues and made mistakes due to weird latency. When you click, about 30% of the time it refuses to work. When it's going through dialogue its not too much of an issue but it is an issue when trying to shoot things during the debates and the like. It can be a pain in the butt when you sit there waiting for the right prompt to show up and you try to fire and nothing happens.Not only that, but the keybind for A and S have been switched, but only apparently during class trials. This is where i found my biggest issue. There's a part where it tells you to QTE/Button mash a certain key. For 'D' it was absolutely fine, but when it came to pressing 'A' I failed  the section despite mashing it. Only to find through trial and error it for some reason thinks that 'A' is the 'S' key. Quite annoying. Not only that but instead of the tempo mini-game for the closing argument it's now more of a basic 'Osu' style game, where when the circle around a letter fills, you press that key.So when you're trying to keep tempo and then have to press 'A' which is 'S' it can get confusing, and requires precision. Which will cause Misses on those keys a lot.It's going to be annoying to get used to.I only hope that the keyboard controls will be fixed via a patch soon.However, so far the story is interesting, loving the characters and locations and it feels like a healthy mix of new and old mechanics."
76561198028793209,Recommended,567640,35329760,Posted: 30 September,all,denniszachh,"If you like Danganronpa, you'll like the third one. If you haven't played the first two, i'd recommend you do that first, as they will add context to a lot of the twists and references in this game."
76561198050558419,Recommended,567640,35291326,Posted: 29 September,all,Georgie,"One of the few games where I can say ""There are bushes in the bathrooms"".10/10 would bush again"
76561198047842956,Recommended,567640,35232961,Posted: 26 September,all,Wolve Mori,Four hours in and I've already been bamboozled countless times.
,Recommended,567640,35259212,Posted: 28 September,all,Simply complicated.,Worth the sixty bucks for the despair the first trial brought me alone.
76561198072446560,Recommended,567640,35222105,Posted: 26 September,all,Juutak,"Here we are again... New school, new Ultimate students and of course old Monokuma! Hope and despair fighting once again. Who do you trust? Will hope prevail once again? We will see."
,Recommended,567640,35217582,Posted: 26 September,all,Harry,"This game has some spoilers related to previous 2 game which is great, but if you're new to this game, you should finish Danganronpa 1 Trigger Happy Havoc to understand the gap of the event before playing this great gameGraphic is a huge jump between Danganronpa 1 and 2Beautiful OSTThis is the best Visual Novel imo100% RecommendedRemember to load your demo save for Extra scene and bonus contentsI have skipped 51 Seasons for This killing Game"
,Recommended,567640,35384911,Posted: 1 October,all,Flotilla,"Danganronpa V3 is an excellent followup to the first two games, and though its direction is sure to divide people, it's still arguably the best game in the series. Expect a strong roster, a catchy soundtrack, and a story that throws curveballs that're just straight enough as to not feel underhanded."
,Recommended,567640,35400205,Posted: 1 October,all,joey,lol its time
76561198088432476,Recommended,567640,35292439,Posted: 29 September,all,Ghoulish,"Where do I start...It's Danganronpa for Christ's sake! Anything can happen! I've already been shocked to the core by the revelations in this game so far, and I know the worst is yet to come.The game is amazing, the new mechanics are interesting and the Scrum Debate in the Class Trial is really fun (and they fixed Hangman's Gambit finally).It's definitely a must buy for and Danganronpa fan, just remember, do NOT get attached to anyone...Edit: Just finished the game and... wow..."
76561198064519962,Recommended,567640,35401106,Posted: 1 October,all,AMeasuringRuler,"Another killing game, another 16 students.I mean, what more do you need to know to buy this game. It's more Danganronpa, but honestly, I think this is the best Danganronpa of the series.... except for the ending, which I'll get back to.The mechanics and graphics are amazing, and the whole school has character, unlike the first two games where it kind of felt monotonous or generic. Speaking of character, I always liked each character in every game, but of course, I had characters I loved, and even in that category, I had characters I favorited above the other beloved characters. This time though, I loved all the characters and favorited like half of them. Each death felt more sorrowful, and since it is a big school and you can find the characters just lazing around somewhere, the more the story continued, the more empty the place felt.All in all, everything but the ending was a 10/10 no contest.SPOILERS NOW!!!!!!!!!!!Okay, so the ending. I think everyone will either love the ending or absolutely hate it. It basically fictionized the entire series up to this point.... or did it? This is the problem I have with the ending. It isn't clear, and if this is the last Danganronpa game, then nothing will ever get cleared up.How is it not clear? Some of you who have played through will say that it is very clear what Tsumugi had claimed. However, what is clear to me is that the ""True Ending"" is a lie.... then again, that is the entire theme of this game. Anyways, there are two problems with what Tsumugi claimed:First, she is the Ultimate Cosplayer, and she shows the skill to back it up. However, she is not fictional, at least not like everyone else. She can interact with the outside world and is part of the production team. However, if she is an Ultimate, this suggests that there are Ultimates in the outside world, and therefore, there was a Hope's Peak Academy in some form. Even if the games are fiction, it was based on a real thing in their world.Second, concerning her claim that she can only cosplay as fictional characters and will have cospox if she cosplays real characters, we have no proof of this. Tsumugi could have, through her Ultimate Cosplayer ability, just made herself red without anybody noticing.BUT, what is most contradictory about her statements is that she got coxpox pretending to be Kaede. But, she has video proof that Kaede in the game and Kaede of the outside world are two different people. But, if Tsumugi does get cospox from cosplaying real people, then Kaede, the Ultimate Pianist, does exist, and again, it suggests that Danganronpa 53 is the only game that was fictional. The other games happened in the Danganronpa real world.Again, this is why I have problems with the ending. It isn't 100% clear how we are supposed to interpret this ending, and if this was the last Danganronpa game, then we will never know. That annoys the hell out of me.That said, I still recommend this game for the everything else."
76561198170418175,Recommended,567640,35398866,Posted: 1 October,all,Flip Flapper,SAVE OFTEN THERE ARE RANDOM FREEZES.besides this problemSome PC port problems present.Playing with controller = no proplemfemale protagonist = 10/10
,Recommended,567640,35459692,Posted: 3 October,all,EpicMic,"What can I say, Its Danganronpa if you're a fan of the last 2 games, then you'l love this one as well. Also despite what many other people believe, I kinda liked the ending, though thats just my opinon ."
76561198067756698,Recommended,567640,35250489,Posted: 27 September,all,Autism Vaccine,"The initial release had some issues, but they've fixed it since then, so I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,567640,35306503,Posted: 29 September,all,noryn4rlp,"I have hundreds of games but I have never gotten this much value out of a game before which is amazing - plus I've been playing visual novels non-stop for over 5 years!There are sooo many visual novels with comparable prices that have far less compelling storylines and far more boring minigames - this game is worth every penny because after a prologue and 2 chapters - I have already played 36 hours.Only the VN producers of Danganronpa could consistently outdo themselves like this - no matter how great a game they make, they always manage to top the last game each time with plenty of style and ease.Anyway there is no better VN series in existence - this VN is beautiful in art, story, and gameplay while being extremely polished - I hope the creators never run out of inspiration :-)"
76561198074316984,Recommended,567640,35461228,Posted: 3 October,all,Hobbes713,"Just finished the game and the ending will definitely be polarizing with Danganronpa fans.  With that being said, if you played the first two games, you owe it to yourself to play this one as well.  The twists and turns in this game are truely mind blowing."
,Recommended,567640,35461594,Posted: 3 October,all,Monokuma,"Boy, howdy! I'm not sure how to write this review, but I'll put a spoiler warning here, just in case! Nothing is going to be censored for spoilers, so read at your own discretion!I'll say it right now, I spoiled myself pretty early on. I learned who was murdered, executed, the mastermind, the overhead 'story'. When I learned these things, I was heavily, heavily disappointed. Not because I spoiled myself, but because of the story at hand. I thought I wasn't going to like it. But I forced myself to play. I spent $60 on the game, because I wanted to believe in it.And honestly, I think believing in the game paid off. I fell in love with the characters. Sure, the characters suffer from pretty obvious Same-face Syndrome, but their designs and personalities still stood out to me. Well, except for Kokichi Ouma. I sincerely hated that little twerp and was glad his♥♥♥♥♥got ♥♥♥♥ingcrushed,even if second-best guy Kaito was killed because of it.This is the first time I actually kind of cried playing the game, specifically because of Chapter 4's trial. I won't go THAT far into details, but I give it props for actually making me shedding a tear.I don't know what to properly critique about this game, though... I thought the story was... pretty alright, actually! Despite learning that everything was a huge♥♥♥♥♥lie. But I still feel like they turned it around to something workable, and even useable for more stories. You can only focus so much around a particular setting... And I feel like they're beating Hope's Peak Academy to death.My only real complaint about this game is probably the most common complaint amongst others -- unresponsive controls. Finding myself clicking repeatedly to advance text, unable to select answers and taking influence damage... But other than that, I don't really have any complaints! -- Well, I still kinda regret pumping $60 into the game. I don't think Danganronpa is ready to be a $60 title yet.Of all things, still a better ending than Danganronpa 3: The End of Hope's Peak Academy."
76561197995193577,Recommended,567640,35487994,Posted: 4 October,all,dolochor,If you played and enjoyed the first two you will enjoy this one!If you havent played the first two games do not start with this one as it includes spoilers for those games.Though not completly nessary having seen the Danganranpa 3 anime adds to the enjoyment of the game since the game pulls clips from the anime as well as the previous games.Trail one filled me with despair =(
,Recommended,567640,35487526,Posted: 4 October,all,Spooki Kabubki,"Main game is good, better earlier chapters than DR1&2, better hangman's gambit, good new miniegame, logic dive ruined though. Miu Best Girl. None of this matter though.School mode and island mode are for CHUMPS. I wouldnt drink 'Magical Girl Miracle ★ Monomi' if I was wandering through the desert for a week. V3 evolves to the next level with it's bonus mode. A dope board game that has sweet character interaction coupled with a dungeon crawler rpg, spinkled with a little Gachapon. Once you beat V3 you have yourself a huge supply of ways to waste your time and it's magnificent."
76561197991236158,Recommended,567640,35244746,Posted: 27 September,all,Jerre,"Okay so most problems I had with this game seem to be fixed and I have completed the game once.Danganronpa V3 (is that really a V  though?) delivers again a fantastic story and honestly they could have stopped after the first chapter. The end though you either think its genuis or kinda lame.For game mechanics its mostly the same as the first 2 games with some additions which keep it interesting enough. There is also a casino where you can play some minigames to earn some different kind of coins to buy items,skills and themes. For later stages in the game I recommend the driving game to be the easiest.The extras you unlock after you finish the game is a dating sim version and some bord/rpg game which are nice buy you will prob not play them much.There are some great music pieces in the game and offcourse the classic danganronpa music is also in there.The things I didn't really like are the monokubs but that is just me.The loading screens, I whish they could load most of the rooms,area's so that it wouldn't load that much or at least pre-load them but who knows maybe all the loading is part of the danganronpa experience.There is still the issue where the game freezes of some sort where the audio is still playing but you can't do anything... I had this a lot in the last chapter and it gets kinda annoying.And there is ofcourse the 60€/$ price the game currently has which to be honest is a lot for this game. I'm a working man so for me it didn't matter much but for a VN which doesn't have much replayability the 60€/$ price is to much. If it gets the the 40€/$ price definitely get this game."
,Not Recommended,567640,35288147,Posted: 29 September,all,Nator,"This game is ultimately a miss for me.I was expecting something different from the previous titles, but this entry is pretty much the same as them. It's hard to say why exactly I disliked the game without giving specific spoilers to the story, but in the big picture it's because the previous games did this story already, but better. If you're looking to get this game and haven't played the previous titles, I would reccomend those since they are cheaper, run better, and do this story in a more satisfying way.Pros:- Likable characters, even the oddballs- Music from previous games and additional music make a good soundtrack- Post game content is better than the actual game itself- Trial mini-games are somewhat (actually) improved- Optional ""lying"" mechanic is fun if you look for itCons:- Story follows beats of previous games' stories nearly identically, despite being advertised as not having anything to do with them- Performance issues (frame stuttering, dropped inputs) that make it quite a slog to play some times, perhaps because of bad porting- Most of the puzzles were quite easy and not very stimulating- If you end up not liking the story there's not much else to cling to"
,Recommended,567640,35496282,Posted: 5 October,all,HejtzerIV,"I thought this game will be like previous Danganronpa's... How wrong I was... This game has lots of changes not only in gameplay, but with lore and story too.Now let's talk about gameplay, first of all now when you talk to someone you can see your and someone else's character at the same time and when you talk to more than 1 person the camera will move between those characters wich are talking right now, it's not something big, but it makes game look better and more proffesional.Free time is the same, only 1 minus is that sometimes characters will talk to you for longer but sometimes the will say few words and that's all.Investigations are nearly the same, only noticable changes are new and more animations.Class trials... Lots have changed, now you can lie in class trials if necessary, many new mini-games wich are great, for an eg. Scrum Debate where half of people will argue with 2nd half of them, Mass Panic Debate where you will have to argue with at least 3 people at the same moment, Psyche Taxi... Nearly same as Brain Dive from DR2, improved Hangman's Gambit... This time for real improved, still worse than one from 1st DR, but better than from DR2, and a lot more.Characters are written really great, as always. My favourite ones are Kaede, Kaito, Maki (but later in game) and Keebo.Graphics aren't that bad, but a lot more important is art-style and it's way better than graphics.Price is terrible.Optimisation is pretty bad. On highest setting my game lagged only few time, that's not bad, but you still need GTX 960 (wich I own) to play this game on highest settings with tiny amount of lags.Pros:-Gameplay-Characters-SOUNDTRACK IS GREAT, 10/10-Class trials-Better mysteries-Game lenght-Story-Lore-Art-styleCons:-For now price is terrible, when I bought this game it did cost 60€, but I'm fan of DR so I had to buy it xd-Optimisation-Nearly impossible to get true ending without help or if you want to save game at the end. (You have to click ""no"" instead of ""yes"" when game asks you if you want to save game after bad ending, lol)-Japanesee Monokuma's voice actor, I always loved Japanesee monokuma's va, but they changed va in this game and he is worse.(I might add some stuff later, but not for sure)"
76561198084573995,Recommended,567640,35489300,Posted: 5 October,all,Chilijuice,"Tl;drmake sure to play the 1st and 2nd game b4 playing thisawesome gamedissapointing endingPros:-awesome mysteries-awesome character development-awesome soundtrack-awesome story-telling-some parts of the gameplay has improved (like non-stop debate, Rebuttal Showdown and the new logic dive)-some new added gameplay features for some added difficulty (like mass panic debate and Debate Scrum)Cons:-ITS A MUST that u play the 1st and 2nd game of danganronpa or else u will be exposed with huge spoilers of the previous games- Hangman Gambit had poor changes and made it worse-I experienced a bug were the A and S keys are switched during Argument Armament and from my knowledge there is isnt any settings for keybindings-Where Mah Shitimi at?!?!-A dissapointing twist at the end, and wen u think the outcome of it was about to make it a bit forgivable the final scene will even make Sonia Nevermind say:""Jesus!♥♥♥♥♥♥ You son of a ♥♥♥♥♥!"""
,Recommended,567640,35511554,Posted: 5 October,all,Snipr14,"DR1: hey, sound track is fantastic, tons of anime satire, and a great storyDR2: best game of the three, fantastic story, fantastic charectars, and the best OSTDRv3: WHY?!?! WHY ME?!?! *sobs*"
