user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198065913130,Recommended,568040,30578561,Posted: 17 March,all,Coward,"A nice, small game catering to those who played the old N64 games and offering them a short trip through memory lane.Taking Rare's classic style as a basis for the character design, Macbat 64 compensates for it's short length by offering a variety of gamestyles in addition to the platforming.The game makes no pretence of offering a challenge to the player, only selling itself on a shared nostalgia and it's own charm.In this, it has succeeded."
,Not Recommended,568040,30605704,Posted: 18 March,all,OriginalVin,"While I realize this has months of work put into it from multiple people, its just not a satisfying game - even for $4.Its an incredibly light experience - I blew through this in about 40 minutes. That's literally shorter than some demos. It certainly looks the part of an N64 game, and sounds like a Rare title, but there's just so little done with any of it here. The ""Worlds"" are really just large-ish rooms (though the HUBS in games like Banjo Kazooie, Spyro and Gex: Deep Cover Gecko easily dwarf these areas). And while I appreciate the idea of multi-part mission objectives here, as it feels a bit like a super simplified proto-Sly Cooper to be very kind (Ex: in the first world you need to lift up a cage using 4 balloons, so you must accomplish tasks for 4 people on the island so they'll give you their balloons), there's just nothing to really engage you with. ""Collect those things"" - well they're not in hard to reach places and no exploration is required so done. ""Pop those balloons""  - okay well that's not hard because they're not moving and again they're all out in the open because this is just a small room. Just super basic stuff like that. That's kind of it. There is a hidden world map (16-bit style) at the end of the game, but I can't actually do anything besides wander around on it and enjoy the Mode 7-esque effect. There's also a ""Bonus"" Book of content that is comprised of 3 extra level ""concepts"" I guess, which are neat, but can be blown through in about 5 minutes.As a platformer, its not very engaging since you can flutter around (its not built to test your skill at using that ability; its just like dropping a flying character into any average 3D Platformer). There are no enemies to fight except the final boss, so everything is just nice and laid back (MacBat is, after all, a nice chap). And the levels are all so small... if Super Mario 64 is the 3D equivalent to a 2D platformer with scrolling levels like Super Mario Bros., than this is the 3D equivalent of some kind of single screen platformer like Bubble Bobble or Popeye or Mario Bros. or Donkey Kong. Its really, really disingenuous to call these areas ""Worlds"". Its just... going through the motions for 40 minutes and then its done. I can't stress enough how you should absolutely NOT go into this expecting anything that's going to engage your thinking skills or reflexes, and certainly not anything that gets anywhere near a fully-featured 3D Platformer-type experience. Its, sadly, just pretty boring to play through.Yeah there's a cart racing section here - its not exactly deep or satisfying either. Yeah there's a 2.5D part - ditto. Yeah there's (X element); lemme cut to the chase - its all unsatisfying. Not broken, not bad. But veeeery basic, simple and light. Just desperately in need of some refinement, added game mechanics and depth in general.For $4, its not like I'll refund it or anything. But man, I don't even know if its worth it for that. So I can't recommend it. The creator(s) has/have skill at recreating N64-esque visuals. And it controls fine - I feel like this character absolutely could be in a really fun game with his ability to flutter around. But THIS game just doesn't engage the player all that well, and certainly not for very long. Like, at all. Good visual execution and a good sense of humor aren't enough to get MacBat 64 off the ground, unfortunately.I suggest ponying up $15 and getting Poi if you want a 3D Platformer. Or, like, the Ty the Tasmanian Tiger HD Remasters here on Steam (I assume Voodoo Vince HD will also be $15 when that comes out). And of course stuff like Yooka-Laylee and Snake Pass are coming up soon enough. If you're feeling nostalgic for 3D Platformers, they're coming back, and they'll do a better job of scratching that itch than poor little MacBat, who deserves... well, just a whole lot more than is on offer here :(Unless you're just super into supporting indie titles, or want to see an experiment in recreating N64 atmosphere, or playing through an ""N64-esque experience"" more than a game, I really can't recommend this... and that bums me out."
,Recommended,568040,30582892,Posted: 17 March,all,nujumkey,"This is a game i've been following since greenlight and day one of release i've bought and beaten it. I like this game, but it's definately a 6/10 situation more than it is a 9/10.The controls definately feel like an old N64 game, and combine that with the looks of the models and the game definately has the clunkiness and feel of an N64 game. Which is exactly what i want when i buy a game selling itself as a celebration of the N64 era.You play as Macbat, i think. The story is definately lacking; the game likes to throw you straight into the action. There are a few cutscenes but the gist fo the game is you are a protagonist who needs to find 6 keys to do something about a broken water factory. Along the way you go through ten levels with some unique environments and quests where you explore a bunch and find things to help cute and quirky characters. These characters will give you more things that will help you explore things and do quests until you find a key and the level is done. Sounds pretty good right?So why would i say it's a 6/10?None of the characters really get more than one dialog box, they just say small quips and jokes. I did like the humor, and it works well in a game thats this short, but i do feel a game charging $5 should provide a bit more than just jokes and ten short levels. It's clear the developer the game wants to be silly and fun in a really imaginative way, but there isn't any depth to the story or any characters to feel invested in. The game tries to rely purely on it's gameplay to get you into it.On that note: the platforming and exploration is fun, but the levels don't last nearly as long as you might first expect and mechanically the game really doesn't stand out much from the basic platforming moves. I do like collecting things and completing quests, and i like when the game helps me by teleporting me around to cut down on backtracking. But theres something about collecting and item, and having the camera warp to see the character appear in a different location that's underwhelming, almost like there should be a cutscene to help smooth out the transition. Even jsut adding some form of collectable, like music notes and golden feathers in similar games, to help give the game some extra stuff to do.There is also a whole racing level which is pretty neat. Could use a minimap.Also just wanted to add the level select is this book that you open and turn pages to select the level; i really like it.Of course a lack of polish is what happens when the game has a one man development team who has to do everything himself (other than the music, which is pretty good), and i know cutscenes and animations in 3d aren't the easiest thing to do, but given the amount of content and the price I expected more.TLDR: The characters are cute and the platforming is alright, but there are better places to spend $5."
76561197985592260,Recommended,568040,32717535,Posted: 24 June,all,BiggerJ,"This game was clearly made by someone who Gets(TM) Banjo-Kazooie nostalgia. This game goes beyond the developer's free single-level game Kiwi 64 by capturing not just gameplay but certain important feelings: wonder and mystery. There's secret items, implied lore, and even nods to unresolved mysteries from the previous game (the 60th clef and the Ice Ke--Egglant.). And just as BK, BT and DK64 had you actually reach the mysterious final destination previously only shown in cutscenes, the forboding Watery Factory constantly looms in the distance whenever you can see the horizon. The developer's own personal predilections even come into play in the 1980's nostalgia level (which very much sets out to capture current perceptions of the period, rather than the style of the actual period). The gameplay is okay, but this is a game primarily about replicating feelings, and it does so surprisingly well. I'm eagerly awaiting whatever this guy makes next."
,Recommended,568040,33354187,Posted: 7 July,all,Ezelf,Fun little hour long game designed to be a spiritual successor to Banjo Kazooie. The game has its charm and i would definantly purchase a sequel. My only complaints is that the levels are to short and the book takes to long to navigate in the later levels of the game. Grant Kirkhope also makes an appearance! 7/10 get it when it goes on sale
,Not Recommended,568040,30659430,Posted: 21 March,all,kingck,"ive been following this project since the greenlight, which i had incredible hope for this game after playing the demo. Its a great concept and granted it does itch that Nostelga bug but sadly it will take only an hour to complete at most, which i would have love to see larger levels. the biggest disapointment is the level are almost insultingly easy it almost doesnt even feel like a game still more of a demo. granted at a 5$ USD price tag seems somewhat fair but at the same time you do need to know your paying for a enhanced demo.to sum it up it feel like all the puzzle pieces are there but they just didnt put the puzzle together right."
,Recommended,568040,30730594,Posted: 25 March,all,Dr. MuffinWater,Feels like an N64 game and plays like one. What's to complain about?
,Recommended,568040,31126258,Posted: 13 April,all,HajimeTheFool,"If you are a fan of any platformers from the N64 era, especially Banjo-Kazooie, this game will hurt you so much you will probably drop a nostalgia tear while playing. It's short, maybe 30 minutes to 1h, but it's definitely something I will return to and play again over the following years.  It's easy to play (and the controller ready to use is awesome!) and I found the character really smooth to control. And there are many secrets are easter eggs to discover, which make exploration rewarding!I'm happy a game like this was made. Now I just wish it would become a larger game with big levels! And playing it on a N64 cartridge...90%"
,Recommended,568040,30590462,Posted: 18 March,all,AusNaminator,This was a nice short and sweet game and a nod to classic 3D platformers of the N64 Era. Would have been nice to see Achivements but nevertheless this was a good game. :D
,Recommended,568040,30599500,Posted: 18 March,all,Seft Knight,"At first the game was really fun so I played through until I finished the whole game. Both books. All 4 Golden Kiwi Statues. And yes, all of the mystery eggs. After I completed it however, it got pretty boring quickly. Still, it is very fun. I still wonder if I found all of the secrets, and if there are secrets within the secrets. Hmmmmm.... I wonder. Is it possible to find the 60th note?Spoiler Alert: In Mac-Racing you can find the clam from Kiwi 64 inside of a tree trunk off course."
,Recommended,568040,34983765,Posted: 15 September,all,Hallow,"Simple, Short, And Sweet love letter to the N64 games of years ago."
,Recommended,568040,30586357,Posted: 18 March,all,H͜į̴͠l̸̕̕͟a (Fungus),"It's might be one of the best games i ever played in 2017 , even if its was kinda short , there were so much stuff to do .. 3D platformer , 2D platformer , eagle view car race and Karting! i won't spoil too much but there going to be a huge surprise for those who played the creator games ( game jolt ). worth it playing!"
,Not Recommended,568040,30582503,Posted: 17 March,all,Syaxamaphone,"As the game is right now, I can't recommend it. There are a lot of things I would like to see implemented in the future:-the ability to edit controls on the fly from inside the game-same with resolution-steam functionality (achievements? Cards?)-more polish on transitions and effects. instantaniously being teleported to the beginning of the stage is a poor way to handle touching the banana ghosts for example.As for N64 charm, I can really only say that the graphics are the only thing that do the job. The game touches on several elements from popular N64 titles but fails to follow through and use them to a fuller potential. There is definitely charm but a lack of polish and meager bite-sized chunks of various mechanics with often flawed presentation leaves a lot to be desired. Instead of a homage to the great classics, its barely a nod in their general direction. The game feels more like one of those 3D graphic tech demos used to show off an old-timey graphics card.All that said, if the ideas present in Macbat 64 were expanded upon, I'd certainly be willing to give a sequel or future work a try."
76561198089805112,Recommended,568040,30609257,Posted: 19 March,all,FriskyDingo,Awesome game! Cant wait to see more from the dev team at Siactro!
,Recommended,568040,30580667,Posted: 17 March,all,E123OmegaShow,"If you are a Banjo-Kazooie or Donkey Kong 64 fan, buy this game, right now!The game is a fun adventure platformer where you collect things, help characters, and earn Keys to open the final level. The adventure is short but it is really fun, and there is some secret collectables that we all love. Music is really great, and each level feels unique. Oh, and there is some cool final boss, as expected ;)Big congrats to Siactro for making this awesome game, I cant wait to see what he does next!"
,Recommended,568040,30678344,Posted: 22 March,all,PKtheHedgehog,"This game really surprised me with the sheer amount of charm and love that went behind it. If you're in the mood for a nostalgia trip, I really recommend this game. The only two issues I really have with it are some minor presentation issues (such as parts of the game that seem to be missing sound effects, or UI glitches) and the unfortunate lack of content. Despite both of these issues, the game holds up really well, and I feel like the price is incredibly fair given the amount of content. While I probably won't be revisiting this game anytime soon, I definitely enjoyed it, and would recommend it if you love Nintendo 64 games.Also holy crap I played this game for exactly 64 minutes (as of this review at least)."
76561198087058818,Recommended,568040,31923479,Posted: 23 May,all,Keck,good gameI made a playthroughhere it ishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHw1V1Z8LVU
,Recommended,568040,30682019,Posted: 23 March,all,Wormgalore,"Levels are short and sweet. The game looks adorable. Controls really well. Story has been done before, but not much in games so it's still refreshing."
,Recommended,568040,32166087,Posted: 3 June,all,geminidoesgames,"A short but entertaining game which effortlessly took me back to the late '90s, when Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64 reigned supreme!  Well worth the price!For more reviews and Let's Plays, please check out my YouTube channel, Gemini Does Games!https://youtu.be/howuaSyyppY"
,Not Recommended,568040,30688489,Posted: 23 March,all,Indurok,"Video version of this review:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=889564512Macbat 64 is a throwback to the classic platform games made by Rareware back in the 1990s. I was really looking forward to this game. I was a big fan of Donkey Kong 64 back in my early teen years. And I’m also a pretty big fan of the prequel to this game called “Kiwi 64”. So I actually had high expectations for this game. I really love the classic N64 look.In Kiwi 64, you play as… well, Kiwi, and you have to defeat the evil Melon King. There’s really not much of a boss fight. You just gather a bunch of genie lamps together and they blast the king off the top of the mountain. Macbat 64 begins with a narration of this particular event.Then you begin the game at a bar, with multiple different characters you will see throughout the game, including Kiwi himself. You have to talk to this parrot, but he won’t talk to you unless you buy a drink. But what if I don’t drink? ‘Cause I don’t. Guys, we have a game that encourages the consumption of alcohol! Help!Don’t mind if I just wander into the back room, Mister Bartender, you know, where I’m probably not supposed to be. That’s where you find the last coin to buy your drink. Then the parrot tells you that the Watery Factory stopped making water. I don’t really see how all the water in the world is made by a little place like that, but I’ll just go with it. You have to collect 6 keys to open the gate to the factory. So let’s begin our next level.So the point of each level is to collect stuff for other characters, and they’ll give you something that will help you get the key you need for the factory. The levels aren’t very long, but this is just an indie game made to sort of honor the classic 3D platformers, so it’s fine.On multiple occasions, this game likes to acknowledge the fact that it’s a video game. There’s even this one character that says he’s in the wrong game. He’s actually from another game this developer made called Silver Trigger 64.Grant Kirkhope also makes a small cameo appearance in this game.Man, I hate the camera. When it’s in free camera mode, it doesn’t move in all the same directions as you do. In games like DK 64 and Kiwi 64, the camera is always a distance away from the character, and moves backwards when the character moves towards it. But in this game, the camera is sometimes too close to the character, and stays put when you walk towards it. It’s pretty frustrating to deal with at times.I’ve started to notice that this game is way too easy. The puzzles in this game require little to no thinking. There’s no combat. You don’t even have an attack. Hell, there are rarely any enemies in this game. Even when there are, it’s so easy to avoid them. It’s next to impossible to die or fail in this game. You know you messed up your game if I, specifically, haven’t even died once.I had high expectations for this game, but it just didn’t live up to them. It’s pretty much the same stuff in every level: collect this, give it to them, take this from him and give it to them. There’s almost no danger and barely any obstacles. Like this side-scrolling level where you have to collect fruit for a tree. That’s all it is. You just bounce on these ball thingies, and grab fruit. It’s so easy. I have never played a game with as little challenge to it as this one. You’d think this game was made for 5-year-olds.There’s actually a racing segment in this game. Let’s see if that’s any better. It kinda reminds me of yet another Rareware game, Diddy Kong Racing, but it begins kinda like Mario Kart.Wow, this… is… extremely boring. The karts are really frigging slow, the track is the shortest I’ve seen EVER, and the power-ups are at a quantity of two. TWO! You will either get a boost or a… squid? What?! I don’t know what the squid’s all about, but I’ll be honest, I didn’t bother caring.The final boss of this game is the Melon King, I mean, Emperor. This time, you actually fight him. You have to dodge his hands and make them hit the ground. I don’t know how that causes damage to the main body, but whatever, I guess. Then you shoot him with your peashooter, and that’s the end of phase one, which lasted, like, 30 seconds.In the next phase, you make him accidentally press a bunch of buttons that fire a cannon at him. Okay, why did he even put that stuff there, especially if the cannon is aiming at him? Maybe it’s brain damage from his defeat in the previous game. Then things explode and you have to deliver one final blow that sends him flying off into space.After you beat the game, you can play some bonus levels. These are actually slightly more challenging. I actually really like the second bonus level. Mister Parrot wants you to fetch his money for the cinema. Um, dude, are you even aware of all the spooky-scary sh** going on in this house? There are dudes out to murder me, and you’re worried about money for the movies?And the last bonus level you can only beat if you get all the secrets in the game. Luckily, the characters in this level tell you exactly where they are. And after you get them, you return to receive… wings that let you jump unlimited times. Really? Is that it? This was not worth that.It’s not a terrible game, but I can’t say I can really recommend it. It’s childishly easy, the racing is boring, and the camera sucks. If I were to make suggestions, I’d say either redo or remove the racing part, give us enemies that maybe you have to jump on top of to defeat them, and maybe zoom out the camera a bit and have it move with the character in all directions, rather than stand still. And also, maybe, when you die, you could add an animation and transition to a black screen. I’m not too fond of the whole instantly-appearing-at-the-beginning thing. Good thing I didn’t die for almost the entire game.That’s all I really have to say about this game. Like I said, it’s not really a BAD game. I was just a little disappointed with the outcome."
,Recommended,568040,30633738,Posted: 20 March,all,Mattchu,"I really wish that I could give this a ""Maybe"" because right now, it's probably an exact 5/10 for me.Here's the thing. Macbat 64 emulates the Rare visual and audio style nearly exactly (even if it is lacking the charming ""voiceovers""), but, beyond that, it's somewhat lacking. I managed to complete the game's story content within 45 minutes and had cleared the three bonus levels in around 15 more.Throughout the game, you're mostly going to be collecting coins and balloons and giving them to various NPCs. I think a mere two levels change what you're collecting, but it's still almost a pure collectathon.The game's ""worlds"" are painfully small and the game doesn't feature a hub world. Instead, you select levels out of a book, with each one represented by a set of two pages.All of the game's puzzles are painfully easy, as is the random kart racing level, and I never felt challenged at any point. Even if the game had tried to trip you up at some point, I'm inclined to think that it wouldn't have succeeded because the levels are so small that it's almost always extremely apparent what you're supposed to be doing. The lack of real enemies that you have to fight is also fairly obvious and contributes to the feeling that the game is simply too easy.The story felt like a disjointed afterthought and I never really felt that there was any real peril of any kind or that some evil being had actually enacted a plan at all. If the plot had been replaced by simply ""the water factory has stopped working. Go fix it,"" it would have been largely the same experience.For what it's worth, Macbat 64 is a nice throwback, but ultimately, whereas the visuals and audio emulate Rare's N64 titles nearly perfectly, the gameplay doesn't come close. That being said, for the price of $3.99, I'm still more inclined to recommend it than not, granted you are a fan of Rare's N64 games."
,Not Recommended,568040,30937541,Posted: 4 April,all,Awesomov,"I'll admit, with the price being what it is (only five bucks), I wouldn't blame anyone for buying Macbat 64 despite my not recommending it, as it's not inherently offensive for the price and I can still see people getting a pleasant experience out of this. However, though I wasn't expecting Yooka-Laylee (highly unrealistic expectation there), I was still hoping for more than just a trip through memory lane.Because, while the aesthetics for the most part are well-designed and in line with a plethora of 3D collect-a-thons from back in the Nintendo 64's heyday, I was also hoping for some kind of game. I say this as someone who enjoys some walking simulators (including Gone Home), and this isn't a walking simulator to be fair, but it can feel like one at times with how simple it is. Had this had more substance, I would've given a recommendation, but at the same time, five bucks is certainly a fair price for what it is. Personally, though, I require more than simple nostalgia to find an experience worth plugging along. At least this wasn't terrible (well, except the kart racing, that was legitimately bad), it just felt empty even considering the noted lack of challenge. I do thank the developers for the pseudo-memories anyway.I will admit, however, if this is a sign of possible things to come, with much a grander scope and focus, then yes, I may be willing to support such a project in the future, so it's not like I've been burned by this experience at all, because Macbat 64 is otherwise quite refined and, besides the kart racing, plays well with few issues. That may be a ways away, but it could be worth it."
,Not Recommended,568040,30582345,Posted: 17 March,all,Chaoticinsignia,"Neat concept, but there is very little that you actually do in each level. Most levels basically devolve into running around and tagging triggers to give random items to random people for random reasons before a key magically appears. There are very few ways to lose or die in the game, and most are so easily avoided that it ends up feeling more like reading a poorly-written novel than interacting with a game.As a university project, this game feels surprisingly good for what is expected. However, as a full-fledged release for $5, it leaves much to be desired. If you're looking to satisfy nostalgia, or just waste 5 dollars, there's probably better places to look than here."
,Not Recommended,568040,32744373,Posted: 24 June,all,sammyomane,My Thoughts: It's to Easy!There is no challenge in this Game NONE! Sure there are bonus Levels which presents a challenge But that's not enough.... What made Banjo Kazooie Fun to begin with was the characters levels and the challenge it had in the Game! The characters in Macbat 64 are Pretty cool even if they are One note! It is a nice homage to the N64 Days! But most of all i wanted it to be it's own classic that even tops the classics like Banjo Kazooie for Example.... I mean You could've even got Macbat some new abilities like have some areas where it could be only by Macbat can Access too! I think it's a good game but overall it's just too Easy!4/10!I would reccomend the game if you really wanna play it... And if you like the classics Try this a go! But if your a fan of Challenge like Banjo Kazooie i really Wouldn't recommend it!:(
76561198068057792,Recommended,568040,30580686,Posted: 17 March,all,Crunkmaster Beef Stu,"It's a love letter to the classic N64 games I grew up with! Not to mention the tons of secrets. If you enjoy retro platformers, this game is for you!"
76561198080823349,Recommended,568040,30575367,Posted: 17 March,all,vmdeom,"10/10 pretty decent plot with a lot of humour, fluid gameplay and nostalgic atmosphere."
,Recommended,568040,30823296,Posted: 29 March,all,unchartedisoverrated,"Always had a soft spot for N64/PS1 platformers, and this game was just fun. Wish it would've been longer (playtime about 1 hr) but I still enjoyed every second."
,Recommended,568040,31127478,Posted: 13 April,all,TimrawGaming,"Pros:Bright N64 era inspired graphics and music.Easy to solve puzzles - difficulty never spikes a la Banjo Tooie.Varied level themes based on NostelgiaVaried gameplay elementsEasy to follow mechanicsIf you like retro N64 games you will love this game.CONS:Same objectives every level (While the themes are varied the main goals are the same)No quirky voices and text is a little uninspiredNot immediatly obvious that it's 1 trophy per level as I thought it was 1/4 in the first level.Bonus book levels should have been included in the actual game. What's the point?Bonus book levels are obviously rejected levels from the main game which is only an hour long as it is.Playtime is only an hour- would have loved some more levels added to the final game.Boundry breaking as a reward for finishing the game works if you plant easter eggs in every level, not just the first.Overall I enjoyed this experience and would recomend it to anyone who had a N64 growing up or has played Rare games from that era. Other people will probably find the game lacking if they didn't grow up with the N64 rare titles. This is a passion project made by the devs who wanted another game in the genre before Yooka Laylee. I can alwas support and appreciate passion and the experience was great. Not to bad, not to good, just an awesome way to kill an hour.https://www.twitch.tv/videos/135446535"
,Recommended,568040,31288018,Posted: 21 April,all,PokemonRulz85,This is so much fun. :)It really looks like it came from the N64 itself.
,Recommended,568040,31738968,Posted: 13 May,all,SuperSkyPhoenix03,"This is an amazng game. Almost everything is spot on, and reaches it's goal on looking and feelng like an n64 game. The only problems I can find in the game is :The game is way to short(I already 100% completed it and it only took me 1.6 hours).No combat.And only 1 boss.I'd rate the game 8/10, due to those three reasons."
76561198097707557,Recommended,568040,32100969,Posted: 31 May,all,LordZer0,"Macbat 64 was a pleasant jaunt, and a loving send-off to the collectathon genre of the late 1990's. I feel as if genuine heart and soul was poured into this game, even if it wasn't flawless.I'll get my grievances with the game out of the way first. The lack of an options menu was unfortunate (volume controls, keyboard editor, etc.), and the level designs felt a bit vacant. (Disclaimer: I know nothing about making a game with Unity).Despite my issues with it, I really liked this game! There was a very genuine charm to this game; the character designs were excellently done, the music was good, the Grant Kirkhope​ cameo was fun, and the silly plot was entertaining to see play out. Now, what really hooked me was the bonus content!​​​Spoilers for the bonus content:​I adore the eerie and unnerving bonus levels (specifically the one with spasm-head McGee). The juxtaposition between the silly main story and the mysterious bonus content was intriguing, and it made me want to find out more about what lurked beyond our view in these strange levels. The saws, the droning music, and the ability to break beyond the bounds of the game using infinite flight were all things that sparked my imagination. The mysterious stuff was really entertaining, and I would love to see more stuff like it in the future.-Take care"
,Recommended,568040,32211606,Posted: 5 June,all,Gamesharq,Now calling all mid 90's kids! PLAY THIS GAME! It's so much fun. And its a good strong punch to the nostalgia bone. More than worth the 5 bucks :D
,Recommended,568040,32903070,Posted: 27 June,all,Ｆｒａｎｋ☕,"Nice game, but very short c:Really hope there is a sequel tbh"
,Recommended,568040,33107220,Posted: 1 July,all,c5,"Macbat 64 is a short (less than an hour to see everything), easy game, but it exudes charm and polish.First off, the N64 stylings are pitch-perfect. It's not just enough to make some low-poly models and call it oldschool, there are certain little things, like using 2D sprites for certain objects and compressing the textures in just the right way, that have to be done to really get the look down, and this game nails every one of them. The music is also a perfect recreation of the Rareware style and sounds great, fitting well with each level.The gameplay is simple, but well designed. Each level has a number of occupants in need of your help, and helping one opens up the means needed to help others. There's a really tightly designed back and forth to this that gives each level a good flow and makes the small levels feel nicely packed with things to do (my favorite was the neon/synth 80's level). Macbat doesn't really have any attacks and there's really no way to die, so this is largely a puzzle-platformer. The bat himself controls well and it's rewarding to go around helping the different people with their problems. I didn't come across any bugs and everything was well-polishedI particularly liked how sincere it felt in its presentation. A lot of retro-styled games delve a bit too far into parody with thinly-veiled spoofs of other things as their core, and don't really try to forge their own identity apart from their inspiration. While Macbat 64 is definitely inspired by the classics and certainly has specific nods to elements from different games, it wants to present its own unique world and characters, and succeeds in it's earnestness.Overall, Macbat 64 is a pleasant way to kill 50 minutes. It seems like this developer has a good understanding of both style and design, and I'd definitely love to play a larger-scale production from them."
76561197999839135,Recommended,568040,34221271,Posted: 13 August,all,PEET,Incredibly simple but well executed take on the classic N64 platformers. So much retro goodness in a great little package. The Tubular 80s level is amazing! GG!
