user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,568220,32381870,Posted: 12 June,all,Ferozill,"My favorite things about this game:-Each and every abnormality has a unique backstory.-Unique deaths of workers by abnormalities, (Singing Machine's kill is most terrifying to me)-Large updates make the game better by adding more abnormalites and overall improvement of the game.-Learning how to take care of each abnormality the HARD WAYThings I don't like about the game:- Repetitive gameplay, but I don't mind it much, I play the game for the abnormalities!"
76561198030069024,Not Recommended,568220,28962868,Posted: 2 January,all,DeadlyPrivate,"Think a mix of Lab of the Dead ( A game where you experiment on zombies to get reactions out of them) Fallout Shelter (The Base layout that is) and the character visual design of Don't Starve.The game has a LOT of fun ideas in it. You are the manager at the Lobotomy Corp, which extracts energy from 'abnormalities' by putting them in a certain kind of mood. The trouble is, the abnormalities range from helpful to your staff if treated right, to...game ending horrors.The most enjoyable part of the game is discovering what each of the abnormalities do. From the Shoes to the Teddy Bear to even the cross skull (god I love that one), it is a sickening thrill to send in an agent to see if they get killed...if they are lucky. SCP Foundation and Cabin in the Woods inspired the developers, but they have managed to create characters that feel fresh and interesting. Beauty and The Beast is one that makes me feel rather sad and disgusted.However, an issue I have with the game is how unsure of itself it is. In that the idea that your motivation is...collecting energy instead of trying to figure out what these things are. Lab of the Dead had a convincing motivation (you are trying to figure out how the zombies work to develop a vaccine/cure), and SCP Foundation it is more about protecting both the abnormalities as well as the world in general. Now, a cynical game about collecting energy from abnormalities is fine, It's that it's too vague about the application of said energy or even what is outside of the base. If the game was kind of like X-Com where you send agents out to collect Abnormaltiies, that would be an incredible way to justify the use of energy as well as give the player an incentive to learn more about the world.It also feels unfinished in a way that doesn't make a $20.00 price point seem justifiable. The game doesn't loop music in a natural way, the sprites tend to run and bump into each other, there are a lot of grammer mistakes as well as just...it feels more like a flash game on Newsgrounds.Would I reccomend this game: NOT YET.Give this game more time to actually justify the 20.00 price. If you feel that you want to keep the game a mystery, then you should wait till it is released. Otherwise, it is a game that needs a clear motivation for the player and a way to use Energy."
,Not Recommended,568220,33018254,Posted: 29 June,all,Professor Tenebrae,"I have to give this a downvote for now.The game is FAR too hard. Like honestly, way too much. Dependant on way too much RNG too.Examples:- You have the Red Shoes anomaly yet you only have 2 agents, both are female. Sucks to be you.- You have the Woman against the Wall anomaly and both agents are optimists. Same deal.- I have 3 employees, one panics, I use the other 2 to supress them, however their panic response is murder. They kill one employee, and now I have 1 less employee to supress the murderous employee. So I lose.- Reaching a new department just to save your progress is tough work. I had a hard time getting to level 3 no less, got to level 4, new anomaly comes about and everyone dies. Back to level 1. Why?- I'm trying to calm down an anomaly so I send someone in to calm it down, they screw up a few times and get some psychological or physical damage. Now they're hurt and they have to wait before going in again, so I send someone else in, but then they're hurt and the other hasn't recovered yet. Nor can they work on a different anomaly for fear of sending them insane or killing them. Eventually I have 4 employees resting up to tackle their job again while the anomalies become stressed and escape. I can't contain them with weakened employees, so I lose. And that's on 2/3 recovery researched.I really really like the game, and the premise is excellent, but the difficult needs heavy work. It's a shame, and as soon as it's fixed I'll swap my recommendation but till then...No."
,Recommended,568220,28412577,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Zethin,"Disclaimer:The developers' primary language isn't English, this game was originally demo'd in Korean so there are going to be some slight grammatical errors here and there. They aren't severe enough to really detract from the game though.Welcome to Lobotomy Corporation, AdministratorLobotomy Corp is best described as a management / simulation game with perma-death. You're assigned as the administrator of a facility hostingSCPsAbnormalities. Lobotomy Corp has developed technology to harvest ""energy"" from these Abnormalities as a saving grace for humanity. Sounds easy right? Well, not really.Every Abnormality is unique and has its own fully fleshed out character. But, just like SCPs, Abnormalities can wreak havoc given the chance. As the administrator, not only is it your job to keep these Abnormalities happy, but it's also your job to keep your employees safe. Easier said than done, every employee comes with an array of stats that will detail how effectively and efficiently they can perform their job; whether their job be feeding an Abnormality or caving the head in of one of their fellow employees.The game itself doesn't give you much to go on in determining exactly how to handle Abnormalities which does make the game a tad more difficult (i.e. what exactly having an employee perform a ""consesus"" with an Abnormality actually does). There's also several mechanics in the game that are left unexplained and up to the player to figure out. It's a bit intuitive and there's a bit of a learning curve.Progression for story mode is divided into ""days"" with each day becoming progressively harder as new challenges continue to be added for the administrator to handle. At the start of each day you're allotted a number of employees who you can assign to each section of the facility to perform tasks for the abnormalities in that area. This adds an element of strategy to the game as the player is forced to divvy up exactly who he wants where to match the preferences of the Abnormalities, etc.To actually complete a day, players are required to (at least in the early days) harvest a specific amount of energy from the Abnormalities in the facility. This is done by keeping all of the abnormalities in a good mood. Likewise, abnormalities in a terrible mood will also detract energy from the gauge, along with going berserk on the employees.The game is fairly straightforward with a slight undertone of complexity which makes for a very interesting game overall. To add, the story also presents itself through the administrator's accompanying AI who drafts notes and details logs about ongoing events throughout the facility.Tl;drI'd definitely recommend buying this game if you're interested in management / simulation games. I haven't had any performance issues though that's likely because the game is a smaller management game produced in Unity.I'd also highly encourage fans of SCP to check the game out."
,Not Recommended,568220,34542921,Posted: 27 August,all,Leapordnight,"I got this game a few months ago and I loved it. The bad translation was a turn-off, yes, but I could get past it because the dialogue was minimal and the game gave me enough other information to get by. I loved it. I didn't log back in for a while because I was busy with other things, and when I get back suddenly there are strangely drawn anime girls all over the place and the bad translation is now a huge barrier because there is no real tutorial and the basic onformation about each separate anomaly is hidden. Plus there are now a maze of menus and pop-ups to navigate before you can get to the actual gameplay. Developers, it you're reading this, Angela was a nice touch. All these other people are just bogging down the storyline with pointless drivel.This game has always been a touch frustrating to play because each entity is unique and it takes some trial and error to figure out what to do and it's very easy to get people killed, plus the weapons you can give to employees are difficult to obtain and largely useless. The only way to get to these weapons now is through the anomalies, which is just a touch counter intuitive when the anomaly is what is killing your employees.Overall, this game has massive potential, but the new direction does not bode well for it. The problems it had before could have been fixed with a decent translation and a tutorial, but now the whole system is so unwieldy that I can't see any light at the end of the tunnel.I'd wait for the game to update a few more times before making the decision to buy it or not. Maybe they'll turn it around, maybe they won't."
,Recommended,568220,32185224,Posted: 4 June,all,ROTDPJ,"This game is not what I expected. I thought this would be a capture and contain type of game where you made sure the evil creatures didnt escape. Its kind of like that but with more story to it. Here are some of the pros and cons of the game though:PRO'S:Interesting storyUnique gameplayGreat Skill systemUnique CreaturesCON'S:No actual tutorialGets hard after Day 2Has no real explination on what to do, and how to do it.Other than that this is a great game, I love the concept and story behind it. This game should be supported even after its final production. In end, this game will be woth the money and is definitly worth the time."
,Recommended,568220,31188169,Posted: 16 April,all,Molten Chocolate,"its really just Fallout Shelter mixed with SCP Containment Breach. If you like those, you'll like this."
76561198138610305,Recommended,568220,29453595,Posted: 23 January,all,xxxxthe_razgriz_firstxxxx,"Ok, here we go!I got this game at the urging of one of my friends, gave it a look and decided to try it. I have to say it is truly a love, hate, wanna rip my face off out of frustration game that I believe is competely worth it. Its basically a TIME/RESOURCE MANAGEMENT game. (I say resource because the ""time"" doesn't really matter) You are monitoring monsters that are used to generate power and fill a quota for the day. (with no time limit (yet)) While allocating employees to interact with the monsters to affect their power outputs or at least keep them from slaughtering everyone in the facility.Now, before I get into pros and cons I have to say that this game is sorta like a wash and repeat. You start your day, do same tasks and reach a goal.+Has intresting monsters with surprising backgrounds that you may remember!+Shows signs of something happening behind the scenes. (more content/updates to come)+The moments of quaranteen outbreaks are atleast entertaining as you watch your workers be slaughtered.+Monster Information passes over to the next game/checkpoint restart.+Its very satisfying to learn a monster's preferences completely.+Your character has to perform a couple tasks as well. (not just siting and watching the monitor)+Still being worked on!-You will lose employees a lot! (poor Jim)-Frustration builds pretty quick trying to learn about specific monsters. (at least for me)-Can't locate a worker immediately if he panics. (have to look for them)-AI's comments do speed by pretty fast.-Still being worked on!I found the game very engaging and entertaining and don't agree to some of the negatives other gamers have brought up cause I have no problem spliting my attetion for multiple tasks and manage finite resources at the same time. But I do indeed agree that the game is still a little rough around the edges and has room to improve. Which since updates are still coming hopefully means it will! Price is a little steeper than what I think it should be right now but besides that it gets an 8/10 from me!Game On!"
,Not Recommended,568220,34302233,Posted: 17 August,all,ItsMeAmory,"Meh. This game has a lot of potential, but the new patch is a step in the wrong direction. Why does is feel like an anime graphic novel game now? Why do these anime girls drone on and on and on about nonsense when all I want is to know what to do and to manage abnomalities? I get that English is likely not the developers first language, but the translation is SO bad. Wouldn't be as much of an issue if there wasn't page after page after page of mindless dialogue, but there sure is. There are too many fail states in the game, it's way too easy to get everyone killed through no fault of your own.I'm in love with the concept.For now, this game gets a pass."
76561198031264506,Recommended,568220,32324613,Posted: 10 June,all,Rubus Cockburnianus,Great game if you are interested in the SCP universe.
76561198018598933,Recommended,568220,29577402,Posted: 29 January,all,mangamastermind,"Hey kids, do you like the SCP Foundation?Do you think you can be a better moral compass while keeping the world safe, while also making money off the eldritch horrors that exist within the corners of the world?Do you like magical girls?If so, then this is the game for you!…..In a few months! Yes even though I really like this game, as time of writing, you’re only permitted up to level 19 or so at the moment. Which while you have access to a very colorful arrangement of abnormalities to deal with, the game feels like it still needs development time.But first, the good and the bad.The good:-The concept- Very fresh and interesting. To the best of my Knowledge this is really the first game like this where you try and keep horrors managed while also keeping the sanity of your staff paramount. Art style looks a bit odd with things looking both cartoonish for the people, yet also having the monsters look equally cartoonish and disturbing. It’s a good match and somehow works.-Failure ever looms- The difficulty has a pretty good curve at the beginning with more simple monsters to deal with while teaching you the basics. You even get to retain the knowledge you accumulated about anomalies between saves. But even WITH this knowledge, a slight error or oversight can still mean DISASTER. Send the wrong type of person to deal with some shoes, suddenly you have a mad killer on the loose. Don’t tend to that crying baby? Watch most of your staff lose their minds. And god help you if you don’t pay attention to that magical girl…. The point is though even with this difficulty, the game still operates strong and with a decent checkpoint system (you go back to the start of the facility “week” for lack of a better term (Every 5 days), it doesn’t set you back too much for your failures, spectacular they may be.-Rouge Like attributes- While the facility might change the monsters sure do. While some areas like the first area may be fixed, other areas you unlock have completely different monster load outs based on a pool. You might get a doomsday button one time or Girl staring at a wall another time. With the promice of even more monsters adding to the pool, the replay value continues to spike.-The story- Sparse though it is, further on you learn some interesting tid bits about Lobotomy Corp that further questions your mysterious employers. Who are they, what is their real purpose, and what does it have to do with you? Well that’s where the bad comes in….The Bad:-Still in development- Ok this is the poison pill you have to swallow for early access but it’s worth mentioning.  The game isn’t finished and at level 19 you’re pretty much capped with the promise of things to come.  You don’t have access to a ton of monsters at the moment and again, the story just abruptly stops as it is just about to get very interesting. Its painful but you might want to wait for a while before getting this, even though the game really is quite good.- Upgrade/money system- This was recently implemented in the January update, but its really something that needs tweaking. At least in the story mode there isn’t nearly enough points to go around between staff and upgrades and anything interesting. Perhaps that will be patched or wont be an issue later game, but as it stands right now, it’s extremely limiting. Also, 10 points for a custom agent at level 1?! Come on.Final conclusion: Wait on it. At least for a month or two or catch it on a sale. It’s not quite up to 20 dollars at the moment. It only has about 4-6 hours’ worth of content if you’re quick about it.BUT,IF you do want to invest in it now, I wouldn’t hold it against you. It’s a decent game, one that’s worth looking into and investing into at the start. I’m interested to see where this game goes, and so should steam."
,Not Recommended,568220,28499319,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Aczom,"Positives:- Interesting and varied monster designs- The music. Heck yeah.- The art (most of the time, though it will probably be polished up before leaving early access)- The idea of experimenting with how these creatures will react to different stimulus and slowly learning more about them is the core idea of the game, and definitely the perfect style of gameplay for a game of this nature- It's the SCP Foundation simulator everyone always wanted!Negatives:- The randomisation sometimes gives you completely unwinnable scenarios- The sporadic movements of the agents are annoying and make perfect strategy and management impossible- The UI is horrible- The monster descriptions seem to be going for an SCP feel, but are unstructured, often unclear, and sometimes entirely unhelpful. Really hurts the ""figuring out the rules behind these monsters"" gameplay when the rules are entirely unclear by the end- Has gameplay elements that work against each other. Huge parts of the game will need to be completely changed for any of this to workLobotomy Corp. shows a lot ofpotentialto be something great, but as it is right now the gameplay is a huge mess. It's unfair, poorly written, confusing, you never have all the information you need and it never feels like you're really in control of anything. When it's not entirely frustrating, it becomes incredibly boring. It wants to be like FTL: Faster Than Light but with SCP containment instead of space travel, but where FTL puts you in constant control and always gives you all of the information you need, Lobotomy Corp. does not. With some fixes this game could be the SCP Foundation simulator we've always wanted, but it's just not there yet.All in all, I wouldn't recommend the game in its current state, but I remain optimistic that it may one day become something worth spending your money on. Don't buy, but do keep your eye on it in case anything changes. Where this game lacks in execution is a LOT of potential to eventually be something great."
76561198002660366,Not Recommended,568220,34188164,Posted: 12 August,all,Manucharyan,"The translation kills this game. Abstract concepts are difficult enough, but when they're being explained to you be overly verbose 'characters' who keep on blurting out asides in misguided attempts at personality development, you're left with no clue. New 'Abnormalities' can only be approached with a trial and error approach which means wiping out constantly. This'd be fine is you could just hire more agents but despite the game's insistence that everyone is expandable, once they're dead, it's over and you have to restart. Fair enough if not for the aforementioned trial and error. The final devious kick in the nads is that the ability to speed up time is a research unlockable meaning if you don't choose it and you need to restart a day, you're in for the long haul.Characterisation is sadly lacking. The story AIs are overly eager for you to get their quirks, and your in-game agents are uniformly dull. They will spout random gibberish occasionally which could have been fun. Unfortunately, rather than separating lines into personality traits like, grumpy, optimistic, sadistic etc, they will all say the same generic things, one moment wanting to throw you a party, the next complaining about pay. The visuals do not aid this blandness either. I will admit upfront that I could have gleaned this from the screenshots, but the cutesy/aborted anime aesthetic really didn't appeal. None of the screenshots at this moment show the 'cut scenes' though, so maybe I'm being too hard on myself. Regardless, everything from agents to abnormalities to the UI is ugly and has a slapped together feel. Different elements look like they were done by different artists with a very different brief.Not fun to look at, not fun to play, the sound manages to be loud and obnoxious as well with annoyingly obscured audio controls. Definitely not worth the asking price in its current form. Updates may improve it and the premise is cool but unfortunately I feel I won't be returning to this game."
,Not Recommended,568220,29123036,Posted: 8 January,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Eh, nah.Too expensive and too weird - and not in a flattering kind of way.While this game is very fresh and has certainly never been done before, I questioned nearly every design decision in it. I did refund simply because it is in no-way-shape-or-form worth the high asking price right now.Ok, so how do I start explaining this. First off, it is *not* a roguelike. Not even close. It is also *not* a management simulator.  You don't place rooms or mess with the structure at all. You don't manage anything in the traditional sense. The core gameplay involves starting with an unknown monster ('abnormality') and uncovering information about it, and most importantly, what icon to click ('management style') to get it to give you energy. Rinse and repeat for every monster. The information you find out never goes away between games. I suppose that part is what they tout as permadeath, but really it just means there are no continues.The Good:+By all means, it is a fresh new idea.The Bad:-English translation is laughable (no seriously, I lol'd several times); in fact the poor translation makes things quite confusing too.-I think the game is too confusing for its own good. Above I said this isn't a mangement sim - you don't really even need graphics.They show screenshots with all these different rooms, but they are functionless. You don't use them.You can't click most of them, and you certainly don't place anything. The same end-means mechanic could have been accomplished by much simpler means. I could go on and on.-In the end, I figured out 'how to play', but you will spend a good bit of time pouring over the help file. Between the poor translation and non-intuitive gameplay, things are just confusing. I mean, you are trying to 'get energy' from monsters by doing weird stuff. The monsters could be a naked lady, a pair of shoes, or even an old lady. Too weird.-The AI text in-between levels seems meaningless, and could just be left out.The Ugly:-Why-oh-why do they space out the functional rooms (ie. monster rooms) so far apart?? It's insane. Did nobody playtest this? So, you have to have the screen waayyyy zoomed out to see two rooms, and therefore you have to squint to read any text, and can barely make out what is going on in the room. This gives me the impression that it doesn't matter what is really going on in the rooms. FYI I play from the couch on a large tv.-Twenty dollars is an insane asking price.Totally hold off on this one.Too weird and rough around the edges for the high asking price."
,Recommended,568220,28878461,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Koinu,"This game is a whole bag of emotions during each play through. At first, I had no clue what was going on. Every time something huge happened I just laughed because of all the chaos. That turned into a few jump scares from one anomaly that wanted to be hard to handle. Followed soon by a sense that nothing I did really mattered, and that I had no clue about the game's mechanics. Soon I was back to having a good time laughing about some craziness when I felt like I had more of a handle on the game and more information about the monsters to help my play through. That is until I ran across an old monster that broke the fourth wall a little along with another that was a little of a meme."
,Not Recommended,568220,31610057,Posted: 7 May,all,mjrchickenhawk,"As it stands now, I have to give it a down vote, I want to like it more, but there are some real deal-breakers.1. Don't let anyone tell you the translation gap is ""slight"". That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The translation is horrible to the point of unreadable in places, plus the UI is full of archaic or misused english words. Unacceptable.2. The gameplay is shallow as tubwater.3. The one thing it does have going for it is the interesting stories of the abnormalities. But they are all casually dismissed at the end of their chain, and you've hardly understood its story because of the HORRIBLE TRANSLATION. Seriously, Google Translate is much better than this garbage.Devs, shell out a couple of dollar and hire someone that speaks english as a first language. Seriously."
,Not Recommended,568220,32478324,Posted: 16 June,all,cursesha,AS it currently stands right now as a EA gameI can't recommend itDon't get me wrong I love the style and the idea but I feel They need to do add stuff to the game for it to be worth playing repeatedly.good points:- Deaths are awesome- the monster designs are cool- the monsters are not hard to surpress and stop- has that cabin in the woods underground lab feel it described (sorta)bad points:- lack of tutorial apart from how to deploy workers you're left on your own theres no help with anything else e.g. who is best to send in for a monsters needs- theres question marks where the monsters image should be on its bio and the description for each lacks alot- some monsters seem impossible to please ( including the big bug horned thing )- no options selection on the start menu only at pause menu- game could benifit from a difficulty settingso right now as it stands I'd give it a 5 out of 10I'll play some more and see how it goes but thats my stance on it at the moment
76561198120348018,Recommended,568220,29512824,Posted: 26 January,all,Void Wanderer,"I'm a fan of the SCP Foundation and a member of the creepypasta community, in short I guess I can say that I like to have a good scary every now and than.  This game did make me feel like I was running a proper organizion and it provides a wonderful challange through time management of the monsters and remembering what works best with others.  I look forward to seeing more of the game as it continues to develope overtime.10/10"
76561198031729345,Not Recommended,568220,35061960,Posted: 19 September,all,Hairy Kid Joe,"In its current state, its a no.  Translation is beyond bad, its very difficult to make sense of even basic objectives or abilities.  No tutorial is also a problem.  The bones are good, this game could be super fun and interesting, but now it's just maddeningly confusing.  I intend to keep up on this as it progresses and will adjust the review accordingly."
,Recommended,568220,29453253,Posted: 23 January,all,Kalogrym,"Awesome game that's a bit short on content, but big on creativity and coolness. I'm really hoping the developers stay on top of this title and bring it out as they are advertising. I am honored to support this title as i've not played a game like this.in a world full of the same type of games, this one's quite the original.  definately recommend this one."
76561198218906239,Recommended,568220,31637020,Posted: 8 May,all,Not a Nazi,"A great game with a lot of potential. I would strongly advise it to people who like management games or just like poking things with a stick. Yet even then a game can have it's downsides.ProsDivine musicEach abnormality is unique in their own way, they should be treated with care and monitored carefullyunless it's the buttonas most can cause serious damage when left unwatched.The controls are simply and the mechanics are fairly easy to understand. At the same time though you must pay attention to most details as the game can quickly punish you for overlooking things.Awesome musicThe artwork is splendic and cool. So cool, that I took one and made it my profile picture, (please don't sue me).The music is great.ConsGame is very RNG reliant and a lot of things can be made unnecessarily hard and perhaps unwinnable. Employee hire, abnormality assignment and placement are all dictated by RNG.Certain abnormalities, it feels like, are just designed specifically to screw you over, if you get them too early. With the exception of Aleph or Waw (The ones that can destroy your facility with one hand tied behind their back), it feels like any abnormality of most classes can show up at any point in the game, even as the first creature. Some of these, despite being ""low classed"" are almost destined to kill anyone who enters. A great example is the singing machine, an abnormality that can wipe out most low level employees which is difficult since early on that's all you're working with.Game can become repetitive quickly. Once you get a cycle it's just repeating with the only new thing being the new abnormality. You can make a mistake and cause everything to go downhill but it's pretty hard too when you reach a solid cycle of work.Not many abnormalities. the number is quickly increasing and I can easily see this game conjuring up a hundred of them, but for now, you can encounter 75% of the ingame abnormalities in a single lucky run.Overall, I think it's a pretty neat game. You can spend a surprising amount of time in the game and still find it fun but it can become very frustrating without a valid reason other than RNGesus being rude. I won't lie, I don't think it's worth a $20 dollar price tag but the game is still fun in it's own right and I still would gladly advise having a go at it. Just don't press the button."
,Recommended,568220,29488132,Posted: 25 January,all,[Adept] The Raptor Admiral,"I actually liked this game quite a bit, though taking the fact I was a huge fan of SCP Containment Breech and the SCP franchise. This could be a bit of a bias but the game plays different from mose games I have been accustomed to. This in itself is a good thing and a bad thing about the game. As many before me had stated, this game is a lot of trial and error. Having to figure out that your guys could supress other agents was key information that was left out while other bits and pieces were similarly obscure ways of figuring out important game mechanics. I know this is due to being early access but this is a major warning. One UI problem I had was no clear way of examing all of my agents at a glance so I could tell who was doing what and there was no way to cancel their mission before the agent got there.Another problem I had was there wasn't a whole lot of management outside of having your guys work with the abnormalities and observing them. There wasn't a whole lot of containing or progressing with them to the point where you could have your guys perform tests and such on them for bonus or negative effects. There is much that could be expanded upon here such as having specialized cells for the monsters or one could develop protocals to deal with said monster. One other Idea I had off the top of my head is perhaps being able to adjust what the agent is carrying, maybe have a few guys that carry around a tazer that is better at containing insane people running around your facility with a small chance to stun or pepper spray which would have a chance to stun any biologigcal abnomality or person with little physical damage. One thing that annoyed me was the regular people working in the facility will go mad and run around but there is no way to suppress or contain them so they sometimes attack my people or others.One other large topic I would like to touch on is the story itself where the progression kind of halts in the middle of the creature. It feels imcomplete to cut off a monster at the end where you kind of file it away and don't care about it as much. Maybe the system should be more like a Sheet where each time an agent that fills in a important piece of critical information can placing it into a binder of where you can refer to all abnormatilies at a glance instead of having to dig through the UI.One thing is certain that the game has a lot of room to grow which that makes me the most excited since the developers could take this even further and make it into a game that will have people coming back to it for more SCP type fun. With that eing said I hope the developers release the mod support so people could mod in their own monsters to make it feel like the 2000+ SCP we all know and love.Summary:Good:Great and unqiue idea that presents something many have always wanted to try ever since SCP Containment Breach and SCP-087 came out.Playing to the user's fears or aphrensions by lulling them into a false sense of security which made me lose a couple of times because I thought I could just keep trying new things but nope one has to approach carefully and with scrutiny.Fantasic enviroment and atmosphere that adds to what I said above as these manga like characters go about their job only after hell hits the fan you see how people break.Bad:Still a bit of bug problem going on...There isn't a whole lot of a variety to the game since I tend to get the same six or seven monsters all the way to day eight.Not a lot of custom to the game mechanics such as equiping certain people for certain events or containment etc. etc.There isn't a whole lot of managment per say to the game, most of the aspects are randomMinor problems with the elevatorIn the end I would give this game a thumbs up for showing something many of us have wanted to do which is run an SCP facility but I would give the developers some time to work on the game so it becomes more enjoyable and more interesting."
76561198129933254,Recommended,568220,32960994,Posted: 28 June,all,catsar,"Honestly one of the most challenging games I've played, that being said this game is also insanely rewarding when you do finish a day and the abnormalities are super neat and creative. If you're a fan of time management games with a twist, this game is definately for you."
,Not Recommended,568220,29643610,Posted: 1 February,all,randommonicle,"Very interesting concept, i have wanted an SCP like game for years (containment breach is not my cup of tea)This has potential, however it is currently plauged with poor translation, and a feeling of not really knowing what it is you are doing. There seems to be no real way to tie together actions and moods of the things in storage. And it lacks a lot of freedom. As such i have requested a refund, but i do hope they will make this game better, and it may well be something to keep an eye on for the future.TL;DRNot much of a game in its current state. Wait."
,Recommended,568220,28476132,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ludrik,"Very nice concept and ideas, but it still needs some polishing around the edges.Would recommend waiting for the full release if you have high standards regarding game's completedness, but if you are a fan of SCP foundation or any urban myths, go on and try the game while it's in early access. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,568220,34490520,Posted: 25 August,all,Hen Commandments,"A fun game where you manage terrifying creatures in order to extract power from them. That sounds easy but each creature  has its own quirks which can kill your agents and create havoc in your base. As you interact with the creatures more you gain info on their backstory and the best ways to manage them.Gain enough information on them and you can create weapons and armour from the resources produced by interactions that will help your agents. Each type of item (armour/weapon) produced by each entity has little bit more backstory in its description which is a nice touch.Recently the game got a visual and mechanical update that many people disliked, although it appears to be dislike purely due to change as the streamlining of stats combined with the new equipment makes the game far more in depth when managing your agents.The only issue is as the devs are Korean the english translation is a little lacking (although given the weird nature of the creatures it sometimes sounds more poetic), not great for new players but it is EA so I expect the translation to improve over time/closer to release."
76561198054602486,Recommended,568220,29497573,Posted: 26 January,all,TiedWakeupcall,Great game! Gives you challenge and is still fun too. Especially once you get further into the game it'll just get insane.Even a little...game crash button abnormality to give you a heart attack.
,Recommended,568220,30937308,Posted: 4 April,all,Red_Khezu,"I really find this game fun, learning about the abnormalities especially. The creativity behind some of these is truely astounding."
,Recommended,568220,30935379,Posted: 3 April,all,Alhazred,"Always been a huge fan of SCPs. so i love this. the text needs some work, clearly english is not their first language, but its still alright. some things aren't as clear as they should be, but its an awesome and challenging little game. LOVE the concept. really looking forward to seeing this develop. i have high hopes, but ea has burned me so many times. its conc2pts like this that make me take the risk."
76561197984972742,Recommended,568220,34144839,Posted: 10 August,all,elipod,"As you play, difficulty goes down significantly, from ""WTF is this, it murdered my entire crew"", to ""I know safe way to handle it, and I prepared suitable equipment/agents this time"".Element of randomnes comes from random order, abnormalities are given to you, and random rolls on work with abnormalities, which might result with death, insanity or abnormality escape. You're doing risk management to fill your energy quota, and have to deal with bad rolls.You can minimize or eliminate some risks completely by spending time for grinding up agent levels, only to loose them to some unexpected turn of events.Game's biggest appeal is discovery of new abnormalities and learning, how to deal with them. Which doesn't help long term replayability. But with enough content added, it could be interesting to replay it, trying faster, more risky strategies."
,Not Recommended,568220,34144436,Posted: 10 August,all,Swiz747,"Maybe will be good in the future, has a bunch of potential but dear lord it's just not fun right now. The AI scenes are so out of place given the context of the game, I can see what the dev was going for but it just doesn't hit the mark yet. The dialog just doesnt flow right honestly for the first few minutes of the ""tutorial"" I was pretty sure I was playing one of those gaphic novels with the ""fun"" scenes. The current game play is pretty buggy with weird save/load interactions and no option to just restart the day when the new monster with a 75% chance to wipe your day..wipes your day. There should be some way to very cautiously interact with new monsters not just over commit to a random strategy with the hope the monster likes it. Perhaps a researcher can gain some small insight about the abnormality or maybe there should be a little blurb about where your people picked up this sin against nature that could point you in the right direction. I'll probably try this game again in a few major patches but for now I cant in good conscience recommend this."
,Recommended,568220,28618639,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Knight of The Abyss,"this is some class A weird s***, i mean seeing somebodys head twist upside down, then seeing peoples eyes burnt from there sockets, talk about crazy, weird, scary fun."
76561198018910266,Recommended,568220,33176412,Posted: 3 July,all,Spirit of Madness,"You have to take care of monsters and abnormal things and study them in the process. Some of them are harmless, others are not only deadly but can be very annoying to deal with, they like to run away and  cause havoc all over your facility, and some react very bad to suppression (punishing bird). Its fun, and interesting game, and dont think its easy, its supposed to be hard, also I survived more then 5 days on my first try, so its not that hard, but be sure to read alot about your abnormalities, information is a key to success here."
76561198210344956,Recommended,568220,29568176,Posted: 29 January,all,noahsprinkle,This game is awesome best time management game I've played in years. I love the constant struggle of keeping everythin calm.
76561198046968420,Recommended,568220,30694078,Posted: 23 March,all,Enraged Erin,"Despite the challenge of not knowing what to do at first, that is the excitement of this game.The base storyline isn't greatly constructed YET, but it has my attention.I greatly recommend this game for people who prefer management based games and would like the challenge of facing some sort of failure that could reap penalty on your progress. Between watching your employees and watching the Abnormalities, the gameplay itself is very hi-maint. and requires CONSTANT attention on multiple levels."
76561198084701135,Recommended,568220,31585236,Posted: 6 May,all,Alfi,"This game is really good, however the checkpoints are too far apart from one another.Considering you won't know much about most of the creatures it seems a little unfair to watch your employee most capable with handling the creature get instantly killed upon entering its cell. I wouldn't be complaining about this, if the checkpoints weren't so far apart."
,Recommended,568220,28440228,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SubWoofer,"I enjoy this game a lot for what it is right now, but I am very much looking to what this could be. The stories of each object are very interesting but the checkpoints dont seem to work, they return you to day 6 with the amount of people you had on day 1, etc. Besides that I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,568220,29510297,Posted: 26 January,all,remitentacle,"So, far a great game, and a creepy story line"
76561198148798140,Recommended,568220,33249383,Posted: 4 July,all,lyry19,"constant updatescreative gamegood strategyinteresting backstoriespretty long and harda good number of abnormalitiesthe cost of researches are high meanwhile the points you get per day is too low (this is an incredibly negative point if you like skill trees and other customizations and a good point if you're looking for hardcore strategy games)interesting mechanicsthe list could go onit's just a hardcore strategy game where you have to contain monsters and protect humans in a weird way of cuteness and creepynessupdate : last update 0.1 almost killed the game, if you want to play the real game, you'll have to go in the beta properties and choose the legacy version, beware, as they might update the new version but probably not the legacy one, so, it's the last version of the original game, no more updates, until then, we'll have to get a way better version of that 0.1 update to make it worth it"
76561198156423406,Not Recommended,568220,29534507,Posted: 27 January,all,Betterdenu,Not worth the price yet. Has a lot to work on still. I love the concept but needs to be more rogue like. There is no real building aspect.
76561198034467351,Not Recommended,568220,29568938,Posted: 29 January,all,V1taminC,"I cant really recommend this game at this stage.It got promise, but needs time.Things arent very well explained so it a bit to easy to lose your employes and get stuck cause your people just cant do the job they need to do.Some monsters are simply just best to ignore atm as going into their rooms is almost a guarantied death.Its best to wait til the game got a few more patches/updates under its belt."
,Not Recommended,568220,34896643,Posted: 12 September,all,Civi Protection,"I wouldve reccomended this game if it werent for the most recent update. i disagree with the new management system quite alot. its been changed to such a degree i have a hard time understanding it and it feels like a grind to level up employee's now. I loved how when one abnormality broke out, it could cause a chain affect of containment failures but not it doesnt really feel like that. alot of the system was dumbed down to be more simple while it was increased in other areas. panic response is just kill everything on sight now.other than the management system the graphics design part i really find appealing (still kinda mad theres no special containment team that would be similar to SCP's MTF) its really appealing and very interesting and could apply well to the older version.overall, id only reccomend this game if they either allow for you to play the older version or make some changes to the new version. if your a fan of SCP, i think you may enjoy this if you enjoy trying to keep things in. there isnt much of a cleanup other than onsite personel trying to recontainEdit: I have just learned that you can go to the older version via the beta tab, doesnt change my reccomend till some changes are made"
76561198120487686,Recommended,568220,33077095,Posted: 1 July,all,SpaceShip Armada,"Couldn't get passed day three...and in some cases I couldn't get passed day one!Edit!Got past day three so I'll give it a better review. I do really enjoy this game its unique and fun (once you've figured out how to deal with each monster)Pros:1. I love the lore to each characters. They all feel unique and all seem to be inspired by SCP creatures.2. The music is nice and the songs suit each section to it. (A little too loud is my only complaint about it)3. And the graphics to this sort of game, in my opinion, is rather unique.Cons:♥♥♥♥ the fragment of the universe, the cylinder machine and the wasp thing. like that my only cons to this game, creatures go on a killing ramage if you send someone in...or if you don't send someone in."
76561198146836506,Recommended,568220,34265199,Posted: 15 August,all,nekokokami,"Like HP Love Craft, like being a scientest and a mix of Monster Inc, this game for you.It's fun dark, give you the feeling of coprate management simulator. You can easly enjoy a good 10 hours+ of game time with all the interesting abnormalites."
,Recommended,568220,35061536,Posted: 19 September,all,『Megalucky™』,"Nice theme. Gameplay... you gotta get used to it.I play this game for Angela, well done on her character design. What a waifu."
76561198027915549,Recommended,568220,29428950,Posted: 22 January,all,Aozmorf,"Good game, but rather short and crashes a lot at the moment."
,Recommended,568220,29374923,Posted: 20 January,all,Butternuts,"at first glance this looks like an over priced flash game, looks are VERY decieving in this case. its a very involved very fun addicting game. literally lost track of 2 hours playing. DEVS KEEP IT UP AND ADD MORE ABNORMALITIES***SPOILER ALERT.  BELOW****BEWARE THE PLAGUE DOCTOR"
76561198289654338,Not Recommended,568220,34185903,Posted: 12 August,all,sanda888,"After the new patch it became unplayeable.I want to delete it and refund the money soooooo much.They RUINED the game with this new art. Now it is one of those cheap graphic novels. WTF is wrong with those anime girls?! The facility was suposed to be mysterious and dangerous, not a kindergarten with school girls. WTF is this ponytail on Angela? Is she 3 years old?! Also, for some reason now all my managers look like some Chinese girls with narrow eyes and odango hair. What was the meaning in changing icons of work and renaming it to ""insight"" etc.?Awful. Just awful."
76561198326112487,Recommended,568220,29078160,Posted: 6 January,all,A_eldritch,"Great game but..Here are the cons and pros and some ideasPros-If you like the scp thing, then this is for you!also if you really like management game also for you!Back to the scp thing, You have to test on your scp or whatever to know what it likes, its back story,ectCons-Sometimes you have to die and repeat to learn more.You can sometimes get stuck because you have a high level scp and cant get enough power.You cant test on your scp when someone is doing something with it,like talking,feeding,ectIdeas:Send in prisoners to be tested on, like the do in the scp world.Xp. Thats all a really really want.Be able to buy weapons and give them to your workers without having to level them up.Add money so you cant just get a bunch of workers and be able to unlock areas with money and xp.So i would give this game a 8.9/10 memes.Also they makers arn't english."
,Not Recommended,568220,33366124,Posted: 8 July,all,Necronomiconomist,"I really, really want to like this game. I have been praying to Eldritch entities from beyond the stars for years for a game that lets me be the manager of an SCP Foundation-esque facility, and at first this game seemed at first to be exactly what I had been waiting for.Undortunately, all the potential of the concept has been hamstrung by mediocre to horrendous English translations in the worst possible places (the game's 'story', as expressed to you by your AI assistant that doesn't seem to actually do anything, seems to have been donemby a native speaker, but the tooltips for what all of the important buttons actually do seem to have just been run through Google Translate), extremely unintuitive UI design and the weird idea of having to generate power from the reality-breaking abominations you are charged with containing, which is a bit confusing because you generate power from them by making them happy enough to not want to escape, so it seems to me that this could be streamlined significantly by just having containment be the end goal.I would change this to a recommendation in a heartbeat if they fixed the translations and made it slightly easier to understand what all the unlabeled meters and icons mean without having to crack open the manual (which is actually pretty comprehensive and reasonably well-presented, to be fair). I want this game to be what I've been looking for badly enough that I'd honestly do the translations for free if I could understand what the devs even intended for half of them."
,Recommended,568220,34580154,Posted: 29 August,all,SkeleDude177,"This game is great... but quite difficult. But apart from the difficulty, I love it because it is a mix between SCP Containment Breach and a monster management game. It is brilliant but, for £14.99 (in the UK), it's a little overpriced. In the end, I'd advise you to wait until it's on sale."
76561198058403633,Not Recommended,568220,29577135,Posted: 29 January,all,confozedperson,"A very interesting game idea, if the developers continue their work this will be a very good game. In its current state however, the game is.. well dull for lack of a better term.It is a lot like playing Fallout Shelter in how the game is laid out, but the gameplay reminds me of Tamagotchi.I'll probably try this again in the future, when there is only spiders according to the first monster."
76561198145917879,Recommended,568220,31299261,Posted: 22 April,all,RobotPenguin656,"This game is hard it wants you to fail it wants to make you mad but I like it if its realy inspired by SCP, caban in the woods, and werehouse 13 its a game you shoud play this if you are one of the gamers who like hardcore stragy games"
76561198014894496,Recommended,568220,29579407,Posted: 29 January,all,mendozastu,"After reading all the comments, I went ahead and bought it anyway and tried it out. I was pretty fun, and at times can be very dificult. The price is a little more then what it should be I think, but I feel I'll really get my moneys worth once the game is done.-Really fun, can't wait for the full version,"
76561198072114706,Not Recommended,568220,29658315,Posted: 2 February,all,mathforthesoul,"The story line interface is clunky. Waiting for the dialouge to complete is painfully slow. The translation could use a little polish too. Not being able to control base layout or queue worker tasks hurts the fun factor. The idea has a lot of potential, but the execution needs work."
76561198011904914,Recommended,568220,35218911,Posted: 26 September,all,moshei,"Anyone saying translations kills this game can try themself to translate Korean towards English. Its a hard language to translate and since this is an Indie gamecompany with limited experience in the global marked and limited resourses, most of the devolpers most likely are focusing on devoping.I agree that most of the game is heavly RNG based and it's puts people off due to that. However, this game is not about how to make a functioning base. Its how to just survive with odds stacked against you from the start with anomalities that can and will kill you and your fellow emploies in an heartbeat. Its about any failure could be your last before mayham occurs.Lobotomy Coorperation needs an English translator to cover the global marked. However, by doing so, the poor translation are some of the theme in this game and it will lose that theme by perfecting the english speaking world. Why, do you ask:  It's poor translation is about something you can not control as per theme in this game that you can not control anything within your satifactions. Sooner or later, you will lose control and mayham occurs. And thats maybe why they have poor translation. To infact just say: we are not perfect and will never be perfect.The artform on this game is out of a fairetail book. Scary and depressing while also fasinating and beutyful. The anomalities themself are fasinating on their own and also quite deadly and terrifying. You will be glad to hear the endbell when you filled the day's quata of energy with most of not all anomalities quite passified in their rooms. You will be more glad if you filled the quata if one or more anomalities escaping and you just filled up that energybar.The work on the anomalities is RNG based appond the level of the emploies. High level of emploies is pressus and yet they have the priorities to maintain high risk high revard anomalities and to contain both high and low anomalities if they break out. Low level emploies can handle low level anomalities on day to day basis, however they become meat seald for the high level emplies if someone is escaping.If you want a game wich is punishing you for any mistake you make and also punishing you if you do something worng, this is a game for you. This game is brutal in its simplisesy and for keeping you on the toe every single day you work. I highly recomend this due to the fact we need games that will be a challence every time we start a new game."
76561198065053836,Not Recommended,568220,35139912,Posted: 22 September,all,Overlord Kujo,"Trailer looked really neat and the gameplay seems interesting, so I grabbed this game. After taking it for a spin and watching the intro I have zero understanding of what I'm supposed to be doing and cannot figure out any controls. I don't remember there being any tutorial to explain anything so I opened the options and tried to look at the manual, but the manual doesn't seem to work.The game is in early access so I guess all of this could be fixed tomorrow, but I can't recommend the game at this point. It doesn't feel functional yet. It runs fine but I can't even really play it."
,Recommended,568220,28773697,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,chrissikat,This is highy inovative and unique game. It is unlike anything I've ever played before. All of the Abnormalities (monsters) are all different and you are forced to experiment. Would recommend to anyone who doesn't mind having to learn some info by trail and error. Can't wait until more Abnormalities come out. Fun for hour.
76561198024995524,Not Recommended,568220,29497323,Posted: 25 January,all,piebucks,"I enjoy reading the old SCP archives, and the trailer sold me with it's light tone and art style. It's a good idea for a game, but this game doesn't quite deliver on the concept. The thrill of engaging with the unknown comes from discovery, but this game is more about maintenance. The interface is painfully unpolished, with critical info displayed in tiny text boxes, and recorded in a clunky log of mostly redundant records. The AI character acting as your adjutant spouts incessant reminders to pay non-specific attention to monsters' constantly deteriorating condition. This concept seems to be better suited to puzzle mechanics- a contemplative approach."
,Recommended,568220,29439886,Posted: 23 January,all,soworkless,"This game is something incredible. I don't know how to describe game expirience, but when you see it you will play it more and more (with bricks, of course). Please, dudes, develope and improve it!"
76561197998527528,Not Recommended,568220,29515836,Posted: 26 January,all,modus6699,"this game had immense potential but it suffers from several fatal flaws.1) poor translation.  im not sure what the native language of the developer is but the translation is at time awful. also.  there are places where the agent's name gets incorrectly replaced with a monsters name, making the desription of events very confusing.2) unwinnable scenarios.  it is very possible, from jump, to get a monster that is 100 percent unmanagable or will instantly kill your agents and thus make it impossible to proceed with the game3) its just not fun.  i dont mind a challenge but this game is like beating ytour head against a brick wall.4) bad UI.  the menus are labrynthine and hard to keep track of at the best of times.  also, theres no easy way to keep track of things like facility damage, psychological damage, or physical damage.in summary, these developers could learn a thing or two from the developers of 'Darkest Dungeon'.  if you want something dark and rogue-like/light, check that out instead.  after about an hour i requested a refund."
,Recommended,568220,29732715,Posted: 5 February,all,Wince,Home Sweet Homethe question is who seek energy ¿
76561197987191140,Not Recommended,568220,33116959,Posted: 1 July,all,Anakoni,"As of right now I can't recommend this. I haven't made it extremely far but after accessing the Intel room I haven't lost even if I lose everyone but one person in the intel room, as who I have in the original/command room never fail/die. I find it extremely annoying one room fails every round (with usually only one survivor and i can never get enough ""lob"" point to hire more personel) even if I am performing the correct rutines (it may just be because the santa clause monster ru da tolph or whatever the hell it is called is broken as anything).Again the only creature I have had problems with is the Santa one as it seems to want to break out faster than the other ones, it also never seems to kill any of my people, just causes them to be scared, wander, or commit suicide/murder (murder acts as wander if there's no one to kill).Hopefully the game gets more interesting, there are jump scares from the lady facing the wall waiting for doggy style that never comes but its so short and quick it's not even scary."
,Recommended,568220,34475639,Posted: 25 August,all,DerpTime,"Its like playing Rock Paper Scisors......while balancing on one foot......on top of a tight rope......in the middle of a volcano.Please under stand the rock paper scisors is just an analigy.Its hard, and you have to manage a million things at the same time.your staff better be deverse. if you only have one rock(Female) and the thing is weak to rocks, but instant kills females, your really doomed.diversity. lots of it."
,Recommended,568220,29269078,Posted: 15 January,all,Sevetets,"Veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery tricky, but that makes me play this again and again."
,Recommended,568220,29600796,Posted: 31 January,all,Metrekec,"Considering this has been translated from korean developers and is a very early product, this game does a tremendous job with the atmosphere it sets up. I've enjoyed it purely based on the aesthetic and world-building, and I hope that the gameplay will evolve as the game goes through early access for it to be entirely worth its pricetag."
76561198061281162,Recommended,568220,29740212,Posted: 6 February,all,Smile Turtle,"Absolutely love this game, even in early access! :3"
76561197995539539,Recommended,568220,29999779,Posted: 17 February,all,astress,I buy a fare amount of early asscess games. Most of them get better with time. Hope this is one of the good ones so far it's looking good. Two updates this month.... Great gameplay. I also like that you have to figure stuff out with no english wiki.
,Recommended,568220,30023853,Posted: 18 February,all,The Official Goat,"I play loads of early access games. This is maybe one of the best I have bought and played.It isn't finished yet, but I see great things later for this.I love how everyone I know have been struggling already on day 4, and meanwhile I am already on day 11... While one of the ""monsters"" escape, I keep producing my power and it just works out? It's weird, but quite fun to see how people are freaking out and dying, while the other level is just doing it's job.I also noticed the cages got swapped, which can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you tell me.It means that you might want to swap some of your employes too. I like that, but at the same time, there is a huge chance you will fail that day.Overal this game is really fun. A huge time killer for me. I like it!"
76561198145988075,Recommended,568220,30326883,Posted: 4 March,all,JackyJack23,It may be early access but there's already so much packed into the game to begin with. If this game continues to get refined it will easily become a game of the year title.Definetly worth the buy even with what's already in the game alone.
76561198353998653,Recommended,568220,30069949,Posted: 20 February,all,Stabby Stewie,Absolutely love the game! I was a little confused on what to do at the beginning though...
,Recommended,568220,29517789,Posted: 27 January,all,Spookghetti,"This is a very interesting game. The premise is you run a facility managing monsters, which in itself is very simple. You have to learn about the monsters as you play. Everything you learn is kept permantly, but this is not a one run game. Death and chaos will often be the result of runs until the player learns about their creatures and can thus manage them effectivly. Its rather short as it is, but it is early access, so new monsters and mechanics should arise. Keep an eye on this game."
76561198164627161,Recommended,568220,29599603,Posted: 30 January,all,ApocalypseRay,"I love this game.It's like a combination or Fallout Shelter and SCP Containment Breach. The ""Abnormalities"", as they're called, are really interesting and diverse. It's fun to play whether you're winning or losing, since the facility meltdowns are fun to watch. However, there's some things that need work.Translation: It's easy enough to understand, but there are a lot of errors.Saving: Every 5 days the game saves, so if you fail you can continue from there. But when I got to day 11, when I reloaded the game, I lost 3 of my staff members. They just disappeared.Tutorial: The game kind of just drops you in there. There is a help section in the game where you can read what to do, but some things you'll just have to figure out yourself.Overall I'd say it's worth the buy. You may want to wait until they fix the saving bugs, since that can really screw things up. That's only happened to me once, but I'd say the pros outweigh the cons."
,Recommended,568220,29732166,Posted: 5 February,all,Sir Sterling Von Pent,"Great game, love the idea, so much fun playing (Thank you Mr. Falcon for your vids got me interested), and i love every single one of these crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s you put me in charge of. Execpt Plague Doctor. Guy ♥♥♥♥ed  my game up so bad cause of his *Spoiler: i'm not telling you, go experience that hell for yourself*. and now i can't get him without the whole place loosing their♥♥♥♥♥♥ other than that 10/10 awesome game."
76561198082129872,Recommended,568220,34313458,Posted: 17 August,all,dadsmspriss,GREAT
76561198141375797,Recommended,568220,34710496,Posted: 3 September,all,TableDemon,"Loving the new art direction, feels way more polished and not something my kid bro can make in MS paint, like its on a good budget finally. Wish getting new agents was easier, alot of trial and error and rebooting from last save, really kills the flow for me."
,Not Recommended,568220,33217236,Posted: 3 July,all,)-,"I really wanted to like this game but the difficulty really is just broken.To be fair i've only played it twice so far but both times i got my hands only on 1 anomaly that i figured out how to please.The others just frequently got under more and more stress and then either went on spooking the whole facility or breaking out of their ''containment'' chamber and attacking/killing things.The observation bit really doesn't seem to help either for most things except very obvious things (don't send a woman in the room with the haunted heels. duh.)Maybe there's really a way to figure this out or i'd have to spend a few days figuring out if each anomaly needs to be treated with voilence by a male pacifist but that just seems unreasonable.Maybe this game will get some reasonable level of difficulty later in it's development, but at this point i can not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,568220,33973258,Posted: 2 August,all,Xyberviri,"First off, it’s clear this game is translated to English from Korean. I really wanted to like this game, but its execution is horrible. There are elements of it that play like a platformer and less like a simulator. Perhaps if the translation itself wasn’t so bad other elements would be easier to get into. There is no tutorial so I mostly figured out what does what by just clicking on random buttons and seeing what they did. You don’t manage the monsters you simply just send in a person to “deal” with them and extract energy. They will ultimately escape and run amok in the facility."
,Not Recommended,568220,33088229,Posted: 1 July,all,MrColloquialism,This game is defiantly in Early Access. It seems alot is missing in the  game it self. Its like a managment game but with less to do. I can defiantly see this game becoming better but at the moment its just too stale. I enjoy seeing the different creatures and employees but still the game is just missing that nitche were it could hook me to stay. Im really interested to see were it goes. As of now I'll be taking a break from it.
76561198151128427,Recommended,568220,34915756,Posted: 13 September,all,Cat1_2,Game made me hate birds
,Not Recommended,568220,35092716,Posted: 20 September,all,sirbink,"No.  Just no.  At this point in time, the game can't really be played for fun due to a few problems.  First, the English portions of the game are lacking.  There is no tutorial that explains why things happen which often result in your pawns just dying or being killed by monsters.  No ability to control the volume in the game directly is a pain because I don't want to have to keep switching between screens in order to accomodate the poor sound engineering.But here's the biggest personal gripe I have.  The game was built using the free version of Unity.  This tends to send up a red flag because many times when startup companies build games this way, they end up getting abandoned.  Well, as it is the game is far from a solid alpha state so while I'll keep an eye on it (great game concept), I can't support the game at its current price.Refunded."
76561198068328470,Recommended,568220,29683772,Posted: 3 February,all,Skeletor,"Great Game. However, please nerf the don't touch button. It's a big shiny red button that I am NOT suppoused to press? I can't not push a big red button."
,Recommended,568220,29754623,Posted: 6 February,all,Zim Zam The Spaceman #SpyMain,its a hard game if your newi would recumend tuturialsor allowing you to disable certant abnormaletieslike the women faceing the wallor a easy modeand i wish you could save whenever you want
,Recommended,568220,30363809,Posted: 6 March,all,ʝ∆¢ҡ ☠ ☢ ☣,better than you think the BEST GAME i have played so far also this game was born to win
,Not Recommended,568220,33150603,Posted: 2 July,all,Phoenix,"Game is too rng based.  Read all of the negative reviews about the RNG, but bought anyway.  Should have listened.  You start with one employee.  The first Abnormality is easymode, but it takes 10 minutes to get enough ""energy"" to move to the next chapter...  I start the second chapter, Don't get a new employee, but get a new  Abnormality.    It IMMEDIATELY breaks out the second the chapter starts and kills my only agent.. Click the reload button.  It didn't save the next chapter (Like the negative reviews said it didn't).  Back to ♥♥♥♥ing with ""Tutorial""  Abnormality for 10 minutes.  I'll pass.    This isn't monster management, its click one thing for 10 minutes and hope RNG doesn't screw you.Refund time.   Dev's fix or don't(I don't care).   Difficulty != Strategy"
76561198073727712,Not Recommended,568220,29544692,Posted: 28 January,all,kittenspiracy,meh.
,Not Recommended,568220,30971985,Posted: 5 April,all,[IHC] Yenski,"Amazing idea, but poor implementation.  This is a Korean flash game, which is obvious by not only the broken grammar, but the amazingly bad instruction and menus.  I get what they were going for, I really do- but this needs a LOT more work to justify $20.As it stands now, you have to blunder your way through random clicks until you get the desired results, as abnormalities don't have any way to let you know what they are short on, so there's no real strategy other than filling your place with a lot of staff and expecting a portion to die.The game also progresses very linearly, with little to no ability to modify anything.  You don't build your base, you don't choose abnormalities, nothing.  You choose where to put people, and what the results.  The end."
,Not Recommended,568220,29836986,Posted: 10 February,all,Mean.Cloud,"Interesting concept, poor delivery.  When you're required to go hunting down wikis and Google for the basic idea of how to play the game, you're off to a bad start.  The biggest nail in the coffin is having to restart the entire game (""from last checkpoint"" on day 4 with over an hour of gameplay is basically restarting), forcing you to repeat yourself multiple times.  It's not fun to trial-and-error your way through a game if that's its only core mechanic.  The game seems charming otherwise, but ultimately it's not fun nor intuitive to play.  Skip this one."
,Recommended,568220,32187681,Posted: 4 June,all,crazy top hat,i think i can manage that...or manage to get EVERYONE killed...
,Not Recommended,568220,29828570,Posted: 10 February,all,Spooky Hands Jim,"I understand it is in early access, so it has issues and is missing features, but the game is basically a zoo with monsters, with zero base customization."
,Not Recommended,568220,33088256,Posted: 1 July,all,Ellipses,Very RNG oriented with almost no real strategy.
76561198052703099,Not Recommended,568220,29579262,Posted: 29 January,all,KrayZiePain,"This is one of the worst games i have ever played, not because of the buggs and the lack of updates, but because the game has no guide. Worst 15$ ever spent."
76561198153970703,Recommended,568220,28418663,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Brooa,한글로 플레이하고 싶은데 어떻게 해야하나요
,Recommended,568220,30535724,Posted: 15 March,all,Asriel Dreemur,turns me on
76561198171071583,Not Recommended,568220,34751385,Posted: 5 September,all,millerandrew56,"not lovin it, a tutorial would have bin nice"
76561197976977811,Not Recommended,568220,33069489,Posted: 30 June,all,Lying Cat,"For what it is, it seems like it has potential as an early access game. However, the VOLUME SETTINGS RESET AT THE START OF EACH LEVEL. So if you turn off the music to play simple games like these while doing other things with your PC, you will have to turn it off over and over again.This is one of those things that will surely be cleaned up as it is further polished, but it is very annoying."
76561198261369332,Recommended,568220,30842768,Posted: 30 March,all,Jacob,Best game.
,Recommended,568220,29261433,Posted: 14 January,all,Paleknight,Well it had some decent updates to keep it alive liking the researching and character making.
76561197963906237,Recommended,568220,29192450,Posted: 11 January,all,CoralChains,"New Update: Changing to thumbs up after losing a game due to two new monsters being added.Pretty good game, although it's currently quite short. I honestly don't know how they're going to get more playtime out of it either. At least, not enough to warrant the $20 price tag. Downvoting for now, but I'm hoping I will get to flip that to a thumbs up later on. That's the danger of relasing your game early access. If there's not enough content to warrant the price yet, I can't promise that there ever will be. I can't recommend the game. )= It's got a rather unique playstyle, and is certainly an awesome experience. It's still early access. They'll have to triple the number of monsters, at a minimum, in order for me to feel like it's worth it. That would be enough to make each playthough feel unique instead of the same thing, for the hundreth time.The game has what I'd call a ""horror theme"", falling short of actually being horror. There's certainly some mildly unsettling imagery, and a few mild jumpscares, but at no point does any actual horror tension / anticipation bulild up. And the inclusion of the Magical Girl, and ""Don't push this button"" provide enough comedy to absolutely kill the horror.Another note, if you look for let's plays for this game, don't watch too far in them. The experience can be spoiled very easily. The entire point of the game is to use what you learn from previous playthroughs. Learning from outside sources will completely destroy the experience, even though the style of the game makes looking up wikis quite tempting. I've played about eight hours. If I reset the entire game, I could probably get back to where I am now in less than an hour. Possibly less than thirty minutes.As far as the storyline goes, I could see them going in several interesting directions, potentially with multiple endings. I could also see them not going any farther than they already have, although it feels as if there's something left out at the moment. I'm hopeing this is improved on, going towards release date.I have experienced a number of odd glitches. From having a ""phantom employee"" taking up a slot, to the game not going anywhere when I press ""Start Game"". I would be suprised if these didn't get fixed. This has no influence on my rating decision.Also, this is a Korean company. The English are bad. Much very bad. This isn't a huge title, so there's no telling as to how much this will improve."
,Recommended,568220,29210847,Posted: 12 January,all,Ladyloves_you,i really enjoy this game. the story and game itsself feels very short. the story is told in one of my favorite story telling methods. the replay value is there but it can get repeditive. id give this game a 9/10
,Recommended,568220,29517379,Posted: 27 January,all,Slyrman,"Game is good, for just coming out, needs a bit of work, i agree with the text speech being fast that should be fixed, i don't like how the resource thing works, i wish it didn't stop after getting so much energy. I would of liked it to keep going and going, not stop every so often, i wish it was like prison architect in a sense to where you could build rooms, maybe like choose creatures you'd want to take into your facility in a way you could say."
76561198125939274,Recommended,568220,29314783,Posted: 17 January,all,Mirot,"The game is unique and fun like most people said but its very flawed as well, the main flaw of this game is it can be too punishing if mistake is made or just simply being unlucky due to its RNG on agent type and abnormality/monster it given to player. The second flaw is this game is too cryptic and there some grammar errors in the game as well which make it sligtly harder to understand the game than it should have (the developers are korean). The third flaw is the fun or action part is only when the monsters gone berserk and break out of the room to begin massacre and player must send the agents to fight back while listening to badass thrilling musics but at the cost of losing the game or lossing a lot of player's agents which make further progress in the game near impossible.The game still fun despite its flaws and most monsters in this game looks really amazingly designed, just imagine those monsters being visually improved toward dark and realistic style and add more creepy sounds for all monsters. That would    make this game a horror monsters laboratory management simulation, it would be a unique masterpiece...this game have too much potential!!By the way, i hate the plague doctor looking monster."
76561198064503683,Recommended,568220,29246707,Posted: 14 January,all,Diasuke,"Lobotomy Corporation is as it says a monster management simulation with a few of it's ideas taken from the SCP (Secure, Contain, Protect) forums.since regular monsters are a pain as it is you can easialy think how much dammage a MASSIVE bird and a weaponised cleaning robot can do.there are 5 ways to...'deal with' monsters in there containment: you can use violence, talk to them, entertain them, feed them, and clean them. if they escape...well you better hope you can deal with ther own indepedant issues before they esscape and start killing your workers.as of the time of writing this there are around 16 monsters and four sections that can each contain 4 monsters, the developers want to end the total monsters at 100 with 10 sections as well as a research system.in the end if you are intrested in something like this then note that the developer talked about potetaly ramping up the cost for the game at the end so get it now."
76561198200555835,Recommended,568220,34706484,Posted: 3 September,all,DrunkRaptorGaming,It's like the devils work of abormals... They're hard and scary... IT'S LIKE A NIGHTMARE IN A NUTSHELL! I recomed it! It's fantastic!
76561198382114611,Recommended,568220,34786159,Posted: 6 September,all,Lomax223,This game is... Really hard at times But over all it's really fun (To watch every one die :p) soo yea id rate this... 8/10
76561198188603419,Not Recommended,568220,32077315,Posted: 30 May,all,Luodavid2010,"The Crumble armor has a serious bug, it cut my employee's head off when they attend attachment work on other Abnormal."
,Not Recommended,568220,33881969,Posted: 29 July,all,Dr. Badnews,"If you are a SCP foundation online novel fan, this is basically SCP Foundation simulator :D*update*So, you actually get to see the devs work REALLY hard on this game, with community voting on the preference they like to see, and after the update, the game basically changed into a whole different ball game.... keep the good work up! :DEdit:had to change this to ""not recommended"" after the most recent patch... it is a step in the wrong direction, where it used to be very unique, but now the anime style, and on top off that, failing at that style makes it bad....  the original 90s feel was great....  hopeffully the devs will listen to the players and head back to what they should have been."
,Recommended,568220,35342483,Posted: 30 September,all,Gravemind,i wish the game was back at its old looks but in ok besides that
76561198253370324,Recommended,568220,35484645,Posted: 4 October,all,Beta the Arctrooper,This game is just like your life one wrong step and its all down hill from here
