user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198014704153,Not Recommended,568570,28792187,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"The game was fun at first, but not as good as I thought it would be.The game is very limiting, in the fact that you can only craft certain objects at each level and you can only lvl by completing the set quests and crafting what is listed. So this game is wrongly classed as a sandbox game as there are limitations to what you can do. Such as you can't craft any clothes until lvl 7 or iron axes until lvl 8.At lvl 6 I was only allowed 1 cooking table, so I could not make bread, coffee and cheese at the same time. And crafting is not queued, so you can only craft 1 thing at a time so it takes ages, especially since I did not want to leave my base without having  a decent amount of food.And the food you find is not good enough as it hardly restores any health or stamina.Iam currently, not allowed to make a better weapon than a cudgel or a crude bow, both are rather weak and hate that you can only attack 1 enemy at a time so if you get more than 1 goblin and a bear joining in the fight, you end up dead as I can't craft armour at lvl 6.I hate how very restrictive the game is, so it makes this game less fun for me.Everything takes forever to craft. It becomes very tedious and grindy, needing  15 amethyst chips just to progress, it gets boring by the time you get to lvl 7 as you need way too many items andyou have to spend ages making food and drink just to survive going anywhere.When trying to hunt animals for pelts, boars and foxes will run away when their health gets low and they are way too fast espcially when you have -3 movement speed from wearing bronze armour. Only bears stay and fight, makes it annoying when you need 50+ pelts for crafting fur armour.Other bad things is combat is terrible and so is the camera angle, it's a weird angle so you can't see into the distance.Also for some strange reason animals need 2 traps before they can be tamed, the first trap thrown always fails.I gave this game a chance, playing it even when feeling bored.I got up to lvl 8, had to get my third force of nature in the cold area, the area surrounded thick in mobs each lvl 10, tried to pull 1, 5 mobs came after me, died, came back and am faced with the same problem this game is just frustrating and annoying, I can't recommend it anymore.This game has a good concept, but is let down by poor execution, there is a lot that needs to be improved. It feels unbalanced and not as polished as it could be. I may change this game to recommend if the gameplay is updated and improved. Things such as when digging soil, you get 1 piece of soil at a time, which is slow when you need like 30 soil for a seedbed. Or having 30 animals and having to feed each of them 1 at a time. Which is crazy considering a real productive farm would have large feed troughs so that all animals can be fed quickly."
,Not Recommended,568570,28897158,Posted: 1 January,all,Draugwyn,"This game is NOT a sandbox. The game will micromanage your playing.Quest 1: ""Build A"".Quest 2: ""Build B""...I would have preferred to choose when and how I build things.There is no hunger or thirst to take care of. The interface is poor. The camera angle is absolutely terrible."
,Not Recommended,568570,32331725,Posted: 10 June,all,funny scream haha,"Force of Nature has a good concept. A survival game with complex in depth mechanics that allow you to gain meaningful progression. Like Don't Starve, throwing you into an unknown wilderness and telling you to figure it out yourself. I love these types of games, but they're few and far between. But as of right now, this game is executed extremely poorly.Camera and movement is tedious and restricted. EVERYTHING is an obstacle. Sunflowers and bushes block everything, and you have to slowly dig through it all. Terrain generation is wonky, and that stops movement even further. Also the camera is locked in the top down view, and it's disorientating and annoying that I can't change it.Menus and inventory is a hassle. Every menu has to be opened by its own button, and they'll constantly open and close other windows you may want to keep up/down. They'res no way to easily navigate anything.Progression is not enjoyable or satisfactory due to the worst forced tutorial I've seen. It forces you to grind for materials in order to advance the game. Only to be greeted by more fetchquests and grinding. And if it doesn't teach you, then you'll have a hard time figuring something out. Hell I didn't even know you could break bushes until 30 minutes in.So yes, a game so dissapointing to me I wrote an extremely long rant about it.tl:dr, Idea is great, game isn't.My advice for the devs? Take more from similar games, like Don't Starve and Haven and Hearth. They have fluid movement, easy to use menus, and the combat/progression is difficult, but satisfying."
,Not Recommended,568570,28874856,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,onetwentysix,"This is a game that has a lot of promise, but is tedious and has really awkward controls.  All of your recipes are linked to your level, and you get levels by completing quests.  This basically amounts to a game that's basically one long tutorial that holds your hand and never lets go.  It's not a sandbox, since you can never do what you want to do - if you have the materials to make better tools, you have to wait until you gain enough levels to make them, which is especially frustrating since you need tons and tons of resources to do anything.  There's a quest to build three seed boxes, which each require 15 soil, so you sit there digging at the ground mindlessly for what seems like forever, since each time you dig, you only have a chance of getting one soil.  Similar games are enjoyable because if your tools are weak or you need better weapons, armor, you can set that as a goal to reach and achieve - here, you can't improve your situation until you jump through all the hoops the game puts in front of you.The controls are bad and awkward, and so is the camera.  You can't see things in front of you very well, and you can't really do anything with a window open.  Combat is monotonous - just holding down the mouse and waiting for the enemy to die, or to run away at the last minute faster than you can chase after it.  It has so much promise, but the flaws of the game make it very much unenjoyable to play."
76561198055796374,Recommended,568570,32190453,Posted: 4 June,all,MadCodeMage,"Great game and I have played it for many hours.  It was worth the money.Starting out, I did not like a few elements of it  as I did not get it.  For example, running in and pulling a whole bunch of mobs then dying and resuming.  Do this a few times and you get the 'Bad Player' achievement; haha.  During this stage, the game was okay, but my fault of playing it wrong.Then I recognised the game as survival an the point is to make it to the end without dying.  Hardcore mode is just that, make it to end without dying.  This means you have to play carefully, plan and learn.  This adds a whole new challenge to the game when you play and know it is about survival.  In hardcore, you die and the game is over and everything lost;  no saved games to recover to.  Knowing this, makes the game a challenge.There are restrictions to the number of constructions, but this is a good thing as it keeps the game challenging.  Without these restrictions it would be far too easy.  At times the game is a bit grindy and you have to wait for crafting.  A small reduction will make it more enjoyable.I have completed hardcore a few times, each time sligly different due the the random map.  So there is a level of replayability.  Part of the fun is to figure out the mechanics/rules of the game and use them to your advantage.There are a few bugs.  The good thing is the developers do listen to the community and have made changes based on recommendations.  Their response time on bugs is quick.  As the developers continue to improve the game, hopefully more recipes. weapons will emerge.If you don't like a bit of a grind and miss the point of 'SURVIVAL' i.e. not dying; then the game may not be for you.   It is not a passive game, you need to go out and kill some mobs.Good.  Ambient sound and music great.  Graphics are good,  Game plays smoothly.  Challenge is moderate.  Replayability is fair.Character customisation does not exist.  Camera angle needs improvement.  A little grindy at the end of the game, can be toned down a bit.  Some achievements are too easy and others ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,568570,30429041,Posted: 10 March,all,MadeBySaints,"Where to start.... This game has great potential, I will say that.But it's crippled by several KEY factors.1. Camera, Movement, Inventory/Menus - They are not intuitive. There's nothing wrong with using a control scheme that everyone is familiar with guys...2. The game in it's ENTIRETY is very restrictive. You MUST unlock things by leveling up, and completing quests. I know if I was personally stranded on an island, I wouldnt waste my time doing most of that nonsense, besides building a shelter, and making sure I had a fresh water supply. - Suggestion - Remove leveling, unlock all stuff from the beginning. That simple.3. Creative Mode... I dont even know where to start with this. First of all, you can't call it creative mode, if the player doesnt have unlimited supplies. Creative mode refers to a game mode, in which the player has the power to inspect every part about the game. Creative mode should have its own separate menu. To give players access to a creative mode without any of this, you have effectively fixed #2, BUT YOU STILL MAKE US LEVEL UP, AND COLLECT ALL RESOURCES. - Suggestion - Change the name of this mode to normal mode, and change normal games to be hard mode. Add unlimited resources, and separate creative menus.4. Movement - Movement is overly complicated to begin with, coupled with your run speed being just barely faster than your walk speed, makes it abhorrent. Stamina recharges too slow, and the character should move faster overall.5. Shards - These are relatively easy to get, however, it takes FOREVER to get to a place where you are ready to go after these. Not to mention, they spawn SO FAR APART, that by the time you reach your 3rd one, you're ready to quit the game.6. Chests - They dont hold enough. Nuff said. - Suggestion - Just double it. Then it would be perfect.7. Replayability - Once you have played for a couple days, everything gets ridiculously repetitive. As a progressive gaming generation, there should be new content every few weeks, to let your players know, you are listening, and actually adding things to the game. Even if it's just a single item every week or so.8. Bugs - I dont have the time in the day to list the bugs that I have encountered thus far. There are some horrible crashes the player can encounter. They always seem to happen when you havent saved the game after a large accomplishment, thus severely diminishing the replay value...9. Enemies - Enemies arent spawned properly. I started a brand new game to test. The minute you leave your starting area, there is a chance to encounter level 20+ enemies. This is a death sentence, even to an somewhat experienced player.10. Heat/Cold - They drain your stamina WAY TOO FAST.There are a lot more that I could list, but I don't have all day.If you are interested in this type of game, you are better off spending your money on something else. I got this game on a sale, when it was much cheaper, so it's not a TOTAL loss. It only started being a loss after the initial excitement wore off, and I started encountering features (not even bugs) that are game ruining.Features: 6/10Replayability: 3/10Intuitiveness: 3/10Graphics: 8/10Combat: 4/10Story: 3/10Options: 5/10Overall Score: 4.5/10Unfortunately, as much as I would love to recommend this game, I just cant. Perhaps I will revisit this after I see some updates."
76561198077937110,Not Recommended,568570,29692750,Posted: 4 February,all,the_gebbeth,"I was so disapointed with this game. It seemed exactly what I like to play until it became clear you can NEVER go off and do your own thing, discover items to create etc on your own. Every single item is part of a level requirement so the whole game is just creating things in a specific order and you are told how to make them all. So disapointed."
,Recommended,568570,32821352,Posted: 26 June,all,Haveallama,"TL:DRA really fun and enjoyable game which is challenging and rewarding. If you enjoy progression and don't mind farming/grinding then this game is probably for you. A few minor multiplayer bugs but to be expected and not game breaking.ReviewThird person surivival indie game. You start on a beach and have to progress your way up. Has an old school nostaligic feel to it in the way it handles leveling and general playing. There is a wide range of construction and decorations to build a village.The tutorial to the game are the quests. They introduce all the new items, buildings and creatures to the game whether indirectly or directly. These unlockables are behind level teir requirements that occur by completely the quests and spending resources gathered.It is a grindy game, similar to what other reviewers say. However I do not mind it as of such as the reward of gathering resources and making something that took time is in my opinion fun. It is not a game that gives you every recipe at the start and you are able to build everything in an hour. I am currently on my first playthrough with a friend and we are approximately 10 hours in and I think we've unlocked 2/3rds of the buildings.Multiplayer was added recently and what encouraged me to pick it up for myself and a friend. There is a few teething bugs with it but it not's unplayable (just don't hit windows key!!). The game loads/runs quick.Update: Emailed the developer regarding with some bugs and recommendations and was replied to within a few days and was interested in hearing my suggestions. It seems the devs behind this are interested in our feedback and suggestions for change."
,Recommended,568570,29110175,Posted: 8 January,all,Elyrien Valkyr,"Through all its faults, this is a fairly good game, specially for its price. It's very clearly designed and made for those that love grinding to progress.The difference to me is that the grind matters. Every item has value, and a use. You have to prepare for your explorations, and while you're exploring you will find things to make a better base.The con being the same that many have. The restrictions are to restricting. You start out far too slow in all aspects. Fighting, harvesting, moving, etc. It also seems pointless to have a build restriction. The player is already restricted from crafting the best supplies and buildings due to the cost of building them. There's no reason to bar a player from accessing them as well. On top of which, when you level up, it requires resources. Often time it's vital resources that may be hard to come by. Once you level up, they get deleted, just gone from existence. Why? Where did they go? Why did I need to sacrafice vital resources when completing 5 quests would suffice to level up?The scaling of conflict is about right, however even 13 hours in, I have never experienced monsters sieging my base as shown in the video. The only way this seems to happen is if you build your base on top of a heavily infested area, as monsters always respawn on sleep / log in.The camera angle is often times infuriating. If the player had some control over it, or it were angled lower to see further that would be much better. Or simply just do it top down as the standard isometric style."
76561198132999797,Not Recommended,568570,29530659,Posted: 27 January,all,druegan2001,"This isn't a *bad* game, explicitly.  But it's also not a *good* game.It's supposedly a survival/crafting/adventure game..  and 18 hours of play into it, it's fairly nonsensical on all 3 fronts.To begin with, the available camera angles are *abysmal*.  You basically have ""overhead"" and ""almost overhead"". Which means you have about 25 feet of visibility, regardless of weather conditions.  And since I haven't read anything suggesting an in-game story reason for this, such as ""your character is hideously nearsighted"".. there's no excuse for it.Additionally, visibility is further decreased by treecover. Which is nigh everywhere.  Down on the ground, where your character is, you would ostensibly be able to see reasonably well.  Up above, where the camera sits.. tree cover reduces your visibility to a mere 3-5 feet in many places..And considering that your ability to survive encounters with goblins and hostile wildlife is wholly dependent upon your ability to be able to see them before they see you, and selectively ""pull"" individuals.. well, effectively you will die far more often from the complete rubbish camera angles and getting jumped by multiple enemies (none of whom have any logical in-world reason why they would be working together, btw) than from any other circumstance.You will be attacked by bears. Boars. Goblins.  These sorta make sense.  You will also be attacked by foxes.. who are harder to kill than the weapon wielding humanoid goblins.  This does not make sense. Neither their durability nor their behavior.. as, simply put, foxes *don't do this*.The Crafting system.. I have mentioned it is nonsensical. Some examples..  Early on,  you build a ""blast furnace"". Well, even if we discount the silliness that what appears to be a medieval bread oven is being called a ""blast furnace"", despite no bellows or the like,  you gain the ability to cast ingots of copper, iron, tin, gold...   And when you build an anvil, you can make copper or iron into nails..  But yet.. when you go to make a ""spiked cudgel"", you cannot, as logic would dictate, simply hammer a bunch of iron nails into a cudgel.. no, you must go slay many aggressive animals with your inferior weaponry in order to acquire their teeth and claws, substances far less effective to make a cudgel ""spiked"" than actual metal *nails*..There's a lot of similar nonsense. Later on, when you have the ability to make clothing.. you need something like 14 pelts to make a pair of gloves.  I could see that if you were killing chipmunks. Bears?  Boars? Foxes?  Um, hell no.  Requiring nails to make fences..   There's a dozen ways to make fences.. sturdy fences, that don't require nails at all. I can actually build you a *house* without the use of nails..   So some very illogical bits here.  Requiring gold ingots to make a compass. Dafuq?   It's not that I'm expecting immaculate realism here, but if you're making a game in which crafting and survival are significant components, you ought to be expected to at least pick up a boy scout handbook or something for reference..Similarly.. you can smelt and work iron. Yet the first weapon advances past your inferior animal-fang-and-claw-studded-cudgel is a *bronze* sword.  You can work iron. Why the *hell* would someone concerned with survival make a weapon of Bronze?  The ""Bronze Age"" preceeded the ""Iron Age"" for a reason.  Anyway..Let's talk about levelling.. and its effects..  Every time you level, you gain a small amount of health, stamina, and defense.. and apparently, the magical understanding of things like ""pants"" because you've beaned 50 goblins over the head.  Yeah, crafting is locked behind level walls, which are determined mainly by completing a couple quests and how much loot you've gotten from killing various aggressive things..   The combat and exploration mechanics are *entirely* forced and feel very unnatural.   You're set off to acquire some various mystic widgets.. which you mysteriously know you need to get because reasons, but yet you cannot comprehend pants without beaning things in the head...  There's no ""story"" here to make this an ""adventure"" or ""rpg"", despite the tags... there's no lore that I've discovered within the game context...  The only reason you do anything is because a little quest box tells you to..And, in my opinion, that really robs much of the redeeming quality as an ""Adventure"" game that Force of Nature has.You can basically sum it up as ""grind a whole bunch to satisfy some nonsensical quest requirements, level up, kill a bunch of wildlife to magically gain the ability to make pants, repeat ad nauseum.""Most games with a ""survival"" aspect to them generally fail in that regard... and this is no exception.  But it's not too far from its peers, so I'm got going to be too ruthless in my criticism here..    Apparently, later on, temperature of the area you're exploring plays a role, but for the most part, you don't have to eat, you don't have to drink, you don't have to sleep..  Ingestion of food replenishes heath and/or stamina.. water is used for agriculture, animals, and crafting.. but you don't actually *drink* any of it.. unless you make coffee..But the main element of survival is the mindset... and this game misses it totally with its forced combat and level locked crafting mechanics.  If you're trying to survive, you don't go randomly wandering into hostile territory just for giggles.  You do it because you lack something you need to stay alive.. and you do so cautiously and with the best preparation you can muster. Force of Nature completely throws that out the window. The arbitrary and forced nature of a lot of this game just totally ruins any chance of immersion, and that's quite a shame.This is an ok *start* for a game.. if it were an ""early release"" and one could expect much of this to be changed before it was considered a ""Finished Product"".. but as a ""finished game"", give it a pass unless there's some massive patches released that fix the view distance issue at the *very* least."
76561198054996980,Recommended,568570,34217931,Posted: 13 August,all,IvaBentshaft,"My son and I each bought a copy of this last week.We've played it every day since then.We just reached level 12, so we might take a break from it soon.We have enjoyed the game.I like how the dev (or Dev Team?) has been releasing small additions/patches often.Granted, this game is still in development.It remains to be seen how far it will come.As it is now, it IS worth the 8 bucks we paid for each copy.And that's really the bottom line.However,I'd like to be able to venture far-further away from each other.And the collision needs some improvement.And it was sometimes a pain that he had to log out, so we could log back in together.Also, feeding chickens to get one egg at a time was hard on my wrist and my patience.The rest is just obvious stuff. like ""needs more stuff"".Ideas for some of that ""more stuff"":I'd love to eventually see caves, abandoned houses, bridges, NPCs, shops, escort quests,a pet (that can be tamed, leveled, and kept permanently),spooky towers, and humor.Thanks for a fun game at a fair price.Keep up the good work."
76561198081186140,Not Recommended,568570,29205928,Posted: 12 January,all,Gumballz,"Not bad for the price.Don't be expected to be able to roam around and do as you wish, levelling is reliant upon completing quests, and the quests are the generic craft xxxx item or collect yyy materials.Wrongly tagged as a sandbox, very linear leveling and a major time sync.Unless your utterly bored, I would give this a miss, but then .. you'll soon be utterly bored after a couple of hours.Camera angle is very limiting.  Crafting system is almost decent but lacks some thought... to many menus to click through, can't open another windows if you have a recipe page open without hitting the cancel button.If they removed the quest req's from leveling it would be a step in the right direction, still wouldn't be able to call t a sandbox though."
76561198068389515,Recommended,568570,29280881,Posted: 15 January,all,TracyLinn1285,I FINALLY after 75 hours of gameplay got the force of nature. I usually don't do forum posts or reviews but I feel like I had to. I Love this game and adore it. It reminds me of like the old fashioned diablo but so muc better because there is crafting and terrain cutting there is a large element of thought to this game. I have seen people whine about how horrid some parts are I think it is quite well balanced. each biome is different from another with temp differences. Sometimes you need more gear in one than another you can't just wear one suit and run the game. Even with ultimate gear two of the areas require you to modify your gear to survive in them. It is brilliant to mechanic that instead of just having one setup each area you need to plan out your advancement. Some areas need antidotes or teas and some need a lot more on the stamina because there is a lot of cutting involved some need a lot of health because you have to sacrifice armor for heat cold management. It is brilliant this game gets 5 out of 5 stars for its type. It isnt an MMO it isnt an RPG it isnt a sandbox it is elements of all of them and I would love to see more games like this in the future. Great job developer on a game well done. Stability seems to be quite good as well. The only downside I see is some players like to be spoonfed and when they get the best gear they like to be brainless and be set his game requires thought effort and planning.  The areas are gorgeous I LOVE the last area with the purple flowers and the trees and the bubbles. I love the fact that you have to make your own stuff instead of just going to a shopkeeper. Some places were enraging and you die a lot but thats ok i think some areas should be vicious for me it was the dreaded snow area. Pretty yes died alot also yes. I hope the dev doesnt modify it much further then where it is because it is great. I dont wanna see it dumbed down I would however love to see controller support.
76561198117118909,Recommended,568570,28496357,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,kyle.staley95,"Please Read if concerned about buying!!!NOTE: Many people address the issue of the camera view. You must hold the 'space bar' when any menu is up to change your camera view with your mouse. Exit all on screen menus with 'escape key' or repress the same menu key as before.Jumping straight into the Pros and Cons...Pros:* Death penalty - lose random items in personal inventoryWhy is this a Pro? Because you do not have to hunt down your old inventory/lose everything* Multi-tasking - can craft multiple items from DIFFERENT work benches/crafting menus.You can craft several of one item (if materials permit), run through the forest like Rambo, and be home in time for tea. Yes, the crafting works while you walk away from any station.* Multitude of crafting - There is many (many) things to craft, and each has a purpose.* Safe Startup - So far, every time I spawned it was back at the original beach which has been safe from monsters thus far. However there is a con to this, leading right to...* Character Progression - The character progresses in terms of completing quests and as a reward gains more health/stamina/damage/speed. This is non-selective, and is a fixed leveling system. Each level opens up new crafting recipes to further your survival/exploration.Cons:* Mobs respawn on Startup/death - The monsters and other baddies respawn after I leave the game or die, even if I did nuke the island clean. This isn't necessarily bad, because there is more resources available. But if I want to get across the map I need to wipe out everyone again.* Combat - the combat feels a bit sluggish specifically with melee weapons. Ranged weapons are bit tricky to get used to due to the camera view.* No Sprint - this isn't a feature in the game that I know of, and would come in handy when being chased by a bear, a boar, and a fox. Leading into ...* Non-neutral Animals - There are many animals in the game that can be tamed for resources. There is also a number of bad animals for hunting, and if they see you from a good distance away they will chase you and most likely kill you.* No Mob control combat - Many times there will be 3 or more monsters/animals attacking you and you can only hit one at a time. This usually results in your death, and ranged attacks need to be used before-hand.* Tedious - This game will consume a lot of time before anything is done. Getting resources cost stamina, and at lower levels at the beginning can take some time.* Menus - There are several menus for different crafting, which requires a lot of clicking and/or dragging.OVERALL: 3.5/5This game shows good promise, but needs some work to reduce the amount of work the player needs to do. This game definitely requires some patience and an ability to grind out materials. I'm going to keep playing and see how things progress and will add/edit my future opinion."
76561198040952752,Recommended,568570,28343467,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,j-b-e-a-r,"I'm really enjoying this. Seems there is a ton of things to craft and collect. After 2 and a half hours I have only managed to get some basic tools and a smelter and anvil so there is value for money here for sure. There are a few things that could be a little better that I'm sure will get changed but it is very playable.It reminds me a little of The Sims Castaway, mixed with Sacred 2, and a huge amount of crafting and levelling up through completing tasks.For the price I would certainly recommend giving it a go."
76561198055586349,Recommended,568570,34076620,Posted: 7 August,all,lennyQuick,"Like survivor games? This has got the right balance between crafting,building and bad stuff. In fact, it immediately pulled me in and kept me going until the early morning hours!  You can spend your time building, crafting, exploring without risking dying every 10 minutes. You don't have to die of thirst by refilling yourself with water every second or eating every minute. Your stamina is tied to how much work you do. More work, more stamina required. The nourishment then doesn't become some ridiculous kabuki theatre like certain other survivor games like Stranded Deep.The game is truly progressive in that the more you engage and want to grow your base and character it will allow you to make the move. This will then allow you to craft more complex things including buildings, weapons, armour, farming. Capture sheep and start the important job of cultivating wool an important ingredient in armour and clothes. Increase the quality of your wearables and increase your character's armour rating. A very smart gentle nudging to move to bigger and better things.Graphics are just fine maybe understated but not pretentious. Brings back to mind the Ultima top down  series but more complex  and involved. Primarily survival but allows you to move to RPG areas without being in your face.It  then cleverly ties to character development and advancement  qua role playing. Playability is off the charts. Winner!"
,Recommended,568570,33391443,Posted: 8 July,all,Tommy 'Vatharian' Smith,"Hello, this is another 'early access crafting survival sandbox game'.And if you're interested in theme, it's actually fun!-------------------------------------------------------------------------Theme of the gameYou're washed ashore of some land. You've got some boldly ripped shorts on you and... that's all. Goal: survive against wildlife, and build youself some roof over your head (or over your things). Good luck!Execution of the ideaSomeone sat down, and actually thought trough the whole thing. Progression from digging stick to first class shovel is nicely implemented - all tools have great impact on your gameplay, and you feel, that there is really need to push forward.Gameplay feelAfter every discovery, of what you can build, smelt or make, there is an influx of 'oh darn, this is sooo repetitive! And yes - it is and it is intended this way. If you actually landed with nothing on you on a foreign land, you won't build brickhouse from day 1 - you'd have to really make your tools, gather materials and so on. Yet from time to time you discover ways game is making some tasks easier for you - you just have to work your way to them!The game lacks proper story, and I don't think there is a need for one. But in return nothing stops you from some roleplaying.Audiovisual experienceMusic is virtually non-existent in the game - it plays every time you discover and visit new biome (you can force in the options to play it when you visit it again, after some time), and honestly I wouldn't mind it playing more often. It's catchy and good. But the real background is really the true sound of nature - cicadas in the night, birds singing, ocean waves washing the shore, sounds of insects buzzing around you, delicate noise of leaves in the wind, bubbling of a swamp, ice breaking in the frozen desert, or creepy silence of the cold wasteland... It really can relax!The graphics are nice - nothing much else you can say about them. They are pleasing, but not super-highly detailed, they blur a little. This has nice side effect of the game having quite low hardware requiariments, while it still looks good. There are a couple of ingenious tricks, that make the game more immersive - like vision going out of sharpness, like your avatar is shivering from the cold, or bloody noise and occasional blackouts when you're hurt badly. Small visual cues, that make the game feel more natural.There are no errors I could spot (except flower pot just floating in the air), and in over 40 hours I've spent in this game, I haven't got a crash or error.Protagonist's movement are absolutely great - not disrtacting, natural (he has to actually turn around, and not just swirls in place as you move your mouse).Interface and playabilityComing from other crafting/sandbox games, UI is surprisingly polished. It feels natural, and consequential, but is poorly documented. I feel like some more actions need extra buttons (like 'Take all' should have its own hotkey, or when clicking an item in the chest with i.e. shift all items of this kind could get transfered), but in the end it serves its purpose - you're not limited by it, most of the time. WHERE IS MY MAP ZOOM!?One thing that needs to be mentioned is the camera - first thing you need is to set it to 'free' in the options, or else you'll end up in that strange overhead view.DifficultyWhile most of the game is collecting stuff, combat is unaviodable. It doesn't require lighting fast reflexes, but rather feeling into it and good timing, and you'll get out of most of the fights unscathed, just keep number of enemies you're fighting low. You won't drown, fall to your death or otherwise croak, so until you wander into pack of bears while backpedalling shooting your bow at goblins, you'll be fine. In short - remember your surroundings.Target audienceThat's hard question. It's both engaging game, and a relaxing one. It has potential, is pleasing to eyes and ears, and transfers very well the difficulty of making your way in the wilderness. I'd say, if you've enjoy watchingPrimitive Technologyon Youtube, you'll probably enjoy this game. It's building blocks and mechanics are very simple, so I'd say the age bracket is very wide.I clearly enjoyed this game, and I do not regret spending money on it, It's something different, just not in the same way as jumping from Minecraft to Goat Simulator. There are downsides - like repetitiveness of some tasks and the fact you have to progress from biome to biome in a sequence, or you'll end up with enemies way above your level, but in return you get to immerse into experience you're probably not going to experience (unless you go to field trip in Australia and get lost in the bush).Final objective score: 6.5/10Final personal subjective score: 8/10."
76561198098410259,Not Recommended,568570,30677196,Posted: 22 March,all,beowulf_of_wa,"fun at the start, turns boringly Grindy rapidly.biggest play issues are the work animation is also used for attacking, so it's deadly slow.other peeves include poor spelling and grammar in the text, poor pathing of animals, and a distinct lack of multiple paths to through the game as a whole.biggest complaint is that this is labelled as a survival game, with only animals and monsters able to kill you. (ok so maybe user tags shouldn't count)never need to drink, eat, sleep, or shelter from the weather."
,Recommended,568570,29311280,Posted: 16 January,all,STV,"Ignore the ""its not sandbox"" because whilst the levelling is controlled by quests and items, within a level you are free to do what you want.If you want to get to level 12 then yes - your going to grind.If you want to explore, then the creation of items compliments that aim.For instance, at level 6 you gain access to Portals and are strong enough to move outside your localised area to find a place for them.  Levels 1-5 are about getting started and for me Level 6 is about exploration.At 8 hrs in, I am exploring and level 6.  I am not looking to get to level 12 or complete the game - I am looking to enjoy my experiences.On a final note: the Devs released a patch yesterday that broke digging.  Within a few hours they had fixed it.  Updates at the moment are every few days and add elements to the game - many are fan suggestions.Overall:  this is one of those games I found by accident and am delighted to have done so.With steam's refund policy - why not try it for 2 hours and see what you think?"
,Recommended,568570,28397834,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The Swizzler,"So, here we have another crafting/survival game. Only this time, it's feature complete. Also, it's not a survival game.That all said, I like it. It's a fairly slow paced game with long crafting timers, the forced camera angle is wonky (the developers state they are working on this), there's a lot of annoying controls and the English translation is somewhat off. The combat is clunky and irritating, progression is too linear and heavily gated and the grind is excessive.That all said. I like it. The developers have been updating frequently since release, listening to player feedback and working hard to improve the game. It's a fairly relaxing, low-key experience that has you working to build up your caveman camp. Hang out, make some bread, maybe chill out with your chicken friends, smack a goblin in the face and kick some banana trees. There is a lot to do, a lot of content, the crafting trees and supply chains all make sense, and you really do get the sense that in most cases, the grind actions you're taking are outright helping you improve your ability to take on the threats of [NONDESCRIPT DESERTED ISLAND], I've also noticed very little in the way of bugs and the game is feature complete. Everything promised in the description is there and the game functions, which puts it head and shoulders above a lot of early access games in the same genre that are promising the moon.If you're into the crafting/survival genre, I think this is a good buy, especially at such a reasonable price."
,Recommended,568570,30991294,Posted: 6 April,all,Akeel,"By far the best sandbox game I ever played.  The camera angle takes a bit of getting used to but it's all fun after that.I likethe progression of levels.  Every piece of equipment, clothing, food recipes, weapons, buildings etc. get better as you level but you must supply the resources.  You need to save everything, yes, even the poisonous mushrooms.  If you can’t build storage containers (barrels and chests) fast enough to accommodate your resources, you can pile them in neat stacks anywhere on the ground and no one will disturb them. The scenery is fantastic, the terrain is great.  Here are some highlights:1.) All animals are wild, you catch them with net traps, tame them and tell them to follow you.  Make sure you have fenced in areas to lead and keep the animals securely inside.  Cows will give milk, chickens, eggs, etc. etc. But you need to feed them.2.) You need to gather plants, seeds and fruit but after that you can grow most of them in planting beds at home.3.) Mining for ore, building a smelter and an anvil is all part of the game.3.) Hunting for meat, pelts and other animal resources is fun as well.4.) You can make your own trails through the thick brush by cutting trees and bushes and saving the logs and sticks.5.) You can build Portals to teleport from one place to another anywhere on the map and it is huge.I could go on and on.  Just watch out for the goblins, they will attack anything but they do drop gold coins, the only resource you have for making gold ingots, which you will need later in the game.  These ugly little creatures are everywhere and they are a pain, until you reach the level where you can actually trap one and he becomes your sidekick.  He will be the funniest thing in the game as you both go on adventures. Only thing is that he dies if he’s killed, unlike you, who resurrects at home, minus some inventory items, sometimes,  valuable stuff.  So, you make more chain traps and catch another one!!!!My hats off to the developers, now for the extension package and multiplayer ability.Akeel"
76561198271130670,Recommended,568570,28355479,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ChibiSann,"Only 3 hours or so of gameplay and I'm absolutely in love with the game. Some pro's and con's are listed below:Pro's:- The game's intuitive questing system provides enough guideline to get you fully started and initiated into the game. There's no guessing as to what to do!- The RPG aspect of the game is wonderful. Full of crafting, fighting, surviving, etc. It's truly a sandbox- Interface is fairly easy to understand- Leveling system (though, there is no skill allocation)- Minimal controls! 1 - 8 on your keyboard, 4 buttons to access your crafting, building, inventory and map, and your mouse.- Graphics are outstandingly wonderful for the minimalization of spec's required to play the game. Truly is wonderful and simple for any computer or toaster :)Con's:- Aerial view can be discomforting at times- No option to scroll in and out of your character- All mobs aggro to you, and there's no getting away (But are level 1 when you start, so you can kill them, but 1 by 1)- A bit of a slow start. So if you're looking to jump in and craft some crazy armor, you're gonna have to wait a bit. (THAT's JUST A PERSONAL THING FOR ME!!!)Overall - The con's do not nearly have enough of a negative effect on the expereince of the game to say this game is just not amazing. There are very few games out there where you can just play alone and feel like you're immersed into the world. It's your village, your way, your own farms, your own way of fighting, your way for gathering, your way of getting by. You're not restricted by any means and it's just so simply complex. It really is worth the money 100%, and it's developers are certainly headed towards a wonderful future for this fresh RPG Sandbox.There aren't games as freeing as this folks, so if you're really looking for a, dare I say, realistic Minecraft, or Medeival and simple Elder Scrolls combo, this is definitely the game for you. I'm sure the developers will work with the aerial view and the minor kinks of the game to bring out the best.Personal Rating: 10/10"
76561198037381863,Not Recommended,568570,34748744,Posted: 4 September,all,Zenkci,"This game is not without some significant faults that make game play less enjoyable.Playing in “General Mode” limits the items you can craft based on your character’s current level. This make early game play challenging, but not in a good way. The items you can craft at the beginning are simply underpowered, and it’s not like you can farm materials to make stronger weapons and faster tools early on. You’ll encounter enemies that are not hard, but take a lot of swings to kill because of the weak weapons. Farming will become very redundant due to the slowness of the tools. You have to advance in a very linear way; it’s very anti-sandbox. The game does offer a creative mode that supposedly unlocks all building/items.Leveling is a little weird, you have to complete quests, which is fine. But you also have to collect resources (the same that you use to build things) are part of the requirements. Said resources are consumed when you level up. You have stats, and the only way to gain higher stats is to complete the quests and burn through resources.Draw / View distance. This game has a very limited draw and view distance; hiding un-rendered areas with fog. This makes the world feel very small.This game has a weird handle on menus. submenus prevent access from their main menus; even when both menus are visible. You have to do a lot of menu juggling to get between menus. It's very clumsy, frustrating, and inconvenient.All crafting benches require additional tools; and later on upgraded tools. It’s neat, but also requires a lot of busy work to collect the items necessary to build the tools, then the resources to build the benches.You cannot personalize or change your character.The English translation is a little rough; there are some grammar syntax errors that require you to read through a tool tip or quest multiple times to understand what it actually means. Some of the word usage is awkward, such as “Splinters”. You’ll actually collect some in the very first quest, and you’ll be like “Those aren’t really splinters… technically they are, but…”Building is a little clumsy, you can’t rotate your view of the area, and camera control doesn’t feel natural.Camrea control in general is very clumsy.Be prepared for a lot of walking around, micro management for item crafting, redundant and boring framing. Slightly overpowered, but not difficult to defeat enemies that are time sinks."
76561197999794525,Not Recommended,568570,29748158,Posted: 6 February,all,silvershadowtwo,"The perfect frustration game! I can deal with the odd, fixed camera view, the linear quest system, the tedious build/craft queue, and storage issues for excess stuff; but I absolutely hate the forced iron man mode. Save is only allowed upon exit and then most of the creatures you just killed respawn so you have to do it all over again - just for exiting the game. And when you get killed, you lose items from your inventory. I can understand the challenge of losing stuff when you die, but then give me the chance to opt out of iron man mode. And speaking of respawning when you die, all the creatures respawn so there is little payoff for inching your way forward against a pile of monsters - careful to not insight three at a time or you're dead - again. With a little more user control over the mechanics of this game, I'd consider a recommendation. But as it is, I don't like games that cause more frustration than fun."
,Recommended,568570,31944757,Posted: 24 May,all,Rockness Monstah,"Pros-Graphics are decent-Music (heard it the first time I played and I enjoyed it,  but never heard it again lol)-Crafting - very easy to understand-Bunch of things to do and discover-Having to cut through objects to move passed them (a cool thing, and a frustrating thing)-I like that you can continue to use items with zero durability loss-Building mechanics-Relaxing gameCons-Music stopped working after first play-You can't walk down a hill or a sharp edge, you have to literally run around to try to find even ground-Animals/Monsters can run from you with ease-STAMINAAAA.  Man, you don't recover stamina at all.  Yes, I've carried around coffee and constantly eat sunflower seeds, but damn, the loss of stamina is crazy.-Some items can't be built in a house while other items can, and these items are pretty similar-Not too many bugs-Not Multiplayer.TL;DR - Would I recommend, yes.  The game right out the box is playable and has lots of stuff to do.  It will keep you entertain while you wait for your friends to get online to play PUB or something. lolEdit - A lot of negative reviews talk about the bad camera angle.  You can go in the options --> general and change the camera view to ""free"" mode and that helps a lot.  Also, it takes a little bit to get used to the controls, but you'll get them."
76561198045302046,Not Recommended,568570,28869725,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,delerium76,"I'd probably give this a thumbs up if not for the combat, which I find to be so bad it ruins an otherwise good game.  You move slower than everything else in the world, get hit probably 3 times more than the speed you can attack at, and most everything runs from you at mach-5 when they get low on health.  Combat in this game is designed to test your patience, and I prefer to have fun."
,Not Recommended,568570,33059515,Posted: 30 June,all,Suicidal Jamazz,"At first, I was enjoying the game. Collect this, build that, hunt, farm, explore. But, that quickly changed to disappointment. See bottom for TL:DRI reached level 6 before I started to plateau. There doesn't seem to be a lot of levels, but compared to the first 5, I was in level 6 for what seemed like twice or three times the amount of time it took me to reach level 5.At level 6, you're fighting a lot more mobs. As you explore and fight more, you'll quickly realize how lacking the combat system is.Major issues include: When you die, you lose a random amount of items in your inventory. All that wood you just spent a ton of time and stamina replenishing items on to collect, kiss it all goodbye. You can lose anything ranging from dumb items like logs, to more valuable stuff. I admit I probably should have made more chests to hold my gear back at base, but having to make a hut, just to hold a chest, is mind-numbing. I don't want to have to make three huts and 10 chests to hold all my stuff; it would take days. Real-life days.You can't pick up what you lost on death. Don't want to lose it? Don't carry it. -Big flaw imho.The combat mechanic is poorly executed, unexciting, and unrewarding. Animals run away from you when they have 2 hp's left, and you can't chase after them unless you want to aggro another half-dozen mobs. All the health/stamina replenishment items you used to survive combat is all wasted on an enemy that is now surrounded by his friends. This issue is mentioned in their discussion threads often. It's easier, and more exciting to fight a bear who wont run, then some pipsquak fox who'll sprint away, after gnawing half your HP down. -This is another major flaw.You can make teleport pads before you can make simple clothes or armor? Have fun going 7 levels before you can put a shirt or shoes on. -Most major flaw of them allThe graphics are pretty good, but are wasted on the rest of the game, which needs to play catch-up. The only saving grace this game has is, it has triple monitor support out of the box. Who knew a game this unsophisticated could support triple monitors?!TL:DRThink of this game as an overglorified Farmville. At this time I do not recommend this game, unless it is 75% off or more. It's only worth about that much."
,Recommended,568570,30898952,Posted: 2 April,all,crissymoss,"This is one of those games that is only going to appeal to a certain kind of person, so I can't recomend it for everyone, but I can say I enjoy it.First, the basic crafting UI isn't too bad, but the general UI for gathering items is terrible. The camera is stationary and a little annoying, but you can get use to it. The battle mechanics are kind of generic, and things you cut down don't grow back, though they sometimes give you seeds.But it does combine aspects of survival and farming sims. The quest system is pretty good at leading you along the road to building things with a nice progression, and once you get to a certain point it looks like you can be pretty self sustaining.This game isn't for everyone, but for $8 I found it very enjoyable. If you aren't sure then wait to see if they develope it more, or wait for a sale."
,Recommended,568570,28437759,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Nova Nihil,"I love this game.  It somehow has the near perfect balance between grind and reward.  The quests are required to continue, but at the same time they are things you want to do anyway.  You level up by completing quests and handing in what you've crafted through those quests.  So it's kind of like paying for increasing your tech tree, which I was kinda iffy about it at first but it just works.With the new camera introduced in the last patch it is easier on the eyes.  Graphics are simple yet pretty.  Food works to heal you or increase stamina [both regenerate really slowly, but a bit too slow, so having foods that heal and recover stamina is always a good idea, specially out in the wild].Farm, craft, battle, build, tame animals.Only things missing is co-op [which is being worked on by what I've read in the forums].You are stuck playing as the guy in the video so don't get hopes about any character creation or gender options.  It will also be quite a few hours before you start getting armor/clothing, so hope you like generic castaway shorts!But those are minor gripes that don't take away from the fun and relaxing gameplay.Should also point out:  only languages available at the time of this writing are English and Russian, so if that is an issue you may want to wait.tl;dr - At this price this game is a must buy for all crafting-survival fans that don't mind playing solo."
,Not Recommended,568570,31662871,Posted: 10 May,all,Ymedron,"Sad to say I'm disappointed with this game. And my expectations weren't very high to begin with.The progress is locked behind quests and levels (that require the quests to be completed anyway, seems like a pointless complexity)The game feels like an extended tutorial, and kills any desire to explore beyond what the quest tells you to (since if you find something interesting it's just going to clog your inventory until the game deigns to let you make something out of it)Because of the progress being locked behind quests, it's even more important to make that progress feel meaningful. Sadly, it's not the case here. For example, the game introduces you to a new crafting station (anvil) but only lets you create a couple items (nails), which you can only use for a different crafting station (crafting table). The next quest then jumps to taming animals (which is similarly a frustating experience as there's no proper feedback on why you failed)I'm a glutton for material grinds in games, but this game manages to make even that feel like a cynical chore, with the stamina limits being a cherry on top.The stamina ends up feeling like you're playing a bizarre mobile game with timers you could pay to bypass. Not the best feeling.This game looks like a sandbox game, but plays like a crappy mmorpg where you're being led around by quests with no agency or motivation of your own."
76561198021576506,Recommended,568570,28566542,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,xBCrafted,"Went into this game not entirely sure what to expect... It looked simple... Boy was i wrong.As with any ""survival"" game you do have the gathering grind, and not all recipes make complete sense, but the game is still in developement so i expect some of that will change.The forced camera angle is a bit awkward, but i got use to it. Though i do still hope for an option  to change it.All in all, a very solid game, for early access. (Especially with what ""early access"" has come to mean these days)Have played a few hours, and look forward to playing many hours to come."
76561198087755670,Recommended,568570,31204074,Posted: 17 April,all,Fulmie,"So I like to call this game ""Oh s%#t I'm out of something.""Whether I would recommend this game is more about what kind of experience you are looking for.  Games like Terraria and Starbound allow you to use everything you find, quickly, and flex some creative muscle in building yourself grand structures.  They also have a fantastical element and a wide crafting tree.Force of Nature has less of that.  Crafting things requires care and time.  To forge a single ingot of metal you need the ore, and coal.  Coal requires you to put wood and burning embers into the coal smoker.  Burning embers come from a bonfire and sticks.  And these things take time.  It's a more immersive experience, especially with the 3D third person perspective.  But it can cause things to drag slightly.The game mechanics and graphics are good.  Music and sound effects can be decent.  Like most sandbox games it can take a bit to figure some things out.  To get rid of items permanently in this game you have to build a trashcan, which is listed under ""decorations"" and not ""constructions"".  Combat so far(44 hours in) has been relatively simple.There's a few quirky things that make me laugh about this game too.  Lilke the fact you're able to craft a magical portal before you can craft yourself pants.  It's nothing that detracts from the game overall, but just silly.  There's also no castle building like terraria or Starbound.  You build small structures in one piece.If you like a more realisitc exploration, sandbox, adventure game, this can be for you.  If you're looking for another game closer to the fantasy and ease of Terraria, maybe look elsewhere."
,Recommended,568570,34363992,Posted: 19 August,all,John Halo,"My girlfriend and I got this game and it honestly is a great game. Has cool RPG elements along with a really good sandbox system and its honestly unique and very entertaining. The combat is simple but it's a great game if you like rpg/sandbox type stuff and is very relaxing to play. However the multiplayer (it being in beta as I write this) has some issues where it gets stuck on loading eternally with a ""Waiting for data from other players"" notification, but, my girlfriend and I having contacted the ONE DEV about this issue have received recognition from him and he's trying his very best to fix things and continues to be very helpful and we are very appreciative. This is a great game especially for one guy developing it. The camera angle is different but it isn't bad or unbearable. I definitely recommend this game and have good faith in the developer. Just be patient and let the guy take his time. He most likely has a life aside from making this game."
76561197974927402,Recommended,568570,28638258,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CNN is Isis,"This is a game about slowly harvesting resources, creating workstations such as ""Crafting Table"" etc to make more advanced items and so on. I would compare it to Life is Feudal, Stranded Deep, Don't Starve and Timber & Stone (though you play one guy rather than a colony). All good games, and FoN takes a bit from each.The camera angle; it feels claustrophobic for the first while, I found myself wantting to lower it to see further. I got used to it though and it doesn't occur to me anymore while playing, you can turn the screen to see further, and if you use the map often, you can avoid mobs or at least pull them one at a time if your careful. Mobs show as a red dot on the map.I found once I took the time to remap my keys to more comfortable places on my G13 I enjoyed the game much more. Some controls are a bit awkward for a bit.The graphics are really nice (I play at 4k), I love the ""Castaway"" idea and setting, and this game gets it right. Nice ambient birds, waves, and wildlife sounds make it relaxing to plod away. I put on some tunes and just enjoy slowly getting my primitive camp better and better set up with animals, farms, and the ton of crafting and busy work to keep it all going.Combat is kind of slow and mostly about not getting overwhelmed and having food buffs to stay up, the mobs around the early area are quickly little threat. You can build weapons, armor, clothes etc eventually.Cons include level-gating the advanced crafting. So no bow until lvl 4 for example. However, you level by completing crafting quests, not mob grinding. So you have no choice but to lvl by grinding out whatever crafts are needed, and it quickly gets to be a long slog. I want to craft much more, much earlier personally.Camera will turn off some people, but i think it's just a matter of getting used to it.Overall, get it if you like crafting games with survival aspects and a touch of RPG (gaining levels, stats) to boot. it's not fast paced by any means, but you can pass hours playing it."
,Recommended,568570,28343674,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Tajin,"Promising little game with a lots of detail and a pretty good crafting system.Usability and controls could use some improvements at the time of writing but those are mostly minor things. Aside from that: It just got released, I've played it for a few hours and haven't encountered any bugs. That alone is noteworthy :)I'm curious where this is headed, I guess it will recieve some updates and improvements in the future but it is pretty fun to play already and the price is more than reasonable."
76561198018379489,Recommended,568570,31583301,Posted: 6 May,all,Crazywolf,I'm realy enjoying this relaxing game. No worrying about starving to death or dying of thirst every 5 mins like most survival games. Great price at £5.99 to.Had no problems with the game at all and realy looking forward to the multi player for it that they are working on. I hope there will be a co-op mode for friends to build up there camps together as that would suit this type of game much more than random people smashing and stealing all your stuff.Most of the negative stuff i have seen on the game like bad camera angle and such have been fixed (Camera angle is now free movment) The combat is a bit basic but i not playing it for the combat there are plenty of other games out there for that type of game play.Very happy customer ty very much for the game :)
76561198054343648,Recommended,568570,29865282,Posted: 11 February,all,Datucis,"I enjoyed the game for the most part, but there are a few issues I had while playing. I really didn't enjoy that leveling in this game is 100% based off of questing/looting. It's extremely annoying to have to loots 30 kobolds just to get 15 copper for 1 level, but mainly having to perform specific quests is annoying. Exp based leveling system I feel would make this game 100 times better. I died one time on this game in the 2.5 hrs i played.That's because there were 4 fox's 1 boar and a freaking bear in a spot surrounded by trees that I was completely unable to see. It wouldn't have been an issue if i was allowed to run away, however no matter how far you run from these animals they will continously follow you until either they get to 10% health or you die. This mixed with the inability to sprint is annoying.I would suggest adding in note or something telling people about the space bar. I didn't even know about this until I was forced to tame and animal and it took me about 20mins to realize there was a ruby on the shore to pick up for the bonfire. I didn't even know how to pick up items until I accidently hit Q when around some palms and at that point I was a long way away from the ruby I had to search for about 5 mins just to find it.The game as a whole is entertaining. However, with the way you level and having to level in order to get more items to create, I doubt I will play it to much more. Sitting around for 20 mins to get all the items or searching the map for 15 mins just to find enough kobolds to kill to get the gold or copper i need to level is extremely boring. With the inability to adjust the screen to actually see what is infront of you, just makes the experience a little more annoying than fun.With all that being said, I would still recommend this game for casual survival gamers. Not really hard to pick up, just a few annoyances you have to get over in order to really get into the game."
76561198060506055,Recommended,568570,29298669,Posted: 16 January,all,Ebonyize,"This is a fun little game and it is not an Early Access game although some folks don't realize this.It requires patience and finesse to get the most pleasure from this game.If you are a player that likes to blast through a game on a marathon run...this game will disappoint you. The crafting requires a ton of foraging, harvesting and trail blazing.It is very important to keep your base (spawn point) surrounded with the vegetation barrier...the goblins do not like you and will batter the walls you put in place.The devs put in a GR8 little alarm system to let you know.The camera angle is an aerial view only and not a very large diameter, but it is enough to get a couple seconds to set for the attacks from the mobs as you try to get the shards.This is where you can cut trees or break rocks and ores to get a narrow pathway to the mobs and a chance to retreat and hide to regain your health.At first the game gave me vertigo but once I played a bit that effect went away.The sound effects are really superb in a headset (or not) you can almost smell the seabreeze.  ;)The detail on the farm animals ,their vocals and the rooster crows really enhances the immersion for me. But if bees buzzing and roosters crowing annoys you ...you might want to adjust your settings for the game.I recommend this game to those of you that are looking for an adventure, a smidgen of challenges and questing that requires a desire for tedious gameplay.I hope the developers will build on this first game they did and maybe put out Force of Nature 2  ."
76561198055982590,Not Recommended,568570,34943283,Posted: 13 September,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan M.D.,"Tons of potential, but many gameplay aspects totally suck enjoyment out of the gameCrafting is excessively grindy and tedius, even for a game in this genre. The most basic materials like coal or nails need an excessive amount of time and resources to make, resulting in an excessive amount of time spent grinding for materials with very little payoff.Combat seems to be a massive afterthought, which wouldnt be a problem if it didnt happen so often. can't take five steps without getting swarmed by goblins you have to fight off with in depth ""hold the left mouse button"" gameplay.Dying results in you losing a massive amount of supplies from your inventory, which again, could have taken you hours to accumilate.The leveling system is by far the worst offender, not being able to craft things even though you have all the supplies to do so is incredibly frustrating, and not being able to level up without completeing a list of arbitrary tasks which require even more grindingfor supplies and materials just adds to that.I have high hopes for this game, fantasy based survival/crafting games are almost non-existant, but as of now, it needs a lot of the kinks ironed out."
76561197989546136,Recommended,568570,30342074,Posted: 5 March,all,kevinericweber,"Man, this game is a mixed bag.  Do I think it's worth the $8 price tag?  Absolutely.  Do I think it stacks up to other similar-ish titles like Starbound or Subnautica?  No.Here's the best way of describing it: do you want a crafting game that's a bit on the ""rails""?  Because this game is definitely on ""rails"" - you've got an extremely linear progression of what you have to do, with little room for variation.  In Minecraft survival, for instance, you can within the first 2 minutes be doing any number of completely different things: sailing on an ocean, beginning a farm, mining deep under the soil, starting a ranch, etc.  This game basically requires you do all aspects before you can proceed onward.  Want to build an epic farm?  Too bad - you can't have any more seedbeds until you level up, and that level-up requires you to defeat enough monsters to get 30 gold coins and to build a cooking table.If you're up for a crafting game that's less open-ended?  You'll probably like this, especially for an extremely reasonable price tag ($8 is an awesome price for the game, which easily makes up for its gameplay irks.)If what you love in crafting games is absolute freedom?  Then this might not be what you're looking for (still, for a price tag of only $8, it might still be worth a try.)"
,Recommended,568570,33567171,Posted: 15 July,all,SpiderCamp,"I was kind of afraid I wouldn't like this game but the price was low enough I figured I'd give it a try. I'm so glad I did because it's turned out to be one of my favorites. The creators didn't get caught up in trying to over complicate things. It's a simple sandbox survival game that sates the desire to build, explore, farm, fight, and level up. HOWEVER I haven't yet felt 'forced' into doing any of the above. Some days I just hang out on my farm and make a ton of coffee. Other days I go on a killing spree in the woods around my house.It's a great, simple game that lets you play along in your favorite play style. For the price, this is a good game to have in your library."
,Recommended,568570,28946625,Posted: 2 January,all,Metul Burr,"Its such a grinding game. It closely reminds me of ""Life is Fuedal: Your Own"" except you cant do freely what you want and level what you want up. You are restricted to build things until you level up and based on quest restrictions. And leveling up takes grinding. It took me 10 hours to get to level 7.Its still good though.  I already have 10 hours in for $8...seems worth it. I dont see me replaying this solely on the fact that i would have to grind again to get where i am.You are free to go around the world, however there are higher level creatures the farther you span, and environment hazards..... that require you to grind to get better equipment.POSSIBLE SPOILER:An example would be you have to grind to upgrade your weapon to get a bronze sword which means you need bronze. But then you need to go out into the world to get the ore, which means you need to make bread to keep you alive. To make bread you need to farm wheat, make flour, produce eggs, etc. Then to keep your stamina high you need coffee, which means you need to farm coffee seeds, make coffee. But you cant do this at the same time as growing wheat, because you can have only so many crops. And thats just not to get the bronze sword, you need to do it every time you go out...when you need iron, when you need copper, when you need gold, etc. And you do need them because you need to make things based on quests, not your own interests. Also to level up you need ingots just laying around just to level up. And you do this all in your boxers/shorts, as you have yet to be able to make any clothing due to quest restriction. The only armor you have it your level armor.Its fun for awhile, but it gets too grinding."
,Recommended,568570,28461608,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Wiegraf,"This game is awesome and if you like survival / crafting games, this is fun.  In the begining you have to be wary of fighting too many foes at once, and I appreciate the ""safe"" zone along the shores.I wish this were multiplayer. Would be excellent to play alongside friends!"
,Recommended,568570,31192548,Posted: 16 April,all,The Spork of Mystery,"This game has all the right things at its core even if the surrounding things are left a bit to be desired.The core gameplay is exactly the kind of crack you get from crafting. The same thrill you get from Runescape, the slow progress of getting to do better and better things. Seeing yourself become more and more efficient, making you want the stuff you create. The progression is great, it's what makes this game so addictive.It's slow paced, single person, and you get your own satisfaction of doing your own thing. A small bonus, weirdly, is that there isn't any internet guides, so you'll have the fun of discovering things pretty much on your own. The game is easy enough to understand, but there are somethings that are frustrating which make the game that much more fun.The 3Cs are lacking (character, camera, controls), but with the core so well made that can soon be ignored. You develop the feel for it.It's not a AAA game, but the concept is perfect."
76561197984612179,Not Recommended,568570,28836906,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,strevena,"I like survival games, but stay away from this one.  It's infuriating.  Some really weak mechanics.  I am just at the threshold of level 7, a piece of Force of Nature is all I need.  I have a teleporter set up near it.  I've cleared most of the mobs, down to a few, and then have died.  I've not slept, not saved, and the mobs are respawning every so often.  Not sure if it's a timed thing or what.  This game is just too frustrating to play, weak work around mechanics that spoil what could have been a good game."
76561198311025187,Recommended,568570,28483354,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,hardcoresoftprog,"Fun game, worth the money for people who have the crafting/building/survival itch.On the bad side, it doesn't really have much survival. I can't for the life of me understand why there is food and water, but no hunger or thirst. There's temperature zones and clothing, but no changing seasons. I wish there were a greater sense of urgency, that you had to start a fire OR DIE and make food OR DIE.On the good side, it keeps you hooked with the gathering and crafting. Everything that you can do makes sense and flows in a natural way. The amount of grind seems perfectly reasonable to me so far. Between raids out in nature and trying to not get eaten by bears, and watering and feeding my animals back home and trying to get the new tools, i think there will be a few more hours of gameplay for me still."
76561198072152701,Not Recommended,568570,28824786,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kaizo,"I would try to like this game. But there are multiple things that bug me after already 15min.First is this weird angle. Why can't you change it so that you can look into the distance?Second the mouse speed. I usually have it quite high, so it bugs me that I have to ""fight"" with the low mouse-speed of the game. 3rd..... Why is the right mouse button never used? You could use it perfectly for changing the camera angle, even more so when you have some interface open. That way you don't have to close everything just to look around.If those things are cleared up, I'm willing to give a thumbs up, but for now..... I'm inbetween.EDIT: After reading through some more ideas, I think that the angle might be for low specs, but well.... at least make an option for higher-end systems so that they aren't restricted."
,Recommended,568570,28380824,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Spectre5,"tl;dr - Buy this and play it!!“Force of Nature” is an interesting game. It’s a quasi-survival, open world, RPG, adventure, crafting, and farming genre laden experience. It isn’t overly complicated and it provides just the right mix of tasks to fun. It’s casually simple in nature and I found it quite relaxing to play. I definitely recommend anyone to give it try!When you begin, you’ll start out with nothing and have to craft everything you need to get by. This idea isn’t really new or ground breaking in the world of survival type sims. However, how you survive and craft is a little different from the likes of say “Stranded Deep.” You have two bars to manage: a health bar & a stamina bar. Health depletes as you take damage from the “wildlife” and stamina depletes as you perform tasks such as chopping down trees or gathering items. To replenish these all you have to do is eat, and drink. No hunger, or thirst bars to manage. No sleeping, unless you want too. In fact sleeping isn’t even available at the start of the game, as the schematic to craft the bed doesn’t unlock until you gain a few levels. In order to gain levels you’ll have to complete tasks contained in your journal. After completing said tasks and leveling all the way up, you’ve essentially beat the game. However, you’re free to continue playing the game in a type of sandbox mode with all crafting recipes unlocked.The controls are simple, the graphics and art are well done and look good. Some of the animations can look a bit strange at times, but they work well within the simplicity of the task actions - such as digging, mining ore, etc. Currently, there is only one locked playing view. The view is in a third person perspective and is elevated directly behind the player – sort of isometric’ish, but not quite. The lack of viewing freedom and the viewing field can get a little frustrating at times, especially while trying to navigate the thick forest areas and during combat. I understand the design choice, being that there is no “fog of war” so having a free camera would probably spoil the excitement that comes with exploring the area, and foraging for materials necessary to craft. However if you get lost, there is an available mini-map to assist with navigation around the lush and dangerous world.Over all, I have to say that I am very impressed with the design of the game, as well as the gameplay. I like what the devs have done with it by thinking outside of the box and by incorporating several different gameplay mechanics into it to make it their own. I’m honestly a little shocked the game isn’t more expensive, as I think it could be. It was $7.99 USD for me. However after playing it I would’ve been happy paying more for it – if I had to, of course. It seems the developer is active on the forums and is open to suggestions on ways to better the game. Force of Nature is a promising game and I really hope the devs stay with it by continuing to add and improve upon it. Just a couple items I would like to see is; more enemy variety and a few character customization options. Overall I give Force of Nature a “Must Play”  -9/10.The Good+Robust crafting experience+Easy to learn and play+It’s not RUST+Better than RUSTThe Bad- Grasping here-Fixed camera position-Lack of enemy variety-A few English spelling & grammar errors-Some repetitive sound effects & music"
,Recommended,568570,28472171,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zreine,"Wow, great game! And for the price, I was not expecting that much! I just bough it, so I don,t have a lot of playtime now, but I am already addicted.The only constructive critism I can make right now, is that the controles and the way the menu works is really counterintuitive. Or maybe I just need time to adapt, but I really think some improvement in this would benefit the game.Other than that, I've nothing bad to say about this game. Good job! Great game, deserves to be talked about!"
,Recommended,568570,28381060,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Rastommy77,Good game. I feel like Robinson Crusoe. Needs more camera options though.
,Not Recommended,568570,35146269,Posted: 23 September,all,Thanatos,"Tedious.... TEE-DEE-USI read another review that said it got boring very quickly. I thought I didn't mind the complex survival/build/strategy type games so I could overcome a degree of 'boring'... but ouch. It gets boring very quickly.VERY nice looking game. Love the free look, movement and graphics. The GUI is clean and friendly enough (Although why I have to 'take all' for items i built with my own hands.. I have to take them off myself before I can use them? Really?) however the system for finding and obtaining recipes seems long winded. Multiple clicks to get to what you need just helps make the game boring quicker. I found that the fog of war some people are complaining about to be pefectly fine, could be stretched out a bt further but meh.The heirachy system of building items is very good and very complex so if you like a good depth of options and different constructions this is a pretty sweet little time waster.Unfortunately for me it just felt like that, a time waster. The tedious amount of work required to get to the higher levels of the construction heirachy are painfully laborious. I didn't even get to the first palm leaf hut before I was wondering how I could put up with the collection of the resources required to build a proper wood or brick house! For example the first basic hut requires something like 20 logs, 40 sticks (I think?), 50 palm leafs... among other things like nails (which I can't even be bothered to explain the process to get to them!). To put this in perspective, to obtain palm leaves you either kick a palm tree or chop one down. Going with kicking seems sensible so you don't kill your resource. Kicking ten times gives about 1-4 leaves. So walking around to every palm tree, kicking, collecting, move, repeat, it takes some time to get that basic resource... you see where I'm going.I imagine once you get your systems in place it would work out streamlined but I could see by the scarce rocky outcrops and the little metals they yeilded meant that travelling far and wide to collect higher end resources was going to grind me down. That was when I pulled the pin.Combat.... is just awkward and pointless. There should be an option to switch of foes (maybe there is I didn't go that far into it)I wanted to like the game and I certainly do like aspects of it but it is just too tedious. It's more like a job than a game."
76561198006845803,Not Recommended,568570,30931476,Posted: 3 April,all,ArcaneLegion,"To start off, Unless you like to be railroaded down your quest line with literally Zero Freedom this is not the game for you.Also as most others have said, the camera angles are fixed in an almost top down but not, can't zoom, while your character is stuck bottom center. The combat is dull at best, if you have a good enough weapon and more hp than the enemies then you win if not you run or die, almost no skill involved, which i could say about the whole game."
,Recommended,568570,34391992,Posted: 21 August,all,nothing,"I originally bought this game when it was considered early access and there was no multiplayer. I've watched the game grow to where it is today, and continue to watch it progress into something bigger and better. I remember originally playing and thinking man I wish there was multiplayer, and soon enough multiplayer was added.The game's concept is not unique. It's a grind heavy semi-sandbox game that mixes a few weird although surprisingly refreshing elements like goblins and portals.I say semi-sandbox because when not playing in the creative mode you take on the story mode which is more or less a glorified tutorial where with each level up you unlock a few more things to craft. The story is sparse and not really much to go on about however that's not a real pain because the game has the creative mode with everything unlocked.The camera angle is new and eccentric. It's a top down third person perspective that is definitely new compared to most first person sandbox survival games. It feels almost like the camera of a MMORPG like Runescape, and while I've seen some complain about the angle it's definitely a positive point for me. It's new and deviates from the usual pattern other developers do when creating a sandbox game, which I likeIn multiplayer you can only play with your steam friends, so no open to the public servers for now. You are also tethered to your multiplayer partner(s) so you can only go so far from each other. The length of the tether is pretty large though and it hasn't put a damper on my gameplay, but it's personal preference. I have had some problems with multiplayer and being stuck on connecting and transferring files between each other but the developer released a couple updates and now that problem is fixed and the loading screen has a percentage on it.I would like to give a ton of props to the developer, Artem. He's a one man team who has been working diligently on releasing updates and bettering his game. He's very active in the discussions for his game and you can hands down tell he cares about his game and his player base.If you like grinding and sandbox games, I recommend this wholeheartedly. It's not perfect, but it's getting there and it blows my mind with how much work and effort just one guy has put into this game."
76561197978081139,Recommended,568570,28434154,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Against the Board-Dom,"This is my first time for a game of this type, so I have no experiences to compare this game to.I dig it.  I guess I'm a bit more forgiving when it comes to a game's idiosyncrasies, but the camera angle some people don't like doesn't bother me; I just accept it as part of the game.  I've yet to play it with yesterday's patch, so I might amend this later.There's always something you could be doing to gain resources while waiting on something to be completed craft or buildwise, and you'll need everything you find at one point or another.  If I had to find something negative, I'd have to say the fighting just seems like taking turns whacking one another, rather than your levels and experience helping you with some misses every once in a while (on both sides, if applicable).  The taming process is a bit of a pain, but I remember what a time Rocky had with trying to catch a chicken, so that's most likely just my inexperience with this style game.Overall, great job, developers!  I'm really enjoying the balance between the Zen of gathering resources, and the sheer panic when trying to catch an animal, or fighting a group of goblins.  The price is a steal, as well.  10/10 for the blending of genres, and the great gameplay and pleasing artwork."
,Recommended,568570,29955857,Posted: 15 February,all,Mekranil,"I rarely review games, but feel pretty strongly about this one, so here is my two cents:The game is heavily crafting based, loosely survival based. While it is a ""survival"" type of game, you dont die of hunger, dehydration, etc. You will not die if you don't eat every 5 minutes or drink. There are monsters that can kill you, and after I have played for 5 hours, that's the only cause of death I have found.That being said, I personally love the crafting in the game. Some people say it is too ""guided"" with the level system, but I disagree. The level system essentially gives you objectives of certain new items to craft that help you progress in the game and get further. You can go farm materials as much as you want eventually, and build fenced in farms, etc.Overall, I find the game extremely relaxing. It's a nice game to chill and play in the evenings and craft up your base, etc. The ""soundtrack"" is nature sounds, which to me is a huge plus and just makes the game even more relaxing.TL;DR: Overall, if you like crafting games and aren't looking for something too hardcore on the survival side, I highly suggest this game. Very underrated title IMO."
76561198125204859,Recommended,568570,33562739,Posted: 15 July,all,belgiumellises,"Invisible wall - invisible wall - I sure do hope - you like invisible walls.  Because they're everywhere.  I think navigating the landscape is likely the most challenging thing about this game.  That hill is too steep, but the one right next to it, which looks the same angle, isn't.  Ok.  Then the trees and bushes are in your way.  You chop them down, collect the stuff, now you got too much stuff.  Now storage becomes an issue.  Where do I put all this crap?  Build some chests and barrels.  Ok.  But now that's an ever creeping problem.  Bah - I really dislike invisible walls and storage stress as part of a games 'challenge'.That said, after 30 hours I'm still enjoying it.  Mostly."
,Recommended,568570,28357206,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Civilized Hitman,"25 hours into the game1) Graphics wise- simple but vauled for money map looks tacky though.2) Early in the game tried to kill a rabbit but it just runs off way faster than i can attack it.A little frustrating but I guess I'll be able to kil it later.3) The quests helps to get you going in the right direction.4) Stamina recovers quite slowly though. And theres only one fixed camera view.5)The background nature soundtrack has calming / hypnotizng effects  not sure if thats good or bad.6) The crafting menus are simple and easy to learn.7) Should have a keyboard function to harvest stuff instead of having to click the harvest option in inventory menu.8) Perhaps should include some skill trees. / skill tree map to show the unlockable stuff like wood work, mining, fishing etc which will allow for more challenge and reward systems like the over all leveling up.9) Perhaps including a gender selection would be nice?10) the collection of crafted items seems to be abit of a time wasting hassle which can be improved on.11) Please make seeds for trees #SAVE THE EARTH12)Throwable spears made from wood would be nice too.Overall for a game that only launched on 13 Dec 2016 and I'm playing it in the 2nd day.The developers have been actively updating the game. well done!!""This a promising title for crafting sandbox games.""""Love the title (force of nature) simple yet impactful.""""Graphics worth the money so far.""""Has impressed me by how much they already have to offer on their first day of release, manage to get me hoping to see more promising updates in the near future.""""DEFINITELY A GOOD CRAFTING GAME WORTH THE $$$$$"""
76561198014194786,Recommended,568570,29248305,Posted: 14 January,all,WyvernLP,Different type of survival. It's grindy but that is something that i like. It has a wierd camera angle but it's not that bad it just restricts your field of view (the camera is angled top down with a bit of a tilt).
,Recommended,568570,28569911,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Leyef,"I waited to see if this game would go on sale for Christmas and when it didn't, I bought it anyways.  The game is cheap enough and I have been watching it since release.  I have noticed that when people bring up small issues that they would like to see changed, it only takes less than a week before the change is made.  So, if you are unsure if you should get the game, I highly suggest buying it.  The game is cheap and the development is constant.  Even if nothing else is done to this game, I am 100% pleased with the full price game.  Thank you and Merry Christmas everyone!"
76561197984221489,Recommended,568570,29380456,Posted: 20 January,all,Warpath,"Very relaxing fun game. Well worth the $8. The camera & controls are a little strange. But once you get used to them its not that bad. I dont understand why people give this a thumbs down. For the price this is a good game. Build anywhere on the map and the ""grind"" some people talk about is not that bad. It is not a ""survival"" game where you have to eat or drink. (some people complained about this) You eat to regain stam. not to stay alive. BUY it , you will not be sorry you did."
76561197972039165,Recommended,568570,28554670,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Penny Lee,"A nice crafted game, the only bugs I have seen are the ones that bite and poisen you.    Love the crafting/building/harvesting side,  Would like more things to make/build but ok as it stands and will give you value for money ar far as play time goes."
,Recommended,568570,30330678,Posted: 4 March,all,wilmerding,"I wish to enthusiastically recommend this game to anyone who loves to play a single character (against the AI, as it were).You will like this game if you enjoy your character advancing through levels of skill and power to the point where he can beat any of the foes in the game. Sorry, but there is no female character option, and to be fair to my fellow gamers who are female, there certainly should be!You will LOVE this game if you enjoy building a 'home base' and figuring out production efficiencies for the materials and equipment your character uses in the game ... ALL of which he has to manufacture for himself!This game leaves enough to the intelligent player to figure out for him or herself. Play it if you want a challenge, because 'beating' this game is anything but easy! And I predict you will take personal pride in your accomplishments in this GREAT game, 'Force of Nature'! My congratulations go out to the developer(s) ... I have been playing computer games since the mid 1980s, and I am very hard to please!"
76561198008391856,Recommended,568570,31211887,Posted: 17 April,all,Bifi1982,"One of the best survival ive ever played (for a low prize game).First off all. In game looks much beter than in the trailer screenshot.Its a fantasy survival mix third person. Fight mysteries creatures like Goblins and many other. You can build your own Village with farm and tame animals build a lot of constructions like a kitchen with lots of recepice by and with crafting tools.Craft weapons armor on the smith. Right now its Single player whitch means no stupid hackers.Actualy they work on Multiplayer patch.This game is a must have for everyone who like survival, crafting and fantasy.Ive play a lot of survival games like The forrest, Ark ,How to survive, State of decay, Stompingland, Dayz,and many more... Most of those full of hackers guess mmo..Of curse its not my number 1 of all survivals but its low prize and its kinda selution for all those people who want to play a great survival without geting sad of hackers. 100% would buy again.3 Languages aviable now.English Russia German.Devs still work on it.So both thumps up  for this good game."
,Not Recommended,568570,30756614,Posted: 26 March,all,remyzzzzz,Grindy game. Some might like.  What needs to be redone is UI. User interface is very tedious. There is no steam cloud save support. Lost my week long saves :(
76561198339404058,Recommended,568570,31469250,Posted: 30 April,all,jenackley70,i love this game....but since i am a female...would love to have my person as a female and not a man...2nd thing...the stamia  goes too fast when you are doing things or even killing things....which in turn causes you to be killed as well....3rd thing is the traps you get to make in the beginning...i had to use 3 to catch a hen but i have used over 10 traps to catch the rooster and still didnt catch it yet.....so these are some things i would love to see change a little to make this the outstanding game i know it to be...will tell others about it...and its lots of fun
,Recommended,568570,31470174,Posted: 30 April,all,(-WCG-)Ghost,After roughly 11 hours playing the game I have to give it a Yes.It's actually pretty fun and calming. The ambient music is very soothing as well. There are a few things which might put people off like the camera but for those of us who grew up playing isometric games it's nothing big. Definitely a good game to relax with and build/craft.
,Recommended,568570,28645532,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MrFlipside,"Bought this on an impulse when I saw it in my recommended list, and I must say, I'm not dissapointed.Yes, the game is 'grindy', it's kind of point of these sorts of games, to do the dull tasks to get the good stuff, but the game works in such a way as you can set the pace, how quickly you work your way up through the levels, or whether you simply choose to stockpile a load of basic level stuff first is up to you.Visually, the game is appealing enough, not a massive fan of the non-tiltable camera, since I actually find myself craning my neck to look under the top of the monitor, but you DO get used to it. Audio is fine, though I seemed to get hit by 'surprise music' when I ventured into the desert earlier, which seemed kind of odd after hours of ambience.Gameplay is well-paced, you can control your own speed of advancement, and removing resources locally as you grow means your base is more exposed to the nearby creatures, so there's still work to do there, and the portal system means you don't have to constantly walk back and forth across the map.There are some things I'd like to see, though some in-game stuff may simply not be unlocked yet, I'd like a bit more control over world generation, and maybe a way to automate some processes (though, as I say, the tech may simply not be unlocked yet).I suppose if I were to describe the 'feel' of the game, I'd say it's a production/hunting/farming game (not really survival) that plays a tiny bit like Diablo or Titan Quest, at least I get that vibe from it. It's not a game for action freaks, but if you want a moderately relaxing game that you can invest a bit of time in and explore at your own pace, you could certainly do worse."
76561197995095625,Recommended,568570,29076499,Posted: 6 January,all,Glen,"I don't often write reviews, but this game certainly warrents it, I saw a review/play through of the game on youtube and wanted it straight away, and at under £6 it's certainly worth it.There's plenty to do and it's very easy to lose a few hours (5 hours first time) to the grind, there's a lot of grind, but it's not hard, or boring, there's a lot of menu's and clicking through things, but if you like building and crafting, it's great, the combat (only seen animals and goblins to date) seems simple enough and not too much of a challenge, but I couldn't kill a rabbit if my life depended on it.The quests seem simple enough too, some building, crafting,  and killing, all in all a nice walk through tutorial style.My only quibble with the game is the only view you get, top down, which take's a bit of getting used to, and I would prefer a slightly longer range view.But, I'd certainly recommend this game."
,Recommended,568570,28396862,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,jmon027,Very good game especially if your a survival game lover. Only downside is the massive grind and the auto save its saves way to much it even crashed my game during an auto save. Give us players an option to turn off the auto save and put in a button to save without exiting the game instead of just the save and exit button.
,Recommended,568570,29615648,Posted: 31 January,all,Instinct,"Woah, that was 50 hours already?! Just finished the game, good god. Well it's my first review so im gonna keep it short:Pros:- Beautiful world- Nice but yet a bit incomplete crafting system- Skillful and difficoult, but if too hard grind can compromise the lack of skills- Dying doesn't feel too punishing yet you wanna avoid it- Easy to understand, difficoult to master. You really need some creativity or tons of grinding for pots to beat some chunks of enemiesCons:- Killing enemies doesnt feel rewarding enough, since there is nothign such as EXP. Plus the drops feel a bit weak aswell. The coins appear to be fun at first like a currency, sadly all u gonna do with them is melting them for material... Please do a seperate leveling system by killing stuff next to the progress with the quests... where you can specialize your char and customize his stats! WE WANT!- No Coop. Really hope thats gonna happen... This is one of those games in which you really wish you could play with friends...- Too Grindy during the last 2 Levels... Thing is, this game isnt too complex, so grinding easily feels monotoneus. Would add more stuff to craft like e.g. enchanting equip´ment or being able to upgrade it or smth would bring more variety into this. Maybe even more types of arrows like frosting arrows etc.- Camera might get you frustrated, but you get used to it. At start it was depressive not being able to tilt the cam... I get why, but really hope its getting at least a bit more dynamic.All in all, watch some gameplay. If it appears okay to you, then get it, because its a decent game and all its flaws are basicly being too simple and in early access after all. If the devs keep on adding more good stuff and get that cam more dynamic and support online mode (at least coop if no pvp aswell), we would have a fantastic game worth every penny."
76561198011611768,Recommended,568570,33549502,Posted: 14 July,all,Thorn,"Gimme a working space bar, a working shift key, 4 players campaign and increased limit of distance between players, than I'm entirely happy!"
,Recommended,568570,28992539,Posted: 3 January,all,Sir_Salmon,"The game is still early access, and there are a lot of factors to consider. Here are some things I'd love to see, however.- An optional Hunger/Thirst meter (Thirst would be taken care of early-game by Coconuts.)- More options for the camera angle. The distant view is a bit annoying at times, hard to see ahead of you or behind you. What would be great is a zoomed in 3rd person and 1st person.- Less grind when it comes to Coal requirements for metal. Bronze is the earliest metal you can work on armor-wise, and total, it costs 25 coal to make 1 bronze ingot (5 for the tin and copper, 15 for the alloy), and the wood -> coal converter carries 50 coal, which also takes forever to make. Now, an iron ingot costs 5 coal, and iron is more mid-game than Bronze. You can make five times as much iron than bronze with 50 coal. The game should be increasingly grindy as you progress, but it jumps up and down. Because Steel requires a grand total of 30 coal per ingot, which, in my opinion, should be lowered along with bronze. And I question the realism of glass needing a higher temperature (more coal) than ore to smelt, but I'm not really informed, so don't quote me on that.- The amount of pelt used for clothes is also a bit too high, in my opinion.I really do like this game, though, despite the grind. As it's still early access, there's a lot of content to come, which I'm excited for. More content, naturally, makes the game have more of an objective and options so far as progression goes.EDIT: Game eventually becomes more frustrating than fun."
,Not Recommended,568570,29097553,Posted: 7 January,all,Cook66,"This game plays like 10-15 year old RPG. This isn't always a bad thing, there are plenty of great games from that era, this howeverThe graphics are really bad, the menus are terrible, the camera is locked at a weird, bad angle probably to hide the limits of the engine to render things far away.The game progresses as a never ending tutorial, you can't do anything other than going through a handheld list of do this to unlock that, then do that. The entire game is monotunus and clunky.I really enjoy these kind of games, but nothing about Force of Nature lives up to the promises of the genre."
,Not Recommended,568570,34561876,Posted: 28 August,all,NycoFox,"This game has a lot of potential, but I can sadly not reccomend it in its current state.A few things need to be fixed first:- Render distance, you can't see more than 20 or 30 meters ahead before the fog sets in.- Controls are clunky and not very friendly- You can't move very far away from each other in multiplayer- There's way too much grinding to get the materials you need to craftHowever, I hope these things will be fixed in later patches, and then I'll gladly reccomend the game. It has a sort of The Sims Castaway feel to it."
,Recommended,568570,30082330,Posted: 21 February,all,MFDOOM,"I had written a review of this game a few days after the release, now it's been out for sometime and i wanted to do a new review.People complained about the camera angle, the devs changed it.People complained about looting being tedious, the devs added a ""loot all"" option.People complained about the gated leveling/crafting system, the devs added an entire new mode that removed those restrictions.Get what i'm heading towards here? These guys not only created a great game, they continue to listen to feedback from the community and added changes the community wants. Since release there's been a new update/patch almost every week that either fixes a bug or improves upon the game in some way.While the game may seem bland or shallow, it's far from it. It has a very indepth and intricate crafting system, a big area to explore and wonder, and a really pleasing building function. You can tame animals, grow plants, harvest your own foods, and build yourself a nice little home."
76561198013724453,Recommended,568570,29186185,Posted: 11 January,all,Blaze1961,"This game is more of a time and resource management game than a sandbox rpg. There is no survival elements at all other than staying alive if you want. Dying doesn't have any real consequence other than loosing a few inventory items and at times letting yourself die is advantagious.  This game is a time sink and one of the grindiest games out there but that is not saying it is bad. Contrary, it is a very addictive game the grind is done well but could use a few minor balancing tweaks.   If you are looking for a crafting/building/survival game this is not it. Even though it has those elements they are extremely limited and are only there to get you to the next level.  The developers are not active in the Steam forums and that leaves a lot of guessing on where/when/what is planned for this game. As far as I know the game is out of Early Access and no major changes are expected.  Hope this review helps a you make an informed decision on the purchase.  I have over 100 hours in the game and really enjoy it for what it is.﻿"
76561197996104527,Recommended,568570,33507883,Posted: 13 July,all,Bohn,"I really have enjoyed this game. I purchased this game on a weekend to do multiplayer with my two adolescent sons, at the time of writing  this you can only do two players in ""survival mode"" and 4 players in the ""creative mode"" the only real difference I noticed was every thing was unlocked to build and no quests which I don't recall having any rewards, the quests seem to be like a tutorial kind of guidance. I really enjoy the game though and think it is an amazing value, could easily be worth more.Ps I have a hard time having the discipline not to build unlimited buildings or the best items right away in ""creative mode"" but since you have to grind out the resources, it's not that over powered."
76561198041114748,Recommended,568570,31434685,Posted: 29 April,all,Ajitto,The game is good for beginners who is new to an open world survival crafting game. It gives players a basic understanding on how a survival crafting game is about. The quest is understandable and easy to follow as it takes you to one level at a time to progress throughout the game. One of the great features is to have monsters to fight with you when hunting or gathering. The resources are limted though for it cannot grow or respawn anything what uhave gathered or cut down. So use your resources wisely. A good deal for $8 for the features that it has.
76561198062096065,Recommended,568570,33531572,Posted: 14 July,all,Darkonox,"This game is fantastic, there is no end to what you can do! Go out in the wild, explore, mine, Hunt, These are all amazing passtimes if your a lover of games like this, if these things are not for you, youve got the wrong game.7+ Hours of playing and i cant wait to wake up tommorow and play some more"
76561198016501753,Recommended,568570,33628401,Posted: 18 July,all,Catbones,"I caught Force of Nature on sale for $6 bucks, and grabbed it to give it a try.  What a lucky find!I'm 90 hours into FoN, and still having a great time with it!You can nitpick the little things, like the camera view is a little odd compared to a lot of 3rd person games, but the game is chocked full of fun!Money well spent right here, this game is great!"
76561198046510415,Recommended,568570,28363126,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dirtystuff,"okay, first of all i hate this game! why? i didnt realise how much time i spent on it! because it is so good! its pricing and the gameplay? man i would actually pay more but keep the pricing that way because i want people to play more of this and hopefully the devs are motivated to improve and implement more on this game, although i have only played 3 hours of this game, i am amazed on the crafting system and the wide variety of stuff that i can craft. this is an absolutely amazing idea to mix rpg amd survival sandbox together. DEVS IF YOU'RE READING THIS, i hope you know that i love this game, and hope you will continue on growing this game. its a great game to kill time with and i recommend anybody who reads this to try it out. i had second thoughts at 1st but i have no other games to play, so imma try this out and im glad i did. and also add multiplayer in so i can play with my friends."
76561198093176119,Recommended,568570,28357812,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jms,Really good for $8. People complaining about UI and no need to eat/drink/clothes havent played enough yet to need them. This is already a decent start to a really good survival RPG and I can't wait to see what the devs have planned for it next.
76561198353090418,Recommended,568570,28448599,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,magelensudupe,"I love the game, it's very entretaining. I wish the developers continue adding more stuff. Really, really fun to play it if you like these type of games and would recomend it 100%."
76561198000538414,Recommended,568570,34553907,Posted: 28 August,all,crpgnut,"Force of Nature is a laid back survival game that starts off slowly and never reaches the hectic pace of its competitors. This is a great game to relax with and just build yourself a life. The campaign mode is quite linear. You'll build a rope, a campfire, a knife, etc. After a few days you may wander from your beach home and encounter a monster or two and some natural predators. Don't expand too fast or get too far from your base at first. Build first, then explore. Stock up so that you can build later too. Fun game!"
76561198149413594,Recommended,568570,35111962,Posted: 21 September,all,lokilog,"This is a wonderful game with lots of potential.I understand why some people don't like the game because they say that there is a lot of grinding and after a while it becomes boring. Now, I'm not saying that what they're saying is completely false, I'm just saying that it's not completely true.First of all, you have to remember that game is still receiving content updates. When I first bought the game, there was no fishing and no multiplayer mode. The devs are active and they are very keen on adding more content.Finally, if this were a $30 game, then I would expect a lot more from it. But it only costs $7.99! This isn't the type of game where you grind for a month straight. It's the kind of game that you play for a few days, play something else for a while, and then play again. It's like a nice 'side game' that's good for playing once in a while."
,Recommended,568570,29051366,Posted: 5 January,all,Silberling,"For 8 € you get a really awesome game. I am missing some survival parts here, like hunger and thirst, that would be really nice. I hope that will be some interesting things to discover. I really do recommend playing this game if you like some action adventure rpg like games. Pace is pretty slow so you can relax very well while playing. Only thing I dislike so far is, that you can't move houses and the portal around. I'd like to do that because I like to restructure everything while unlocking new things."
76561198039164605,Recommended,568570,29078455,Posted: 6 January,all,Aviona,"This game is good, a bit slow but i dont mind slower pace for crafting and stuff, but it is a grind for the recources, but if you like casual crafting game with some combat in it then its a good relaxing game mostly, and for those saying you have to have the menu open to gather resources all you have to do is hold space bar down then click the resources, it explains what to do quite well"
,Recommended,568570,28353522,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,CritikillNick,"The game is great! Sure its got mediocre graphics but they're not the highlight anyway. Progression is in these crafting survival games and this game has it in spades! Each upgrade is an obvious increase to your survivability. The only two ""survival"" stats are health and stamina, neither of which are difficult to manage and death only results in a few items being lost (a permadeath mode can be unlocked it seems). Seeing your base go from a shack and a fire to a spiked fortress filled with animals is incredibly fun and Ill be coming back to this one for a while.Something that does need to be mentioned is the controls take a bit of getting used to. You are set on a high third person camera right behind your character which is very jarring (even possibly annoying) at first. Holding space allows you to pick stuff up with the mouse or interact with items which feels very ""stop and start"" since you control the turning of your character when not holding space. This would be a pretty big con EXCEPT you can just hit ctrl to grab stuff. At this point I'm completely used to it and find the controls to be fine.I'm normally hesitant with these indie type games but for $8 I highly recommend this one. It takes a little to start but once it gets going you'll find yourself spending a lot of time with it."
76561198165508065,Recommended,568570,32395696,Posted: 13 June,all,katienbinky,"just what i was looking for without knowing it, if you like slow and steady progress games with clear goals and a focus and stragtegy you have to work out for yourself then this game is for you, and at £5.59 you can't go wrong"
,Recommended,568570,32732696,Posted: 24 June,all,Ol Spice,This game is so much fun to play. I dont have that much time put into it but from the knowledge that ive gotten from this game and how it plays it's a very fun game to play
76561198014196104,Recommended,568570,33173739,Posted: 3 July,all,Calixtus,"For the few £ I spent it has been a great game.50 hours in and my thoughts are as follows.  Not played sandbox yet so this is only for levelling and currently level 10.  Initially I found the crafting clunky and it took a while to get used to.   The hard caps to stop you levelling are annoying, Early levels you have to go kill goblins to get your gold coins and later levels have to kill stuff to get your gem chips.  Having to kill stuff to level annoyed me but i can see why the dev did it this way.   At the start I found the goblins a bit of a weird addition to a crafting/exploration game but you get used to it and some of the later monsters I found quite fun.Annoying to have to craft a set of clothing for basically a new area and to level.  I can see the rationale behind it but going from a tropical +35 to a -5 area in a matter of a few strides seems a bit weird.   Not sure why the dev capped certain buildings in the levelling mode to me if I want to build 10 wells to sort my water problem out I should be able to.  I am hoping sandbox mode allows this.That aside the game is laid back for the most part and is well balanced and I have had fun playing it.  Grindy in places it still gives a sense of achivement and I am hopeful that the dev keeps up his great work.  As a left hander who never got to grip with WASD great to see controls can be changed and you can run it in windows mode just remember to use the escape key before going out to windows.  This could turn into a classic game.  Once I finish the main game I am looking forward to see how sandbox goes."
76561198155436794,Recommended,568570,34399860,Posted: 21 August,all,WolfDee,"I brought this game the other day after reading reviews on it. Being just £6 i thought it was worth it as i love the genre. I like survival and craft games but i was not sure whether this would live up to the quality you'd except as some survival games nowadays are just following a trend and are'nt very great once you've played them but after playing this game when i should of been going to bed as i thought id try it out well lets just say 4 hours later in the early hours of the morning i was glad i brought this game. Ive only played it a total of 6 hours so far but i feel this game lives up to its genre.You start being stranded on a beach and wonder how you got there then it literally throws you into survival mode, giving you quests and level ups along the way. Its quite fun if you like this type of game and i like how you can keep and farm animals but a word of warning never tame a sheep (any animal) near goblins....lets just say i had attack alerts going off constantly while i chased a group of goblins round who were chasing my sheep round, then the boars decided to join in....it did'nt end well and looked like something you'd watch while listening to the benny hill theme. My sheep however did survive and after a few attempts recused and brought back to my hut!The only negative thing i can say is that my worst enemy of the game is copper ingots! Omg they are annoying to make.Other then that if you like survival crafting games, give this game a try, you should'nt be dissappointed!My opinion: 8/10.Have a lovely day =]"
76561197987733274,Recommended,568570,28686636,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,alexsamuraiuuu,"Hidden gem of crafting/sandbox genre, very simple controls, not too complex crafting systems that tie early tier resources to later game. Combat is nothing amazing but some basic spacing and timing elements are in there, the focus and main fun of combat is to get yourself geared up in order to further progres into tougher/richer areas.Lastly, the sandbox experience has a thread put through via the ""quest system"" or rather, a general direction one should take in order to advance in level, but more importantly, to get access to higher tier crafting that'll make previous challenges to now be possible to overcome. Very good bargain for 8 EUR."
76561198033438541,Recommended,568570,29311195,Posted: 16 January,all,Potjiekos,"Just finished the game. If you like lots of crafting, some fighting, loads of base building and farming then you may enjoy this game. That being said, it is very very very grindy- building and crafting takes a variety of materials which you'll spend most of the game collecting. In-game content could use a bit of tweaking (ie wells refilling to a more reasonable amount- I think I spent around a third of the game getting water for crops, cooking, livestock. Very slow and somewhat frustrating as the well only refills to 4 units and even with 6 wells at the end I was still short on water) Oddly there's also no way at present to destroy items so after a while you end up with a pile of old gear, assorted junk and a ton of wheat seeds strewn all over the place.If you're keen on combat then you may not like this. Your character is very squishy and the wilderness is populated by plenty of monsters who hit a lot harder than you do. Very basic click to whack something with a sword and see if you or it dies first. No skills, nothing fancy, stuff your face with food to recover health and stamina. Combat may be a bit difficult for first time players. Armour doesn't provide much in the way of protection and even wearing the endgame gear I had to duck behind trees and bushes in order to survive pulling more than one mob at a time. Your weapons, while they don't have durability or need repairing, don't do much damage so expect to spent a lot of time poking bears with swords and getting mauled. Part of the game involves killing large numbers of enemies guarding quest-related rocks (which you mine for Force of Nature shards needed to craft said FoN) and you'll spend a lot of time cutting and chopping narrow paths through flora and fauna to survive any kind of combat- most mobs can't slip through small spaces so despite aggro they're unable to reach you. This sounds a bit odd but if you play the game for a bit you'll understand.Most of your time though will be spent building up your base so you can craft better gear, farm more ingredients and cook a mountain of food that you'll end up going through each time you venture out into the forest. No rushing headlong into battle, you'll need to plan ahead and prepare before getting into a fight. I think I ended up eating around 500 apple pies towards the end.Hoping that there will be more content updates in the future but for $9 it offers a fair amount of gameplay and so long as you're ok with grinding a whole bunch I'd say it's worth getting."
76561197970544707,Recommended,568570,29890125,Posted: 12 February,all,IWearFancyPants,"Great game.  Just exploring your area and chopping down brush and trees to get through is a blast.  It is grindy, but if you like farming for X to make Y to make Z, it can be very enjoyable.  Decent pace to it too."
,Recommended,568570,29148010,Posted: 9 January,all,Hannibal,"I would realy like to love this game and I recommend playing this game but there are quite some design issues with this game:* first of all this game has this artificial barriers of progress. U need lots of grinding to get a level (levels are needed to progress - gain access to better equiptment, buildings etc.)* the whole interface is rather not intuiitive. pressing [leer] to get access to buildings / farmable ressources? sorry there are better ways* aiming isnt very easy, in my oppinion there should be an autoaim, because ammunition is expensive and a lot of creeps tend to run away* there should be some kind of automation, like for coal, crops etc.The whole game gets from me like a 5,5 from 10 but still - for that price I recommend to guy it."
76561198175990243,Recommended,568570,28765341,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dwarfsbane,"The game is OK, there are bugs which can be annoying.Combat sucks. Combat sucks, yeah I typed it twice it is that bad.The game is quest driven, to level up you need to complete set quests, which entails lots of farming for pelts, and other mats.There is very little to build in the game, and it all has level requirements, see above.Designed this way because there is very little to do in the game. You will end up growing food to go and fight some mobs, rinse and repeat. Get enough mats to finish that levels quests, level up, and start all over again doing the same thing every level.You cannot design and construct your own buildings which would be a great improvement, hopefully the game will get better with new patches.Old equipment gets thrown on the floor, there is no way to destroy or recycle old stuff. Too many logs, not a problem, just leave them on the floor, they do not dissapear, however, the bloody fur set of clothes I made magically dissapeared from the chest they were stored in.Right, some parts of the game are poorly designed and suck, I wish there was a sandbox mode even with the limited gameplay that would give you. At the current price I would buy the game again, just beacuse it is cheap and I hope the game will improve in the future."
,Recommended,568570,28354563,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,liftgramford23,Worth every penny. Just buy it!
76561198087210449,Recommended,568570,28362942,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,N4t4niell,Realy good survival-craft-rpg game. It is not early-acces and low price !!! Don ´t think and buy ! :)
76561198039158408,Recommended,568570,28480048,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Blarn,"G'day all, first review 5 years after installing Steam!  This game is a pretty good investment so far.  Cheap enough to risk the 8 bucks and I have already got 6 hours out of it.  I must admit that some of that time was spent wondering how to get sticks after the initial sticks were used.Force of Nature feels claustrophobic due to the very limited camera angle and control method - maybe this is intentional but I struggled with it.  The devs really need to make this a bit more flexible as I think this will be the thing that disappoints most players.  Maybe it is me, but I found it hard to get to the goblins - I had to chop things down to do this which used up stamina and made me vulnerable when I finally stumbled on to 4 goblins at once.  The spelling and grammar in the game are quite often incorrect but maybe only old farts like me care about that.Give this game a whirl if you like sandbox survival games, it is fun and there seems to be a fair bit of content that I have not yet even approached.  Force of Nature has a lot of potential that I hope is not left to rot."
,Recommended,568570,28352937,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ayamechan26,"fun little game.at first the controls take some getting used to, and sometimes the instructions are not clear, but man is this a fun little game!!im looking forward to seeing where thisgoes, and will be playing for many months to come.  well worth the $8 i paid for it."
76561198023197403,Recommended,568570,28525267,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BlackNeko06,"Yes. YES! This is the game I was looking for.Simple gameplay, easy controls, freedom to what you want, when you want, and go crazy with the crafting.It let's you explore, make your own story - almost like minecraft, but more focused on realistic crafting and harvesting than moving blocks around.It may be more realistic, with starting off making a stone knife and rope with flint and palm fronds and then make your way up from there, but still has fantasy with goblins and teleporters.And the price is just right. From all the disappointments I kept getting trying to find a good building/crafting game ... I finally found it!"
76561198016638391,Recommended,568570,28537199,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,LittleCookie(aka WIZZ),This game is fun and addictive. I like that you have to do the quests as they are given or you can't proceed. Each quest is learning to craft another item. It really expands on alot of things to harvest as the items to make are all being compiled in order to build a home and farm your land. There are lots of other things too but why spoil it for you. LOL
76561198034102068,Recommended,568570,30524638,Posted: 15 March,all,Drosta,"First impression, it's a decent game. I can see myself having fun with it for a little while.  We'll see if it holds up into the 10's of hours.  100's almost for sure not.  Cons:  I will join the bandwagon and complain about 2 things right off the bat, the camera angle cannot be controlled and it bugs the hell out of me, it's perched at an awkward bird'seye view and the only alternative is a straight top down.  boo.  the second thing is the UI is a little cumbersome to work with, but at the time of this review I've enjoyed playing it."
76561198110082224,Recommended,568570,28360331,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dougal D,"Nice game for £5, would like to have more rotation on the camera angles zoom in and out, the audio does pop and crackle now and then, apart from that, keep up the good work."
,Not Recommended,568570,35191115,Posted: 24 September,all,ScorpusVarro,"Wow, suck city. The worst part? Combat and Traps. Don't even bother with this one."
76561198129623561,Recommended,568570,28488014,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,geneomead,"Excellent game.... that will only get better!Can't stop playing.   Mobs, hundreds of things to craft, quests (like a built-in tutorial),  etc.If you think this is another nice-looking Minecraft, forget it.  This goes WAY beyond what MC (even w/mods) ever thought about.Just get it.You have no idea what you're missing."
76561197993681356,Recommended,568570,28390062,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Pugilist,Good game and very good dev support
76561198114229036,Recommended,568570,29975419,Posted: 16 February,all,bloodwill76,I love the Game and would love to see things added to make it even better than it already is
76561198034345171,Recommended,568570,28380381,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,lemmy,Nice fun game with allot of crafting options and crafting menus that are easy to use .There are litle quests you need to do for leveling up and they also work like a sort of tutorial.Graphics are nice and the sounds do add enough to make the game feel more alive.The game seems to run very smooth with only a small hickup when it autosaves but nothing dramatic.Sofar i also did not encounter any bug in the six hours i played it.Only downsides are the combat that is a bit simple and the camera angle . However after playing for a while the last seems to be getting used to.If you like survival type games or if your on a budget this title could be worth picking up
,Recommended,568570,28554094,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheHammer209,Great game a lot of fun to play can get a little hard and grindy when you get up in the higher levels.
76561198170310923,Recommended,568570,28367031,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Poppydot,"I have played this game for 6 hrs now so i feel I have a good idea for the feel of it and how to play it.Firstly its very enjoyable with a good system for crafting and also for farming, taming animals as well for your plot,in a word so far its great!Like a few of the comments before have made don't expect to rush this game it requires patience and if your looking for a bit of relaxation whilst  playing a game this is for you.Nice graphics and weather system as well.I would like personally a choice of Male or female avatars as it's not only guys that play games so that would be great please at the moment  there is only a male choice sooo!You have to fend off some aggrivating little troll like creatures as well  so you have to protect your plot and after all your  hard work you really don't want to lose anything !Also the UI  could be better but it works for now ok but I am sure in time they will customise it better,  not too bad really its easy to come to grips with after a few mins or so.My last suggestion as well is the view point at the moment its top down almost and being able to look into the distance or pull back would be great it is a bit low.Overall  I love it  and I think as this game goes on it will only get better as they iron stuff out and whilst it is on sale it's a great buy!"
76561197995868600,Recommended,568570,30070773,Posted: 20 February,all,WA-Numenor,"This is an amazing game for the price of like $8. Especially when you consider the fact that it is an indie game made by one person.The game is basically like Runescape without the life sucking repetitive grind for individual skill levels. Though there is quite a bit of grind if you play the normal mode of the game, where its just like one big tutorial mode, where you are told to do basic quests that help you progress through the game, and you need to level up to unlock more items.The dev recently added sandbox mode, or as he calls it ""creative"" mode, where you can build and craft everything without the level restrictions. Though to level up you still need to do annoying fetch quest for shinny baubles in this mode. There is still quite a bit of a grind in this mode, but that comes purely from gathering the resources you need to build stuff with, which kind of is the whole point of the game.The whole game is just basically you wake up on some stranded island/continent, and build up personal settlement. You can tame farm animals, build houses, crafting stations, and craft armor, weapon, food, and other tools. There a plenty of enemies to fight, though combat is kind of just stand and click at enemy while consuming food. You can attempt to dodge/strafe around with some weapons that don't lock you into place, but in most cases its not really worth it or not possible. Like for instance if you're fighting a bear then you definitely wanna move since it has a consecutive combo attack, where if you just stand there it will do a rapid 3 hit attack on you (a lot of things in game have this but not all). But for other animals like foxes and boars... you kind of just want to stand still because if they get down to like 30% or 40% health they just start running away at super speed which is super annoying, so you want to just stand there and wait until they are locked into that 3 attack combo they're doing so that way they don't just attack and flee.There are other creatures like the rock gollum or giant minotaur goblin thing that you literally can not evade their attacks due to their long range, so you just want to stand there and dps them down as quickly as possible.Overall the game is a great game, very well polished, and well designed in every way minus the FOV camera... and maybe how useless the good armors are since most of the quest require you to go into a desert or cold biomes which require you to wear the cool / warmth clothing armor (bedouin / fur) sets that have low armor instead of the high armor value armor sets like steel or gold armor."
76561198040357214,Recommended,568570,28726412,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,colocowgirl35,Besides the camera issue that many have talked about I find the game to be a lot of fun. Though I do wish you could turn down the respawn some on mobs as it does get pretty repeative to have to clear the same areas over and over everytime you sleep or exit the game. Besides these few minor issues this is a fun survival game that contains a strong foundation. I find it easy to lose hours into.
76561198111992522,Recommended,568570,28960144,Posted: 2 January,all,RoyalRumble,"The game is good but it definetly doesnt feel very sandboxy. Its hard saying that this game is good when it has extremely weird crash times. 9 hours into this game and i had no problems, no crash, no fps drops, nothing. after closing it down and wanting to get back into it, it crashes. It lets me get into the main meny but it just would not load me into my world where i have spent 8 hours grinding. Don't get me wrong, the game is good but these crashes are annoying as all hell."
76561198015449998,Recommended,568570,28424113,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,shubtur,"Just a simple fun game. Yes the graphics are old, yes the controls are a bit wonky and yes it takes time to get used to some of its ""things"" but ... its 8 bucks.I have seen way worse games for 60 +.Could it need some fine tuning ? yes 100 % but the game itself is already fun even BEFORE day 1 patch : p"
76561198124892716,Recommended,568570,28609939,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dovahkiinss,"I may not have a lot of time in this game, but it is good. It's city building mixed with survival, and a RPG sense to it.The downside in my opinion would be the camera angle.Edit: Also would love to be able to chose a female character instead of just being a male character. Other than the camera angle and being only a male character, it's a really fun game to play."
76561198000556591,Recommended,568570,28624807,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ryuu,Its a great game for the price. Will soak up many hours and a great balance between grind and progress.
76561198053296613,Recommended,568570,30118625,Posted: 23 February,all,OneTwo,One of the best crafting game in market. Maybe needs al lot of patience but leveling gives you that satisfy and after every level gain you explore with more passion.Sometimes sorting items makes you annoying.Patience is the key. Sometimes you must spend a couple of hours just to prepare yourself for a new explore and fights.
76561197964896429,Recommended,568570,28755770,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,streaml1ne,"This is a great little game. It's a bit grindy in places but for whatever reason it hooks you and you want to keep playing it to find out what's next. Updates have been almost daily at times which is nice, the game is super stable minus the occasional slowdown/stutter when it auto-saves. The camera angle option doesn't seem to do anything for me, and I'd like a bit lower angle camera so I could see further in the distance. Other than a few minor nitpicks and the animal pelt grind being a bit rough (animals run away too much) it's a really fantastic game."
76561198061625086,Recommended,568570,29162200,Posted: 10 January,all,Chr0nos,"First off...I love this game. I'm not sure if you can truly call it a ""Survival Game"", as it lacks most elements that make a survival game just that. Eg: there is no hunger or thirst and you do not need to sleep.There is a pesky stamina bar that you will constantly need to pause to let refill, but that’s really about it apart from health that is really only lost if the player gets hit by an enemy.There’s a TON of stuff to craft, a massive island to explore, animals to tame and add to your farm/village, and plenty of enemies to conquer.If you’d like to get a feel for it, check out my Let’s Play series here and let me know what you think:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htMl8jp6yPE&t=62s"
76561198035976827,Recommended,568570,29187763,Posted: 11 January,all,ithlia,I'm not sure if I can recommend this game or not. In some ways it is a fun game. I am not a fan of the view angle at all and can't get used to it. I suppose this angle doesn't require a sky box so maybe that is why it was used but I do like the look of the game.The crafting systems are well thought out and very detailed. However if you are not a fan of grinding for ingredients this game may not be for you as it does require a lot of grinding. I managed to scrape together enough of the required items to make a few bits of armor only to find that I needed a different armor set to get through an area to reach a quest item. So back to grinding... I turned the game off after that. I'm not sure if I'll carry on with it or not because I'm getting bored with killing the same things over and over.This is not an expensive game and it appears to be getting reqular updates. If you don't mind grinding and like building your little village then you may enjoy this one.
76561198138431919,Recommended,568570,29298046,Posted: 16 January,all,troybriggs5,"the game is great and i spent 90+ hours playing it but as soon as i updated my game everything i mined from sand deposits was rocks and everything i mined from clay and soil deposits where sand. please fix this as it makes the game unplayable. i still reccomend this game and will probaby go back to my older version of the game to continue playing put again, please fix this bug as it makes new players unable to progress."
76561198073239312,Recommended,568570,29185378,Posted: 11 January,all,baxton29,"Judging from the video of the game on steam it looks to be something that I would enjoy playing.  However, I'm disabled and I have to talk to my computer in order to use it.  I installed the game as usual but when I went to play it it wouldn't accept my mouse commands or directional commands and this was just at the menu screen.  On any other game I'd just say, ""Go up (number)"" and it would move the selection up or down however many I'd say.  Or I'd say, ""move mouse (direction)"" and the mouse would begin to move; whereas with this game it wouldn't do anything.  I would really like it if there was a fix to the game so that I could try again."
,Recommended,568570,29531254,Posted: 27 January,all,Bruceknee,"this is a great game in that there is no timeline to pressure you with having to get things done now now now, you can take your time in doing quests,  explore the land, kill things and with no fear of dying coz you just loose a little loot and just respawn back at your base or portal that you nominate and just keep on going.All in all a very well designed game with a good crafting system that will keep you entertained for many hours."
76561198084040112,Recommended,568570,29588683,Posted: 30 January,all,dudtrish,"I love this game!One of the cutest sandbox games in the genre.I have reached level 11, and, um, oop, I forgets to keep playing..... my compound is now so cute, I just keep making it prettier.(In truth, you can complete the game and continue playing the same game!)I love the fact that is is rather difficult to achieve the higher levels, and cannot understand why some folk are not enjoying a good challenge!The graphics are enormously cute.I would recommend this game to parents to give to their teenage children, as it teaches some very good planning skills! Also... this game is great for sharpening anyones' skills in arithmetic!!! (Younger kids might be scared of the widdle goblins... chuckle?)And as a 58 yo woman, I reckon all adults who love games will love this!!!"
,Recommended,568570,34245973,Posted: 14 August,all,York,"What a great little game this turned out to be!If you enjoy base building, progression, exploring, resource gathering and survival then you will probably enjoy this game quite a lot.Some reviews I noticed there was alot of mention of invisable walls, I don't think the term invisable is warrented in this case, sure there are cliffs and collision but most things can be chopped down or mined away plus alot of the time the collision is actually handy not to get swarmed with mobs, you can quite easily cut a narrow path through the undergrowth to take on mobs one at a time for example.For the price and the content already available its a no brainer! Buy it!"
,Recommended,568570,28428441,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Xe-Xe,"The game is absolutely awesome, made with love and attention to details! I'm truly enjoying it"
76561198029923885,Recommended,568570,28673408,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bertwibo,"Played it for 2 hours and reached lvl 6 in that time. I really love the game! (i simply want to play more, more and more). The crafting, growing crops and herbs and slowly progressing as character is really good. The quests do really help and the hints in the game constantly helped me aswell. Only negative experience is the controls sometimes.. but after 2 hours i got used to the keybindings.For the price you get a really nice game! I can recommend all who like build, explore, gather and slowly progressing as character."
,Recommended,568570,28746451,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Teakah,"I very much enjoy this game, and as Brutalicore did such a wonderful job expressing anything I would have written in a review, I recommend that you read it as a good introduction to FoN.Brutalicore's FoN Review"
76561198046933829,Recommended,568570,30002909,Posted: 18 February,all,joescoggins,I like it so far. Kinda hard to find certain ores with out having to fight but if the game was too easy it wouldnt be any fun.
,Recommended,568570,28692029,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Oggyfarlig CSGONECRO.COM,Hey guys i have played that game in 7 hours .....I cant stop playing it. The game never get boring or something like it ....if u like survival/crafting games is this game the perfect game for you !The game is fun and u can just spend hours on itI really like the game guide u through the hole game ...u got some mission to do and then u complete all of them u level upin the start was the controls a bit hard ... but after sometime u get used to it....Prize: in my opinion is the prize 100% worth !i would buy the game from 20 $ if it actually cost it ...I rate the game 10/10
76561197983825843,Recommended,568570,28661037,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bubblesrkw,This isn't a perfect game by any means but it's nice to pass the time.Pro:Plenty of resources availableDifferent animals and foes to interact wtihHas a nice progression system with the quests.Cons:Camera angleSometimes the information could be explained better
76561198074146629,Recommended,568570,28422645,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Brennsangel98,"Really loving this game so much. Glad I purchased it, was well worth the price!"
,Recommended,568570,28612965,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ToxiGhost,"A charming little crafting and survival game however the locked angle camera restricted my view to the point that it hindered my enjoyment of the game and I decided to refund my purchase.During my gametime I experienced no bugs and the game seemed pretty solid. If a new camera is introduced in the future I may very well return =)If a tight 2.5D camera doesn't bother you, which I expect for most people it won't, then do yourself a favour and try this game out!"
,Recommended,568570,29164117,Posted: 10 January,all,Fabiolus,"best 8$ I ever spent.Yes you grind, you grind lots but its a game and aim towards micro managment where you will have to colllect numerous ores, items in order to craft and level up to potentially move to another section of the map to confront higher level monsters etc...If you have no patience or dislike management type of game you should stay away. It is not a building type game since you need to level up to unlock certain things and grow your village step by step.Best 8$ ever spent with over 10hrs of game play"
76561198017693074,Recommended,568570,28920569,Posted: 1 January,all,RUXX,I love this game. It has its flaws and niggly little things like the view and the longevity of some of the ingredients needed to craft things. But i'm sure  the devs will iron this out in due course. Full marks tho. A very good game with loads of potential
,Recommended,568570,29908910,Posted: 13 February,all,TCU FROGS!!!,"The best $7 I have ever spent! I am hooked. Simple, yet difficult, easy, yet hard. The balance and diversity of the game makes this a HIGH PRIORITY PURCHASE! And the dev/devs seem to be making daily if not weekly updates!"
,Recommended,568570,28412993,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Velvet Thunder,"LOVE ITseriously buy it. The value for money is amazing. Only downside is the camera, really wish the player was centred"
,Recommended,568570,31251441,Posted: 20 April,all,GeeK_Kila,I can see why some people feel its super grindy but I liked it.  Worth the $10 NZD I paid for sure.  Unlock coffee ASAP and ensure good supply of bananas & coconuts until then.  Sorted.
,Recommended,568570,28356717,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PentaStealz,"Logged out to write this review (3 hrs in) :Rain Lighting, and ThunderNot Super EasyI diedI actually lost something(2 seperate positives)$8 and I see myself playing this way over 8 hoursA lot of little things that required thought and effort10/10Going back in :-)------------20 hours later and this game still has more to offer. Definately worth $8, so if you think you'll like it based off the trailer then buy it because you will.Also, you get used to the camera, but they are going to add more options."
,Recommended,568570,29244659,Posted: 14 January,all,PerksPrisoner,"The Force of Nature game is a beautifully constructed game with a forgiving construction system. The ambience is perfect with the exception of emphasized stomping sounds for rabbits (Not a Negative). Some of the current flaws with this game aren't massive or horrifically displeasing but rather minor inconviences. The eating system is rather lucrative as I still yet to understand how to eat, which appears to be essential for moving through the game as it restores stamina and potentially health. I wish that the battle system wasn't required or it was at least able to be switched off. The game is gorgeous for requiring such low stats for your PC even the most fragile of PCs should be able to run this perfectly and be a real pleaser without any battle needs. The water is a gorgeous trickling attraction as it dawns gorgeous growth within what appears to be the fresh water habitat. Some other minor inconviences you will notice, such as when in battle if you are under a tree you can not see where you are, if the trees aren't behind your character. Maybe the developer will later implement a combat specific removal of the upper tree much like when they go behind the player to aid in the battle. This game quickly became my favorite thus far for a the reasons it doesn't require a beefy computer and still is beautiful, the low amount of keys used to manage the character which allows you to learn buttons easily even if you missed the tip for how to make it happen, I absolutely ADORE the collect all near key that is even conviently located near WASD (L.Ctrl). Overall, if I were to mention rather to purchase or pass. This would be a sure fire purchase as long as you are into sandbox games. Note to the developer (How do I Eat?) ***Note: The term ""Sandbox"" doesn't refer to a Minecraft Creative but rather the world is your oyster, at this time I haven't seen a creative or actual sandbox mode***Perks Pleasure Rating: 8/10-----UPDATE-----I figured out how to eat, it become a realization that if put in the hotbar you could use it."
,Recommended,568570,28400966,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bamboo :3,"hollyyy molly this is such a good game, all they need to do now is just give us more updates and boom great game :3"
76561197997196175,Not Recommended,568570,29344114,Posted: 18 January,all,SpankyMcFlych,"By the time you get the 3rd shard you realize the game is just going to be the same thing repeated over and over, and personally I don't find it to be enough fun to repeat 9 times (or whatever) to make the thingie out of the shards and find out what it does, or what end game is.The game is too boringly grindy. The UI is frustrating and unoptomized. The camera angle is annoying. And what am I supposed to do with all these stacks of sticks?"
76561198037306755,Not Recommended,568570,30678491,Posted: 22 March,all,James Rustler,"This game is unnessecarily, and arbitrarily grindy. And that's coming from a veteran mmo player."
76561197962347142,Recommended,568570,33195707,Posted: 3 July,all,Chowkin McNuggitt,"This game is fantastic. I have already got my moneys worth and I cant seem to put this game down. I love the quest system which basically guides you through the game. The graphics are not that great but they are acceptable, the gameplay far overrides the need for great graphics. Every session of grind has a reward where you can get to the next level or achieve the ability to build something new.The fact that you can move everything you have built around without any penalty is brilliant so when I get bored with my homestead or come up with a better idea i can just move things around.Some improvement on the combat would be welcome and some small quality of life improvements would be great like being able to shift click stacks between inventory and storage, being able to queue crafting recipies wouldnt go a miss either.All in all a fantastic game from a developer who seems to listen to the people playing it. Well worth the asking price, sale or otherwise."
76561198002189495,Recommended,568570,33115058,Posted: 1 July,all,rovaira2,"If your wondering if you should pick up this game it's a big yes from me at least. I was worried about the camera view, but it is much better than the video shows and there is some other camera option which I haven't tried yet.The game is fun to play. It's an open world, but it's also quest driven to unlock craftables. The quest driven part is very nice; keeps the game interesting and each play through is randomly generated.  You also level up as you kill goblins, collect coins from them, craft certain items, tame animals, build farms, etc. It's a very nice mix that keeps me busy and it's enjoyable. There is a pretty good variety of animals and creatures which is good to see so far.The graphics are nice. I picked this up on sale and I'm very happy I did. The amount of games on Steam can be mind boggling, but this one should keep me coming back for more."
76561198318184891,Recommended,568570,33043066,Posted: 30 June,all,ana.grozavescu14,Nice game. I like that you can build all kind of stuff and explore. The camera can't be adjusted and that's a little bit annoying and also you can't advance in level and build new things if you can't accomplish the quests.
76561198134640233,Recommended,568570,33246583,Posted: 4 July,all,Hidden_Ghost,"For those who like surviva games, FON (Force of Nature) is a cheap and very enoyable way to have fun! The exciting gameplay, ambient sounds, thrilling exploration and the great ease into the game is soo good in this game. As you can see, i have played a reasonable amount of time on the game and so i would definately recommend it!Now you need to understand, however, that this game is new and still has polishing to do but so far (for a new game) it has done really well. Also, i do understand how some people have complained about the grinding element. Firstly, practically all survival games need some aspect of grinding at times and so i feel that FON did really well in creating inventive ways to grinding so it wasn't so boring because there was always an adventure when getting some new materials!I just want to say that, for the price of this game, you should certainly think about getting it because of the fun you will have as well as the new addition of multiplayer!"
,Recommended,568570,33288409,Posted: 5 July,all,Araxidis,"I have only got a few hours in the game but already, I recommend it for anyone who likes survival games. As others have said, the visual distance limiting fog of war could use a setting to increase it as your computer will handle. Can't wait to get some clothes on!"
,Recommended,568570,28600597,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Harry,"It's a great game and has a lot of potential. I hope the devs keep working on it, improving and of course, listening the players.I wish the stamina and health regeneration were faster, in early game is so boring waiting a lot of time to recover, because even the foods, doesn't help too much."
76561198130344084,Recommended,568570,30113638,Posted: 22 February,all,shardoro,I like the game but it would be nice if you could move your camera up and down to see what is ahead of you. I keep wanting to life my head up to see ahead but dont do no good LOL  Hope that can be added to the game  otherwise I enjoy playing the game
,Recommended,568570,32881536,Posted: 27 June,all,natepotvin,"No much of a chalange, but its great if you like very grindy games."
,Recommended,568570,33003519,Posted: 29 June,all,Grunt100,"this is a great game, its easy to search around the inventory, but the game is difficult at first, it is taking a while to build my first hut but im sure it will get easier as i upgrade everything, I think this is worth the money, and tbh it was cheap at least when i got it it was cheap, I cant wait to see this game grow even more"
,Recommended,568570,29576846,Posted: 29 January,all,Goose,"This is a relaxing, simple game about survival. Progress is slow, but steady. I managed to spend 7 hours on it today after buying it, but I think I made more progress in that time than I have in other games of this type. You have to level up in order to unlock more items for crafting and building, but I think these goals were designed well enough so that the game doesn't become overwhelming. There are plenty of resources near where the character is found, so it's not incredibly taxing either. I highly recommend this as a cheap way to do some casual single player gaming."
76561198035688552,Recommended,568570,29969946,Posted: 16 February,all,johnsfun,This game really grows on you. Early on I was going to abandon it but it ended up being the most addictive game I've run across.  It is challenging and super entertaining. Highly recommend purchasing.
76561198034286355,Recommended,568570,32999026,Posted: 29 June,all,$teampunkKitties,"The game on a whole is enjoyable for me but compared to another similar game I just bought, this is a little rough. I will be keeping an eye on it though for any future updates. There are some aspects to this one that I would love to take to the other game with me. Only think I didn't like was the camera angle and the tedious amount of time it took to craft some things."
76561198011949350,Recommended,568570,29575655,Posted: 29 January,all,Tiyshen,"I first came across this game via a random YouTube video. Survival game are a dime a dozen now adays, so I wanted to see what was different about this one. The first thing I noticed (and liked) was the quest system, clear goals and challanges makes this stand out for others I have seen and played. The next was the Diablo style game play, a fixed camera angle set up behind your character. Recipes as you level system, this is a love or hate feature, I happen to love it. Having to wait for things to craft can be annoying, but if you have several things going while you are harvesting, hunting or exploring, the time melts away.All in all, I am very happy with this game and love the fact that the Cev is frequently updating it with new features and bug fixes."
76561198310562914,Recommended,568570,29640280,Posted: 1 February,all,Say What,Fun game to play when you want a slower game to just chill with. Reminds me of a harvest moon but instead of building relationships you kill things :)
76561198360288858,Recommended,568570,29954084,Posted: 15 February,all,>Kelsey Rose<,"I really have enjoyed this game! I read alot of reviews before buying and although so many were positive, I was still a little nervous after reading some of the more negative ones. However, if this genre of game is your thing, then you will love it! As alot of people said, you can't just grind through it. It's boring if you do. You have to have fun in building your camp and getting all the extras and expanding. You can't just focus on the quests and only the quests. I have around 28 hours played and I'm only at level 9 because I have been taking my time and enjoying all this game has to offer.Some complained about losing their stuff when they would die or how the game automatically saves all the time but I found this regreshing - brought me back to when you had 3 hearts and if you lost 'em, you restarted the whole level! Can't cheat death with this game, that's for sure! But it makes you work a little more strategically.Definitely would recommend this game to anyone who has played other survival games like it because it really is a blast!"
,Recommended,568570,30111907,Posted: 22 February,all,ando1250,"Very cool, single player game! Worth the money for sure! Survival, crafting, and monsters. Very good game."
76561198024624179,Recommended,568570,29639697,Posted: 1 February,all,drgnwlf775,just play it and have fun.
76561198014820430,Recommended,568570,29910323,Posted: 13 February,all,Volk,"This is a very well designed sandbox game. The time to craft and build is not so long that you loose interest. The combat is also quite fun. I think it is one of the best mixes of sandbox building and cafting, with combat."
76561198106551769,Recommended,568570,35168818,Posted: 23 September,all,dthadon,"I like the game, but would be nice for a true sandbox mode where you don’t have a quest"
,Recommended,568570,29022086,Posted: 4 January,all,Fiapo da Mandioca,Everything in this game is really good
76561198063203889,Recommended,568570,29975373,Posted: 16 February,all,Da Honey Badger,"Combat needs a major revamp. Look at games like diablo and even other sandbox games. Combat is fluid. In this game its reduced to standing there with more hp then the enemy. The problem is the animation of using a tool fixes you in place, you need to be able to use a tool or a weapon while on the move. Having to stop to swing is not realistic and it doesnt do anything to increase the fun of the game. Ill recommend the game based on the premise but the execution needs alot of work."
76561197982627626,Recommended,568570,28860080,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tenfoothead,"Very good for the price.  No food/water meters, food is just for healing/stamina.  Comfortable mix of gathering/building and simple combat."
76561198083355803,Recommended,568570,29973026,Posted: 16 February,all,Seth Samuel,"I enjoy this game quite a bit.   It's a simple, craft survival game and it's casual enough to just play."
,Recommended,568570,29983060,Posted: 17 February,all,Old Jew Glasses,"Good value for money, the game ain't perfect but iv spent a lot of hours enjoying it. It has a different feel from other games similar to this but feels like it has more of a ""point"" to it so it keeps you interested."
76561198186360914,Recommended,568570,29193267,Posted: 11 January,all,shardofshadows,"BEST Survival/ Crafting Sandbox I've ever found on PC. Yes, it beats Terraria in play and price (in my opinion). I thought the price was awesome for the content, I've only had an issue with it crash one time, and never after that (playing a lot for around a week now and boy am I PICKY AF about bugs!)Once you've mastered the control mechanisms and the quick bar, this game is easy to play and fluid. If you need more monsters in a certain area, all you do is save/ quit and reopen the game then use the portals to get right back.It could use a little improvement, as all things can. Here is a list of things I would like to see improved:~I would like to see the farming plot numbers pushed upwards per level, as farming can be a bit tedious. Maybe an option to exchange the small plots up to the bigger plot sizes?~Make a tree farming plot available to regenerate tree supplies at home, especially the fruit bearing trees and sugar cane/ bamboo.~Please add hotkeys for the harvest all button like the Ctrl key is used to collect. Perhaps the Alt key for harvest all? I know the button is in the inventory but getting that up then hitting that button that slows things down.~A little more variety in decor, such as, please make a hanging lantern available to hang on the buildings. I don't mind if ""Hovel"" and up is required to hang them, as that makes sense that straw like huts wouldn't hold them well.~I would also like the cooking station numbers to be increased per character level a bit. Cooking tends to be somewhat slow.~I love the apple and meat pies, please make coconut and banana pies available, or find a use for them. Also, I would like to see orange trees and lemon trees, and to make juices for stamina options (OJ and lemonade that would also need the sugar/ honey use).~Need more uses for sticks and stones, or an option to destroy materials. The game isn't buggy but I'm sure leaving the extra junk lying around has a potential to create issues, including lag, even though I haven't seen it yet.~More uses of gems, such as embrodered into armors and engraved into weapons? (Tailor Bench and Anvil?)~Maybe I haven't played far enough into the game yet but I'd love to see a few more different types of monsters. Maybe in an expansion?"
76561197985464076,Recommended,568570,29242048,Posted: 14 January,all,Birst Flood,Just play the game! 8€ is nothing for this game. If you like the building phase in survival games you are going to love this game.
,Recommended,568570,29253220,Posted: 14 January,all,Skiark,"Really enjoying the game, highly recommend !"
76561198055331155,Recommended,568570,29661422,Posted: 2 February,all,Chanour,"From what little i got to play I loved it, but I sadly had to return it due to its issues and incompatibility with Windows 10"
,Recommended,568570,28509999,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,tomahawk058,"The Concept is Beautiful. The Crafting is actually so much fun that you dont want to stop gathering!! This whole Game is a Great Joy to pLay. The controls are fantastic, its tutorials are challenging yet simplistic. The scenary and enviroment and yes even the weather are constantly changing so you wont get bored! Honestly this is the first crafting survival program thats captured my imagination and fulfills it in a way that not even MC can grasp. This is How it should Be.I highly recommend this to anyone who has a desire to build create and just plain have fun. Thanks  to Developers your Jobs will only Grow and If you keep this up Your going to Grow Far. WOW Great imaginations think alike. Thank You. Enjoy."
76561198258304209,Recommended,568570,30351915,Posted: 5 March,all,Arianna Mason,"good game overall so far. I like that you can collect basic supplies and craft and buildings needed for survival, and also take out your frustrations on some goblins and other creatures. Maybe I'll have more luck witih a controller, but some of the beasts (bears especially) were very hard to kill and I kept dying, especially if attacked by more than one animal at once. Also, the game simulates daytime and nighttime, and I cannot seem to get the brightness high enough to be able to see anything at night (so don't get caught in the woods or you might get attacked by a bear when you can't see it.) Also, i cannot move the camera when the inventory screen is open, so when I'm looking for an ingredient or food or something, I have to shuffle back and fourth, since the game only lets you pick stuff up when the inventory window is open. however, i do like the progression of the game - you're free to kind of do whatever, but there are quest goals if you want to advance your skill level etc. I'm just getting to the part where I learn to trap and tame the wild chickens."
,Recommended,568570,28705650,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DarkjGaming,This game is insanely awesome. The survival aspect of this game draws you in while the limitless ability to craft things and build how you see fit keeps you wanting more. This game was very well made! Now of coarse there are other survival games out there with the ability to craft and build... But add an rpg element as well with quests and a new change of pace and thats what seperates this game frome the others. I made a gameplay video of this game that can be found here:https://youtu.be/Ks4M_Iccvvconce the video goes live. I plan on making this a series!
76561198087167917,Recommended,568570,29885512,Posted: 12 February,all,EmperorsWill85,Such a relaxing game.
76561198025134606,Recommended,568570,29195416,Posted: 11 January,all,Hawke,"Great game.  My fav these days!  If you're looking for something that is easy to play while watching TV, then this is it.  If you're into survival games, but tired of monsters constantly attacking you so you can't get started hardly, then this is the game for you.  Easy slow start, good instructions within quests and crafting.I wish there was the choice of male vs female character, but as it is, you're male, like it or not.  Perhaps in some future update they will add the option to be female.  Being a ""girl gamer"", it would be a welcome addition.I honestly can't think of any real ""cons"" for this review.  The UI was a little clumbsy to get used to but after a time I got used to it.  The graphics are good (not fantastic, but good enough).  The map is too pixelated to be of much use to me so far.  I have yet to find a way to play with my friends, but there may be a way.  Still pretty new to the game.I really enjoy this game.  Was looking for something relaxing, and I like building things and gathering resources and creating my own camp.  There may be more to this game than that, but I haven't gotten very far into it yet...  I like that it gives me options as to how I want to play tho.... I suppose if you wanted to have more combat, you could do that .... but I mainly like to do the farming and gathering and creating.Great game!  Highly recommended.  I've already been telling my friends about it."
76561198071137957,Recommended,568570,29297674,Posted: 16 January,all,Lex,If you like crafting and gathering I strongly believe you will like this! Would recommend!
76561198050390138,Recommended,568570,29172049,Posted: 10 January,all,unbreakable1980,"For its price this is a bargain. I've played a few ""survival"" games and I found this one to be the most enjoyable. I like the fact that there's a ""story"" so that you learn howto craft the basics and level up in the process.I also like the fact that you can craft items pretty effortlessly. You dont need to chop down 100 trees to build a little hut, for instance. So I think its a proper pace for this game. There's also plenty of details on each resource, including where to find it.What I miss is a soundtrack that kinda suits the nature and such aswell as a 1st perspective camera view.Other then this, its a polished game with alot of content. I luv the animals, they are beatifully designed. A bit silly though how the rabbits run into the sea without caring about the fact that they are under water (occassionally) :)"
76561198197051722,Recommended,568570,29361545,Posted: 19 January,all,Zaharias,"For what i paid for the game itS packed with lots of content ,I love the leveling idea though at times its a bit to grindy and personally would love to see this change just so there a better flow to the game e.g if you have to chop through loads of bush and trees to get the next level give use a new axe at least  .Crafting idea of the lables to interact with items is great as you can see if you are missing items as you go !! Combat is a bit wonky but not in a bad way  what ive seen the devs are working to improve the game which is great .Great game"
76561198081248745,Recommended,568570,29313896,Posted: 17 January,all,aghardie,"This game is awesome! Very detailed worlds, challenging quests, lots of crafting!"
,Recommended,568570,29449408,Posted: 23 January,all,Don'tFearTheJin,"Great little single player survival game with RPG elements and a goal based leveling system.Pretty good graphics. The camera is vertically fixed (you can rotate view all around you but not up or down) so it takes some getting used to. I didn't encounter any bugs although the interface isn't completely refined, but overall it's easy to learn and get into. You can't beat 8 bucks and it's at least worth that much - no need to even wait for a sale!  I highly recommend for anyone who likes survival crafting games and ISO RPGs."
76561198004482608,Not Recommended,568570,29640780,Posted: 1 February,all,ShadeMage,"The game started off pretty fun early on but around mid to late game it became extremely grindy. Needlessly slowing you down. For instance every time you save and quit or sleep in game all the mobs respawn. At first it was fine because you haven't explored much of the map yet and you're looking for mats, but by mid game you have all your mats and what you really need to do is get to your next objective. Combat by the way isn't very fun you just trade blows, but that's forgivable if the games focus isn't on combat. At first that's what I thought and I was ok with it but then why respawn all the mobs if the focus isn't really on combat? Getting to new areas requires you spend several game days creating a path by chopping down trees and bushes. That's literally all you do for days.  Also the game bottlenecks you by not allowing you to create higher end items even if you have the components for them. By level 5 or 6 you can create a portal with some restrictions, to help move you around a little easier, but moving beyond the technology of stone tools escapes you? Just a lot of things like this that wind up frustrating me into not wanting to play. For the price it isn't bad but it needs a lot of work to make you want to finish it. I'm going to keep it installed and wait and see what direction the developers decide to take it with future updates and if the game changes for the better I'll write an update but for now I'm done."
76561198068997719,Recommended,568570,31956990,Posted: 25 May,all,Alixtheparadox,"TL:DR   I dont spend time writting reviews because id rather play a game then listen to what someone else has to say about it. but I'm incredibly pleased with the fixes that have happened within the past few monthsSo I had to pause mid game to write this review. I got this game around release date, and to be honest I lasted only about 10 minutes before quting because the interface was horrible. I decided to give it another chance because of time and games always update to fix things. I am now really enjoying this game! It definetly took a minute for me to get my barring and remember the controls. Everything is a lot better now.pros:easy survival, you just have to readno impossible resources per your level upslinear level up systemmonsters to bash aroundbunnies that tempt you with mouth watering fresh meat that you cant catchcons:fixed camera anglecant sleep ( onl about an hour into the game so maybe later)no structres until a higher levelbut this is only within the first hour or so of playing im sure that there will be more pros then cons as i continue playing"
,Recommended,568570,29049422,Posted: 5 January,all,Skirts,"Maybe it's the fact that the graphics remind me of oldschool Runescape, but this game is addictingly fun. At times it may feel like a bit of a grind (and, to be honest, it IS a grind sometimes), but there's always something that I want to do and always some goal to achieve, which is something many survival games fail to do. As you start to get near the next level it gets a bit grind-y but once you hit that level-up you're given loads of new things to do almost to the point where it's overwhelming."
76561198051962856,Recommended,568570,28921924,Posted: 1 January,all,Respite,"Totally addictive fun inexpensive survival game. No starvation/dehydration, and heat/cold is area dependant... not a great game for those who love truely harsh survival, more of a fun base-building-from-nothing game with a complex crafting system and somewhat slow progression"
76561198082287651,Recommended,568570,30212328,Posted: 26 February,all,jonathanwkraus,"This game is super relaxing after a stressful day of work. I second the reviewer who says this game reminded them of the old diablo. Two player would be awesome. I also wish things could be moved or destroyed, by me. Its to much work to lure a goblin to the right barel etc. I would also prefer streamlined menus for crafting. But all in all, this game is great."
76561198004247378,Not Recommended,568570,30037916,Posted: 19 February,all,Sniffr0st,"This game is boring and disrespectful to players time. It takes forever to do anything, and it's not even fun doing it.- Gathering resources means holding down left mouse button and waiting. It also drains your stamina which takes forever to replenish.- Crafting anything takes minutes, even though theres no intervention needed. Only reason is so you can wait some more.- Some problem with building. You place the building and then sit and watch for minutes as the buildings build themselves.- You also need a tool to craft anything. You craft yourself a stone knife as a tool, and even though you still have it on yourself, you can't use it for fighting, because it's a tool now. When you make a crafting table, you need to make new stone knife, because even though you have your knife right in your pocket, you can't use it.- Whenever you craft anything, you also need to ""TAKE IT OUT"" of the crafting window. Pressing C takes you to crafting list, but you can't craft anything until you pres ""ESC"" to take out the previously crafted item from a different crafting window.- Moving is slow, hitting anything is slow, this game just loves to waste your time.- You've just washed ashore, and since there's no hunger or thirst, your objective is to grab a stick and go beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of native goblin population. They have armor and swords? Don't worry, you with your stick in your shorts can beat 4 of them at a time, no problem.This game just makes no sense to me, and I wouldn't recommend it. But you decide for yourself"
,Recommended,568570,29405049,Posted: 21 January,all,Alpha_pyxis,"This game for the price is not bad. The graphics are good, the movement is a bit awkward at the start. Only thing that might get annoying after a while is being locked into a tutorial Based level up system.Do this and get that and you eventually get something in return.Sometimes the quests dont sit right with me. You build a forge before getting basic clothing.But maybe thats just me.If you can overlook those facts you might have fun and get your moneys worth."
76561198018448595,Recommended,568570,28351298,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,thebez,"Great little game - bargain at a fiver.  Crafting, exploring and combat are well combined and good fun if challenging and a tad repetitive at times."
76561198020613938,Not Recommended,568570,29576160,Posted: 29 January,all,zeuljii,"Well implemented, but not engaging.This is the epitome of the overdone harvesting/crafting/fighting mechanics of most roleplaying games.  Most of your time will be spent waiting: walking, waiting for crafting status bars, holding down the button while resources are gathered or enemies are hit, and waiting for health/stamina bars to recover.The game elements are deciding the most efficient order to execute tasks in (strictly limited by a forced progression), and spotting unintelligent enemies you need to avoid/attack.Because your progression through crafting/building will be managed by the game, and that is held up waiting tasks, the game is essentially a series of waits.On a positive note: the graphics are okay, the interface is easy to learn, it's very stable, and the progression makes sense."
,Recommended,568570,31220251,Posted: 18 April,all,TheGunJammed,Great survival game and is soon to have multiplayer.
76561198040822398,Recommended,568570,28650063,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,zermoth,"Good design, playable good, keep up the good work."
76561198128523406,Recommended,568570,28818500,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mellie (October 25th),My first day buying this I played for 9 hours... What can I say it's addicting..  The only issue I have is the camera angle.
76561198011657297,Recommended,568570,28363475,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Scorpion,Lovly little game :)
76561198158562129,Not Recommended,568570,34672713,Posted: 1 September,all,Dr. Spaceman,"I loved the idea of this game - I'm a sucker for open world crafting games - but I got bored after 4 hours. Crafting got tedious way too fast, and the game felt very linear. Combat is clunky to the point that it's not fun, and quests were limited to building x to level up, only so you can build y to level up again. I think my 10-year-old will like it, but I lost interest pretty quickly and needed something with a more advanced combat system and more complex quests."
76561198012846359,Not Recommended,568570,31030684,Posted: 8 April,all,souligniter,"hate the whole level cap for building items. Sure it may be for game leveling or challenge factor, but if i want to spend countless hours harvesting to craft better stuff that should be my choice. Speaking of harvesting, its a huge stamana drain with either waiting a while to recover your stamina or have limited stamana replenishing items due to the level cap on what you can craft or build."
,Recommended,568570,28354781,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Gracekain Gaming,"I am having a whole lot of fun playing this game.https://youtu.be/tikEH8EDmWEWould like to make some suggestions:Ability to pan the camera a bitIndication when a tree (node) is depleted i.e., ferns, sticks, etc.Ability to rotate cama when inventory is open.So far these are only minor sugestions and I am having a great time.Very addicting! WELL WORTH THE $8!"
76561198074765302,Recommended,568570,28347691,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Phobos,"This game is Incredibly fun. It actually feels like I can do whatever I want! Although it has only been 3 1/2 hrs, It has definately been worth atleast twice the 8 bucks."
,Not Recommended,568570,29791180,Posted: 8 February,all,Ghenki,"I really disliked the combat, and the fact that you were step by step told what to do."
76561198086660273,Not Recommended,568570,30594719,Posted: 18 March,all,Thasan,"it could have been an okey game if it didn't fail big times in few aspects.1> controlls suck....we are in 2017, people have figured out how to make decent controlls. perhaps devs should explore that.2> monoty on a whole new level.....must be that i didn't play enough of it to get to the ""better content"" but seriously, from what i've played, this is a game to put you to sleep. make your kids play it when they don't want to go to bed."
76561198016196050,Not Recommended,568570,31354393,Posted: 25 April,all,turn123,"This game was a disappointment primarily due to the save and exit not working properly which I unfortunately didn't discover until after refunding the game.When you save and exit the gave and then load your save you don't load wherever you were when you saved and exited but instead end up back in the starting location.This combined with the fixed camera angle (in one mode you can rotate the camera but you can't look into the distance), a map that you can't mark your finds on, and having to fight your way through the same waves of enemies to try to find that resource you were at when you saved your game is just plain frustrating."
,Recommended,568570,32868345,Posted: 27 June,all,Danny,"Cute game, would love to see more development on it"
,Not Recommended,568570,33093627,Posted: 1 July,all,PickNick101,This game is like any other craft and survival game. You walk around doing certain tasks and get better and better.I don't get a feeling of completion when I play the game. It feels grindy.In multiplayer mode you can currently not walk away from eachother. You gotta stick within 50 meters I would guess.
,Recommended,568570,32647983,Posted: 22 June,all,Darkmalice,"Great little game, and the dev is still adding features/fixing bugs. Very impressive and highly recommended for those who enjoy a slower-paced survival game."
76561198009792779,Recommended,568570,28795840,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wacsnie,"I went into this game after watching 15 minutes of a gameplay by the Youtuber xBCrafted (I recommend checking him out) And I really enjoy this game so far. Plenty of more stuff for me to do, and I can't wait to fully explore them.There is a bit of a grind in order to get to certain points in the game, which is good in my opinion.And like plenty of others have already pointed out, don't be scared of the camera angle, you'll get used to it before you know!I highly recommend people to try this game, as its a very relaxing game.The only ""issue"" I have is the water grind.. Makes you babysit a bit too much as wells stops making more water after 4, untill you take those out. A little nitpicking, but it's just since you need water for ALOT of things. Dont get discouraged though. Im certain you'll still like the other aspects of the game.. Even the ""clunky"" combat system."
,Recommended,568570,29915177,Posted: 13 February,all,LARGE FARVA,"This game is just fun. Fun, Fun, FUN!The graphics, the gameplay, the controls, the crafting system, the building system, the level up system, this game has it all and its executed to perfection along with hints and help EVERY step of the way.Bought this for $7.47 @ 15% off and to be honest I'd pay twice that.Please, bring more and more content to this game, more map, more items to craft, build, animals to hunt, more, more, MORE!10/10"
,Recommended,568570,28461888,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TITANIUM,Nice game. But need more development.
76561198338112308,Recommended,568570,28926278,Posted: 1 January,all,-^-^-Drumbass-^-^-,very good game who whant enjoy survive and crafting :)
76561198168347286,Recommended,568570,31900508,Posted: 22 May,all,MonkeyTreeSwing,"Super fun game.Not for a fast pace, but for a well thought out plan with your resources.Watch out in the woods cause you will die!"
76561198197344011,Not Recommended,568570,31051830,Posted: 9 April,all,ShonadenwO,"When I first purchased it, it worked well, though excessively grindy in ways I didn't expect so I lost interest quickly and quit. Upon trying it again, I found the last update rendered it completely and utterly unplayable. Suddenly it takes a minute for my mouse to move at all on the title screen and when I attempted to start a new game, it no longer recognizes my keyboard at all so I cannot even try a new game to see if it may work better in game than the title screen. (That may sound odd, but originally the title screen lagged a bit compared to in game.)"
,Recommended,568570,28500663,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,🅱ecla,"I don't like the angle of the camera, but so far its a nice little game and worth the price tag."
,Recommended,568570,28993494,Posted: 3 January,all,PyrokineticAlien,"The game is very fun but does not run very well, as it is constantly crashing and I can't seem to fix it."
,Recommended,568570,28990523,Posted: 3 January,all,Бабуля,"Thats OK for those who likes sandboxes. However to me it is too boring, I mean, you have to manually pick up all the loot and create tools and so on. I ll recommend it but for me an hour of playing was enough to get enough of it)"
76561198026833258,Recommended,568570,28514354,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,kyle_s_black,The game is fun. But they really need to update the camera angles.
,Recommended,568570,30269631,Posted: 1 March,all,Dr. Data,"This game is a little gem. But, PLEASE MAKE THE GAME MULTIPLAYER!!!"
76561198216549235,Recommended,568570,30381750,Posted: 7 March,all,wisifin,"Absolutely everything i've been looking for in a game !the only cons I can see to this game after 17 hours playtime- the view can be a tad irritating..i mean really..I should be able to see a fat bear 10 feet away before he bites my rear.-game crashed twice,could be my pc idk but no other game made me yell ""Dagnamit !!""-those silly goblins respawning if they kill ya .But I'm having way too much fun even though there are a few bleh moments.I would recommend this game if you like the genre :)"
,Recommended,568570,29006988,Posted: 4 January,all,^♥^ 💀 Miss Kat 💀 ^♥^,Omg i love this Game ^___^ its really really addictive. id say 10/10
76561198201358597,Recommended,568570,30129144,Posted: 23 February,all,...:::Persian Army_R_:::...,i finished this game...that's amazing...if someone need help about this game i can help...
76561198095482500,Recommended,568570,30749792,Posted: 26 March,all,☩.<..Thanatos..>.☩,"Dear Devs, I'd like to say this game would be lot more fun if you would remove the quest/obiective based unlocking system on both craftable items/tools and buildings. That way it would be lot more fun for people and would get more people on playing it, It is a very good game for spending boring hours with it. The quest/obiective based unlocking system is just in the way of playing this game on its fullest extent. I recomennd this game to other people because its a nice, relatively easy and people doesn't need to have a powerhouse like pc to play this."
,Recommended,568570,28787486,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,;_;,The game crashes often causing you to lose a few minutes of progress.
76561198016538365,Recommended,568570,29366684,Posted: 19 January,all,kevin39145,This is a pretty cool game. If you like the survival and crafting thing then definetly buy this game.
76561198056361875,Recommended,568570,28746360,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jon2Bon,"Got gangraped by orcs, bears, and cougars 10/10"
76561198091281378,Recommended,568570,34096411,Posted: 7 August,all,UncleB,Force of Nature is a Frustratingly Fun Open World 2d Castaway type game.  It does have it's pros and con'sPro'sEasy CombatGood ControlsCrafting will keep you busy for hoursKeeps you EntertainedNice rain AffectsArmor and weapons are niceWeather affect is a nice touchCon'sConstant Farming for materials can become boring and tediousAggro on emeies is out of Range they will swarm you half a mile awayTo many trees in the forest areas you will spend hours whacking away trees and branchesAnimal run away to much causing aggro issues that can get you killed easilyMagic doesn't need to be here Altars etcNeeds more cooking recipiesNeeds more Armor to fight off cold weatherThe map is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥but will help youPoision remedy needs to be easier to obtainEnding of game is♥♥♥♥♥♥Now even with more nitpicking than positive I recommend this game it is very fun and can keep you entertained for hours on end. What would make this game a solid thumbs up I would get rid of the magic elements and turn this into a solid Castaway type game IT IS A VERY FUN GAME just a few things need tweaking.
76561198313206040,Recommended,568570,34829971,Posted: 8 September,all,The Muffin Man,"Really fun and cute game, has a decent amount of content too! For that low of a price, you have noting to lose !"
76561198365279950,Recommended,568570,29861863,Posted: 11 February,all,mmpg__shadow,well worth the 7 dollars. its not the best survival game out but its pretty good
76561198031353221,Recommended,568570,29688188,Posted: 4 February,all,Shrapnel,"game is a value, if it was not fun the camera angle would totally ruin the game because it is the most annoying camera angle out of any video game ever,other than that it is a decent game."
76561198110063339,Recommended,568570,29530480,Posted: 27 January,all,mysticwind,I would deffinatly like to see better camera controls. other than that its an enjoyable game
,Recommended,568570,29556408,Posted: 28 January,all,stphne,"This game isn't for everyone. Right now, the game definitely gets annoying in that recipies are unlocked via level ups and there is litte guidance as to controls at the beginning (for example, it took me multiple in-game days of me waiting for sticks to spawn before discovering I can kick trees to get sticks). Also, as others have said, the camera angle is absolutely terrible,That being said, I am enjoying the actual game now that I've gotten some of the basics down. I'm compelled to constantly be gathering material and thus explore. I do think the stamina needs some slight tweeking, but overally its a fairly decent game, especially for the price."
76561198049624963,Recommended,568570,29548890,Posted: 28 January,all,Tiaris,I just got this game and have played a few hours on it so far I love it.  I would like to have the ability to be female as I am female.
76561197988730511,Recommended,568570,31187744,Posted: 16 April,all,porkvoodoo,"This game is fun, has lots of exciting things to do."
76561198038866295,Recommended,568570,29052410,Posted: 5 January,all,Brulis [Qc],"If you like relaxing while you play;If you like gathering / crafting / building base;If you like exploring, then this game is for you.Low Price, little game that last for many hours, with random gen map. You can farm, tame animals, kill some goblin and probably many more beast (im not far enough in the game yet to know)Many things to do in this great game. For me, it worth the money and even more... I hope to get some more update or DLC."
76561198030387227,Not Recommended,568570,29307050,Posted: 16 January,all,Pleasurebug,crafted a stack of bread and coffee to go adventure with...  took me literally 4 hours.  just the crafting time itself was 3 and a half hours of real time.
,Recommended,568570,28867571,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dark Sky Empire,Yes! This is the best sandbox game of my dreams!
76561198137770912,Not Recommended,568570,29125979,Posted: 8 January,all,ChiefRave,"At the beginning the game is funny but quickly turns out to be very time consuming to get the next level.The fixed camera angle it's anoying, nowadays there's no reason why you can't allow a game like this to move the viewing camera some degrees.There's no queue system on the crafting stations, why??The tame of animals it's funny, you can feed them and get useful materials for the crafting.The game is very very grindy and at certain points you will feel a huge loss of time.Maybe creators can review the grind line so players may have a sense of reward for the time invested.It's a funny game to try out but not to spend hours.For now I don't recommend, maybe in the future."
,Not Recommended,568570,29288549,Posted: 15 January,all,Faxen,I don't think I have ever seen a developer sabotage their own game more than this.-leveling and progression is stupid as hell-100% linear-barely any options for a difference gameWould stay away unless this is updated.
76561198032105337,Not Recommended,568570,32530362,Posted: 18 June,all,GravitasReed,"This is a game with potential, but at this current point there are just to many annoyances to warrant a thumbs up.The camera is extremely tedious, and when you are in the menu you have to click to pick up items, and hold space to turn the camera. When not in a menu the camera turns normaly but you have to click ctrl to pick up items. In addition the camera is stuck at a really annoying angle, but that is something you can change with a hidden button in the settings menu.The crafting system is so tedious and instead of placing items in your inventory when it's done crafting you have to lug your way back to the crafting menu to pick up the item.If you are crafting in your inventory it should go to your inventory automatically when finished so you dont have to go back over and over again.This game is not even marked early access, when it so clearly needs a better crafting/inventory menu and a less tedious camera system. Things I consider so basic I would complain about it on an early access title as well.These are all things that can be fixed. And if they do, it might warrant me having another go at the game. But as it stands, it's a hard resounding no.Bonus points if you also let us make our own character in the game. Or atleast let us choose skin color and sex so not everyone is generic white dude number 1."
76561198304413385,Recommended,568570,30365443,Posted: 6 March,all,TheeWizardofOdd,"I wish this game was controller supported, and player had more customization abilities i.e. female character. Inspite of these two things, I love this game and play it all the time. It's in my top ten."
,Recommended,568570,30470249,Posted: 12 March,all,Ron Brrgundy,"game was really cool, just not my cup of tea. Cool building mechanics. I didnt refund cus it was bad just not my style, if you love top down you will love this. Please give it a chance as i did. Kudos to the devs for making a cool game."
,Not Recommended,568570,30457885,Posted: 11 March,all,Onionike,"I think I could have had fun with this game, except the camera and controls are both too akward for me to want to play for more than a few minutes."
76561198087351906,Recommended,568570,30524790,Posted: 15 March,all,Mr.Ogre,This is a fun game to kill time with and was having a lot of fun until I noticed it caps at level 12.Still it is well worth seven dollars if you enjoy the collect and craft genre.
,Recommended,568570,29649888,Posted: 2 February,all,GrandPa Gaming NL,"For this price, you can't go wrong. It's a fun game, well set up and quite unique in the whole survival scene. Set up camp, do the quests, fight enemies, get stronger yourself and get better equipment. With every new level you get new technologies, buildings and tools and weapons. Expand your camp to a small farm and eventually turn it into a small village. Catch animals, grow crops. Almost everything you find in the world can be used at some point. The world itself is huge, with various biomes and you need to clothe yourself to withstand the elements in those biomes.The quests are challenging and you need to use some tactics to defeat the enemies around you. The further you wander into the world, the stronger enemies you encounter. You can also catch some monsters to help you in your fights.The game has some issues, but the cool thing is that it will even run on my laptop with an Intel HD3000 gpu. Because of that I am willing to overlook the issues and just enjoy the game."
76561198013779216,Not Recommended,568570,34350075,Posted: 19 August,all,DD,"i spent very happy time for the first 20 hours, until my character reach level8.To achive level9, i was destinated to the very far side of the map, almost across the universe.i walked and walked, but at some point, temperature became too hot.i made and equip all anti-environment equippment, but that's not enough,i must eat prercious food all along the way, and at last reached the questing point, but many enemies showed ultra-response and rushed towards me.i tried almost everything, but temperature drained my HP so quickly.After 40 hours, i found myself doing nothing but bake bread for restoring  HP.i need 3 hours baking bread and consumed it for only 5minutes of fighting toward the questing point and retreat.i bake bread ,try forward and retreat again and again and again.i recommend this game IF YOU LOVE BAKING BREAD ALL THE TIME.Of course i don't.World is created each time you begin new game, so i understand sometimes i can't avoid picking up very unfriendly environment.But this is BEYOND try and challenge-matter.balancing was very poor and i abandoned playing after 20 hours  challnge and failure."
,Not Recommended,568570,29217804,Posted: 12 January,all,3RAS3R,"A great concept of a game, with very nice crafting and building mechanics, without the hunger and thirst, with one huge let down, that you cannot see if front of you, there is only one camera angle, this alone creates intolerable frustration, this for me ruined the whole game. Still a good game to try for the price, still I didnt enjoy it."
,Recommended,568570,28448688,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,UKSharon,nice game
76561198110095394,Recommended,568570,28438338,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,VonWeller,The good thing about this game is you can built anything anywhere in the map..as long as there is no enemy nearby and the best thing is it has huge map.
76561198079016138,Recommended,568570,31022982,Posted: 8 April,all,fwqsquirrel,"If you like grinding mats and build stuff, this game would suit you.tho some bugs here and there and many things need more improvements, the game does worth its price"
76561198236748184,Recommended,568570,28893732,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,goblin.queen,"First thing I'll say about this game is: the dev, Artem, appears to be very dedicated to his work and has been tirelessly working on updates since release earlier on in December. I paid £5.39 for my game and honestly, it was not such a huge outlay that I cannot be patient while all the bugs are being worked out. Much of it is about play testing at this stage, and while the bugs can be frustrating, I am really interested to see how this game shapes up in the future.The game does hook you right from the start, and this particularly if you are one of those people who understands that if you are going to get anywhere, it might take a lot of work. Some aspects of the game are a little grindy and repetitive and like many, I imagine, I have a whole list of things that I feel need changing...however, I can't deny that so far I have really enjoyed the process, and love pottering around my camp. For the price and the hours already spent on creating my little home, I'm sold on it. :}"
76561198010933023,Not Recommended,568570,28964638,Posted: 2 January,all,ciceqi,"I have to say, this is the most frustrating game I've played in a while.  Not because it's a bad game, which is the problem.  There are a lot of things I like about the game, including the scenery and the basic crafting setup.  It's the wonky design choices that make it so frustrating, and they all sort of tie in together for added frustration.First of all, the camera.  It's a static cam, which is just fine in some situations, like if you're on rails in close quarters, but this is an open world.  You have a very limited range where you can see danger coming, and seeing danger coming is hugely important, because everything that wants to kill you is faster than you are, and if there's a sprint key anywhere to be had, I haven't found it by looking at the control options.  You have one speed that seems to hinge on you being at max stamina, and it's too slow to do you any good.  You also have no armor to start with thanks to the layout of the skill tree.  You're going to learn how to tame a chicken, build a cook stove, and fry an egg before you ever get anything like armor, but you're still going to have to go fight goblins, and angry foxes, and wild boars, and heaven help you a bear if you don't see it in time, because the game requires you to have gold coins before you can level up.  So you're going to go fight all of those things literally in your underwear.  Crafting itself is somewhat deep, but slow, and I know I could speed some of it up by creating, say, an iron knife instead of a stone one to load into some of my crafting stations, only I'm running low on iron already and I'm hoping that eventually I will get to put some of it towards armor.  Instead of, you know, running out in my underwear to look for more iron rocks while failing to run away from things that want to kill me if I don't see them coming.  Add to that the fact that I have to go into a frozen-cam mode just to harvest anything or interact with crafting stations, and I'm left wondering what the purpose was behind all these clunky mechanics.I do like the game...sort of...but even thinking about starting it up again in the state it's currently in just leaves me feeling tired.  And I play a lot of Early Access games--probably half of my library is EA games--so it's not a lack of patience or willingness to experiment.  It's purely down to frustration at how many of the design choices have combined to turn a good game into an aggravating game.  I'd suggest waiting to see how it looks further down the line unless a big lure for you is ""but it's different!""  It is definitely different.  That doesn't always mean successful."
76561198009000488,Not Recommended,568570,30312658,Posted: 4 March,all,2fatactualnotinegypt,i would like to recomend this game itys fun but the combat is total♥♥♥♥♥
76561198183231681,Not Recommended,568570,29634351,Posted: 1 February,all,jakeNbake8991,i had to return it after the camera gets fixed ill try again but untill then i cant play it
76561198178304311,Not Recommended,568570,29863372,Posted: 11 February,all,Jayblack,"The game is cool at first. It's not a really good casual game or if you don't have time to dedicate to it, plan on doing stuff over and over again. The first say 5 levels are actually fairly doable but after that it just gets very tedious. The day/night cycle is entirely too short, it gets dark really fast and it's hard to see where you are when it's dark out. You can make a bed to skip the nights, but by the time you get to exploring and you get into it, it's magically night time again. The enemies in this game seem to enjoy ganking you, get a bit further done with the map and suddenly you'll get ambushed by mobs.Don't plan on getting any type of armor for the game till you reach level 7, and the armor is not good. There are also areas in the game you need warm clothes or cool clothes, some areas that are even colder than the clothes you craft so you take on damage. This could be a nice action rpg but there are too many annoying elements to make the game really that playable. In all, if you don't work, or maybe work part time, you'll possibly like this game. If you work and can only casually play the game, move on."
,Not Recommended,568570,29613543,Posted: 31 January,all,Alciya Dragonash,"This is an Early Access review, so i'm hoping these issues get adressed in future patches/versions...The concept is one we've seen before, Unnamed guy stranded on unnamed island, survive.my first complaint is that unless you are telling a -specific- story, there is no reason to not allow some style of character selection between male or female character. I make this grip for a lot of these games. Life Is feudal had it, but they eventually added the option. Savage Lands and Subnautica are other culprits that still has yet to make the fix. DEvs often cite 'it's a lto of work' and i'm sure it's a good bit of coding/modeling, but really... a little forethought for those of us who are not male gamers, who like ot see a girl in the lead... it's not that much to ask is it?The camera is VERY unintuitive... it would be easier to set Q & E as strafe and have A & D for turning, or something, than to have the mouse control the camera spin, especially when the pointer is your form of interacting with objects...a zoom option might be a good thing too, but that's a small nitpick...SAdly my play with this game has come to a halt due to multiple, consistent critical crashes. the kind that make you reach over and hard restart your whole system. i haven't tracked down the cause, but since it happens at the exact same moment, EVERY time, regardless of graphics settings, I'm giving up until there's more patches done on this to stabilize it a bit.I Really want to like this game, but the UI, controls, and character need a lot of work."
,Recommended,568570,28414675,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Away (Busy),"I didn't play the game much at all, but it seems very cool. My issue with it is the camera angle. It's extremely awkward, confined, and almost slightly nauseating. I feel a Life is Feudal esque view would work well. I returned the game for now, but if the camera angle is changed/fixed, I will immediately repurchase the game without hesitation."
76561198137231979,Recommended,568570,29477076,Posted: 24 January,all,𝕩 𝕩 𝕩ｓｔｕｄｉｏ,This game may be new but it a very good play for its price
,Recommended,568570,29861731,Posted: 11 February,all,Bombadillo09,Great game for such a low price.
76561197994939900,Recommended,568570,30585750,Posted: 18 March,all,SiL3v3rBird,"The game have lots of content, the map is sooo big.  you have teleport that you can create to save ur time for walking.  You can also play and see as you progress.   Getting new things to build.  Taming, animals farming, I am enjoy alot of it so much i couldn't stop playing lol."
76561198114269615,Recommended,568570,30713089,Posted: 24 March,all,icanmakeupurr,ok at first i didnt like this game do to the controls but after you get use to them it is a great game
76561198067918884,Recommended,568570,31978270,Posted: 26 May,all,Jonah Ressiv,"Well, I like it a lot.A nice light game with plenty of depth.It will keep me busy for another long time"
76561197984171125,Not Recommended,568570,30024565,Posted: 18 February,all,MazeReaugh,"Feels like its still early access. I've played for nearly 2 hours and got fed up because of how boring everything is. All the tags say that I'd be interested, the way they make it look say Id be interested BUT I'm not.My least favorite thing, The UI- The UI is grade A garbage -All the windows you need you have to access seperately, wouldn't be too bad if you didn't need to navigate them awkwardly to get everything you craft. (you need to open a window for the crafting menu which has all the recipies and then close it so you can get your crafted item(s). To be honest about half the time played I was navigating different windows.- Gameplay -The whole game is 1 big tutorial. All of it. Which is made worse with the bad UI. Granted my character only made it to be level 5 so it MIGHT get better, but I wasn't going to hold my breath. No real survival aspect but I'll explain more below.- ""Survival"" -STAMINA! The only survival aspect was the use of stamina. If you don't have it, eat. You can ""survive"" forever if you simply stand where you spawn and don't do anything. So you have a lack of motivation other then to complete the tutorials, which is there to give you something to do because if it wasn't there then you would be bored in a sandbox.- RPG -NO EXP. Everything follows the wim of the step by step quest/tutorial. You can't craft if your not the right level, continue the tutorial to level- Normal Navigation -Pretty rough to be honest. Pretty well everythign obstructs your path. It would be nice if I was able to pass through simple bushes or sunflower patches. Hacking things down to get at enemies make it more difficult to fight because it eats all your stamina- Visuals -To be honest im ok with the graphics, feels like runescape or the first sims games. The camera however is aweful. No matter the angle your visually impaired.Ugh.. To be honest Don't buy the game. At least until they make some MAJOR changes."
,Not Recommended,568570,30194519,Posted: 26 February,all,ButtonStuck,"I really on this game at first plays... but suddenly it just getting through something that just keep repeating itself.. i mean that i got better weapon to fight stronger AI ( different biomes, different skin colour of AI ) dont got any new mobs or something ??... thats all.. that just grap things to make thing.. nothing fun to be played actually... with the camera that offer sovery little view and controls... i would like a refund actually.."
76561198033055771,Recommended,568570,29278731,Posted: 15 January,all,Teckis,"A bit grindy, but pretty fun overall."
76561198098094860,Recommended,568570,30918803,Posted: 3 April,all,WD-40,"This game is Brilliant so i start with the good things first:One of my Favorites is the build and replace system thats missing in a lot of survival games, also the fights there are sometimes hard to win and but simply, you got a lot of weapons and they are not easy to get so it makes it a game with more hours to spend. the traping feels wierd but if you catch something its satisfying after all your hard Net throwing.thats the good part now the bad things:after some hours spend in the game the are things that i personaly miss, so theres no multiplayer i hope it is in sight for the next months. the next thing is many other games get a Mac support cause its obvious that are some players on mac aswell this combind with a multiplayer and you got a lot more options to do in the gamebut its a Great Game tho"
76561198217157160,Recommended,568570,30053531,Posted: 20 February,all,shaneculbertson1978,Awesome game.
76561198078738284,Recommended,568570,30403261,Posted: 8 March,all,JaggerNaught,"If you want to see my play through and judge me or the game, check out my channel. ​https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLbmYqqTpfGvCC6qITTnvEwThis game is fun if you have hours upon hours to grind. When you play the linear mode they are very restrictive on what you can or cannot. And there isn't a whole lot of balance. One of the early quests involves tons of killing enemies, except you don't have good weapons and you get overwhelmed really easily. Especially when you factor in the terrible camera angle. I finally gave up because I had to travel an incredible distance and died many times. Ultimately it came down to me not having any armor, not good enough weapons, terrible companions against hordes of enemies. So i stopped playing. It was fun while it lasted"
,Recommended,568570,31300306,Posted: 22 April,all,HelpMeImAwful,"A bit grindy, but fun. Definitely worth what I paid for it."
,Recommended,568570,32335940,Posted: 10 June,all,MiraEnvy,"I enjoy this game for the most part, but I will say the combat was very unsatisfactory in the beginning. It took 45 minutes just to complete the final level 2 quest. Without sufficient weaponry, this game is extremely hard to advance in. Would recommend, but can say it is not worth over $8.00. I see others have said the same or more negatively put the same description. Definitely have to be patient."
76561198061965461,Recommended,568570,32909348,Posted: 27 June,all,[K]oentzervazi,"Baru main 60 Menitan dan mayan juga gamenya. Konsepnya survival tapi ada juga sentuhan rpgnya (bayangin ae ada goblin wkwk). Kalo bisa dibilang mirip (konsepnya) minecraft, ya gak terlalu, soalnya disini miningnya cuman yagitu aja, gak seintense minekrep.Overall suka lhaa"
76561197999034250,Recommended,568570,34178643,Posted: 11 August,all,Snaxx,"If you enjoy slow and casual and , at times, semiviolent gameplay,..lol, then this game is it. The graphics are not all that and don't expect to be able to change cameras views..it aint happenin'. But the gameplay is pretty good.  Crafting, farming,  building and protecting it all is what you'll be doing most of the time.  I give a thumbs up."
76561198048630265,Recommended,568570,34055119,Posted: 6 August,all,Duck - HellpondGaming,"Since update hard to get in always loseing connection , takes forever just to connect to server , 40x slower since last update FIX"
76561198179086065,Recommended,568570,34310896,Posted: 17 August,all,rshidva,"A lovely game, very fun to play coop. Its complex  enugh without being too nerdy (as in : need to read an 1000 page book before being able to play). Very nice, and quality/price is perfect!"
,Recommended,568570,33431811,Posted: 10 July,all,Phantom Petrus,"Bought this game cause I'm a stingy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and didn't want to fork out $25 for LiF;Forest Village after watching my partner abuse the game for weeks on end. I decided to give this a shot, cause ♥♥♥♥ing $7.99 mate!Needless to say, we were both ♥♥♥♥ing impressed, little goblins chasing you round, goats and chickens that make your gay uncle Marvin look straight, and some madly entertaining gameplay.+1 to developers, may they continue to bless us with more rabbit chasing galore!"
76561198130858509,Recommended,568570,34069146,Posted: 6 August,all,PhxGhostHunter,"Game is kind of addicting, I keep playing to see what else I can build. But, like any early access games there are things to be inproved. The crafting system needs work, the navigating through the bushes and trees gets very annoying very quickly. This games seems to be a survival game, why are there gobins?If you like early access and are willing to keep at the game, then youd enjoy this"
,Recommended,568570,34065684,Posted: 6 August,all,Garfink,"I have around 12 hours into the game, this one is an odd game.  It is grindy, monotonous, slow paced, graphics are meh, sound is basic as hell but for some strange reason it is very addictive.  Its got that... civilisation-one-more-turn feel to it.  What keep you going is all the cool stuff that opens up to you to craft once you level up.  The new gear means you can push further into the wilderness and see more biomes, loot and monsters.The interface is okay, could do with some more hotkeys here and there, but nothing too essential missing.  The sound is passable, at least its not too annoying.  one tip:  put the portal away from your main area, it has an annoying loud hum that made me turn down the game's volume and it can't be moved once placed.  The graphics are passable, its not cute, charming or beautiful, but does the job ok.  The movement of the player is a little slow, wish he can run faster.  You can't out run any of the creatures in the game really.NO, despite what other reviewers have said... no this game doesn't lend itself to roleplaying, its mechanics are too predictable, ""mechanical"" and linear for any meaningful roleplaying.Another complaint:  The pacing is haphazard, Thing were slow but steady until level 6 to level 7, it got super slow to level up with a bunch of hard to do quests and what is most annoying is the RNG required to get the 5 gold bars to levelup,  (To get gold bars you need gold coins drop randomly from goblins, this took absolutely forever at this stage.  Once you grind pass level 7, the RNG for getting gold is mitigated somewhat by the much better weapons you get at level 7 and so you are killing stuff much quicker.  I haven't done the level 7 quests yet, but they seem to have returned to reasonable again.   Hope it doesn't slow down again, its a slow going game that can feel like a glacial slog if it slows down any further, I was tempted to quit for the night during level 6.The good:  Its a solid game, very tight, even though the level questing is linear there is room for variety in terms of the efficiency engine you want to create for yourself.  Not quite open-world variety, but what little there is makes your decisions feel important.  The loot is well thought out and nothing is obsolete and everything seems consequential.  The price is definitely a bonus.  Played this alone and probably wouldn't be a good multiplayer game with adult gamers (at least my gaming buddies, the pace is way too slow.  As a single player that is exceptable, I could be listening to music or something), but I could see this work with young kids though.Yes, I would recommend this game to those that enjoy an old school slow-paced linear leveling survival game that is well designed and tight and have a real addictive quality to it, then go for it, the price is fair.  If you want adrenaline pumping action, hair-pulling difficulty, or a game that is difficult to master, you are going to be disappointed."
,Recommended,568570,34379804,Posted: 20 August,all,MR.EDM,"I love this game, I've never heard of the developers before in my life, so i took a stab in the dark here and im glad i did. This little gem of a game is worth every penny, and this game isnt even finished yet.The updates are little additions here and there, as well as little changes. So far im loving this game and would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a change from the triple A titles and want to kill some hours on indie games."
76561197978367331,Recommended,568570,34444563,Posted: 23 August,all,Jimbo,This game is very fun. Combat is a bit simplistic but the crafting system is very evolved. A very enjoyable game to play while also listening to a book :)
76561198083981571,Recommended,568570,34783915,Posted: 6 September,all,cmiller1776,I like this game. Lots to keep you busy. Combat is pretty simply but I'm not to good at it. So I die probably more than most will. I like the person level survival game but hate freakin' Zombies. Islands are big. Wish i could find more like it
76561197975275095,Recommended,568570,31059416,Posted: 10 April,all,NUTTY,A lot of enemies to kill that gets annoying at times but a good game overall.
76561198358871444,Recommended,568570,29543819,Posted: 28 January,all,dovydas2244,1.0.13 after the upgrade can not play because the game stops working and shuts down
76561198109101386,Recommended,568570,33206962,Posted: 3 July,all,GlacialFrost,"Decent-Traps barely work and you need to finish quests to progress, die way to easily and, buy if you like"
,Recommended,568570,35076178,Posted: 19 September,all,KillKirby,"Good game, Well worth the small price. I hope there's more to come."
76561198376605372,Recommended,568570,31320183,Posted: 23 April,all,stormdreamer3,"Great Game, But can u change it so u can a Girl aswell as a Boy."
76561198035689240,Not Recommended,568570,32178710,Posted: 4 June,all,str(Math.pi),"Like some reviews I've seen I've been disapointed with this game. The graphics are fine, the ambiance is very cool and I was looking for a ""survival-building"" game. But then the game wouldn't let me explore or survive. It got me into doing chores until I was completely bored with it.There are still issues with the hit boxes (those damned bushes) and the control could be a little more responsive. But what killed the game for me was the levels and the quests and the quests and the other quests...For me, it could benefit from a ""hunger"" system, but not everybody agrees with that and that's fine. Still. Please make the ""tutorial"" a tutorial. Very simple. Short. And let us discover what we want to do next. And then I'd defenitely recommend this game!"
76561198055426325,Recommended,568570,29405942,Posted: 21 January,all,Guitarthur,"This game is really nice. I like that it is linear because it explains how to do things, and you will never feel lost. You will have a hard time running out of things to do in this game, and getting to know the island simply by living there is a joy in itself. The game is challenging but you will never feel like you aren't mmaking progress.All in all, if you are looking for a relaxing game, this is it."
,Recommended,568570,31839614,Posted: 19 May,all,pixelsnprints,"It has some strict rules and this is definely not a game you can speed up from the start, you are set on a long journey to complete tasks. It is amazing though and this comes from a person who regularly plays Dark Souls, Skyrim, Dead Space, and alike. It gives me the feel of a SIMS game. The cost for what you get here is 100% on and I do not feel it is unreasonable. Make sure you stock up on coconuts and bananas and your main priority is to get to the cooking station and stock up so once you get here stay here awhile and have fun building your farm. Make solid plans before you venture too far out into the wilderness!"
76561198043059130,Not Recommended,568570,29973053,Posted: 16 February,all,Radiant Rainbow,"Okay, I was really looking forward to playing this game, but *so many* problems came up that I just gave up before even trying, so that I didn't waste any time in getting my refund.First, the game captures the mouse.  Not a big deal for most people, but for someone who streams games as a hobby and likes to be able to use my secondary monitor at all, this is kind of big, but wouldn't have still been an issue if the game didn't also minimize upon hitting alt-tab to switch out of it so that I could have my mouse back.  Multi-tasking is a huge deal to me, and so that's a major strike, right there, and I'm filing it under poor UI design.Second, I couldn't capitalize letters in the world name nor use any punctuation.  More accurately, I had to use all capital letters, SO THAT IT LOOKED LIKE SOMEONE WAS YELLINLG THE WORLD NAME AT ALL TIMES.  All caps is, as one can tell, an eyesore and again, this is really poor UI design.  As a game developer and someone who has written an operating system from scratch, knowing the difference between when someone is holding their shift key and when they are not is kind of a no-brainer.Third, and I see this, time and again in the video games industry, but not only no character customization, but I'm railroaded into being a male character.How long did y'all spend developing this game?  I can tell there are a lot of gameplay elements that could have led to this being a pleasant experience with hours of gameplay for me (just look at how much time I've spent on other sandbox games like Wurm Unlimited, Terraria, Creativerse, and Starbound).It's not for me."
,Not Recommended,568570,29934833,Posted: 14 February,all,killwort,"Too much grind. Too slow progress. Hey guys, it's a singleplayer game, why it cannot be faster paced? Why I need to grind to get to next level?The answer is simple: no content. You cannot craft anything you want, you must do quests which say 'go build a table' or 'get next level', and to get next level you just bring some crafting materials like 5 golden bars, 30 logs, etc. Seriously, why the game tries to push me? Isn't it supposed to be sandbox designed to entertain me?Summary:Pros:Nice graphics. Minecraft-style really sux.Somewhat challenging, thought challenge comes through grind.Cons:Grind, grind, grind.Fights imbalance. You just cannot kill some animals cause they run away at 20%HP, you cannot outun them and bow is too low DPS  to finish them. And they return after some time with full HP.  BTW you cannot run away from fight, mobs will pursue you cross the map.Crafting imbalance. Most recipes take too long to complete. Most plants grow too fast. E.g. to make piece of burning wood you need 1 minute at fireplace and wheats grows from seed at the same exact time. Add to this some crazy recipes like compass = 2 copper bars + 4 glass bars + 2 tin bars +4 gold bars (guys, there must be iron or some other ferromagnetic stuff in compass, not gold which is uber-grindy to obtain in game)Respawn. WHY MOBS KEEP SPAWNING IN MY BASE???Bad camera. You cannot see anything 20 meters away.Outdated graphics.So in general you have generic crafting/survival game suitable for children. Go buy Rust."
,Recommended,568570,29522184,Posted: 27 January,all,Lard SAMADOV,this game is good try it if u love survival games andshit
76561198066553474,Not Recommended,568570,34676222,Posted: 1 September,all,Trustno1,"This game feels like it wants to be a more visually realistic version of don't starve or even stardew however it waaaay misses the mark. The gfx are buggy there are menus upon menus to get in the way of things. There are limited quick buttons. Uou have to press space just to see what in front of you you can interact with...and then you click on said thing.In addition there is no real survival mechanic. You can eat but you don't starve, you can drink but you won't die of thrust and you can make fire but wont burn or freeze or over heat to death. With that all said tbh i don't really see the point, you want to build without dying etc get stardew. You want survival move to don't starve or even rust, both are literary better."
76561198260679013,Recommended,568570,31019685,Posted: 8 April,all,brandonchristy94,Pretty cool game
76561197963476665,Recommended,568570,31484151,Posted: 1 May,all,Eskimo,A cheap game that is alot better than 95% of the games in steam.
76561198042701643,Recommended,568570,28686357,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Barney Lee,"PLEASE NOTE -  this review is not the original review i made (my youtube channel has since been deleted - by me and i now have a new one)This game (i have not played in a while) is amazing*Sims Castaway for PC* done right.short and sweet i would say if you ever played that PSP game *Sims castaway* and enjoyed it, then you will get hours of fun out of this one.It *can* be seen as a bit *hard-core* and steep learning curve - so be carefulPLEASE NOTE II - i have not played in a while but i loved how it *was* and i SHOULD play it again (i know it has been updated a few times since original review)Curret verdict (going by past experience) 10/10 buy this game!(i aim to play this game again soon and to update my review once more (if needed) to reflect this)"
,Not Recommended,568570,30107628,Posted: 22 February,all,onixtro,"i cant play with out crashes, reported to the developers all the things they needed and so far they cant explain what is happening, did play in other pc's and same issue ocurred. maybe later this game will be more interesting, i cant do much because it crashes constantly and the saves are way back from what i achieved before the crash"
76561198208752256,Recommended,568570,32150160,Posted: 3 June,all,Raggamuffin,"I really like this game, too bad the renderong distance is so short."
76561198041002665,Recommended,568570,31158753,Posted: 15 April,all,Green777,"Just bought it, not my usual type of game but  i liked it. makes a welcome change"
76561198093713895,Not Recommended,568570,33756679,Posted: 23 July,all,Stanley Forever,Nothing regenerates
76561198034922173,Recommended,568570,32867182,Posted: 27 June,all,Davy Mcnuggets,"it will run on a potato, plus it gat good promises, if the dev team listen to us. of course."
,Not Recommended,568570,29949720,Posted: 15 February,all,duncan,"Grindy. Tedious. Frustrating.In a survival game you have an expectation that you will start with nothing, and build up slowly. In the beginning, even something as simple as gathering dirt can be difficult, but that's OK, it's temporary. You just need to increase your tech level, right?Well, maybe, but after 6 hours I was still digging dirt, one by one, with a stick. My efficiency in gathering any single resource had not improved at all in this time. Everything is unecessarily tedious. Even something as simple as hunting is terribly frustrating since everything runs away from you. A fox or boar will flee at low health, they run much faster than you, and your bow will not finish them off before they are out of range. You can follow them, try to at least, but more often than not another predator will force you to stop and deal with them, and then they too will run away. You are left bloodied and having gained nothing, over and over.My primary critique is that the carrot leading you forward isn't attractive. You almost dread new tech unlocking because it doesn't reward the player with time, only more problems. New things to build is a great reward assuming those new things solve an existing problem. Nothing I had built leading up to my eventual stoppage had solved a problem I was having. They only compounded the time I needed to spend collecting things that were not fun to collect.I believe the bones of a rewarding gameplay experience are present here. The tech curve can be smoothed a bit, removing some of the grinding and waiting, without changing what is good about the game.I spent less than $10 on this game, and in no way do I feel cheated. But I also feel like the game forced me to stop before I really wanted too. I wanted to explore, I wanted to build, I wanted to fight, but I was unwilling to dig 50 clay with a stick, or chase a stupid fox into the woods for his claws, or hover over my woefully inefficient crops to scrounge up enough beans to make a single cup of coffee."
76561198087859824,Recommended,568570,28874432,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fey142,Great game.
,Recommended,568570,31876389,Posted: 20 May,all,Echo0 RustyPot.com,"this game is nice, a little bit hardcore but thats it, i have alot of fun on it."
76561198009958363,Recommended,568570,34732533,Posted: 4 September,all,MightyMorphinPowerRager,"Controls are a little bit awkward at first, but you get used to it pretty quickly.Its a good game so far.Its not really a survival game - not enough survival mechanics in this game.Pro:-alot of stuff to gather-alot of stuff to craft-farming-animals-combat(pretty basic though)-pretty relaxingCon:-pretty grindy-combat is pretty basic-no hunger / thirst (pretty big thing to me, would improve this game by ALOT)-art style/colors ware a bit depressing-clunky ui. it works, but it could be improvedafterall i give it 5 out of 10 points, and recommend it cause its definitily worth 7,99€"
76561198122158925,Recommended,568570,34803466,Posted: 7 September,all,leezhide,"OMG! This game is awesome once you gte materials and all that, but please do download this!"
76561198070945451,Recommended,568570,34678459,Posted: 2 September,all,mannfamily3,"Me and my wife really enjoy this game , it has its kinks and needs work ..hope the devs put time into this and dont abandon it ."
,Not Recommended,568570,31697882,Posted: 12 May,all,dbvel,"With only one hour of game, the survival struggle of this survival game was over, I was already settled.Thirty minutes later I was already beginning that longest process of looking for higher ranked resources to get the next best craftable gear, right after I just crafted what was the best gear I could craft so far with the resources I could find so far. Find resource, then craft gear, then get blueprint of better equipment, then unlock next level of the same process: this is a process to which a lot of games insist reducing themselves. Besides this, I had two options: minecrafting all sorts of things just for the sake of minecrafting all sorts of things; or hunting monsters and looking for dungs. But: I got sick of the long time-consuming grinding and waiting for work stations to produce things; and those scattered mobs of different monsters wandering around an island waitting to be killed are just poor RPG."
,Not Recommended,568570,28408544,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bruwt Force,"The game play is great in termns of content, and things to do. I just can't get past the camera angle and how rigid it is with it's top down approach. Also not having a minimap on screen, combined with the camera angle, makes it hard to get around. If those could be changed, then I think I could spend hours and hours in this game, but as it stands I just can't play it or recommend it - should the developer change those two gripes, then my review will change instantly."
76561198011609921,Not Recommended,568570,29869890,Posted: 12 February,all,Nancy,"One word! ""HORRIBLE""This game is ALL about very very slow grinding grinding grinding and losing your hard earned crafting mats, food, gear, etc as a death penalty. Not to mention the difficulty in accessing certain areas. I cant even put into words the amount of frustration this game has given me. I spent hours upon hours trying to get the second force of nature gem at level 7. I would continually get mobed by grouped npcs level 20+, get killed and lose most of my food. Upon respawning at home base, I would have to restock on materials which took atleast 30 mins to complete and head out again to make another attempt at getting the gem. By the time I got to the destination, all npcs had respawned thus having to clear the area again. (Rinse and Repeat)This could be a very good game if it were more forgiving. If you dont mind a slow grinding challenging game where you dont mind losing hard earned materials, then this is for you. As for me, this has been extremly frustrating, unrewarding and a waste of my time.  ""DELETE"""
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,568570,34805046,Posted: 7 September,all,Ketamarine,What? No.Total grindfest. Unexplained mechanics and a stupid system where you lose huge amounts of resources when you die.The level 7 quest takes hous of grinding and is not in any way fun.
76561198308605439,Not Recommended,568570,29199913,Posted: 12 January,all,SweenyTodd,"Pro's:Keeps you busyCon's:Looks as thougbh it has a 2bit ingame MapFar too GrindyYou get led through the game in a continuous Tutorial style quest systemYou can't level up without grinding for items it is going to take from youSingle player.No trading system.No Trading cards.Oh, did I mention the map?  It is from something my 4 yr old great niece could make, you can't tell anything from anything else it is that badly formed.Game Dev's take ages to get back to you (Last Problem post replied to : December 2016)  Too long to be replied to for a game as young as this on steam even though the game is supposed to actually be quite an onld one.It is like they have added this game to steam to get play time from people....The more you grind the more game time they get from you and the better they look in Steam's eyesNot worth the money you pay for it."
76561198035605025,Not Recommended,568570,29213479,Posted: 12 January,all,Rellik242,"You can't move the camera while you're trying to pick up crafting supplies, the quests are super hand-holdy, and the game crashed twice on me in 12 minutes."
,Not Recommended,568570,33790014,Posted: 25 July,all,Pirdy,"Got it for the multiplayer aspect, however that portion of the game isn't complete. I'll consider changing my review if they remove the limit that requires multiplayer characters to stay near each other. The game is a grind fest."
76561198077101793,Not Recommended,568570,28620538,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,meatsteak,"A sandbox game with limited depth, despite how it may advertise itself.If you end up buying this game, the most important thing to know is that you need to kick bushes (R click) to get palm leaves at the start. Might sound intuitive, but it really isn't."
,Not Recommended,568570,29044425,Posted: 5 January,all,Zauber Paracelsus,"The game is tedious, dull, and overly restrictive.  It offers little of the freedom of a sandbox game, and instead forces you to complete objectives in order to learn how to craft things, which can only be crafted upon reaching certain levels.  Not only that, but you can only craft a limited number of the structures each level.  For example, upon learning to craft anvils, you can only craft one and must level up in order to craft another.The user interface design is also pretty awful.  If you want to pick up items and drops, you have to open the menu.  Also while the menu is open, you can move around, but you cannot turn, and you cannot mine, dig, chop trees, or fight, and while the menu is closed you cannot inspect the progress of the various crafting stations.  Items also take a substantial time to craft, sometimes a minute or more.  Combat has no depth, it involves little more than just holding down the LMB until the enemy falls down or runs away.I never got far past building a stick hut and a table, and it took a few hours of playtime just to get to that point.  Around that time I realized that the game just wasn't fun, and I can't really say I ""played"" the game because it never really felt like I was playing.I get more satisfaction out of doing the dishes than I do out of this game.  Speaking of which, I need to go do the dishes."
76561198108120615,Recommended,568570,34396012,Posted: 21 August,all,Worsum1968,"I actually have really been enjoying this game. That is, until my quest required that I fight a goblin to get to the next level. I really do like this game but find that I have gone as far as I am able to go now since I do not like games that require me to fight things. I just get too freaked out! I checked out the settings and am unable to play in a peaceful mode which in my opinion, should be optional.It was fun while it lasted."
76561198361446420,Recommended,568570,31894223,Posted: 21 May,all,barbiewees,Very good game
,Recommended,568570,28521486,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Effgee,"I've got a video on this if you want to see some gameplay and get a feel for how it works:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty2AIZCXtuUI haven't got tonnes of hours in this, yet, but I can say that it is fun so far. The crafting, building and collecting is all pretty intuitive although it's very UI-heavy.  It'd be nice if you didn't have to interrupt gameplay so much to click on labels or dive into recipe menus.Controls are responsive. The camera angle creates a bit of a disconnect between you and the character you're controlling though. I kept wanting to move the camera (which you can't do as far as I can tell).The sound is passable. It doesn't detract from the game but it also doesn't add a great deal. It is early access, though, so this may be a later asset that they intend to introduce.Overall, after my short time playing, I'm finding it enjoyable and (bearing in mind this is Early Access and may not progress any further than its current state) I think it's worth taking a look at if you like survival, gathering and crafting games."
76561198228285476,Not Recommended,568570,29911567,Posted: 13 February,all,gangoroth,"- Quests NEED to be completed to gain levels- NEED to gain levels to unlock recipes- NEED those recipes to craft stuff- Animals are cowards- Hostiles never quit and everything is faster than you- no hunger/thirst, just stamina and health- No story(?)"
,Recommended,568570,28971578,Posted: 3 January,all,maxim,Great game i love it!
76561197999412590,Not Recommended,568570,28926067,Posted: 1 January,all,Striker,cool little game.. but it too much of a GRIND right now needs to be re-balanced first.I will change my rating when its better..
76561198243613228,Not Recommended,568570,28911848,Posted: 1 January,all,redhunt221,this game started out fun but its so unbalanced lv 1 mobs i was killing with 2 hits when i was lv 2 still take 2 hits at lv 7 with a better weapon what little armor i can make i have to replace with clothes that keep me cool so no armor going up against harder mobs trying to get the second force of nature you get 3 mobs on you your dead and everything respawns so you start over....
76561198056776867,Recommended,568570,31609278,Posted: 7 May,all,lady_hyena,its very good but i feel the turning controls could be made more accessible.
76561198298568058,Recommended,568570,31408830,Posted: 27 April,all,Roger Roger Roger Ro.....,"It definitely is an awesome idea, however, maybe the developers should sell the rights to the game to a more advanced developement team that can make this game the way it should be... BEAUTIFUL!"
76561198163668767,Recommended,568570,31626255,Posted: 8 May,all,HOLLOWSOLDI3R,I am enjoying every moment of this game and i want to thank you for this oppertunity!. Keep up the great work!
76561198045862693,Recommended,568570,33762258,Posted: 24 July,all,MangoTango,You need to give this game time...the build up takes a while.
76561198007429976,Not Recommended,568570,29325239,Posted: 17 January,all,RogueDeus,"Don't make the mistake of watching someone play this game and think it might be fun...Where it may have a reasonably executed crafting mechanic, the controls kill it.What on earth the developer was thinking, binding mouse look to camera swivle and forcing you to hotkey lock the camera to interact with the environment, is beyond my comprehension. W...T...F... ?!?"
,Recommended,568570,28573114,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tony,"Great game. Fun and refreshing! If you are on the fence, BUY IT. You will not be dissapointed (well you might be, if you are a whiny little ♥♥♥♥♥, if you expect the world and offer nothing in return, if you are a spoiled brat or if you just like to watch the world burn; otherwise, you will enjoy this game). For $7.99 USD you can't complain anyway. I would gladly pay upwards of $20 for this game. Buy it. Play it. Love it. STFU."
,Not Recommended,568570,28930841,Posted: 1 January,all,Gadget,"It isn't really open or sandbox. I played for about 30 minutes and kept running into limitations. The primary limitations were having to have a certain level to craft something, and the other was that the plants blocked my path pretty much anywhere I went."
76561198129363384,Not Recommended,568570,29752987,Posted: 6 February,all,Mudbucket,"Don't buy this, still too buggy."
,Not Recommended,568570,28955340,Posted: 2 January,all,Cretin_Yes,"It was listed as open and sandbox, and it's not (see other reviews).  It also has a rather clumsy interface, far outstripped by a number of Alpha games, such as Novus Inceptio .  Not worth the time or money."
,Not Recommended,568570,33831461,Posted: 27 July,all,RawCode,"absurd combat system with ONLY clicking involved, zero ways to dodge attacks or play around ""stronger"" oppenents.also creatures chase you constantly, there is no way to escape or run awayand stupid foxes"
76561197979518268,Not Recommended,568570,29049864,Posted: 5 January,all,SuperPhly,"The control scheme is downright barbaric. It's slow and clunky with very little in the way of options. The camera is fixed so you never actually see any farther than about 30 feet in front of you. Any game that has you thinking about how bad the controls are rather than just playing and having fun is, in my opinion, not playable."
76561198016384006,Not Recommended,568570,34200068,Posted: 12 August,all,CheeseAlmighty,"It's... Alright. I've played my share of these kind of games, but this wasn't one of the top ones for me.Idea is interesting, not so much in terms of execution. Grindy, slow gameplay with no real payoff.Better off playing something like Life is Feudal. Or any minecraft modpack."
76561197962554783,Not Recommended,568570,30595601,Posted: 18 March,all,TEMPEST,"TOO LINEAR. Besides that, it's just neat."
,Not Recommended,568570,28354598,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[F-7] Mister Naga,"The game seems like it still needs a lot of work. You're locked to bird's eye view of your character, without the ability to zoom in or out.There are a few major annoyances too, that I found to be way too annoying to enjoy the game. For example. If you close a crafting menu after you initate crafting, to get to the menu where you claim the crafted item, you have to fiddle with all other menus until it will randomly come into focus again.Item names are only seen (for items on the ground) when you are in inventory view. While this may be fine, when you're in inventory view, you are locked to a single direction of travel. Whever your char is pointing at the time, is where you can go forward/back and strafe... but not turn. Turning is done when you are out of any menus' only.Overall, I cannot recommend the game that forces you to struggle with the UI more than trying to play the game."
,Not Recommended,568570,32227448,Posted: 6 June,all,Roshi,"The combat in this game is just slow, frustrating and terrible, I really tried to enjoy/like this game but the combat just ruins the whole game for me.EDIT: If you can get used to the retãrded combat, you will have no problem with the game."
,Not Recommended,568570,32211782,Posted: 5 June,all,Coldrain,Creative mode takes away the quests and the craftable items/constructions locked behind leveling. Just a little tip. Can't really recommend the game. Everything goes way too slow.
,Not Recommended,568570,32420281,Posted: 14 June,all,coachemcee1992,"game is good but it crashes after u hit level 7 and wont let u load your save , then steam wont refund me considering a game that is unplayable now i tried 2 different saves same issue so annoyed either poor game or steam i aint decided whom to complain to about this"
,Not Recommended,568570,31791894,Posted: 16 May,all,Mr.B,"I kinda like the game. And i would keep it if not for the insanely slow movement speed. It takes me minutes to walk between my buildings. or even to get to a tree i can chop. And for some reason i can't even speedhack it.Adding a 'drive me crazy' slow movement speed, that gets even slower with an essential thing like armor. And then adding it to game that is all about grinding and exploring. Is the worst idea a developer can ever have. So i will refund the game."
,Not Recommended,568570,30009706,Posted: 18 February,all,kimatom,생존게임 좋아해서 사서하는데. 재밌긴한데 존나 짜증나는 요소가 많음.밤되면 진짜 실루엣도 안보이는경우도 있고 몬스터 존나 피터지게 때리니까도망치고.  레알 욕나옴 그리고 좀 답답함..
76561198105669717,Recommended,568570,31546535,Posted: 4 May,all,EricThorwaldson,I really enjoy this game...but the camera style should be better...and maybe a different gender option?
,Not Recommended,568570,29695495,Posted: 4 February,all,alkatraz604,Love this type of game but the UX on this & slow gameplay just kill it for me.
76561198050585778,Not Recommended,568570,28941004,Posted: 2 January,all,Fluff,"Its a fun game the first few hours up until level 6 and you are about to do the final quest before leveling up. That quest is unbalanced you will get to many mobs on you to stay alive, and when you respawn all the enemies have also respawed."
76561198038503816,Recommended,568570,31120705,Posted: 13 April,all,dayjavoo,What can I say: I like it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197971254947,Not Recommended,568570,31845292,Posted: 19 May,all,Terrak,"For the love of god, fix the camera angle."
,Not Recommended,568570,29246823,Posted: 14 January,all,Souly,"The game crashed 3 times in less then half an hour. Now I wont start again at beginnin. I hope that you can fix this crashes, so I can update my review because the first impression was positive. So I'm a little sad =("
,Not Recommended,568570,29015607,Posted: 4 January,all,Nandu666,This is not a very good game. I can't imagine why there are so many positive reviews.
76561198012738978,Recommended,568570,34806747,Posted: 7 September,all,evileyes,its entertaining
,Not Recommended,568570,29615713,Posted: 31 January,all,The Musician,This game is not a sandbox game. Highly disappointed. Only just bought it too.
,Not Recommended,568570,28383788,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Hi Im Davey,"Got bored 90 mintues in... Some may find it refereshing but I found the successes to be empty and the progression not very satisfying. Likes nice at first, but the simplicity and repetativeness are a bit much in the early game."
,Not Recommended,568570,29856250,Posted: 11 February,all,- J -,P.S not a sandbox
76561198250283818,Not Recommended,568570,33644814,Posted: 18 July,all,Fractured_Bum,"I got bored. Fast. Was excited to play this and bought it when the July sale came out. But I was a little disappointed when I saw that I have to unlock everything and have to wait days on end (in game) until I can actually build anything. I played this for less than an hour and just stopped. I liked the idea/concept of the game, but I would like to just have everything there at once to build. And maybe have the days and nights a bit more lengthy."
76561197973282985,Not Recommended,568570,30792733,Posted: 28 March,all,l2adiant,Owned this game all of 10 minutes then asked for a refund from steam.  I couldn't get past the very start. The game would load and run fine..then CRASH.
,Not Recommended,568570,31796616,Posted: 16 May,all,nosevole,"Very unpleasant feel to the game. Awkward camera angle, ugly animation, no ability to play a custom character, lots of work needed here."
76561198280419577,Not Recommended,568570,28359337,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Siobhalla,"Although I think this could be a fun game, the forced camera angle is horrible allowing you to only see what's right around you and at a downward angle.  If the devs should choose to change this I think the game will be much more playable.  The viewpoint is frustrating.  Once this is changed I'd prob. give it a thumbs up.  With this current problem though I can't stand playing the game long enough to see alot of it.  :/"
,Not Recommended,568570,31416441,Posted: 28 April,all,Pampalini,Beginning is fun but soon you get a lot of grinding
76561198202659122,Not Recommended,568570,33456754,Posted: 11 July,all,LinuX - LV,game crush every 5 - 10 mins comon...
,Not Recommended,568570,28554067,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,LivingLitch,"It takes to long to do anything. With my hour and a half play Im still only level 4 because its not a ""kill stuff get exp"" or ""do quests get exp"" kind of RPG leveling, its a ""craft X and have Y materials"" kind of leveling. Ontop of that stamina regen is slow. You start with about .22 stamina regen and gain .02 every level. With 80 stamina that takes 76.92 seconds to regen it all. This adds up over time. Im going to get a refund and I hope that doesnt remove this review."
,Not Recommended,568570,31169773,Posted: 15 April,all,Gaiyamato,This game is rubbish. Serious amateur time. Barely even runs properly and is pointlessly grindy and boring. How did this even get onto Steam? Was this game made by 10 year olds as a school project?
76561198036643768,Not Recommended,568570,32827912,Posted: 26 June,all,Twitch/BeaverHeadProductions,"This game is absolute GARBAGE!! This camera is too funky, and will make you sick, and dizzy. Who makes the spacebar the camera? What is this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,568570,29060150,Posted: 6 January,all,CrosSci,"Should see Negative CUSTOMER REVIEWS before buy this game... if you are hard-core survival gamer, it's interesting game, (more meaning ""hard-core"")2Hr is not enough to play this game"
,Not Recommended,568570,29936397,Posted: 14 February,all,Tim Curry Smile,It's an open world with a heavily restricted progression system. This game sounded right up my alley until I started playing it.
,Not Recommended,568570,31217729,Posted: 18 April,all,Thibni,"The game lacks in motion control  in space and time awareness. It's too childish for a man that enjoys the difficulties of Indie games and too complicated for a child. It is neither captivating nor motivating to consider moving forward. I am still unsure what the author of this game wanted to accomplish.So, have fun figuring it out because I gave up early in the beginning of the game."
76561198031152822,Not Recommended,568570,29130937,Posted: 8 January,all,Sin,Movement is clunky and the camera view is total crap.
,Not Recommended,568570,30959614,Posted: 5 April,all,gerd,10/10 Would refund after 17 min again
76561197991325579,Not Recommended,568570,28454531,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Spook79,Hugely annoying to find items in the beginning of the game. There are no tool tips for items on the ground unless you have a crafting menu open which makes it impossible to rotate the 3rd person camera. Could not find enough palm leaves early on to make rope which was neccesary to make an axe to get more palm leaves to make rope. Got stuck at this point and just decided to try another game.
76561198032074455,Not Recommended,568570,29791060,Posted: 8 February,all,Skindagger,This is kakashka.
,Not Recommended,568570,28478374,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Coldfire,"whoever decided to make it so theres no tooltips for items WITHOUT MENUS OPEN. which means you CANNOT rotate the camera is a complete idiot. horrible game design. then not only is this stupid but the items you craft have to then be clicked and taken to inventory. lesson one of development. MORE CLICKS ARE BAD. ridicules clicking in this game for managment, crafting and just adding items. even the menus are horribly designed. sorry this game is stupidly early and horribly designed ui. DO NOT RECOMMEND"
,Not Recommended,568570,28364885,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,sam,"Why I dislike this game:- I appear to have woken up on a beach, as a... brown-haired white man. How dull.- These bushes are weirdly solid... I can't even get close to that spidly leaf? Really?- While I'm always looking at the ground IRL, if I'm looking for palm leaves and strawberry plants in a place devoid of other people I will definitely want to look around. But I can't. So I'm on a beach and can't remember which way the sea is...- Speaking of camera controls, I'd rather not have to do this funky crab-walk whenever I want to pick something up, and when I'm exploring, I'd really like to see if that cool-looking object is pick-up-able.- You're telling me that if I dig my digging stick into grass, I can't get soil? What's this grass growing on, bedrock?- Too many inventory windows. IMO, character, inventory, crafting and building could have gone in one tabbed window that stays open while camera controls/picking up objects remains enabled. Too much clicking and not enough playing!Why I like this game:- Quests: few at a time, easy at first, difficulty increasing. Great way to learn the controls and game mechanics.- Mining/gathering/crafting/building: easy to understand, fun and realistic (both in terms of materials found/needed and time taken to gather/make).- Stamina: could be a little more balanced but overall is realistic. Also got me wanting bananas now...- Graphics: the world is pretty and the weather effects are both cool and realistic!- The aesthetic and aims of the game combine to make it feel really relaxed and chill, if you ignore the frustration from the UI/camera controls.TL;DR: UI and cameral controls are rubbish but the ideas behind the game are good, making it feel like it should be early access. It definitely has the potential to be fun but right now it's just a little irritating."
76561198291051766,Not Recommended,568570,32023159,Posted: 28 May,all,Nico,not a fan of the game sorry to say
76561198356033926,Not Recommended,568570,31596728,Posted: 6 May,all,hudsonwatts,this game is pretty crapy.
76561198094743513,Recommended,568570,28883667,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Stoldent,Cool game. What made me happy was the price. This game is really cheap and really fun. Until I wandered into like 5 Goblins  and in the prosses of running I got trapped by bushes and could not take out the golblins in time before I died. Tip-  Dont atrract more than one Goblin unless you can handle it.Fun game. Try it.
,Recommended,568570,30096084,Posted: 22 February,all,Jnikz,"Amazing game.. Should be worth 20$ in my opinion.PROS:-Open World adventure-Interaction with almost everything, bushes, trees and stones.. Sometimes you have to wack bushes just to progress through the map.-In depth crafting and building-Combat and dodging mechanics.-A lot of tameable animals for materials.-Principle of farming first before going out to adventure, or else you get rekt.-Weather matters, so you need to craft appropriate gears before you progress further.CONS:-Camera angle will be difficult, but gets easier as you get used to it-Bound by quest in order to level up. You have to do quests as a requirement to progress in the game. You can kill 1000 foxes but you would still be level 1. Quests are easy though.-Invasion of AI are predictable, no need to set up a good defense as long as you build your base by the starting point(coast/beach). If you build away from the coast, get ready to farm your materials for building repairs. Do not afk too away from the safe spawn.-SINGLE PLAYER :("
,Recommended,568570,30092618,Posted: 21 February,all,cynicalpixel,"I've been pleasantly surprised by this game. Considering the price of the game, I didn't have high expectations. The inital hour or so of gameplay took some adjusting mainly due to the camera, but I got used to it fairly quick. The fact that some items are locked behind levels never bothered me at all like it has some people and now that problem is fixed anyways with the new creative mode. I think the sense of progression through the game is what's really kept me playing for over 40+ hours and I'm still not done quite yet. Can this game be grindy? Yes it can, but to me it's a kind of grind I enjoy. I would have gladly payed at least $20 for this game due to the amount of fun I've got out of it. It's a steal for the price it's being sold at if you like these types of games."
76561198358115011,Recommended,568570,30058741,Posted: 20 February,all,kateben2005,"Wonderful and thank you to the developers for this game, it's exactly the sort of game that I enjoy. I prefer to take my time and explore the Island. I am partly through the tutorial intro and, after many hours, I'm still enjoying this game. If possible could we have a female avitar?  Please keep up the good work and I would encourage other Steam members to give this game a chance."
76561198052893958,Not Recommended,568570,30106830,Posted: 22 February,all,SKeywhY,"This game needs some serious rework to reduce the grind and create a fun user experience. As many other comments point out, its simply not FUN to play, esp. around lvl 6. a few suggestions:1. make creatures respawn slowly over time, not every time you restart the game2. reduce speed of fleeing critters (nothing more frustrating than to grind-kill boars just to have them run away before the killing blow and only having a clumpsy bow and ca. 1-2 shots time to finish them off)3. reduce the grind (significantly), so that the nice structures shown in your video are actually achievable within 20h of playtime, and open up decorative stuff earlierThanks. I will come back in a couple months and rethink my rating."
,Recommended,568570,29654793,Posted: 2 February,all,Jellyra,"Oh my god. If you played Stranded Deep and left feeling thoroughly cucked, this is for you. I've only even started and this game is well worth the $8 by like, a long shot! ALSO, it's insanely well-optimized and the interface is intuitive as heck."
76561198182083673,Recommended,568570,29751480,Posted: 6 February,all,piscespro,"This game has some good stuff, the crafting is well designed and the character build is great. I like the crafting of varies things that are not hard to explain, expecially the monster traps, where you get your own goblin as a companion. This is a first player game only and after a while the game gets redundant but it is really fun."
76561198291451046,Recommended,568570,29754447,Posted: 6 February,all,herberto1997,love the game i wish i could email the developer because I would love it if he would add the following.to be able to upgrade allys like giving armor and weapons to goblins!.skills like sword and axe combat or faster crafting..to be able upgrade walls and building.. more walls like stone and metals..and finally more recipes like an egg sandwich or soup with buffs like plus 100HP for 20sec plus 30 stamina!
76561198051799201,Recommended,568570,29892651,Posted: 12 February,all,vixen451,"Started playing this game thinking it would just be a casual way to pass a little time and that it probably would get boring very quickly. How wrong I was! Love the fact that you can't just go to a shop to buy everything and take shortcuts, everything you have you craft yourself. The only thing I would change is the amount of stuff you lose when you die, but I suppose that makes you careful of just running around trying to kill monsters, instead you're doing some forward thinking and planning in the game. Addicting!"
76561198001364359,Recommended,568570,29887799,Posted: 12 February,all,Neuron27,"Very enjoyable & worth the money. The menu system feels clunky at first, but you'll get used to it. My advice for people starting out is to build very close to where you first wake up, until you gain access to portals, (level 6) if you die, the wake up place is where you will respawn. Good luck! ;)"
76561198018780519,Recommended,568570,29901131,Posted: 13 February,all,JMcLennan,Love it
,Recommended,568570,31169402,Posted: 15 April,all,adellixsara,"The future update for multiplayer is great. But I hope you add more human in this game like a small village to visit where you can sell or buy goods. Just my crazy idea, you don't need to XD"
76561198053222443,Not Recommended,568570,28707006,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lord Warmold,"Don't buy it - Don't buy it  - Don't buy it  - Don't buy it  - Don't buy it  - Don't buy it  - Don't buy itDear prospective buyer,Force of nature is worth your time ( quite literally ) if you have a lot of time on your hands to play a slow-paced crafting game. In my opinion the game is more suited for children than adults as all the graphics are simple a processes are slow.- Gameplay-The game offers pre-made buildings which can be placed and requires you to harvest and obtain resources, just like any other crafting game. This is however slower than in most games and you need to harvest a lot of materials before you are able to craft anything big. In addition, there is a limit to how many building or items you can place. So, placing 15 smelters to create industrial scale production of iron is right out.- Combat -The combat is what you would expect of the first diablo. In addition there is no real threat in the game apart from goblins and wolves. both do not threaten your base and you have to actively seek them out to get into a fight. Which makes this game quite peaceful.- leveling system -You need to obtain resources before you can level. that means that whether you've killed 20.000 goblins or only 1, you might still be level 1. This can be seen as a challenge or a millstone aroun ones neck.----------------------------- After 10 hours of gameplay --------------------------------------------------------- :s- opinion -Personally , I am enjoying this game as a casual game. It's very peaceful and will run on machines with low specs. Like my broken down laptop of a bazillion years old. Exellent game for casual use, but not very immersive. If you want hardcore combat and crafting, don't buy this game. If you want a peaceful / slow crafting game, buy this game.------------------- After more than 20 hours of playing ---------------------------------------------- :(This game is horrific. Let me list some major cons:1 * You need insane amounts of materials before constructing stuff.( example: you need to kill 25 bears before you are able to make a pair of gloves )( You need gloves, boots, jacket, hat and pants to enter a cold area, this requires you to kill 125      bears )2 * You need stuff instead of XP to level up.3 * The game is extremely linear, you need to create all items of that level before you can continue.4. UBER-grind , really to the point you are actually starting to ask yourself existential questions.5. Terrain messed- up -> you use your stamina to chop a way through a marsh only to find out that you cannot walk up a mediocre hill.6. No stamina - no fighting. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥! you are out of coffee, now you will just stand there as the bear claws you to death and you gain the "" bad player "" achievement.7. Crappy translations - This is an English teacher thing, but "" Furs pants "" and double letters do begin to annoy.8. You can't do things in bulk. You may only have so many productive buildings per level.9. No skills. You aren't getting better. You just get better stuff. ( by grinding )10. Random item loss at death. You die ? Too bad, you lose you 2 hours worth of ropes !!!!! TL;DR !!!!!!SLow paced crafting game, ok but not aggresive, requires a lot of time. Interface sucks, lots of bugs, total grind.Don't buy it - Don't buy it  - Don't buy it  - Don't buy it  - Don't buy it  - Don't buy itLove,Lord Warmold"
76561197979921443,Recommended,568570,31192100,Posted: 16 April,all,Ekarb,"Very nice better than expected.easy to learn, easy to play."
,Recommended,568570,29022557,Posted: 4 January,all,Hayz,"The game has been updated and has a robust, and informative, crafting system. I enjoyed the game a lot, even though there's a learning curve at first. The monsters for beginners are a little bit hard in groups, especially with a boar, or two. The pulling system is great but the fog of war seems a little too close. It would be nice to have a mini map to keep an eye on enemies as you're exploring the woods. I recommend this game at this time as it is playable and user friendly, you have to get used to the combat system with hopes that they'll fine tune it in the future. I'm not too big on multiplayer, so it seems implementing MP on an unrefined system seems a bit early."
,Recommended,568570,32769118,Posted: 25 June,all,Fflewddur Fflam,"I really like it so far, definitely early access but worth the money. A lot to be worked on but months ago (been following this for half a year or more) it looked awful, the recent update persuaded me to buy it on sale.Only cons:Some weapons/items force you to stand completely still while swinging.Not too fond of the leveling system, making you gain items and then you consume them upon leveling up, feel like it should be more experience-wise leveling. Maybe keep the items required to level up, but not consume them, sort of like a requirement to mine/obtain to level.Only put little over an hour into it and I haven't even experienced combat yet (too terrified to break the bush between me and 8+ goblins eyeing me over the bushes that cannot be crossed).I like the building mechanics too, straightforward, simple. The limit of buildings that can be made is fair, not sure if they have it but maybe the higher the level you are, it increases the amount of buildings you can make?I also had no idea how to find sticks besides the ones you find on the ground, then I discovered there are ""stick bushes"" that give you a lot of sticks upon breaking them, very nice to find that out :DSuggestions: Make crafting have a queue, so in a bonfire, queue like 21 embers that takes a few minutes as the first item crafted to be worked on, then instantly add like, cooked meat, behind it so it'll craft that once the embers are done. That'd be more convenient.The screen/top down is tolerable, I don't mind it, reminds me of the old classic ""Dungeon Siege"" from many years ago.For the tl/dr: I am overall impressed with the game, it looked terrible half a year ago but now it looks much better so I bought it. A lot of work to be done still but it's definitely playable and time consuming. My biggest pet peeve would be the leveling system!"
76561198080167302,Recommended,568570,32750776,Posted: 24 June,all,SHAGGY-2-DOPE,i love the game but in co-op / multiplayer mode and i no its beta they need to fix you shouldt be limited how far you can go from your buddy and fix if your buddy dies you die too  besides that its awesome game
76561198064097483,Recommended,568570,32895700,Posted: 27 June,all,Saphire,"Excellent Game.  Really like it.  Can be a bit grinding but i like that.  The only thing I would add is to be able to move the camera up and down, other than that  its Awesome."
76561198087582448,Recommended,568570,33513037,Posted: 13 July,all,Damonicus1986,"good game but would be nice to see some changes in multiplayer. if i host server or create it then would be nice other players to join it without issues like i need to log out and start it again, other that weird distance limiter... thats a no in my opinion, plus every time ou log back in you log on first spawn location so far thats all i saw, but i like the game overall very good"
,Recommended,568570,33350269,Posted: 7 July,all,Big Buttery Potato,it's like Wurm Online *lite* so far. I'm enjoying it
76561198038689828,Recommended,568570,33347256,Posted: 7 July,all,Excalibur Dragonbane,"A basic, but still enjoyable survival game. Waking on a tropical island, you must use your wits and resources around you to survive. More a casual game, then anything really serious. Probably what makes it so entertaining."
,Recommended,568570,33347918,Posted: 7 July,all,Kage,I am a huge fan of sandbox based games. Once you figure out how the mechanics work it's rather enjoyable. I hope they open this game up to allowing fans to do custom modifications like they did with 7 Days to Die.The graphics are pretty decentThe concept is greatThe user interface could use some minor tweaks to make it a little more understandable to the new players but easily able to figure out.I would recommend it to anybody looking for a nice game to fill their time when they get bored with their other sandbox style games.
76561198025032082,Not Recommended,568570,29398318,Posted: 21 January,all,ChrisSparta,"Remember that this is not a survival game, but more like a RPG/Sandbox. You don’t fell  lost as “what I need to do”, everything on the game always has recipes and information of what you need to find or “how to get” everything you need. It's a nice game for patient people but I'm going to talk about the negative sides. If any of them bother you I suggest to skip this one.* Level and quests obligatory to proceed.* There are no camera change. (You need get used to it. A third person from above, even if that occasionally have trees blocking your vision during combat).* Limit of buildings per level. (Some of the crafting-tables  has to be made inside other buildings)"
,Recommended,568570,32930991,Posted: 28 June,all,Goldridge2,"Just getting into the game but so far it has been really enjoyable. I really enjoy the crafting mecanics in the game, I think they are really well done. The game is really good value for money."
76561198042601519,Recommended,568570,33049934,Posted: 30 June,all,chiperdean,"I will try to keep this short and sweet.  I bought this game and was pleasently surprised by how involved it got me.  I know I hav only played two hours, but they were some good hours :)  The content is there, the crafting and stages are there and you start to think your island is too small and wham, you discover how big it is.I like the idea that I create my own world with no one to run in and spoil the experience (like the old Guild Wars days and your own instances while traveling)."
,Recommended,568570,33761493,Posted: 24 July,all,Hobby_goat17,"You can definitely play it where there no internet yep, you say all negative cons about it but this game held my online game play together. I think I also played Islet offline...as well but this one in singleplayer mode has bonus, you could go and play on creative mode and be your own boss.Regular mode I think I have probably replay the game again get better results.I am not sure if I can play multiplayer mode <- I however will try it see what crazy fuss about sometime.  Just not now.Harvesting, lvl up goal oriented and quests, domesticating animals, mob monster killing, foraging game,Music from Shio perspective he gave it 10/10, sounds 8/10Graphics depends on your hardware and software.Overall its still early release and I still playing it.You could buy it see for what everyone saying watch out for bugs and do report them dev needs your help."
76561198284922318,Recommended,568570,33749656,Posted: 23 July,all,PAU,holy shet this game is truly one of the best game ive played 10/10
76561198099942613,Recommended,568570,33828040,Posted: 27 July,all,blacktopase,"I liked this game a lot, too bad it is only a single player and you can only build premade stuff. Building blocks would have been nice. I lost interest to it after I finished the awfully grindy last quest. I could have continued exploring, but it just did not feel it had any point afterwards."
76561198051109844,Recommended,568570,33901068,Posted: 30 July,all,riper,Great relaxing coop game for 2 player's. No issues found. Waiting for some new content
76561197985831700,Recommended,568570,31884475,Posted: 21 May,all,Rudolph,Nice game to play alone and relax. It compensated each cent paid! Strongly recommend for those whom love survivor games.
76561198060459566,Recommended,568570,33958310,Posted: 1 August,all,brad gren,"this game totally undersells itself on price. it could do with story driven quests, but other than that the game is amazing for the price."
76561197960416558,Recommended,568570,34038949,Posted: 5 August,all,☣ʍѧd☢ʍѧи☣,I was on the fence with this one but after playing for a couple hours I am looking forward to having more time with it.
76561198045127410,Recommended,568570,34268017,Posted: 15 August,all,BLStrike,Muito bom !
76561198152165602,Not Recommended,568570,35333544,Posted: 30 September,all,kshid,"I didn't enjoy the gameplay.  You need to collect so many resources in order to craft parts and then to craft bigger components.  The other issue is it has a very ""paint by numbers"" feel to the game.  Do this, now do this, now do this.  You're very micromanaged. Instead of giving you a large end goal, there are many, many small ones."
76561198029600830,Recommended,568570,35165999,Posted: 23 September,all,Lancelot,"I just love this game so much. It runs stable, I never ever encountered any crash and it's very relaxing and soothing my mind. Unlike some statments post here, this game has an FREE cam option and looks just beautiful. Well it's pretty much balanced and just the game I was looking for. Thank you for creating this game."
76561198180630669,Recommended,568570,35166045,Posted: 23 September,all,WallyWorld,Not bad.. The crafting grind is real though. would recommend as long as you dont mind spending awhile collecting your items.
,Recommended,568570,35504168,Posted: 5 October,all,kiddoriddler,"I love the style of this game. I think it has a lot of potential if a few bugs were fixed, such as the spawn resetting every time the world is loaded. Overall, it's a great game and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys playing realistic survival games."
