user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198069589716,Not Recommended,568610,28418164,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Skully,"(Side note: I've only done one playthrough of this, so some of the things I've talked about could be different with a different path, but the book should still be interesting on its first read.)To be quite honest the first Versus book never really caught my attention, but the first book was much shorter and it had lots of world building going on, especially with its political and religious choices. So I figured maybe it needed a first book to get it standing and that the second book would pop, like the Heroes Rise series that I happen to adore.I was also hoping that the second book would cut back on the political, social, and religious commentary, as they detracted away from the story rather than add to it.I was INCREDIBLY disappointed to find this book would take that commentary and crank it up to 5000.Which is sad, because there is bits where the story manages to hold me in, such as during the first trial where we are introduced to some new bright characters who were all very entertaining, and the bits where you actually sit down and talk about Dhanthik are also very interesting.However the story comes to an absolute stop the moment it decides political commentary is a absolute MUST and it happens so often that it very easily shoves me out of the story and it just makes me roll my eyes and groan loudly. I understand this is what the game wants to try to do but halting the story entirely to ask about your beliefs every few pages is not fun or thought provoking.The entire 'Make your own planet' subplot was entirely unnecessary, painful, and almost borderline offensive with some of its jabs at religion. I could not bring myself to care about this planet because I felt uncomfortable by the painfully OBVIOUS social commentary it was trying to pull, and halting the story just so you can choose a tax plan and education system is ridiculous. Not to mention the final 'shocker' moment the subplot has was ridiculous.However, that is my opinion, and I can maybe see how some people may be interested, but overall it took me out of the story completely and it honestly didn't serve any purpose in the story that you would care about.If you're expecting a bunch of kick♥♥♥♥♥trials where your character goes out and takes names, you're not going to get it from this book. There are bits where you do fight but it is overshadowed by walls and walls of exposition.On a further note, there's not much character development either, there are certain parts that pay special attention to certain characters, but it left a lot to be desired. It makes me mad because character and story development could easily replace the unnecessary political debates, it's honestly hard to really sit and care for these characters save for a few that do get to show their character.Not to mention the ending just pads out for pages and pages and it really doesn't feel like much care was put into it as the story switched to telling me the results rather than showing me the outcomes of my choices. Overall it was kinda jarring and almost boring. I may have forgotten some details because of this.Maybe I'm not smart enough for this, maybe I just don't 'get it'. But when I play a sci fi series like this, choosing tax plans  and deciding if presidential elections are a good thing isn't what I have in mind.This book WANTS to be deep. It DESPERATELY wants you to think and make connections to this book and real life, but they cram it so far into your face that it just becomes annoying. It becomes blatantly obvious that this book is making commentary on the current state of America and so it makes hard to get back into the book's world. (Side note: Why are you just making commentary on America? Isn't this a vast galaxy that features multiple cultures?)I'm sad. I WANT to like this book series, I WANT to feel the need to replay it so I can get more endings and features like with the Heroes Rise series, but I just can't bring myself to do it. I had to force myself to finish this. I can only hope the Author improves from this, though I know he can because he can write good book series.So in my opinion? Unless you're REALLY into political debates with a side of occasional sci-fi plot stuffs. Skip it."
76561198061289865,Not Recommended,568610,28479311,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,The_Tricksta,"Just a disclaimer at the start that I didn't like the first part to this series since it failed with its focus because the first game felt more like a setup; a base to build to this one.Also this is a choice-of-games game, so it will have many of the problems that the other games have - alas many of your choices seemingly won't matter.So, do you need to have to played the first game? You don't need to actually since the story of the first game is summarized in the beginning which makes you realize not much at all has happened in the first one. It still helps to have read the first one since you need to pick up on the vocabulary that was introduced back then. The sequel does offer a glossary but it doesn't explain every word. Going through the first one was still more of an exercise of pain since it used its bloated vocabulary a little bit too liberally.The last thing actually got changed in this game. Vocabulary for certain things (like the name for a race or such) are used a lot less and only when it actually needs to be talked about. I still don't understand why the word ""♥♥♥♥"" is censored since this is not a game for kids. Far from it in fact.It's not for kids not because this game is gory (there is actually at least one gory scene which is also described in a detailed way) or that it has sex scenes. It's because this game is hard to understand in some chapters. It opens up lots of questions about difficult topics and there are a lot of abstract topics which are also talked about in sentences that a teenager would just skim over.So, how is the story? You are basically a human space alien that is able to temporarily copy other people's abilites and dive into their memories by touching them. You hunted a monster that threatened to kill your kind but both of you get teleported to another planet. You then need to appease to people in politics.The problem that this game still has is that it tries to be more than it needs to be. This game builds the expectation that you are going to use your awesome powers, fight people and get into romancing. All of these things rather take a back seat. In fact there is a rather large sub-plot where you build your own planet. It is well written and would serve well as its own short game - I actually did like the experience it provided. The experience just feels empty if it isn't being built upon later on. You cannot visit the planet you've created and that sub-plot is just dropped and could've easily been cut.This is what the game is: a collection of sub-plots that only have remotely something to do with your main goal: Find out the identity of the champion of the player character's home planet and kill the monster that threatened to kill your people.The writing itself is actually pretty good, but the not so subtle commentaries about society are things that also didn't really need to be there. The preachiness is something common to this particular author (Zachary Sergi) which again was worse in the first game. It has become better in this sequel but it's still a bit annoying when it does pop up. An example is capitalism vs. communism which just mentions things you will already know. That one at least only pops up once unlike the commentary about religion/customs.As much as I am criticizing this game, I still liked it after I finished the one path that I did. It did not fulfill the expectations that I had. In fact I was left rather cold on the romance department, since the pay-off was just 2 short paragraphs. I still liked the experience it provided with intrigue and the divine beings that appeared in this game.So ... do I recommend this game? If you're new to this series and your expecation is to romance people, or have thrilling fights in text form, no. There are better options for that if you didn't already check the other choice-of-games games.I recommend this game to people who have already read the first part since this actually does something with all the world building the author has done in the first part. I also recommend this to people who want to read something different which you have to spend some time with to think about.Other than that I still recommend a good choose-your-own-adventure book over this game if you are looking for interactivity in text form."
76561197995051730,Recommended,568610,28593974,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sodar,"How do I approach this.I liked The Elite Trials. I loved The Lost Ones, and Elite Trials expanded on the world I already enjoyed. The characters are interesting, the writing is solid, the plot handles itself well, and the author is capable of pulling some interesting twists, though at times it was slightly stretching my willing suspension of disbelief. But only slightly.The game itself feels… Shorter, but that might be because some parts of it are locked away depending on the choices made in the prequel. Still, there are only two plotlines through the entire game, the MemoryTravel and the Trial, and the trial takes the back seat. I honestly expected more. BUT - I like what I got, and I don’t feel like I overpaid for it. The replayability value is quite high - The game teases many secrets, and I know I’ll be playing it again in the future to try and uncover them.You will find some very negative reviews concerning the… Preachy nature of the game. They’re not wrong. Zachary (the author), seems to feel very strongly about social issues, something that was fairly obvious in the first book, with the inclusion of a transgender character.Elite trials is less about the trials themselves, and more about… Politics. There is a segment that concerns society building – and the game comments on the decisions you make and the potential impact they might have. If you find yourself displeased with the hypothetical results, you don’t get to argue. I have yet to experience the full range of possibilities here, so I can’t yet judge how fair it is – but it’s entirely possible your vision and the authors vision differ. So take the result with a grain of salt, and don’t take it personal. As the great Ilya Bryzagalov once said:“It’s only game. Why you have to be mad?”That’s more or less the gist of it. I’ve found myself drawn into Zachary’s style of writing, and I find his social commentary both fair and interesting, and not all that intruding. I love the characters, and can’t wait to see more of them in the future. If you liked the first book, then book two is money well spent."
,Recommended,568610,28506610,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Golden Xan,"In general, if you enjoyed VERSUS: The Lost Ones, you are bound to enjoy this one even further. The continuation develops on itself quite neatly and the author's gain in experience is shown in the game's more intricate nature - gameplay and story wise.That being said, VERSUS: The Elite Trails is an amazing story, still one of the best from the Choice of Games platform, and it explores the universe imagined by Zachary Sergi quite well, deepening on its lore and creating new relationships with new characters. However, it can be lackluster, depending on what you are looking for.Following the trend on most Choice of Games titles (as opposed to some of the greatest Hosted Games titles), this game still attempts, and expands on, putting players in labeled boxes, trying to fit them on criterias instead of allowing their personality to flow. Taking further steps in the Mastery and Growth concepts utilized in the first book, you now have more stat variants and more goals to focus on, which, while they give you plenty ofreplayability, they also complicate your freedom of choice, since if you want to actually succeed and thrive in the game's world and score systems, you need to follow a role, an idea, a specific path which the author believes most closely matches with a personality type.Instead of giving you choices with consequences, the game gives you specific paths to follow, and while it allows you to diverge on those paths at any point in time, it also doesn't let you thrive if you do so. Most times, those paths are not even clear enough to the player, as even your choice of food may affect your stats, your character's personality and power, and this may generate apprehension as the player must wonder whether his choice falls in lign with whatever path he was forced to choose or not, or even fight against his intuition and desire to choose an option hefeelsis right for his character, but the game disagrees.It is disappointing to see a CoG game at this stage still being so limited in this matter, especially taking into account how experient Zachary is, having released more than 5 books in the platform already.Combat, while we are still on the matter of gameplay, is short, predefined, and generally speaking, weak. If you like to engage on combat as much as possible, you'll not only be disappointed with the lack of variety, you'll also be disappointed by how weak your character seems, being so near of ever-powerful beings. Though that might just be the circunstances you find yourself at in this story.As to the story itself, without bringing any margin for spoilers to the table, it expands on the VERSUS universe, ties some loose ends, creates more loose ends, the main story unfurls wonderfully and continuously, and leaves you wanting more. Exactly what you'd expect from one of Zachary's games. If I have any critiques about the game's story, they are those:First, if you are a heterosexual male, your romance options fall short. As in, they fall into an abyss. The game seems to give a lot more attention, detail and focus to homosexual, agendered and non-binary players and characters. If you are a heterosexual player, your options pale in comparison, giving the sensation that they were rushed and undeveloped. To keep it short, romance is not a strong suit in this VERSUS book, as it where in the Heroes Rise original trilogy.Secondly, this game - as in others written by Zachary - tries and introduces his imagination of societal concepts to the reader, and these new concepts are often well introduced, being part of the game's world and provoking emotional responses within the player through events. In this game, the author attempts to do the same with even more concepts in a much grander scale, and the experience may cause the player to feel disconnected by how abstract the descriptions are, how unconnected to the main story they seem, and especially, by how the emotional responses are provoked (more like forced) into the player's character, instead of the human reading the story. Breaking the main story to introduce politics many times over actually detracts from the experience.Finally, the game leaves a lot more room for the development of the story. So much so that I can't really feel it will be over in the next book in the series... Hopefully that's an indication that more than one will come, and that we will have plenty more of the planet Versus to explore.Ultimately, VERSUS: The Elite Trials feels like an experiment. First and foremost, the continuation to the story presented in book one, but an experiment into something new nonetheless. Some features worked well, others, not as much, and we can only hope that the next title will have thoroughly learned with its predecessor so we'll all have an even grander experience in the next to come.If you are already a fan of Zachary's games, or the Choice of Games platform, this is one of the gems worth taking. If you are looking for a feature not commonly found in a CoG title, or which goes against what I described in this review, then you are probably better off looking for a Hosted Games title instead."
76561198040886049,Recommended,568610,28483968,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Æthercosm,"I loved it. I just wish the romances were fleshed out a little more. Perhaps that's not the main goal of the story (seeing its high direction toward ethical and political conundrums), but if the romance portion is available, I'd like more! :)"
76561198171681767,Recommended,568610,30375874,Posted: 7 March,all,hanentr,"What the first book did with world building, this installment ratchets up to eleven.  We get to learn a lot more about other cultures, societies, and how things operate on Versus.  We also get further development on characters that were only touched on in the Last Ones, as well as incredible new ones that you meet along your journey.I think it should be noted that most of your time IS spent with new characters instead of the old ones (with a few exceptions).  If that bothers you then you might not like this game.The mysteries Zack set up in the first book also get explored more here in a very satisfying way.  You find answers to some things, but they often create even more questions.  It doesn't feel jumbled or overly confusing though.  It only serves to heighten the tension.The last thing I think is worth mentioning is the overall tone of the game.  In The Lost Ones, I could create great relationships with all the people I liked and have a more or less ""happy ending.""  But things get very political in this game.  A lot of people that I really liked had VERY different views and opinions.  Eventually you have to make a choice on where you stand, and no matter what you decide someone will get hurt.  It's just a matter of who.  In this manner, it reminds me a bit of Heroes Rise: The Hero Project.  This is the kind of game that really makes you think about your ideologies and why you choose them.  Even more amazingly, it doesn't make a judgment on your actions or push you towards a certain way of thinking *cough* Hero Project Redemption *cough*.Overall this game builds on the complexities of the last one in every way without becoming confusing or preachy.  Versus is an increasingly fascinating world, and your character has the opportunity to become even more unique and customized to your liking.But the cuss words still suck."
76561198044668132,Recommended,568610,28704874,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Knightmare,"After playing the first Versus game, I can definitely say the second keeps the tension going. I'm most certainly biased here, but I'm a lover of text-based games, especially when I feel like my choices really matter and change the way events happen. I thoroughly look forward to playing the next installment."
76561198068916090,Recommended,568610,29178098,Posted: 10 January,all,Aff-chan,"[Spolier!] The world/planet creation was just simply amaizing, waiting forward for thrid book!"
76561198006651360,Recommended,568610,28732543,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,dechester2008,"Moves leaps and bounds foward. The author keeps track of a vast array of information, shows considerable foresight, and makes a truly epic fantasy tale."
76561198042981738,Recommended,568610,28478266,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Admiral Chocobos,"I” ve been waiting a long time for the second part of this interactive novel and let me tell ya, I definately wasn't disappointed.If you haven't read “Versus: The Lost Ones” I highly recommend that you read it first before beginning on this one.I was thoroughly surprised that the novel had a sort of “personality test” which really peaked my interest. As you progress in the story, you'll be put in trials that question what type of person you really are. To my curiosity, the characters do indeed react to your choices and even interpret why you picked those choices, which made interacting with them even more interesting.Better yet, the story was pretty lengthy so it kept me occupied for at least 3 days straight and I don't even think I” ve gotten the “real” ending. So this novel has plenty of replay ability.Overall this novel has its “horry♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ moments, the majority of the characters in the story are unique and have a sense of life to them, and the novel itself makes you weigh in on who you are, what your ideals are, and how you will react to the important situations as the story goes forth."
,Recommended,568610,28455849,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Topagae,"The game definitely requires you play the first, and if you like that, this is a very dedicated and expected sequel in the same vein with continuations of most of the themes and threads from that. I saw some people disappointed the game didn't make a sudden turn in its contents and themes which seems a bit strange considering how it laid itself out in the first, but I suppose that's something to beware if you expect something else going in when playing this game. Love it to death, a romp of meta-scifi goodness quashed in a lot of morality issues."
,Recommended,568610,30674022,Posted: 22 March,all,Krept,Can't wait for book three.
76561198074615698,Recommended,568610,28414088,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,eker33,Not light reading by any means but very interesting. I espacially loved the planet creation part of the game it was just so different to anything I've seen in a CoG game before. If you're looking for something light-hearted and fun probably not for you but if you're up for some deep story I would very much recommend
,Recommended,568610,28506452,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,rejor,"The story seems a bit short (I read it the first time through in 4 hours) but it does do a good job and expanding the story and moving forward.However, I feel like the gender-bending in this series has too much focus. There's a lot, and I mean a lot of focus on different genders and new vocab that I cant even really bother to understand.Also, this story has a section in it that... doesnt really make sense. Quite frankly, it feels like the structure is a bit off, but then again this does seem like it is going to be a long multi-book series. Therefore, the story probably feels like the structure is off because it may be setting up as a background for a future chapter.Overall, it was an enjoyable expereince."
76561198213186949,Recommended,568610,28461617,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Starfish,"it's pretty good. it follows the stories and allows you to make some major choices.not a lot of combat scene and character relationship scene, hopefully they could improve on that.but the storyline is solid."
,Recommended,568610,30891618,Posted: 1 April,all,reinhartalvaro,"Elite Trials is a good game but I wouldn't call it great like the author's other works but it's definitely a top tier CoG game stillStory: 5/10The game was too short with the story being non existent unfortunately when compared to the 1st game's excellent setup, the ""trials"" were includes a fetch quest filled with exposition with other aliens, an interesting but boring party game and finally using the stats you built to have an outcome of picking only 2 sides, which is obvious the VS front, as there was no backstory or emotional connection with the Elite groupSetting: 7/10The world introduced and settings were very limited when compared to the first game because other than the Wone it is nonexistent but just reading about the Wone culture it is extremely interesting with Orders, Houses and Splinter beliefsCharacters: 4/10Introduced were a LOT of characters non of which were interesting, received character development, had anymore potential romances or any emotional bonding with them. Prince Everly is the only good character when compared to Venuma, MamaNa (stupid name) and Ashe. There were so many interesting characters non of which had any more development or just emotional bonding with. Shame since (Hero Rise) had thisRomance: 1/10The romance options were severely limited and the romances themselves were nonexistent here.Verdict: 7/10Story does not progress, there were a lot of characters but no good ones, romance was horrible and the setting was limited. All in all a severely disappointing game but still worth playing. If only there were more romances and politics involved."
76561198182755271,Recommended,568610,31944252,Posted: 24 May,all,kubicjaboi,the characters of the verses series are well diverse and the story around the characters with connected backgrounds adds to the conflict giving it a intense feel around the already intense world
,Recommended,568610,29737036,Posted: 6 February,all,Dogrules23,"I just finished this game and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was that good. Loved every minute of it. If you like Choose-Your-Own-Adventure games or books, you'll love this. VERSUS: The Elite Trials was a fantastic work and something I will definitely play through again and again. I will also tell as meny people as possible about how genuinely fantastic it is. Thank you Choice Of Games for another wonderful experience. And most of all, thank you to Zachary Sergi for writing such a great piece of fiction!"
76561198025465580,Recommended,568610,30270457,Posted: 1 March,all,jezebelthenun,"The second book in the Versus collection, this story is rich, engaging, and beautiful.  Even as a short story on its own, the Versus tale would be worth the read, but watching as your choices shape the world in your mind's eye makes it something that each person should experience several times over.  It was a big bonus, for me, to see the ideas and themes from the first book transition to the second.  My biggest disappointment is that book 3 is not released as of yet.  I eagerly await the conclusions!Pros:Engaging, descriptive storytellingGood transfer of statsExcellently crafted charactersBalanced and satisfying branchesCons:Some grammatical/spelling errorsFeels somewhat incomplete (given the episodic nature, it's expected, but it's still a con)I would definitely play Versus: The Lost Ones before playing this.  You don't absolutely have to, but it definitely helps with world immersion, and to understand the background of these characters and many of the ideas and themes used throughout the story."
76561198053428824,Recommended,568610,29436488,Posted: 22 January,all,ahnkra,"What to say about this game?  If you played the first in this series and liked it, nothing else needs to be said.  You get where the story is going, and maybe even more importantly what/where the author is attempting to take you.If like myself you were left a bit confused by the way the first game unfolded and or disappointed that it didnt leave you with a sense of having accomplised/experienced much, then I'd recomend spending the $4 and reading through this one.  It delivers on new content as well as following up and adding some more context to the things that you did or did not do in the first game. $4 is just a bit over a half hours pay at minimum wage here in the US and you will easily get 3 to 4 hours of entertainment for your investment on a single play through, and there are plenty of reasons things to figure out to make replaying it multiple times worth the effort.If you played the first game and hated it or felt insulted, frustrated, or digusted then this second game is definetly not for you.  This game has a way of challenging the PLAYERS ideas, thoughts, and beliefs,... and then commenting on them in ways that can have a negative impact on those who feel the need to attack in order to defend.  I am in no way stating that there are great Truths waitting to be revealed here.  But I will state that you will be questioned often about what you hold as True and Why. Such questions might be uncomfortable, especialy when they are unexpected, or considered Unquestionable in the first place.This book/game is truely Reflective, not through a perfect mirror, but through the combined lens of the aurthors directing questions, and the players attempts to answer them. Its a game, within a game, within a game literaly and figuretively."
,Recommended,568610,32789715,Posted: 25 June,all,01110111 01100001 01110010,An amazing follow-up story to the first one. I'm already extremely eager for the next one. The VERSUS series has easily been my favorite of anything to come out of Choice of Games. I would easily give this another 10/10.
