user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,569480,33953933,Posted: 1 August,all,Roku,"I was actually going to recommend it, because the basics are great and I thought that with time it will only get better, but after I've read the roadmap I'm a bit disappointed. The next thing that will be added will be Ports and Merchants, which is great, but the next steps are Twitch integration and VR. Really? I'm a huge VR fan and the Twitch integration sounds good, but that's not what this game needs right now.Like I said, the basics are great, but that's what this game is, basic. It needs much more things to do, more buildings, more production chains, more strategy, more ways to defend, more ways to be destroyed; it's just not there right now.I hope it will get better and I will change my review then, but for now, I'm on the edge. It's a good start but the developers seems to prioritise making it popular first by adding Twitch and VR support, instead of focusing on expanding gameplay and actually finishing the game."
76561198230177148,Not Recommended,569480,33730108,Posted: 22 July,all,The Viking,"EDIT 2: I checked the patchnotes from the 26.07.2017 update. What I say in this review still stands. The devs only changed the way trees grow and fire spreads. Therefore, the main complaint, pathfinding, and the lack of content, have yet to be fixed.EDIT: IF YOU'RE UNHAPPY ABOUT THIS REVIEW, ALL ANSWERS ARE ALREADY REPLIED IN THE COMMENTS OF THIS REVIEW.Original review:I don’t recommend this game inits current state.Why don’t I recommend it? This is supposed to be a FULL GAME for 9.99€. Full game means there must be some content to justify the price, as well as a working core gameplay. The game in its current state doesn’t have any of those. Main mechanics are broken and there’s about 4 hours of content (unless you want to build anything decent which becomes idling and grinding).1. Pathfinding is rubbish. You can have charcoal makers right next to storages FILLED with wood and they’ll still claim “no wood”. Distributing food is a nightmare. From the farms food has to go to silos, and from silos to marketplaces. It does work, except the marketplaces will then struggle to even distribute enough food to a single house. In the long term, you’re looking at a constant list of peasants dying of starvation, even if they had a pile of food right next to them.2. Enemies and soldiers are a joke. Completely useless. You would expect them to AT LEAST attack the enemy when in range, but no. First you have to select your troops, then keep clicking on the enemy (as your units won’t lock on them) and keep clicking until they attack. As soon as the enemy moves a tile, you’ll have to tell your units to move again. With such rubbish mechanics, why putting them in in the first place?3. The framerate will soon go down as you build up your island. Once you reach 3K population you’re looking at barely 20 fps with frequent lag when moving around the map.4. Buildings have NO upgrades. You need more wood? Bad luck, go and build an extra forester. Only two types of food production, farms and orchards. Not even fishing!5. The map is extremely small. Space is an issue as soon as the first hour in.6. Only 3 game modes available, which are pretty much the same: ""sandbox"" (no enemies), ""normal"" (with random enemy attacks & dragons) and ""hard"" (basically, harsh winters).There’s probably a ton more of things to say against the game. Once you’ve built everything, the only incentive to stay in the game are the achievements and trying to build a city that you like.If the game was in “Early Access”, I wouldn’t be this harsh. But it is sold as a full game. So sorry, but this is rubbish and an insult to city-building games. Go get Banished instead. Or Tropico. Or any other city-building/management game."
,Not Recommended,569480,34028030,Posted: 4 August,all,H3rcules,"The dragon's lifeless body fell right onto the exact spot where I laid the foundation of my town. As I watched the dragon's body clip through the Keep, a sense of relief washed over me. Not relief for my townsfolk, whom I had just saved from a fiery demise. No, not for them, but for me.With the slaying of that dragon notched on my archers' scoreboards, I had done everything there was to do in Kingdoms and Castles....and I had just hit the six hour mark.Technically, I hadn't done everything...there were some Steam achievements leftover for hitting certain population milestones, which would take a lot more downtime than I was willing to pump into Kingdoms and Castles. So, more accurately, I had done everything there was that was worth doing, in the game.Kingdoms and Castles started out as straightforward, town-building, strategy game. With around two-dozen buildings to construct, everything had a clear purpose and their functions alongside the other buildings made sense. There were no obscure rules to learn, or elaborate game mechanics to keep track of. Wood, stone, food,  and population were the only major things that needed monitoring; adequate water coverage (either from coastlines or wells), citizen happiness level (boosted by the presence of churches or taverns), and smart guard tower placement (to defend against invaders) were the only other facets of the game that necessitated the most attention.There are a handful of other resource systems that need monitoring, but those that I mentioned represent the core of the game. As far as strategy city-building games go, they don't come much simpler and easy-to-play than Kingdoms and Castles.The game's graphic style mirrors that simplicity. Featuring peg-like peasants, the game's visual appeal comes from watching the dozens or hundreds of peasants scurrying around doing their duties. Once open housing is available, peasants will randomly ""move in"" to your town and they will automatically pick up on any available task that needs doing. It was fun to zoom out and watch the town in action. Watching the peasants all hopping around doing their own jobs reminded me a lot of watching tiny fish in a fish tank. For awhile anyway, it was quite a relaxing time.Unfortunately, as pleasant as it was to watch...I could only watch so much before I found myself rapping my fingers on my keyboard, awaiting progressing. Once I had read all of the little tooltips for every building there was to build, and had a basic understanding of what a good city layout in Kingdoms and Castles should look like, I had very little else to do as I waited for more citizens to move in, or for more resources to be collected.Occasionally a viking raid would arrive, and while they increase in strength over time, they're easy enough to repel that a few archer towers will do you just fine for the first hour of gameplay. They show up, slowly make their way into your town, steal resources and peasants, and make their way back to their boat. If you kill all the vikings you get to keep your resources, if not, you lose all they managed to snag on their way out.Dragons would also show up, but their presence was a complete joke. The dragons would fly in at random times and mostly just float above my city. Perhaps the dragons in these lands had some sort of amnesia, because they acted more like butterflies than dragons. Only occasionally did they every drop a fire-blast or two down onto my town. Sometimes they never even flew near my town to begin with.But I finally encountered a dragon that flew right through the heart of my city. After being pelted by arrows for a good half-minute, it was over. The dragon's body vanished as it fell into my Keep, I breathed a partially-annoyed sigh of relief, and my peasants scurried on, unaware that their lives were about to end forever.Kingdoms and Castles wasn't a bad game in that it was broken, and it was even fun for a short time, but after I killed that dragon and I unlocked the achievement, I resigned as Lord of [Tom Already Forgot What He Named His Town] forever. I just can't recommend Kingdoms and Castles; the game was not fun enough for long enough, and gave me absolutely no reason to play it all over again.[[Not recommended]] There just wasn't enough variety of things to do to keep my attention past an hour or two. Feels very much like a stable, early-access release, rather than a full retail game. I will monitor Kingdoms and Castles for major developments and update this review as necessary.(This full review is taken from my website:Epic Brew"
,Recommended,569480,34208566,Posted: 13 August,all,DirtyDan_151,"For the $10 price tag, I can recommend this game. However, any future increase in price must be accompanied by new content, in my opinion.What I like about the game is that it is very relaxing. In-game music is soothing, and it's interesting sitting back and watching your townspeople complete their everyday tasks. It's a simple game, making it very easy for you to get the hang of very quick.What I don't like about the game is that it lacks depth. While this might be a plus for someone who's just looking to blow off some steam in a casual/relaxing video game, there's just not enough here to keep me interested. Every building can be built within the first hour of gameplay. Aside from watching your town grow, there's no incentive such as advanced buildings to keep on playing. The game strikes me as Tropico lite in block form. Since I own Tropico 4 and 5, two games that I really enjoyed, I can say that this game is nowhere near their caliber, especially Tropico 5.In conclusion, this game is a quintessential example of ""you get what you pay for"". It's a simple game for a simple price."
76561198007438397,Recommended,569480,33771611,Posted: 24 July,all,satishu,"First of all:I have played 10 hours until this review and tried 3 cities on hard.If I can recommand this title? It depends strongly on what you expect.If you expect a full price title like settlers or something like that, please don't buy this game. It will not make you happy.If you expect some casual gaming title, then it could be right for you.It is a very basic game, which will allow you to run a decent city with some (or none, if on easy diffuclty) threads. Named they are: Dragons, which try to burn your city and vikings which try to steal your gold, food and people. Oh, they also burn your city. And last, but not least there are heavy thunderstorms, which will also burn your city.The world itself is not very huge, but it will keep you going for some time. So i would expect around 20 hours of gameplay, until the world is completely full. I would like to compare this to some Tropico titles.Although you have to experience one major issue with this game.Within the version, i have written this review (104s) there is no multi-threading. The game does not scale towards other CPU cores, which will get worse the more people you have. On my machine the limit was around ~300 people. If you hit this spot, then the game will slow you down very much. I expect the developer to fix that in future patches."
,Recommended,569480,33697106,Posted: 21 July,all,Athravan,"This is a fairly simple but effective and well thought out city builder with combat.Kingdoms and Castles allows you to create a city using colourful voxel pieces, make an efficient working supply chain, ensure your citizens are happy, command a small army and defeat rampaging vikings and creatures. There is a fairly small and limited set of buildings so I found it fairly easy to get my supply up and running efficiently, but then a plague wiped out half my citizens in one year. Damn, should have built that hospital sooner. You have to contend with winter, fires, disease and rampaging enemies.Bands of Vikings will periodically raid and terrorize your city, whilst a dragon flies overhead and targets buildings to burn to a crisp. I even had an ogre destroy an entire section of wall, which I thought was quite rude. The Vikings will go around walls, so you can build your city to kite them through archer towers and ballista, ensuring that they're dead before they reach your population. Don't leave the centre undefended though - because of course, a dragon can simply fly over your fortifications!You can build an army and you can control them (well, you can control a general and his recruits will follow), so there is an extra level of action to the game there.Pros:* Attractive voxel graphics* Simple, but fun gameplay* Static defenses such as archer towers and ballista* Commandable units through an army* Extra strategy required from both land and air units attacking.* 3 difficulties, with easy having no attacks - so a relaxing city builder, or a more taxing RTS.* Planned updates already listed so looks like it will only improve in the future.Cons:* Very small maps with odd shapes, a world editor or larger maps would be good.* Most maps feel very similar (developer has said adding random ""unique"" things is on the table for an update though!)* Eventually you will hit the limit for what you can do on a map. It certainly has replayability - but it's not endless.* Very experienced city builders may find the game a little too simple.For me, sometimes it's nice to play a city builder that is engaging but not too complicated. I'm really looking forward to the future updates!It's very fun to play and set at a price point that makes me highly recommend it to fans of the genre.♥♥♥ If you're a weirdo who wants to follow my reviews, please clicky some links:My Curator Page,My Twitter, theWelsh Gaming Network. Thanks! ♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,569480,33709951,Posted: 21 July,all,Angel,"I really liked this game initially, until I realize how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it actually was.Until these things are seen to, I sadly can't recommend this game:- Fire in this game is a stupid random mechanic. That a coal mine caches on fire I can see, but that my lord Levi statue catches fire randomly (that's a stone statue by the way) is totally unpredictable and a huge waste of resources if your villagers are too far away or too dumb to actually throw water at it (which they are 90% of the time). Make fire logical, not random, please...- Foresters have a stupid mechanic where you need a tree nearby to grow trees. Meaning that, if your forester, by some dumb chance, cut the last tree before putting down a new one, well, tough luck, your forester is useless. Haven't these people heard of seeds?- Knowing how efficient you are in this game is basically guess work, and in a management game, this is unacceptable. I had 5 foresters house (10 villagers) actually doing nothing because they were dumb enough to cut the last tree around them. Also, there doesn't seem to be any priority for placing villagers into buildings, meaning they pretty much go wherever they want, so you need to close building that you actually need just to shuffle your people around.- Speaking of efficiency. Who the hell designed those storehouses? They are the most useless mechanic in the game, and they are MANDATORY. When I saw storehouses and that they had people tending them, I thought these would carry cargo around depending on the needs of the populace, so putting charcoal near bakers, blacksmiths and houses that use them. But no, that's not how this game works. Storehouses are basically proximity storage, meaning they are made for workers to drop their stuff. Not dropping their stuff faster, because villager won't walk more than 10 feets to drop materials. Just dropping them. I had a row of 5 forester around a road with a large storage, and the two at the edges could not figure out the storage and stopped production, when they were litterally in the same screen.- Same problem with food, I thought I would make a giant city town and have farmland on the outside where it's fertile. You know? Like every single medieval city in the bloody world ever? Guess what? You can't do that! If you do that, all the citizens inside your wall will starve! Because it'll take more than 5 seconds for these peasants to get to the god damned grainery (that has to be close to your farms, otherwise you lose your harvests in the winter, because villagers can't store♥♥♥♥♥♥fast enough) and by the time they travel from the house, to the grainery, back to the house, they actually have to go back to the granery, because they already don't have enough food to live! And guess what? Citizens that go back and forth like this, well, they don't do usefull stuff, like, you know, FARMING. Which means your harvest gets slower and slower, until you reach the 0 food and everyone is unhappy. Oh yeah, speaking of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics!- Unhappiness. The mechanic itself isn't a bad idea. It's just bad in its execution, like everything else in the game. Every house in the game has this happiness meter that goes up and down depending on certain things, like, if you have access to a well or charcoal. The problem is that the thing not only doesn't make sense, it's so fickle it can blow off your entire city in an heartbeat. Let's say your house have an happiness level of 60 because of the nice scenery and the well nearby. You build a coal mine quite far (but not too far because of the damn storage problem) so they have a nice supply of coal which gives +8 happiness. But when they don't have enough coal in the house (because the peasant is too stupid to carry it fast enough), you don't go to +0 happiness. No, you go to -8. And if you wait too long, you can go down up to -20 (that I've seen). So basically, if my coal production stops because I'm out of wood because of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ forester, well, I just lost 16 happiness, and it will go down to -28 happiness over time to all the houses that coal production worked for. Now, note that this is on a base of 100, and that you won't reach 100 easily, meaning you'll hover around 80, 70 if you actually tax your people to get decent money. Suddenly, you go down to 50 or even 40. Nobody will then join your town, meaning you can't build back the industry to satisfy your town, because nobody is there to fill the holes. So your happiness will just keep spiraling down. And that's when you're not hit with my next point.- Random. ♥♥♥♥ing. Events. Again, good idea,♥♥♥♥♥♥execution. I've seen 3 main events in the game: a random plague, a random dragon attack and a random viking invasion. The first one is relatively harmless after a few years, as an hospital would more likely be enough to take care of a rather big time. That would be if your townspeople were intelligent people. Remember when I said kind of go where they want to work? That includes the bloody hospital! So if suddenly, all your doctor left because you couldn't pay them for one tick, well, tough luck! You'll have to wait until the next patch of peasants come into town! Oh wait... They won't be coming! Because you get a bloody -30, -40 happiness because of the plague if it kills people, and another -15 happiness just because...well, there was a plague. So you're sitting at 10 happiness, people are leaving because they are unhappy. Good luck finding doctors for the next one. The next two I'll cover together on my next point, because they have the same problem and brings another one.- The thing I wished for this game was to build a giant fortress town, have big walls and soldiers and stuff. You can get big walls and soldiers. And you'll need them. A lot. The dragon encounter is a random dude that flies over your fortifications and burns your stuff. What it'll burn is...guess what? RANDOM. Meaning it could set fire to the random house that nobody cares about, or your ENTIRE BLOODY FARM LAND. And with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI and it's water management...you get the picture. What's the point of building walls? You can't even block that thing. Well, it must be for the viking invasion right? Hahaha... haha. ha... ♥♥♥♥ me...- The viking invasion is the worse design of this game. As someone that didn't play much of the game, I have no idea what's the most optimal root, but I manage to struggle along, with all the random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I find this to be a feat. But then, you get this event. And then you cry. You see, vikings come in boats. Over water. The map is around 70% water. So you know those walls I told you about? Make sure you build them around the water too! Because that's how coastal towns work, right! These ♥♥♥♥ers will jump you from a somewhat random direction. Most often then not, the one where you DON'T HAVE WALLS. And even if you do have walls, if you only have a SINGLE hole in them, they will come in. Meaning you NEED to build walls a soon as you are able. You see, I'm a wimp, I like to play my game on easy. So I picked easy mode, because I wanted to fight stuff, and managing your army is about 70% of this game so if you pick the passive mode, you're going to get bored real ♥♥♥♥in' fast. On easy, after walling my entire city and created towers all around my coastal town, and even putting archer towers inside my town, the bloody viking came in from the worse spot where all my houses were stacked. Yeeeeah, instant restart. No matter how many towers you have, they'll burn everything by the time you kill them. And because villagers are smart, they go and douse the flames! And get butchered by the ♥♥♥♥in' vikings. Yeeeaah. ♥♥♥♥ vikings. Oh! But you know, don't settle near water! That gotta work right? Yes, you'll also be missing on 70% of the map, so be prepared to roll a good map at the start where the fertile ground, rocks and iron aren't all near water. Good luck with that, I have better things to do with my time."
76561197961643129,Not Recommended,569480,33720879,Posted: 22 July,all,Pub Heroes - b0niK,"Short and simple.Normally in a game, once you learn how to play... the game starts.In Kingdom and Castles;Once you learn how to play... there's nothing to do, and you will never play it again."
76561198063392127,Not Recommended,569480,34524677,Posted: 27 August,all,Stalker,"Post review:After receiving a satifactory response from developers I've been somewhat pulled towards the positive side. It seems that my review was based on incorrect assumptions and also a confusing roadmap which played a big part in determining my stance. However, since the response and the release of a new patch I'm very happy and hopeful for the future of the game. My main critisism was the lack of content and how it seemed it was going to stay that way. The new update is what the game needs: More progression, depth and sence of achievement. The game still needs a endgame and many other things like more managable armies etc. What will happen to the game in the future is hard to say, I think a good start would be to make the future less confusing. (This ""post review"" was made in a hurry and might be messy and confusing (like the roadmap). I will update it when I get the time. The same applies to the ""note about developers"" and ""conclusion"", both made after the original review)Original review:Hi!I've now played this game for 6 hours which is long enough to make a review for this game, I think. It feels like I've experienced all that the game has to offer at this point; I've built all the buildings and done all there is to do. Right now it doesn't feel very satisfying. The biggest problem probably became apparent in the beggining of the review: I've played 6 hours and can already make a review. This is because the game is just so basic. Even though the game has an execellent foundation it quickly becomes boring, even though I've started multiple new playthroughs. However, this shouldn't be a problem considering the game has just gotten out of early access. So, why a bad review? It's a problem because of the roadmap. As I said, a basic game isn't a problem if the developers are working hard on giving out new content to add to the already great foundation of the game. The problem is that they've done the opposite, atleast in my opinion. If you start looking at the roadmap you realize that the next big thing to happen is VR, WTF! This game needs more content! You can't start painting the house before you've built the house! This is why I can't give it a good review, even though it has great potential. I might be proven wrong by the developers, which I hope will happen; I really endorse the theme and idea. Even though my review is negative there are good things about the game, also bad things I didn't mention. For these you should look at other reviews, which you should do in any case. This review is critique mainly targeted at the roadmap. I hope you found this review helpful in determining whether or not to buy the game. Thx!In conclusion:The game is good but lacks substance, my critisism was the confusing roadmap which has now been more or less clarified for me. However, the game is, as of writing this, too basic and annoying, which is why my negative review remains. You should read the review with a grain of salt though. Instead research yourself; are my points still valid now as your reading it?Note about the developers:It may have looked like I was accusing the developers of being lazy and unwilling to improve their game. This is far from the truth, It's quite the opposite actually; It's not often you find developers so generous as these. What I meant was that they were mearly going in the wrong direction which I should have been more clear about. So sorry for that."
,Recommended,569480,34247632,Posted: 14 August,all,rebus_forever,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L2MuUwomUkhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/RebusForeverReviews#curationThanks in advance for your time and here goes.....Did you like Zeus Master of Olypmus but wish it had more turret defence elements?Did you like Rampart but thought it needed more Anno?Do you like immortal buggy Vikings?Then this might be the hot mess you are looking for.Kingdoms and Castles is a streamlined city building game, combined with a tower defence element; the game's cast of antagonists consists of  grumpy vikings, ogres and dragons who regularly pop by to ruin your stuff.Your defences from the various invading forces are your walls, towers and armies.Walls  can be stacked to stupid heights, and one of two artillery pieces can be installed on the top with a higher tower providing more range.Army management consists of hiring champions who are able to recruit soldiers from barracks- this process requiring a fairly established economy.Principalities and Hamlets is perhaps better thought of as the most complicated turret defence game you will ever play.The town management system revolves around creating  efficient and simple production chains to keep everyone fed and happy enough to collect  coin needed for town services and defence.The game features 3 different modes with varying degreees of difficulty- I mostly played the hardcore mode as I found the normal a little bit too easy but I'm sure both of the easier modes serve as a means of practicing or just enjoying a more casual experience.The game had a number of bugs while I played but also a fairly frequent slew of patches.They  seem like a company interested in supporting their product, which for a 7 quid game Is good to see.I spent about 40 hours with the game and look forward to checking it out in the future if they release any more content or difficulty tweaks.Unfortunately in the late game,  once you have fortified the entire island, the vikings sorta give up which leaves  you building for its own sake in the hope the vikings would pluk up the courage to mount a worthwhile  assualt which may never come; some patch or rebalance is required to keep this game interesting past this point.I definitely got my money's worth with the game and would suggest Nations and Motte and Bailey to any fans of city builders looking for an experience requiring zero learning or for folks intimidated by denser games but who want to try running their own town.Empire and Towers Is like a big colourful Fisher Price city sim, its got its shortcomings and its bugs, but as of now is a fun timesink where you get to effectively build a medieval megacity. For me, this game could only be more awesome if someone actually made a magacity or 40k style hive city reskin. I'm not a fan of overtly cartoony graphics but this game gets a pass, would recommend.If you watch the video from here lemme know in the comment section.And if you enjoyed my review check my other reviews either on Steam or on Youtube."
76561198043747260,Recommended,569480,33788184,Posted: 25 July,all,leochow_9,"Generally speaking, I would recommend this game. But I must emphasize that it depends on what you want. I personally is a big fan of 8-bit or games with simple graphics. Plus, building the city can make time fly without your knowledge. However, to a certain degree, the game lacks contents. The invasion is not challenging at all; instead, it's only annoying.I suggest the developers to create more playable and attractive elements in the game, say, battle between cities, exploration for treasure or even a campaign mode etc.If you are a serious gamer, this might not be a game for you. If you are a casual gamer, it might worth your money and time."
76561198011270411,Not Recommended,569480,33777874,Posted: 24 July,all,SiFi,"Has Potential is best way to say it. And dispite this review, I do enjoy Kingdoms and Castles in small spurts.Reminds me of the Tropico games, perhaps an alpha state of the games. Contrary to Cities Skylines or SimCity, you have complete control over each build location and when to build it. Where its different is with Viking raids and Dragon attacks.Like I said, it has potential. However...It feels quite unfinished. Building variety is minimal, late game brings no challenge and small micro management of defenses is infuriating.Once you get anything resembling a stable population via food production, the only thing left to do is build houses, walls/towers, fields and expand. Thats it. The proposed downside to expansion is in the form of Viking raids. However they are mostly just a small anoyance. Any damage done is easily repaired and the pentalty to happyness is negated by a single building and 25 gold.With plans to develop further, the potential for being a solid game is there. Unfortunatly its not quite there yet."
,Not Recommended,569480,33823333,Posted: 26 July,all,Little Puffski,"Neat, tiny, casual and very limited city builder.I like city builders, even though I'm not very good at them, they're usually fun. This game mainly consists of two things - making a succesful and optimized city, and defending it against invasions. However, after first few captivating hours comes the realization that the game lacks depth in any way and there is nothing else for you to do other than mindlessly doing same thing over and over.Here lies the problems with the game - it offers you tiny, randomly generated map, which is always very similar, so there is no feeling of a different game here. It's one little map, giving you no sense of actual freedom, and reminds me of Sim City 2013 in that way. When you get the hang of things, there are 2 main themes - ""keep expanding the city and optimize it"", and ""defend yourself against invasions"". Well, the invasions are extremely primitive and lacking. Either a dragon shows up, or vikings come to raid you in increasing number of boats. This then repeats over and over. You've seen one invasion, you've seen them all, they're just coming from different parts of the map, and vikings get more challenging, but they're always the same and quickly become boring and mundane.So the other thing is to keep growing the city. I've spend probably 6 hours just killing time, building on everything the little island offered to me, but it wasn't the same as the first few hours, where I've explored most of what the game has to offer. Even the building selection is rather small, there are no advanced options, no statistics and even optimizing your city is just very primitive and dumbed down compared to most of the other games - you can't even do basic things like moving specific resource from one stockpile to another. Later in game, the invasions become a mess to watch, because using armies is just painful, you end up chasing enemies all across your city, and the god damn clouds keep getting in your way. The game also starts having performance issues when you start getting closer to 1000 citizens. Your advisors don't have much to say and they start repeating the same few lines over and over.Being casual is not bad, but lacking in content and depth is another. The game needs more variety in every way. It feels like an early access title that just got released, or an early tech demo. There are no objectives, no campaign, no variety in invasions, no joy from new discoveries, anything at all. It's just a tiny sandbox, and compared to games like Banished (when Banished first was released), there is no depth to it's systems.It doesn't make the game bad, but it simply needs more depth and content before I can recommend it to anyone else but a person who won't feel sorry that they paid 10 euros for few hours of casual fun. While the price is low, for 10 euros you can get so many other building strategies with much higher value, that there is really no competition. Games like Prison Architect, Banished or the Anno series are far more interesting, because they allow interactions and optimization of the whole ecosystem on much deeper level, or they have campaigns and different objectives."
76561198014277673,Recommended,569480,33678748,Posted: 20 July,all,Oranix,"Seems pretty good, but the maps you can generate seem very small. I feel claustrophobic before the game even starts. I hope the future updates bring some more content -- looking forward to them."
76561198076886280,Not Recommended,569480,33746672,Posted: 23 July,all,OlennaSavage,"At this stage i cannot recommed this game, cause its not really polished and it has a little to offer(barly nothing), when you reach the ""end game"". I know that it is a 10€ game, and believe me the foundation of this game i good and solid, but right now there is no goal in this game. Ofc its a city builder (sandbox mode physlosophy), where your job is to build a city from nothing, but this game has no real production lines, to less needs for citiezens and a very small portion of buldings to chose.The dev team said, that they are working on new content, so lets hope that this game will keep us to play later on.I guess many ppl stampled about that:""A citizien has starved to death""Its disguisting how this works, because you have like 2k food, and ppl are dying. At the same time the marketplace is the most useless building in this game. In theory i should carry food from the graneries to the marketplace (city center) but it doesnt work. Why? I guess the travell time from the graneries to the marketplace is to big, so it cant handel the need of your city.I mean farms are supposed to be outside the city an not right near your domain or inside you main city part. But when you reach a certain population you will really struggle with starvation because of this. I cant tell if it is poor designed or programmed, but even if you try to build opitmal roads iz just doesnt work.This is the main thing why i dont play it anymore. You cant have big cities, because this will problem will anoye you to death and you cant do nothing against it.Next big thing.PLEASE ADD AN AUTOMATICALLY REPAIR BUTTON AFTER A VIKING INVASION!!! Its frustrating when you have first to delete the rubber and then place new buldings..... Its an unecessary micromanagment which isnt fun, its even the opposite.Lets hope for lifechanging options in this game and new content. Ofc you can buy this game and try it out. Its fun at the beginning, but believe me, you will point out the same things as me.Peace out!"
,Recommended,569480,34037486,Posted: 5 August,all,yanter👑,+Good graphics+Good playability+Good price+You can choose your own world+Easy control-Need more buildingsI can't wait for another updates. It's one of the best city building games.9/10
,Not Recommended,569480,34090357,Posted: 7 August,all,Poutini,"I can't quite recommend this game. The play is fun, but there just isn't enough content or depth for it to stay interesting for long."
76561197990386275,Not Recommended,569480,34638410,Posted: 31 August,all,Victuz,"Once again I wish there was a ""meh"" option for reviews.It's a neat little game. But at it's current state it feels like an early access game rather than a full release. The number of full production chains is limited. Your ability to interact with the world map itself is also limited.As time goes on and the game receives more fatures and content it might be more interesting. But right now... eh."
,Recommended,569480,33682052,Posted: 20 July,all,Dagrak,A great little fantasy Kingdom builder that doesn't spend its time forcing you to build armies and go to war. Depending on the game mode you choose you may have to build some defences to fend off dragons and Viking hordes but for the most part this game is about letting you build up your perfect kingdom to rule over in a fairly relaxed and stylised world. Well worth the small asking price.
76561198280257928,Not Recommended,569480,34505039,Posted: 26 August,all,Driko Nirva,"This game is a good game, but after playing for a while and occupying the whole island it becomes boring, so I reccomend they add bigger maps, rival civilizations, more buildings, more enemies and a lot more of mechanics. For now I'll leave it to this."
,Recommended,569480,34158262,Posted: 10 August,all,Shakermaker,"If you are looking for a casual city builder, this is it."
76561197961960449,Recommended,569480,33802797,Posted: 26 July,all,Growler,"Thumbs up! Ignore those people who say ""I've played the whole game in 2, 3, 5, 'whatever' hours"" and ""felt my money could be spent better some where else""Its a £7 game. You can't even go to watch a film at the movies for that price! Such Stingy people...Now, the game is simple, with some initial challenge that gets easier as you understand more about it. Fun and pleasent to look at. It is basically what it says on the label perfectly, ""A city builder with a tower defense strategy"" and the devs are working to add even more content... for your £7.If u have a tenner to spend, and you like the sound of it. just buy it. cos u wont find any other form of entertainment for the same amount.or if this aint your kind of game then dont buy it! and see how far £7 gets you in the pub! :P"
,Not Recommended,569480,34468952,Posted: 24 August,all,Krombopulos Michael,"Eh I'm kinda on the fence for this one. It looks pretty cool and the basics are solid fun for about 5-10 hours depending on your patience, but right now there's just not enough to the game to really get into it. Honestly it made me just want to play some more Banished. It has much more content, especially with certain mods, and it's essentially the same game just in a different style. I wouldn't totally dismiss this game though because I think it could be really good given enough time."
76561198079715450,Not Recommended,569480,34032586,Posted: 5 August,all,poelmeister,"Before I start unleashing wrath on this game, I have to say, I actually like it and I think it holds promise. I played a good amount of hours, and I know the developers are active and updates are rolled out. So yeah, thumbs up for that, and I don't see this ending as some sort of abandonware.As of now, even though I enjoy playing it, the game really needs a few tweaks to be great. The early game is slightly too challenging, if you get through that, it's slighty too easy. I think that it comes down to resource costs, and the way the game triggers events. Fires do ravage your towns even when you used a lot of stone rich buildings, and the vikings come too often and have too much impact on your people's mental health. But again, nothing a tweak or two can't fix.Being as it is, I don't think the game's value is where it's placed at. If it's polished out, yes. Currently, no. A bit of my ire comes from this being unfinished game number X I stumbled upon, I am starting to get really fed up being a beta tester at full price for some supposed 'diamond in the rough'. I know I'm the one buying and I should take note of it before buying, but for some reason I keep falling for it. Call me stupid if you want, you might be right when it comes to these things.I will update this review when it becomes worth the price or when development takes us to new grounds, and I haven't uninstalled and forgot it. Which at the moment honestly seems to be the most probable option."
,Recommended,569480,33698295,Posted: 21 July,all,n3penthe,"Kingdoms and Castles has a good concept and it's a solid game that unfortunately lacks depth.I started my first game on hard difficulty and it has been the right choice. The first few invasions can be brutal, but once you get some walls and towers running it gets more manageable.It took me around eight hours to build everything that there is to build and fill approximately 2/3 of the map. I enjoyed every minute of it, but now there's not really any replayability other than creating a different looking town/castle.I think this game needs a few things: more depth to the invasions and to the management side. Here are my suggestions:Crime and poverty:When the happiness drops really low there should be more interesting consequences. One of these could be crime. The citizens could commit arson, theft, violent riots etc. when they're really unhappy. To control these the player could build dungeons and town guard. You could set punishments for different crimes in a Prison Architect style, like jail time for theft and hanging for murder etc.Poverty, lack of food and other recources, is what would drive people to committing crimes. If the people lose their homes they could become homeless beggars which would increase overall unhappiness.Brothels could be one way to increase happiness but they would also increase crime near them.Invasions:It's not really that hard or interesting to repel vikings and dragons even when playing on the hard difficulty, so something needs to be done.The dragons need an overhaul, they're a joke at the moment. They possess no real threath once you get a couple of towers on the edges of your town. I think that the dragons' breath could be a lot more deadly and there should be a chance for two to three dragons attack together. They could also grab villagers with their claws and drop them to death.There could also be a dragon trainer profession. You could buy the eggs from the upcoming merchants and then hatch them and grow your own dragons to defend your city.Vikings and ogres are somewhat okay and they atleast get things done, but they could use features like ballistas, ladders, kidnapping townspeople, stealing money and resources (I've never seen them do that, they just burn stuff which is ridiculous) etc.All in all there's a lot of things that could make this game better. There's already a solid base and good things coming and I think this will be a really good game in a year if the developers keep making it better.I did get my money's worth out of it already and I'll definitely come back once there's more variety to the gameplay."
76561198130193229,Recommended,569480,33886120,Posted: 29 July,all,SirNewbington,"reminds me of Banished but with the castle walls and enemies i wanted it to have. for the price you cant beat it. i hope down the line they add more stuff , but either way i love it!"
76561198034223393,Recommended,569480,33690143,Posted: 20 July,all,Michael,"I built a bridge across a river and built a big♥♥♥♥♥gate on my side, the vikings got to the gate, jumped into the water and just swam ashore, around my gate.10/10 i wasnt expecting the ai to use human tactics"
,Recommended,569480,33790420,Posted: 25 July,all,Blegdore,"It's $10 bucks worth of a game. It's not deep or challenging, but it is relaxing and enjoyable for what it is.This is a good game to get started into the building/management genera if yuou've never played one before.If you want more depth buy Banished for $20. If you want Marianas Trench depth then Dwarf Fortress is free,http://www.bay12games.com/dwarves/"
76561197961628561,Not Recommended,569480,33751628,Posted: 23 July,all,Nappa The Patty Cake Champ,"though entertaining for a few hours this game lacks depth its very basic in management as well as ability to control the town. cant tell villagers what jobs you want them to do IE in a disaster if you lose 20% of pop and now you're lacking in food production you cant tell your people to focus on food, you cant upgrade or boost your town past the initial building sets that they have. basically think there is 3 of every type of building entertainment/hapiness boosters housing military and army and once you have those there is no real point or reason to keep playing. The attacks on your city are either waaay too hard for beginning game to stupidly easy mid to late but the devistation that they bring is pretty poor I could let the vikings in let them ravage the city and still be just fine with it being a minor setback the dragon is a huge joke it spews fire on a building and if you have a well nearby villagers put it out before it does damage"
76561198043995076,Not Recommended,569480,33687554,Posted: 20 July,all,汉字,"Even though I am giving this game a thumbs down it is worth mentioning that it is an entertaining game however it leaves much to be desired. This in general is the problem with early access games, and even though I did not encounter any bugs that affected gameplay at all I consider I beat the game (playing on the intermediate difficulty). What is the ultimate goal in this game you may ask? I don't know, and part of me not knowing is what hooked me on for more than six hours in one sitting BUUUT eventually I realized that I just have to wall off the whole island using piers...and I'm almost done doing that but amassing the resources, creating the same building over and over again, just doesn't cut it. Honestly you will get more gameplay buying anything else with 10 euros than playing this at the stage at which is at. It can be sooooooo boring once you figure out how to play the game. I don't really know how the refund policy works on steam for games you didn't like but if it has nothing to do with time played on a game then I will be refunding, if not well there goes another early release which will leave you wanting for more.Anyone who has played this for more than 4 or 5 hours will end up asking themselves why aren't the maps bigger? Why can't I have more than 1 castle, or a way to create a city center and trade betwen those city centers! A part of why this currently wouldn't make much of a difference if it were in the game is because the maps are so small. By now I feel I am repeating myself but this game could be sooo cool but why release it now!!!!! Dragons are all the same, they dont get stronger as the game progresses (and if they do barely noticeable), vikings do however pose a challenge to a certain point. When building houses next to each other they should have some sort of automatic grouping and have some special appearance depending on the combinations. Meh whatever, by now I am just ranting.Do I regret spending the 10 bucks? No. Would I spend them again? No"
,Recommended,569480,33754776,Posted: 23 July,all,Some Guy,"What is Kingdoms and Castles?Kingdoms and Castles can best be described as a City-Builder-light, with some defense elements mixed in. As much as I love this game, I do have to agree with many of the other reviews: this game is NOT for everyone. I myself have always been put off from the City Builder genre because of its commonly occurring, in my opinion, over-management gameplay, where you have to micro-manage almost every aspect of the city. I completely understand that the reason that people like the genre is usually because of the surplus of management, so if you are one of those people, this is NOT the game for you. I'd recommend getting some other city builder, because the thing that I like the most about the game you will hate, and that's its simplicity.Gameplay BasicsThe simplicity of the game doesn't stop at the art style, it carries into its gameplay as well. You start out by placing down your centeral building, where three advisors stay and where you can store some materials. The advisors will give you updates and advice on city management, agriculture, and the military.The resources in the game are food, wood, stone, iron, money, coal, and tools, and there is little management of them. You just place down storage buildings for them, tell them what you want and don't want, and your peasants will know what to do. Again, simple gameplay. This is good, because usually you'll be too buisy managing other things to care where they're placing the resources.There is also general happiness, which is affected by a lot of things. The one thing that I really like is that happiness isn't just some overall thing, the happiness is different from peasant to peasant. This means that you have to watch where you're placing things like libraries, churches, and taverns. Also, this means that if you're having a crisis on, let's say, another island, only that island will be sad. Of course the average happiness bar will tell you that happiness has gone down, but if you click on it you can see happiness on a building by building basis. Happiness is also increased by not taxing them too much, having plenty of food, and access to basic resources.Defense In K&CWhen I was first attacked, it was kind of jarring. All of a sudden I had a billion problems on my hand that I had to deal with. We had food shortages because they attacked the farms and graneries, people were upset cause some homes were destroyed, and I honestly didn't know what to do. So I rebuilt, put down some defenses, and the later attacks didn't affect us as bad. Now, with my experience in dealing with attacks since then, I have 1 very good thing to say about it, and 1 very bad thing to say about it, so I'll start with the good:It, like the other things in this game, is fairly simple. Spread defenses evenly around the city, reinforce your borders, and you're good to go. If you happen to have an exposed or undefended area, the AI will eventually find there way to that area and cause chaos. The bad thing about the defense elements is that it is very expensive. This means that there is little to no options for defense early on in games. Typically you'll have to wait until late-game before implementing the aforementioned reinforcements, because it requires a lot of stone to build. To give you some perspective, one stone wall piece costs more than the stone equivalent of building a mid-tier house.Some CriticismsFinally, my criticisms. Like I said, I really love this game, but that doesn't mean I don't have some grippes. For example, if you have some kind of food shortage, there is no short term solution. There just isn't. You have to put down more farm land and pray to the crop gods that it grows before winter. Else, you won't see a return on your investment for over a year, which at that point your city adviser will be driving you crazy with the constant ""THERES NO FOOD"" updates. Yeah, I get it, there's no food. You could've stopped the 30th time you said it and I would've understood.Another thing, I feel like there should be more ways to speed up your villagers other than just putting down pathways everywhere. In my game, we currently occupy the in-game equivalent of an entire continent, and so resources aren't available everywhere. This means that when I want to build something in the city, I have to have peasants do a lot of walking. I feel like there should be some sort of horse, or stone pathways, or something that would speed them up more. Also, it would be nice to have an indicator telling you what month it is, and the current and upcoming weather events.ConclusionOverall, I really like the game. As I stated previously, the overwhelming micro-management turned me off from the city-building genre, but this game, for the most part, does away with that. There are a few complaints that I have, but nothing too game-breaking. Overall, I give the game an 8/10, but if you are into lots of management in city games, this is not for you."
,Not Recommended,569480,34225960,Posted: 13 August,all,xjjon,"Not much content, it's fun but finished it in 3 hours.Game gets boring quickly because there's not enough depth for a builder game."
,Recommended,569480,34781577,Posted: 6 September,all,Kieran | rlcd.gg,Decent game but gets boring after around 5-6 hours of playing.
,Not Recommended,569480,33698809,Posted: 21 July,all,Lexi,"Gave it a shot, refunded.Pros,Cheap, very cheap.Has a really nice artstyleNice blend of Caesar/Settlers style gameplay, even if its simplified.Castlewalls are fun?Cons,If you've never played a Caesar game before, it might be confusing. No tutorial.I pretty much saw all of the content, every building and enemy within 2 hours (Hense the refund)Incredibly easy. There seems to be very little, if zero challenge so long as you've got a basic understanding of the genre.There are simply far more worth while cost to enjoyment titles like it out there, such as the classic Zeus, Caesar, Pharaoh or a more modern take like Lethis - Path of Progress.Feels more like something suited for a handheld."
,Recommended,569480,33728992,Posted: 22 July,all,Teflonto,"Gorgeous little game that unfortunately falls into the same trap as Banished: once you master the basics, it's a case of more of the same, ad infinitum.However, that being said, this game is perfectly priced, looks beautiful for its art style, and is a lot less plodding than Banished was. It's a simple, intuitive town builder with elements of Stronghold (Minus the RTS) and ANNO, but it just needs fleshed out a little.That being said, I bought it at full price and just sunk a solid 3 hours into it and loved every minute. For the price, its shortcomings are easily outshone, I just want them to continue to add more elements."
76561198010333548,Not Recommended,569480,35064627,Posted: 19 September,all,Phreek,"Short:This game looks promissing and is fun for a few hours but as of now (September 2017) it is not worth the price, not even close. It needs waaaaay more content and many of the mechanics in place need to be reworked completely... just feels like a bunch of pretty puzzle pieces that don't fit together. That being said, I have no confidence this will change in the next year. Considering the state of the game, I do not understand why it is out of early access.Long:Map sizeis waaaaaaaay too tiny which limits your creative choices when it comes to building. You always end up building on the whole island and putting a wall around, that you spam with towers.Map generationis random with no options what so ever to influence it... which means you will have to klick the same button for half an hour until you get what you had in mind (one solid island where you can build from the middle, for example).Building your villageis not challanging once you get the hang of it and that happens really quickly. Your main limittation is the population since every building needs workers to function. After a short while you will have built every building there is and only focus on raising your population and defending, which brings me to the next and biggest issue...There is no effective way to defend. Attacks come in the form of Vikings, ogers and dragons.Dragonssound cool but they just fly arround and burn buildings. In order to defend against them you have to litter your land with towers which occupy manpower. Not very esthetically pleasing either and once it is done, you don't have to pay attention to dragons anymore.Vikingskidnap your villagers and set your buildings on fire so you want to stop them before they get in to your settlement. Walls seem like a solution but since it is random from which direction the attack is comming, you have to build your walls all around but do not have the manpower and mats in the beginnig to do so.Towers are helpfull but not as much as you would think. Vikings don't bother with towers and just walk passed by while taking dmg. Problem is, it's not enough dmg to kill the Vikings before they walk into your settlement and start setting it on fire. Again the solution seems to be to litter the land with towers so enemies get shot while they walk to your settlement.Ogersappear after a while together with Viking attacks. Unlike the Vikings, Ogres DO attack walls and towers and are there to simply smash buildings. I tried to occupie them by building a bunch of towers clumped up in one space, which would have worked but... since the direction they attack from is random, you have to buld them in every direction which is impossible because of the map size. Also that will not work on Vikings and dragons.So the only viable solution is to spam towers which looks like sh*t.Oh, yes... i forgot to mention the army you can build and send around on the map. They are completely useless against dragons and alsmost useless against Ogers but good against Vikings. I mentioned that population (as a resource) is the only challange and towers take a lot of it... well, armies need even more. That means it will take a while to buld a military that would be most effective in the beginning. Another problem is their AI... you have to babysit them constantly to make sure they doanything at all!Not to speak of the lack of controll you have over your towers and army. You can't klick on enemies, not see their health, not choose a priority target,...I like the looks and the idea behind this game but the mechanics do not work together, like I said, reminds me of pretty puzzle pieces that do not fit. I do not expect a full game and a lack of content is understandable for early access... what I DO expect is a solid core of a game, core mechanics that fit and funcion well together but as of now I can not see that. It's just too much work and this is why I have no confidence it will change anytime soon. Though I sincerely hope the developer will be able to solve all those problems and make this game as good as it should be. Oh wait! It's out ouf early access already?! Seriously?! Plays like an alpha build, that is actually outrageous!"
76561198054652554,Recommended,569480,34195436,Posted: 12 August,all,Peter Punkard,"Nice animations, great usability, but gameplay is thin. 6/10."
,Not Recommended,569480,33767519,Posted: 24 July,all,Hitode ツ,"Kingdoms and CastlesMy first impression of this game was overal very good. everything worked fine i had no problems at all in comperision to other games in this genre i though this was a very wel developed game. but after a few hours of playing i noticed some very game breaking mechanics / bugs.First of all the larger your city gets the more problems you'll notice. these problems vary from very, very low FPS to your viliagers starving even when you have: capped food, only lose -30 exposure and have the food supplies next to their homes (markets, farms, barns). you can spam these what ever you like but it doesn't work. Also there are no real threats besides vikings which can get bugged on land and than never apear again. Dragons who later in the game are no threat and lightning which is no threat since you only have to rebuild 1 building.Thanks to these i came to a conclusion to NOT recommend this game. I do not know the developers of this game but because of my experience in this genre, i think it wont take long to be discontinued and to die like other games in this genre."
,Not Recommended,569480,33693081,Posted: 21 July,all,ivanst321,"The game isn't totally bad, but it has a very short game play. It gets boring after 5 hours++, build the same buildings, build wall surrounding your islands and put towers on them and you're done. Afterwards there isn't anything left to do. You can always start a new game of course, but that's just it. Nothing more. The amount of buildings and mechanics are also too few, the map is rather small, I have filled 3/4 of the map just by playing less than 5 hours into it. For the current price, it is not totally disappointing, but there are other games that are definitely much more worth it. Wait until the developer put more content in it, or wait until its around 50% off."
,Not Recommended,569480,33763089,Posted: 24 July,all,Ziggyrnr,"**EDIT FOR THE CRYBABIES**This game is being sold as complete.  Even though the devs do stated the game is still missing stuff, they are selling it as complete.  The game is NOT complete, hence the negative review.  It's not ""too early"" to give it a negative review, that would be if the game was in Early Access which it isn't.  If you publish a game as complete and the user doesn't feel it so, then you are gonna have a bad review.  Simple science.  Stop reviewing my review, make your own.   It's my money I decide if it was worth the buy or not.**END OF EDIT FOR THE CRYBABIES**Game is lacking in content, with buildings and mechanics that are incomplete or bugged.  There's no clear goal or progression, not enough information about population, storage capacities, idle queue etc.   Invasions are a joke, the game is simply not enjoyable for too long.   It feels like a port of a incomplete phone game rather than an standalone pc townbuilder."
,Recommended,569480,34856593,Posted: 10 September,all,JoinTheDankSideOfTheForce,After playing for 20+ hours I think I have a good enough view of the game to review. Personally I think Kingdoms and Castles is a great game.Pros:Fun.Different every time.Not to easy and not to hard.Cons:Building massive towers is glitchy.Not enough late game content.Becomes repetative.Dev working on Twitch Intergration when game is not finished.Although the cons are quite annoying the game is not yet complete and I am optimistic that the bugs will be fixed and the game will have extra content added. Therefore I'm am recomending this game.
76561198038252230,Not Recommended,569480,34192353,Posted: 12 August,all,d.dargent,"This is poor man's Banished. The game is fun, the visual style is pleasing, but once you've figured it out there is very little replaybaility. I would only recommend if you are looking for a casual experience.I would be jhappy to play this on a mobile device, but for a PC game it falls too short."
,Not Recommended,569480,33724550,Posted: 22 July,all,☭Fundamentally Unfuckable™,"Steam really needs a ""meh"" option, because I can't decide on either option.The game is... decent, I suppose. If you're used to the city building greats like Settlers, Caesar, Zeus, Pharoah, you're gonna be let down. It's quite simple, and quite shallow, but quite relaxing at the same time. There's a very limited amount of buildings on offer, and if you're just interested in city building, half of them are useless. There's no overlays, so good luck figuring out the happiness/health range of certain buildings, or what buildings are at risk.The game could sorely benefit from some ""common sense"" additions, like a maintenance building that patrols the neighbourhood and stops fires, or even basic notifications that something is on fire. I've lost entire districts because the game neglected to tell me♥♥♥♥♥♥was on fire.Oh, and advisors are useless, and get extremely irritating after the first ten in-game minutes.Still, the game isn't bad, per say. I'd recommend picking it up later down the line, or, if you can stomach the simplicity of it, buy it now."
,Recommended,569480,33733781,Posted: 22 July,all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Anno and Banished had a baby, I would like to send out my congrats! The name you ask? Well the babies name is...... Kingdoms and Castles!A relaxing building game that is fun to play, really just needs a bit more content and depth and it will be not only fantastic but a wonderful addition to this genre. Not as hardcore as Banished, but sort of in between the relaxing nature of Anno and some of the elements of Banished.Will update this review as I spend more time with it. But as of now it is fun, looks cool and is relaxing to play. Not as in depth as Anno or Banished yet but it is well on it's way, with some more love and affection this wonderful creation will be a really great option for people who like to build stuff :)"
76561198040940184,Recommended,569480,33800401,Posted: 25 July,all,Rodimus7,"I would consider myself, at best, a casual player of city building strategy games.  Maybe less than casual.  I barely touch them.This game seems like a much more casual intro into the world of strategy games and I have found it a calm and relaxing game to play.  I really enjoyed the simplicity of it's structure mixed with the simplistic art style.  It clicked for me.  I've loved sinking time into it today and I am interested in taking on the higher challenges when I get good at the pacing.  There seem to be more updates coming from the developer to make it deeper, I just hope they don't dig too deep.  This could be an introduction for those who are intimidated by much more complicated and menacing looking city building/governing strategy games.  I may have never touched it were it not for the initial presentation.If you are looking for something more challenging or play these types of games heavily, you may want to move along.  I cannot see this being the game for you, and that's ok.  This is, however, the game you should recommend to your nervous friends instead of throwing them into a strategy game that is far more complex.I also think ten dollars is very fair.  I've paid ten dollars for a lot less content.  Many of you on here have spent more on a skin on a game you don't play anymore.  I usually stand by the ""if you get an hour for every dollar you pay, then you've gotten your money's worth"" rule.  This game will definitley get that much time.  If you don't use this rule, try it.  It made me realize I like Destiny a lot more than I thought.  ha!I look forward to the updates!"
76561198240663806,Recommended,569480,33676733,Posted: 20 July,all,Gillez007,It's just an amazing gameGood gameplayCute graphicsGood priceActive developers...I LOVE IT
,Recommended,569480,33722056,Posted: 22 July,all,KaioShin,"A light city builder in which you'll build a medieval town and defend it from invading vikings from time to time. You can freely chose if the focus is more combat heavy or completely peaceful, so there should be something for every taste here. The building tree is relatively quickly filled out, I had a 1000 people city running smoothly and unsupervised after a nice afternoon. Since the game is only 10 bucks that is totally fine with me. Don't go in expecting an Anno replacement and you'll get your money's worth."
,Recommended,569480,33890583,Posted: 29 July,all,ShimiOG,"Wonderful game, I do wish you could prioritize some buildings over others when contructing if you're out of idle citizens."
76561198141317281,Recommended,569480,33746603,Posted: 23 July,all,RickMalmsteenBR,"It's fun while it lasts, I'd say 5-10 hours.Some mechanics are very confusing to figure it out how they work though."
76561197971230372,Recommended,569480,35059040,Posted: 18 September,all,RomeoOneCharlie,"Probably one of the easiest, intuitive, friendly and entertaining civ builders on the market.  I'm completely hooked, and I've played 'em all."
76561198031569438,Not Recommended,569480,34068821,Posted: 6 August,all,noahwhygodwhy,"It's like Banished, but has fewer features, less detail, and is less polished. The settings menu is limited and buggy to all hell. It's fun for the first 4 hours, but gets old very quickly due to the lack of gameplay. There are enemies that press you to build defenses, but I find that you can either keep them at bay with ease, or they rofl stomp you. There is no inbetween. Imma go play more banished and pray that someone takes up the project."
,Recommended,569480,35177216,Posted: 24 September,all,Ceabras,"Good, but Barebones and ShortA pretty good entry in the city builder genre.  However, don't get this game if you are expecting 40+ hours of enjoyment from it.  My ""hours played"" (approximately 6 hours) represents the amount of time it took (less ~30 minutes to learn the basics) to fill an entire map with structures, build at least one of every structure in the game, and fend off dozens of attacks by dragons and vikings.  At this point, I have seen everything that the current version has to offer and I have no desire to keep playing.  I think that this is acceptable value for the price, but you might disagree.What I Would Like to See1. Bigger Maps- An option to adjust the map size, including maps much larger than the default map.2. Better Citizen Management- This could be an oversight on my part (then again, the fact that I could not figure this out after six hours indicates that the system, if it exists at all, is neither intuitive nor obvious), but I could not get citizens to occupy specific buildings with any consistency.  This issue poses problems when your kingdom gets attacked, because your defensive structures sit idle if no citizens are operating them.Even so, rebuilding after an attack was never an issue.  I think that any increases in the difficulty or frequency of attacks must come with similar improvements in your ability to defend the kingdom.Suggested Solutions: Citizens do not want to die, and don't want their homes destroyed.  When an attack is detected, citizens automatically stop their current activity and move to the nearest tower or barracks.Alternatively, add an option to give each structure ""priority"" (e.g., high, medium, low).  High priority structures would then attract workers before other structures.3. Steam Workshop- Mod support via Steam Workshop adds a lot of value for me.  I would be much more likely to continue playing if there was an active modding community working to make new buildings and map options."
76561198256505250,Recommended,569480,35098116,Posted: 20 September,all,ameagorthenny,"This type of resource management city building game always some of my favourite games for a chill session.Though in this case K&C lacks some contents to make late game more exciting to play with, it is well balanced and an hour or 2 session shows no bug for me.The graphic is, nothing to be amazed of and building designs range from simple havel to the complex mansion, but its enjoyable to look at for an extended time, cuz of the color?The music is enjoyable enough.I'm hoping for more infrastructure updates like the recent one, also the previous crazy rate of fires burning down buildings seems to have been rectified."
,Not Recommended,569480,33728848,Posted: 22 July,all,Misterstaple,The game was fun but it's playability was limited. Once you built up your city and were able to defeat dragons and vikings consistently there wasn't many things you could do.
,Recommended,569480,34868806,Posted: 10 September,all,The Rumor Weed,"A lot of people complaining that there isn't enough depth have a point, it's a very simple game and isn't very difficult.If you want a complex city-builder, this isn't it, and it's not claiming or trying to be that at all. But if you want a casual, relaxing city builder where you don't have to worry about too much, I've found few games that scratch that itch better than this game. If that sounds like something you want, you're not going to be disappointed."
,Recommended,569480,33821996,Posted: 26 July,all,Eric Cartman,"Kingdoms and Castles is a very fun game for sure. Watching your little town grow and prosper, while slowly turning into a fortified city is just cool. The tower defence element in this is very nicely executed aswell. There's vikings,ogres and dragons to invade your kingdom and you must be sure to prepare for this or face the consequences, which can be brutal at times if caught unaware. There aren't really building chains in the game, but personally, doesn't really affect my fun. It's a bit light on content at the moment too, but the developers will expand on this. If you are the type of person that can get a lot of enjoyment out of the beauty of a game and love making the best looking cities/castles, watching it grow/go about their business etc. You will for sure get many hours of enjoyment out of this game!Pro:+Simple but beautifull graphics+Music+Nice town building/management+Castles & walls!+Cool survival element food/invasions+Addicting+Only €10,- Price/Hours of entertainment factor is very goodCon:-Somewhat light on content ATM-Could be a bit better optimized I guessOverall, this game is very much worth your time! Highly recommended."
76561198031610934,Recommended,569480,33677514,Posted: 20 July,all,hankestevens,"A fun, polished and simple city builder."
,Recommended,569480,34106479,Posted: 8 August,all,-KEM- | Rice,"Honestly, if you're looking for a game that you can sink 100 hours into, this is not it. Look to Banished for something like that. Kingdoms and Castles is a simple city builder that isn't really made to be grinded. Personally, I found it extremely relaxing to play and the art style is enjoyable and satisfying."
76561198044219384,Not Recommended,569480,33752001,Posted: 23 July,all,Ben Dover - The Forceful,"I can't recommend this game in it's current state for the following reasons:1. Stone walls catch on fire randomly (so does everything else as well but come on, stone?)2. Your peasants constantly starve to death when you have food at granaries and markets but they don't grab any3. They give you the ability to use an army but make the army super derpy and useless, stick to turrets4. You have about 10-15 seconds to loot all of your food for an entire year in game or it spoils, no other option.5. Remember number 1?  Well they give you wells to combat those fires only no one goes to them for water and instead they watch your base burn.I get that this game is early access and took a chance cause of reviews but in about 2 hours i had a base big enough to ward off 2 ogres and a dragon at same time as well as the little vikings that came with the ogres.  Meaning I have beaten the game in 2 hours and the 2 hours worth of content is buggy at best, most of the flaws land on the A.I. in this game.  I continued after those 2 hours for another 4 to see if waves get harder or if maybe I get a notification of an enemy base for the derp patrol to attack but nothing.Seriously don't buy it."
76561198010241250,Recommended,569480,33870630,Posted: 28 July,all,Duke Dudeston,"Highly addictive game. Simple and easy to get into. Very much reminds me of the classic settlers.Started playing at midnight and then didnt even realise it was 3am. If you like games like the settlers, where you have to gather resources and defend your town in any way then this little gem is just for you.Randomly generated maps, although quite small really do keep you hooked. Probably one of the best Indie games I have bought on a whim in a long time.Cheap and cheerful game that isnt taxing on the mind and doesnt put a massive dent in your wallet."
76561198030757569,Not Recommended,569480,33776497,Posted: 24 July,all,afallensrequiem,"I'm a huge fan of games like these where they rely heavily on resource management and strategy. When I saw a likeness being drawn to Banished, which I've put almost 100 hours into, I figured I'd give Kingdoms and Castles a try. While I did mostly enjoy the game, I ended up requesting a refund after about 2 hours because I felt I had already experienced the entirety of the game and my $10 could be better used elsewhere.There were some frustrating parts where things were constantly catching on fire for no reason, villagers starving with a full granary mere blocks from them, and I was continuously experienced a low frame rate, even for rendering simple graphics on my perfectly capable machine. Compounding those with the lack of content and generally figuring out the game in only a couple of hours just made it lackluster for me and I just didn't see myself picking it back up later on. That said I would recommend this for someone who's looking for a game that's very simple and does not need a lot of energy to be spent on it. I think if the developers spend some time adding substantiative content with some intricacy, it could be a really entertaining game."
,Recommended,569480,33773776,Posted: 24 July,all,Zaxmy,"Fun for a while, needs some more elements to really excel. Troop management being one thing (v 104s)."
,Recommended,569480,33724115,Posted: 22 July,all,Kopakarack,"Feels a bit like baby's first management game. But then again, after Dwarf Fortress and Colonial Charter, every game in the genre might feel that way.Played a little while, had decent fun. Its visuals are charming, and has some creative ideas for the buildings. When I was younger, I always like building walls in Age of Empires, and this really scratches that nostalgia.Will probably come back to it every once in a while.It's definitely worth more than two footlongs, anyway. You can easily find out if you like it for the price within 2 hours, there's not that much depth to it. So you can at least check it out."
,Recommended,569480,34928404,Posted: 13 September,all,uglycat,"Not a bad game, but not very deep either.  You can get to the 'end game' in a few hours-- 5 maybe.  But on the other hand, they're only asking for 11$ CAN so it's a pretty fair price all things considered."
,Not Recommended,569480,34015733,Posted: 4 August,all,잭,"I do not recomend for now, best enjoyment for 3 hours and bordom afterwards."
76561198082366699,Recommended,569480,34113829,Posted: 8 August,all,I Am Seven,It is what it is = not much / don't expect too much but I had fun! :)
12449812497841278,Not Recommended,569480,34315228,Posted: 17 August,all,Monsa7200,"For now, I will say no.PROS:Presentation is really good. Great music and artstyle.Very simple game that can be used to pass time.Not that many bugs or glitches.CONS:Interface, both in-game and the menus, needs improvement. The options tab feels incomplete.Lack of content. What I mean is that after an hour or so you've already seen all the game has to offer.Maps are a bit small.Lack of explanation for a few game mechanics, like how food storage and distribution work.OVERALL RATING: 5.5/10""Wait to buy it. Right now it isn't worth your money."""
76561198088981474,Recommended,569480,34115449,Posted: 8 August,all,Pariah Songateri,One of the few medieval games where you can build walls several kilometers high.LIKE
76561198008336759,Recommended,569480,33684264,Posted: 20 July,all,LastBrohican,"Verdict: I would recommend this game, but I would give it a pretty soft 3/5. This is for sure a ""cute"" little city builder game, likened to either Banished and/or for you older gamers out there, 1602 or 1701 AD. Everything is very fair about the game in the way it plays, how it is delivered, and the pricing of it.Positives:+ This is a game where you are getting what you paid for, for $10 you are getting this little set of islands where you grow from a little hamlet/motte and bailey sort of thing to a sprawling castle.+ Unlike Banished, this game does offer a level of difficulty with invasions loomy, whether by vikings or dragons, there is an aspect of army building and tower defense to the game which is different.Negatives:- Just like I said in the first positive, you are getting what you paid for with this game, I wouldnt expect someone to invest a ton of time into this game, it is very simple in it's approach and while sometimes simplicity is king, it does not always spell out in longevity in the way of gaming.Video of review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGX3j6MYnrk&feature=youtu.be"
76561197970747488,Not Recommended,569480,34430133,Posted: 22 August,all,Altheion,"Super barebone, I requested a refund after having played for about 40 minutes as I felt the game had little more to offer. If you're into building a city without much variety this game is for you, if you like a city builder with depth and a lot of content I would not recommend this game for you."
76561198077515070,Not Recommended,569480,34322651,Posted: 18 August,all,Egg,"Edit: I have a much longer list of issues here:https://community.kingdomsandcastles.com/topic/bugs-quality-of-life-functionality-and-tooltipsI have played a lot of early access games, and I've never thought poorly of them because I knew what I was getting into when I bought them. However, this game is not marked as early access, and it should be.This game needs a lot of polishing with gameplay mechanics, visuals, and performance:- Micromanagement & Functionality:Each building needs workers to function: The player has no control over what buildings are worked, or how many workers. There are time when youneedto be able to micromanage this.Just having a +/- button next to the worker count in buildings would make a world of difference.There are also times when new constructions will have 0/7 workers despite having many idle civs with no indication as to why.Some tasks become very tedious due to lacking functionality. Clearing a forest should be doable with 2 clicks: Highlight and queue chopping. Unfortunately every single tree requires 2 clicks.Building around an area with a forester is very difficult. Coming from Civ V I’d like it if my workers cleared forests automatically when I tell them to build something, but I have to clear itand wait for it to be clearedbefore I can even queue the building. Because you have to wait quite a while for a worker to come chop the trees you may go do something else, only to come back and see the forester replanted the tree.Building a road through a foresters forest is harder than defending against invasion.- Visuals & Interface.When winter comes the game visualizes this by making the screen very bright. Not only is this very hard on the eyes, it also hinders gameplay making some things impossible to see. The different colors of soil and rocks all become too faded to tell apart because of the blinding light.Fortunatly the couds that cover the screen and compleatly blind you are disabable, however the winter time filter is not.Ingame menus do not function properly with scrolling. Scrolling in menus will scroll the ingame camera in/out while only moving the scroll menu a pixel up/down. The camera should really be locked while in menuAs your town becomes cluttered it becomes hard to click on buildings. You often end up clicking random civilians or the building behind even if your mouse is on a building. This sentence is short but it's a very very big issue in game, and it makes me wish I could disable clicking on civs.Some buildings have no useful description. The grand hall says something about having big meals every day, but no information on what is actually does. Even after building it I was not sure.When a civ dies of starvation I don’t know what house he was in, and If I find the house I have no way of knowing why the house can’t get food. In one playthrough I had plenty food and homes were all nearby, buy all homes would report they could not get food.Every few minutes 1 would die of starvation and there was no ingame information for how to fix this. This is a very big issue in the game and the advisors are the biggest offenders:Advisor messages become useless and redundant.When I get a message that some food was wasted I don’t know what to do. I have 3 granaries a mixed my farms yet food can’t reach them? The advisor tells me to improve paths to a granarie every season yet they are on top of eachother.Somewhere in my town 1 building does not have access to a library. The advisor reminds me of this and many other things every 30 seconds. There is no way to click this message and see which house does not have access.Edit: The latest update seems to help with people not getting food and food not getting stored before winter.Which brings us to the next issue:The colored circle showing the range of the library is the same as the church. Clicking a library to see it’s range creates a ping blob that includes the church's range, and makes the library range impossible to see.All these building effect range indicators also appear under buildings, making them hard to see in the first place.- Performance:This is the biggest issue for me. As I said I play a lot of early access games, so I could still enjoy playing despite the game being unfinished. I saw a positive review saying that someone reached a population of 1000 with no lag. Bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ 5 hours in with a population of 300~ I am down to 10~ fps. The low fps combined with bright winter filters made the game an unplayable eyesore after reaching mid game.It seems fps returned to normal after relaunching, But the game does run into fps issues if run for a long period.- Conclusion:This game was fun, but It plays like a very early access game. This becomes an issue because the game is not marked as early access. There is no guarantee that any issue I have with this game will be fixed, because the game is unfinished marked finished.The biggest issues with game are not that it runs out of gameplay quickly, but that the gameplay is more of a battle against bad UI than it is against dragons.I don’t usually write reviews, but I want to play this game again when it’s stable and finished.I hope that this highlights the things that are missing and that I can come back and have my review no longer be true."
,Not Recommended,569480,33698993,Posted: 21 July,all,Randumb,"At this stage not worth 10 dollars, lots of content lacking and like all other review after a few hours you've done everything. Actually, just enough content to stop you from recieving a refund. (2 hours)I'm looking forward to content like custom map making, or at least options for the random generator. More units, buildings, maybe multiplayer or single-player 1v1AI maps. Maybe improve the the camera movement and have micro managment options for buildings or citizens."
76561198210380884,Recommended,569480,33785008,Posted: 25 July,all,SweatyCookie,"It's a really fun game, It is not too complicated that I learnt the basic rather quickly but it got more challenging once the vikings arived, I love how the game looks it looks amazing. The dragons look cool to and I love how sometimes they fly past and dont atack, that is the more terrifying thing ever to see a dragon fly by your latest contruction project.The game is really fun but I do have problems with the seemingly random fires and I think the ogres are a bit too powerful. The fires are a bit annoying but only because it is not 100% ovious to how they work as either they can be set on fire by vikings which is cool and a good challenge while defending but random buildings can catch fire like foresters catch fire a lot and also wells do a lot and I find this to not make any sence, although its not hard to put them out the foresters can be annoying since they usualy end up in forest fires which is annoying since I havent found a way to replant trees.The only other part of the game I have  struggled with is the ogres they are very strong as they basicly one shot buildings, although ive only had a few arive they always take out key buildings without a chance of them being defeated, they also make the dragons look weak since a dragon has never been able to destroy one of my buildings (This includes the big red ones) but ogres can take out 3-4 and just leave.Overall this game is really fun and these problems are only small and might just be on my end but it really is a great game."
76561197985199121,Not Recommended,569480,34851001,Posted: 9 September,all,Memberberry,Gets boring very fast at the moment and 0 updates so far....
,Not Recommended,569480,34489305,Posted: 25 August,all,GrayGL,"I highly recommend this game, but not as of right now. It's a one and done kind of game currently, with not much content to offer. The game is very quick as well, but it was pretty relaxing and fun while it lasted. I will come back when they add more content, but they said they were working on worthless things like twitch and VR, boring. They need to add content, change some things about the current content, make it harder, make the maps bigger, and more unique. The maps are part of the reason you can finish so fast, eventually you just won't have any space to actually do anything and your game becomes pointless because you can't do anything more. Great concept though, ill keep an eye on it~"
,Not Recommended,569480,33767644,Posted: 24 July,all,Dumonster,"I mean... The game is what it promises but after some 3h it's just plain boring. Vikings attack, kill vikings, dragon attacks, kill dragon, vikings attack... and so on.Other than that is just waiting to get enough resources to expand the city is size, since it already has all the commodities.It's worth 5 bucks if you like strategy games and don't have a good movie to watch."
,Not Recommended,569480,34407630,Posted: 21 August,all,[OP] Fey,"The homework assignment version of Northgard. Everything has been done better this year, let alone in general. Theres a lot of current games that are better, with just about exactly the same formula, but not as barebones."
,Not Recommended,569480,35497227,Posted: 5 October,all,Emaxmagnus,"I like this game a lot, I've been following the development since the early days, but I still can't reccomend the purchase at this current state.The devs started adding content already, which is super good but there simply isn't enough yet to call this a completed game. I'm sure that, given enough time, we will be provided a finished product and I do look forward to that day, but for now I cannot give a thumb up."
76561198012177061,Recommended,569480,34245355,Posted: 14 August,all,H8usNightHawk,"This game is a lot of relaxing fun for the right price, and I totally endorse it.  That said, there's just one weird drawback: you can't force orders.  This is really only frustrating if you want to react to threats (vikings / dragons) with any agency.  Maybe that's part of the challenge and it's just lost on me, but you can order a structure to ""close"" thus saying ""don't work here"".  Makes a lot of sense to not have your archer towers fully staffed all the time with no threats... but then if you want to pause time as soon as a threat shows up and ""reopen"" your military structures... nothing forces your townfolk to staff them or do it.Not being able to force that order throws that fun bit of gameplay out the window.  And it's weird for it to be that way if they're going to have that mechanic at all.  Same for hospitals and plagues, same for having queued ""chop wood"" orders, and being out of wood.Sounds like a big drawback but I still really enjoyed the game."
76561198089763859,Not Recommended,569480,33883505,Posted: 29 July,all,samhelstrip,"fire is such a common occurance in this game that fire management became a full time job for many of my peasents.peasents complain that theyre not able to get to food even if a full store house is litterally right next to them.after one of afore mentioned fires took around half of my town including a manor, church and hospital my population went from around 100 to fourty rather quite quickly to a point where there was noone that could rebuildYou CANNOT lower tax rates, you can only raise them which i dont feel as though i need to state how stupid this idea is.overall its a good idea and can be quite fun  but with the issues i raise and numerous others it feels like a chore to play"
76561198017076013,Not Recommended,569480,33722928,Posted: 22 July,all,Texelion,"It seemed like a nice game at first, really like Banished. It has kinda the same gameplay and mechanics, and adds something really missing from Banished : enemies. Unfortunately I quickly noticed that all the nice features from Banished are kinda half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥here, and the town quickly becomes a mess. This game should still be in Early Access and is missing some basic features.As an example, you can't assign a certain number of workers to this or that. You build a quarry, it needs 4 workers, you can't just assign 2 workers to it for a slower production if you don't need a lot of stone.You have to clic on each tree and select ""cut down"", which will take one worker to do the task. You can't just select a patch of forest and tell them to cut it down, nope.No key bindings it seems, and the game is in qwerty. Thanks from all the azerty users. Shift+alt doesn't even work ingame to switch.Pathfinding is terrible and peasants will always take the shortest path instead of walking on the frigging road which makes them walk a lot faster.There is nothing indicating that a stockpile is full. I had 2 quarries with a stockpile just on the other side of the road, the stockpile was visually not even half full and still both quarries stopped production and said that the stockpile was full. And of course there is no-one to move the ressources from a stockpile to another, to your materials there are basically useless.Fires happen way too often, and despite having several wells in my village, they never manage to put it out on time. I lost a stockpile with all the materials in it ( obviously stone burns well ), leaving me with no wood and no stone.The amount of charcoal needed to do anything is minboggling.There is no logical sense of progression. For example there is a library to increase the intelligence of your peasants, but you can build an hospital even without a library, or intelligent peasants. I really wonder where they find the doctors...The stockpile system doesn't allow for a good city planning. You always need a stockpile both near the site of production, AND the houses, otherwise people won't have what they need. Unless you put markets everywhere of course, but by the time you can build a market it's already too late, you have stockpiles, granaries, crops and whatnot everywhere.Well those are just a few problems, gonna stop there. To sum it up : play Banished instead and wait for this game to be actually finished and polished."
76561198014522343,Recommended,569480,33773221,Posted: 24 July,all,Wolfy_is_Awesome,"At first, not sure if was going to like it... Just bought it yesterday and I've put 12 hours into it already. This game is addicting."
76561198055318578,Recommended,569480,35058143,Posted: 18 September,all,_-TehEpicPotato-_,"This game is actually pretty cool. My review will be coming from the many hours I played on the middle difficulty (Easy), I have not yet tried hard mode which is probably more fun.This game is really cool, You can actually build a little kingdom and defend it from many monsters that try to pillage your village, however I found that the monsters don't exactly get much harder or bigger hordes, they generally stay the same size, they get a tiny bit tougher from the very start, however once you start building up your defences and you get a lot of them, the monsters stand no chance whatsoever and there is no challenge.The game starts to get a little laggy towards the ""end"" of the game, but at that stage you've pretty much won anyways so it doesn't really matter.Overall this game is pretty cool, there's some replay value but not a lot, it'll be pretty much the same experience, however I am yet to try hard so that might be more fun. I do recommend this game, It's still in development I'm pretty sure so there's plenty more to come."
76561198118865096,Recommended,569480,33705128,Posted: 21 July,all,Orianok,"This game is amazing, for 10 euros youll be buying a very replayable game.The game does however lack some changes in the game in the sense of  difficulty, yes there is waves of raiders but if you have taken care of the issue youll soon be sitting on top of way too much money.It is still being worked on however, I'd definitly buy this if you liked banished."
,Not Recommended,569480,33870988,Posted: 28 July,all,KAT,the game is really good with great intentions but it is very short and isnt a game that you will invest thousands of hours into it is a game that you will play for about a hour like i did and that will be all you play it is extremely easy and simple and needs more added to it like a sort of skill tree or research system where you can earn new things and have new tools and things to build and people to see it is a intresting game on the hardest difficulty and that doesnt even last long since that is the only difficulty i played on i can imagine that other 2 easier difficulties you will have everything built and a population of over 300 in less then a hour its not a hard game its a easy time waster that gets really boring really fast once you build your castle up you have max everything where you are just building to keep everything it gets boring and a tedious drag after just a hour.
,Recommended,569480,34296330,Posted: 16 August,all,Ze_Wolf_O_Canada,-Starts a Hamlet called New Canada-Slowly figuring out the game-Still a hamlet when a dragon arrived-No defence against dragon and very scared-Dragon flys around a bit-Dragon leaves without hurting New Canada-Even dragons are friends with Canada11/10 Would create true image of Canada again
,Recommended,569480,33697259,Posted: 21 July,all,keayjamie,"been waiting for this game for a long time, it does not dissapoint, there are a few bugs and annoyances but it has only been out for two days and has had no patches so it wouldn't be right  to complain about that also they're fairly small. Personally, I would like to have both a creative mode to make a nice kingdom straight away and an option to play as a species that isn't human, such as orcs and ogres and such."
,Recommended,569480,33694858,Posted: 21 July,all,Captain Plusher,"I have bought this game on a whim and played it straight for a couple of hours. At first I thought it`s just a better looking Banished, but playing it proved really enjoyable. I just want a multiplayer version of this ASAP. It's fun, it's smart and it has a feel-good vibe altogether. The UI could use a little work, the chouce of having the resources AND the building options at the bottom is a little too crowded, especially if you are considering scaling up the building options; nevertheless, a great experience."
76561197980056721,Not Recommended,569480,34047251,Posted: 5 August,all,pinkandbroken,"Its not worth the price. The content lasts for about 2 hours until you saw everything. It was a great game, but it feels more like early access game. Hopefully they add content."
,Not Recommended,569480,34827098,Posted: 8 September,all,starlightmiss,"I'll start out by saying I don't hate this game. It's ok. I guess it was worth the try for 10 bucks. It has a not of potential. Hopefully they add something in the future, since this is pretty new. But to the reviewers who said ""this game has no depth"", I think you meant ""there literally is no content here"".If it helps you visualize the disturbing ""lack of depth"", this game has 39 total things you can build or place in the world. At least 3 of these items are basically useless. A bunch of the pieces of the landscape which could be mining nodes are ""unusable rock"" which the game developers put there just to give you something to clear.There are no upgraded buildings or anything, so no improvement. Just constantly growing a severely unstable population. There is no moderation in this game. You can build one extra farm because villagers are starving, and end up wasting a bunch of food because you suddenly have way too much.If you are a pyromaniac, however, I would suggest this game. There's literally a fire every 30 seconds, and nothing to do except watch your villagers try (and usually fail, even when it's raining hard enough to drown your farms) to put it out so that you have to build things all over again.Oh, and I forgot. Maybe I'm missing something, but putting up buildings seems to take double the materials it should. The materials you have on hand at the bottom of the screen are lowered by the expected number when you place a building, and while building it the villagers will wait for additional materials if that same amount isn't still on hand. The most aggrivating thing was that I had a storage building burn down with a bunch of materials in it (for example, 89 stone). Instead of the game just erasing the materials that were stored in it, it put me in the negatives of that same amount. (So I was at -89 stone that I somehow had to make up for instead of just starting at square one).. wtf? That was my last straw with this game."
76561198007324150,Not Recommended,569480,33726406,Posted: 22 July,all,ap3741,"Kingdom and Castles is a very simplistic and bare-bones city builder.  It is basically Anno 1704 (it even has the exact same buildings) except with:- much less building types- no trading- no resource management (rocks, iron mines are infinite)- extremely watered-down supply chain with only 1 tier of refining (ie iron -> tools, and that's it)- only 1 food type, no luxury goods required to satisfy housing upgradeThe game attempts to differentiate itself with combat, however even that is poorly implemented with basically a glorified tower defense with only 1 wave of attack.The store page says much more content are being developed; when released I might change my view, but as it currently stands this game is not recommended and you should instead get classics like Pharoah or Anno."
,Not Recommended,569480,33713111,Posted: 21 July,all,bros - Bartleby,"I played it for a while, I can't get away from the impression that it's a lesser banished.Sure, the threat is different: Winter in one game and Dragons/Vikings in the other.Still, for what matters most of the time, the interface is annoying, offers no shortcuts, could have loads of quality of life fine tuning.As far as the town management goes, you have buildings with workers, but no way to send a specific amount of workers there: It's open or closed. No way to keep some amount of workers as builders, so eventually nothing gets done. Unless you close individually every building you make. But you have to remember to do it after it's finished, because they did not bother to make the checkbox availaible earlier.Ect,ect. Small frustrations in a neat idea, but for me when you do some of those actions hundreds of times, it adds up. The gameplay does not feel right, and this game seems overrated at the moment.Edit: Also, it seems to be your town growing that triggers the attacks on it. This feels bad: You can't try to make a better build and get more ahead oh the attacks: No matter what you do, as soon as you let your village grow beyond X, Y ennemy attacks. So the only way to be more prepare is some kind of grinding where you keep your population low enough not to have the bigger treats while you very slowly (not a lot of workers) improve your infrastructure.Another example of small frustration: You have to select every single square you want to chop, and then hit some small button to chop it. Would it be so hard to have a selection tool to chop a zone, or a square in a single click ?And it goes on...."
,Not Recommended,569480,34156499,Posted: 10 August,all,Master Shake,"The first few times you play this game you will have a good time. After about 3 hours however, the game starts to become trivial. The complexity of building tech is minimal, meaning it's not tricky or engaging to figure out where/what you need to build. Secondly, and probable more importantly, is the lack of any real danger. Even on the hardest difficulty, the dragons and vikings are never a serious threat. They do damage and then leave you alone after a set time.If you know what you're doing,  ""beating"" the game isn't a challange."
76561198140424947,Not Recommended,569480,33701706,Posted: 21 July,all,SHAPOW,"Game is fun for the first 2-3 hours, but after those hours theres nothing else to do but try to surive getting raided every 30 seconds, I am going to wait for future updates then i'll change my review"
76561198006527867,Not Recommended,569480,33704468,Posted: 21 July,all,Stand_and_Bang,"I wish there was a ~Meh~ option (instead of up and down vote) this game is really on the fence for me, but if a gun was to my head i gotta go down voteGonna keep it shortPros~Cheap~Good ideaCons~extremely small maps~very limited buildings~very short amount of playability (in less than an hour my map was clear of all trees)~edit~ there IS a forrester which adds trees, my point was more about how quick a map can be emptied of a major resource~end edit~~WAY too easy even on the hardest difficultyIf i could talk directly to the shot callers @Lionshield i would tell them~ Harder difficulties~ Bigger maps~ Bigger map pool (theres only like 6-7 maps and only 1-2 that will last even an hour- the rest are outright too small)~ More buildings (it's a great start but it's more seedling than full grown tree)To sum this up, it's a great game while it last- BUT it just outright doesn't last, and due to the small maps, small map pool, and small building pool the replayability is NONexsistent"
,Recommended,569480,33797677,Posted: 25 July,all,✪ Greeny.exe,"Do i recommend it? HELL YEAH! 10€ for fun and building game? HELL YEAH! Very simple and casual, just need few more updates in there; like more houses and that kind of a stuff. Overall 9/10 missing a little bit of content but its amazing if u want to chill and have fun!"
76561198101226670,Recommended,569480,33723901,Posted: 22 July,all,Ainsley Harriot,"What i expected:a fun, casual, sim city kind of building simulatorWhat i got:The most addicting city builder i have ever playedBuy it while it is still 10 bucks. seriously10/10 would watch citizens die of starvation again"
,Not Recommended,569480,34267366,Posted: 15 August,all,Ewoksson,"The game quickly becomes boring since defeat is basically impossible and there's nothing more to do once you've built the ultimate city. The game has no lore or story, nor any quests to complete. Once in a while the city will get attacked by either vikings or dragons, but they'll either ruin a few building and leave after a while or get defeated by your towers and armies."
76561198064899691,Not Recommended,569480,34429775,Posted: 22 August,all,ultrasquirl,"Meh, it's ok.The AI is pretty good. Visually it' very beutiful.But after a few hours you've done it all.I wouldn't recommend it unless you're VERY into city builders."
76561198025407624,Not Recommended,569480,34449000,Posted: 23 August,all,Drifter,There is a point in this game where you realize there is not a lot of ways to control your outcome. Every time I start a new game it feels like the outcome is random. I have even read that some of the frustrating aspects were bugs in the game that you need to work around. Which just sucks. You can have a city that is working 100% then all of a sudden it takes a down turn from nothing you do just npc's decide to stop working. The devs need to iron out all the bugs.
76561197993563199,Recommended,569480,34428037,Posted: 22 August,all,Bedsheets,Great little game as it is.  Hoping to see it grow into even more
76561197995211758,Recommended,569480,34388292,Posted: 20 August,all,Viking_Fish,"I got a solid 10 hours out of this game, but it needs more content to give me a reason to come back to it. I reccomend it, but it is short."
76561198141096463,Not Recommended,569480,34450010,Posted: 23 August,all,MelonBomb,I would buy this game if they had alot more content too it but I have play 88 mins of this game and already feel like I beaten the game. Yes I know its only 10 bucks but for about 2 or 3 hours of gameplay and the samething over and over again I got bored fast. If they add more content and stop working on twitch functionality and work more on the games content then I'll buy it again.
76561198149231726,Not Recommended,569480,34488157,Posted: 25 August,all,funtown,"Honestly, it's a really nice game, and only $10. However, I have played for a little over 10 hours and I feel like there is nothing else to do. I get that it's only a $10 game but it could be so much better without too much effort. I have literally surrounded my whole island and I'm at about 1200 peasants. Vikings have nowhere to land because I have surrounded my island with castle blocks. I feel like this should be patched because it kind of ruins the point of the game. Since there is pretty much nothing else to do, the game feels repetitive. Dragon attacks, it stands no chance to my defenses. Vikings just circle the whole island until they die. Famines don't kill too many people. I kind of wish you could upgrade buildings, to make them better. A really annoying thing too is how many things use gold. I have about 7000 gold always because I earn 350 every year. There's nothing to use the excess on.Bottom line: If you are bored and just need a building game that will last you a little while then this is perfect. If you want to play the game for more than 10 hours then maybe wait for another patch that adds more content. As of now, I can't recommend this game the way it is unless it's for a child.Also, I'm not sure why this game is so graphically demanding. I'm running an overclocked 1070 with a 7700k and since I have my island completely filled, I get avg 45 fps @ 1080p. It was fine until I hit the 1000 peasants mark."
,Recommended,569480,34475605,Posted: 25 August,all,SickPuppy,Good game
,Recommended,569480,34493324,Posted: 25 August,all,Rawb,"It's great fun, at first, but it's very thin in gameplay and as a result replayability is limited. Waringly recommend.It looks great and is a very casual builder at first, but soon its frustrating with the lack of space and lack of progress that can be made after rather early on in the game.If you're looking for something to kill some time on a quiet sunday afternoon, you can get some play out of this. Other than that, it isn't going to do much for you. It's a great play, but the reliance on food and food on soil fertility (which is a fixed amount of squares at the beginning of the game) becomes frustrating to watch, the way the AI deals with fire becomes frustrating to see in your big buildings, the way that combat is managed is frustrating to do, and watching five ogres come and destroy your walls is frustrating.Quiet evening in and a 'chilled out' game, perfect? Continued play? Not quite. Regardless, I still enjoyed the game and at the price tag, I'm happy with what it provided me, plus the promise of updated content. The game does, however, feel unfinished?"
,Recommended,569480,34460408,Posted: 24 August,all,Crumbyisland043,"Hoping for more features like multiplayer, more technologies, more jobs, larger houses, and larger maps that can help with farming that have a larger land to water ratio."
,Recommended,569480,34508110,Posted: 26 August,all,RUSKAPIČKA,Please work on this game it has huge potential i hope u give us some campaign or more strategies and ways to play this game. I definitely recommend this game to any city builders but for now add it to wishlist and see if they are going to work on it. It is their first game so maybe they will.
,Recommended,569480,34285898,Posted: 16 August,all,SkidCentral,"2 hours in and this game is great so far. A little discouraged by other negative reviews, but this is a good game to relax and vege out on. Def reccomend"
,Recommended,569480,34363068,Posted: 19 August,all,ZobarStyl,Please make more of this or something like this so I can give you more money.
76561198105334064,Recommended,569480,34355095,Posted: 19 August,all,KOBI,Good Strategy game. Build your kingdoms and rule them with love
,Not Recommended,569480,33809681,Posted: 26 July,all,SJae,"Currently I can only speak for the peaceful mode. I havent gone too far in the other modes with mobs. I am on year 680+ and with 20 blocks of homes I need more space or land to expand. There is a limit to how much you can build in this world. I have 4000 residents and that is around max without sacrificing food supply, resources, etc. Check my screenshots in my profile if you wanna see my world. Also around hitting 2000 residents I have alot of lag. From 200 fps starting out to 5-20 fps late game with all the buildings,residents. In the beginning I was able to keep it maxed graphics settings @ 1080p but after turning everything off I cant get above 20 fps. I turned it down to 720p and it didnt help much. 20 fps still after building more.What this game needs:-Bigger map and limit or infinite world.-Better optimizations-Maybe upgrades such as stone roads that can have further range or bigger well also increasing range. I have a well every 8 spaces.-My people die even with a surplus of food and granary every 2 blocks or less. So maybe fix that-BUG Theres this one area in my world where i cant build anything except roads. It says that there is no roads nearby by there is one right next to it when im trying to build more manors to finish the block. Its on a pier with roads next to it. I can put manors on the edge but not the middle of the block.What I like:-Its just a fun side game for when I get tilted off of CSGO.-Strategy even in the peaceful mode. You have to manage your space well  but also make it look nice.EDIT: MY SAVE GOT DELETED AND NOW I HATE THIS GAME. I DONT KNOW WHY IT GOT DELETE :("
76561198096319359,Recommended,569480,34239599,Posted: 14 August,all,FriedrichII,"This is a very promising game and a good buy, especially for only ten dollars. It is simpler and easier than a game like Banished, which I find to be very similar, but I think that even in its current state it is better bc castles and viking invasions. It seems like the devs care about improving the game and I hope to see further improvements to make it more sophisticated like Banishedand add multiplayer and the ability to make/use ships and soldiers to invade and plunder other settlements (maybe even create a whole map to invade etc) and add trade."
76561198205401840,Recommended,569480,34242823,Posted: 14 August,all,AnimeIsGay,"I LOVE this game, great design, replayable, (for me) and fun. There are a few bugs like armies doing 0 damage to ogres and armies being deleted randomly and ogres are stupidly overpowered but other than that a good casual city builder and its worth it."
,Recommended,569480,34248149,Posted: 14 August,all,Indie,"Cool little empire building sim. Would be great if there was a campaign or something, early days though."
,Recommended,569480,34244917,Posted: 14 August,all,Mrcheekymonkey1996,"I love it, I need a bigger map though! other than t hat, great game! No regrets buying it."
,Recommended,569480,34602875,Posted: 30 August,all,[Nyan] SpacemarineCat,"I am pretty happy with the game but it needs more work done to it. It's pretty good for the price and I like how it is but it's kinda buggy and the AI is a bit wonky when it comes to combat.Downsides:- Wonky AI (Knights and guards can't be forced to attack a unit it has to be in the vacinity, no way of prioritizing task)-Laggy (After 5 hours and half the map covered it starts to lag terribly at around 600 units and 7 vikings + dragons)-Kinda short ( There's not alot of things to do but for it's price that's ok)-Balance is kinda off (It is extremely easy in the beginning but towards the mid it gets a bit too intense as if it isn't scaling with my progress when things attack)It's a good time waster, extremely easy to play and manage. Very good for people who aren't good with Management games or find RTS games too challenging most of the time. You have the option of making it really easy or slightly hard. Really it's an ok game, but don't expect very much from it."
,Recommended,569480,34756743,Posted: 5 September,all,大麻男仔,City Skylines for noobs. Perfect for me :D
76561197974295906,Recommended,569480,34645628,Posted: 31 August,all,Oni Link,"This is a tough one, because the game is actually alot of fun, i like the art style, and found my self playing in to the early hours of the morning when I first played it. then when I played it a second time I found it kinda dull, there isnt enough late game to it, and once you've got a great city with high happiness there dosnt seem much point in going back to it. Hopefully with good updates it will be worth a revisit."
76561198056257865,Recommended,569480,34673313,Posted: 1 September,all,squeeman,pretty neat
76561198414418864,Recommended,569480,34662712,Posted: 1 September,all,UnicornSeed69,very good and fun but needs new content
76561198065513903,Recommended,569480,34501105,Posted: 26 August,all,Aardbei,"Don't want to make a comparison, but if you liked the older Stronghold, Ceasar and Settler games, I'm sure you'll enjoy this one too.Great game for it's price, it looks nice and plays well. But don't expect $60 of content or depth, obviously."
76561198123517194,Recommended,569480,34821852,Posted: 8 September,all,Neomessiah,"This is a hard one to judge, as a city builder its basic and certainly not up to stronghold level of depth or fun however the graphics are good, the music is good and for the price its not bad.  If you want a easy to play time killer sure i'd say give it a go. If your big into strategy games then probebly this is too basic for your tastes unless you want something to kill a hour or two when better games seem to much a strain on the brain."
76561198281501044,Recommended,569480,34804431,Posted: 7 September,all,Presidentpeter9,Love the game but i think it could use more content. Is really good for $10 and can't wait for docks to come out.
,Recommended,569480,34899270,Posted: 12 September,all,The Real HecticHabib,"This is all opinion based, Don't read the reviews that say it only lasts five hours or gets boring quickly because for them that might be the case. For me I love city builders and I poured a good amount of time into bloody kingdom of keflings on 360 let alone this game so for $10 id say this game is amazing."
,Recommended,569480,35049150,Posted: 18 September,all,Dobby,Love it. Extremely fun and different from other games I have played. Really enjoy it so far and can't wait to see what this game becomes with a couple  more updates.
76561198371478067,Recommended,569480,35054852,Posted: 18 September,all,CaptainDaddy,"I love this game! I was skeptical about buying it but I'm glad that I did. It seems like a mindless clicker game but I was wrong. This game will keep you busy will constant things to do. When I was getting close to ""the end"" of the kingdom I was working on I didn't think I'd play another but then the update got released and sure enough I started up another kingdom. Very fun game and the most recent update was really good. I can't wait for more in the future."
,Recommended,569480,35057588,Posted: 18 September,all,Pvtoneill,"Really fun game, wish there was more game play though. Multiplayer would be dope!"
76561198041795391,Recommended,569480,35092987,Posted: 20 September,all,Rejected Spawn,"I can't believe it's not better!Feels like meeting the unholy child of Banished and some crappy flash based tower defense from an unpopular website. Uglier-than-Minecraft graphics? Check. So thin you could see all there is to this game in a handful hours? That too. Somehow it still managed to make me a masochist that keeps trying to stand up to those damn vikings, just you wait little viking next time I'll not let you kidnap a single hopblob...Great way to kill a few hours if your wallet isn't in a sad state, there also seems to be a bit more coming in a patch soon. If you expect some sort of great game that will be fun for a hundred hours and the price tag is equal to a week worth of your daily meals, you'd better run for the hills instead."
,Recommended,569480,35086567,Posted: 20 September,all,RetroSteveUK,"A few reviews I've read have said that there's only about 6 hours of gameplay before boredom sets in. This has not been my experience. This is a sim-city type game (albeit a simplified version, which I like) that lets you noodle around, building up your medieval town as you go.I've had great fun playing and replaying the game, each time starting from scratch and trying out different building strategies. Each playthrough is also somewhat affected by the randomly seeded locations, so that provides some variation and replay value too.I'd also like to point out that the game can be played in peaceful mode too, which takes out the dragon attacks & Viking raids, etc..  There is still some danger from fires and storms, but the balance is just right. So far I have only played in peaceful mode and I've yet to try out the two harder game modes.For £6.99p, this is great value for money. If it were a full price title, it would be lacking. For a title that provides hours of fun noodling and tinkering with the satisfaction of seeing your creations thrive and grow, the price is spot on!Note to devs: One thing I would update is the laying of roads. Rather than requiring an individual click on each road panel, it would be nice to click and drag to draw the roads. Certainly not a deal-breaker though. Great little game! :)"
76561198030334937,Recommended,569480,35091969,Posted: 20 September,all,Robert,"I usually dont wright reviews but after seeing some of the top reviews i felt like i had to. Most reviews only rate this game on what it it now and not the potential it has. As of now this game could give you about 10 hours of fun untill it gets alittle boring. However the game has a ton of potential and with the devs bringing out updates regularly i would highly recommend buying this game or save up some money to purchase it after more updates are rolled out in the future. Personally i would love to see rival civilizations and possibly a multiplayer mode, and of corse more buildings. Hope my review can get you to buy this awesome game!"
76561198069062871,Recommended,569480,34832795,Posted: 9 September,all,Tedzar26,"I have played for hours and it has its moments when all your hard works are destroyed by Stupid Vikings!!!HFFFffttttt!!The game has taught me to better planner and prepare for the worst.The game is good enough, will i recommend this? Sure !!. Go get itTips for new kings out there:1. build 4 farms near your castle as soon as you start.2. Chop all the nearest tree and build forestry and coal don't forget build stockpile the stockpile ASAP.3.find Stone mine and stockpile4.build some houses and give them access to well, food and coa from stockpilel and make sure to build the neighbor house5.if you have access to treasury make sure to tax them 1 gold Just 1 GOLD!!!!! it will grow over time6. Build 1 high tower of archer or catapult as high as you can in the middle of you city. first viking invasion isn't the worst and you will have time to rebuild the better defense after that7.make sure food and coal are available as your city grow they tend to consume lots of coal and food and build libraries.8.Protect your stockpile and granaries!!9.don't rush to build the church barracks!!! take your time to build some walls they are better for than barracks.10. as your city grows build market so citizens can have food, tools, and coal.Well that's all I can share i have been through some hell to understand the system and after that extreme difficulty just feels normal for me. i hope this helps"
76561197993672933,Recommended,569480,34987269,Posted: 15 September,all,Nogaxeh,"I am going to give this a hesitant thumbs up.It's a very nicely detailed little city sim. Yet still feels like early access. There isn't much depth or challenge for that matter once your city becomes established. With that said however, I write this as the infrastructure update hits. This fills me with hope that the developer will keep adding things to this game.I feel that with more content it will secure it's place as one of the most solid little kingdom builders around.I will check back in the future and adjust this review and my rating for it accordingly to future (or lack thereof) updates."
,Recommended,569480,34945056,Posted: 14 September,all,Zimbo_Gamer,Kingdoms and Castles is a good game for the price. Although it could use more buildings e.g. Food production. Here's a review video:https://youtu.be/q6CparoJVHk
76561197974956799,Recommended,569480,35009560,Posted: 16 September,all,Orthane,"This game is fun but it peters out pretty quickly once you have maxed out all of your buildings. The fact that there isn't any research or a real way to build or control armies does not help either. The gameplay is solid however, and I keep finding the need to make my little pixel peoples lives better by protecting them from vikings and giving them all the creature comforts allowed them in the game. I will recomend this game but it still needs more, realizing it is still in alpha gives me hope for this."
,Recommended,569480,35003072,Posted: 16 September,all,domus877,"Full ReviewhereTLDRKingdoms and Castles is a great game for about 3 hours.It shines in it's aesthetic and art design. The loop is mundane, but trance-inducing, as you micromanage resource collection, city planning, and kingdom happiness levels. The enemies even offer some extra tension, in an attempt to throw your plan awry.But it all feels quite one dimensional. Surface level. Once a city becomes large enough, it becomes self sufficient, lessening the need for player interaction. This is not Cities Skyline, or any other city builder in terms of complexity. There are mechanics that scream for more depth to allow for deeper decision making and preplanning. Even the enemies, initially frightening, become hardly an issue during late game.The roadmap doesn't help. This game needs more depth, it needs deeper levels of gameplay. Building upgrade systems, allow the player to manage the worker queue, give us something that makes us think harder about how we create our kingdom. I recommend this game, but with the caveat thatyou get what you pay for. Better to wait for the steam sale."
,Recommended,569480,34986960,Posted: 15 September,all,Eolchb,"Great city builder with a fast pace gameplay, It won't make you sleepy at all but when I increase speed of gameplay, somehow I feel it's boring and ruined everything because you won't have anything to do as soon as your city is filled everywhere in Island due to lack of variety of structures and a map kinda too small. But I am sure believe they still got this game back and continue update"
76561198061834077,Recommended,569480,35040843,Posted: 18 September,all,Good Guy Killer,Affter putting 40+ hours into this game i must say the mao becomes small i need more room to biuld also would love to invade some ppl that would make it alot better this game is a good buy its nice to play to relax affter a game of lol keep up your work with the up dates
,Recommended,569480,34927011,Posted: 13 September,all,[DZTG] SugaCookie,"It's really nice little game, but it seems like adding features takes awhile... Gets boring after about 10+ not much left to do but to grow the town just for the sake of it."
,Not Recommended,569480,34927027,Posted: 13 September,all,John Madden,"It took me just 2 hours to see everything game can show you right now, and there's basically not much to do there anymore at the moment."
76561198014834432,Not Recommended,569480,34523999,Posted: 27 August,all,Jon[INTHERE]arific,"tl;dr 1: you have to manually put your units on the same tiles as enemies. 2: have to manually click to gather wood/clear trees for space early game, hope you don't have any kind of RSI. 3: when late game invaders start to pillage the♥♥♥♥♥♥of you, more manually clicking each tile with two clicks before you can rebuild. 4: game is pretty good aside from those three complaints, may get tired after 5-15 hrs. it's being updated still, hopefully the devs listen and focus on features rather then twitch/vr integration.It's pretty amazing for the first few hours, but eventually you can cover the entire map with stuff and not be able to do anything else; I don't mind this flaw, for the price it's just fine imo. What I really find obnoxious is the inability to control your units to attack enemy invaders that happen later, you literally have to manually select your unit and move it on top of the cell the (moving btw) enemy is traveling onYou will lose some buildings which is acceptable, but I really, really ♥♥♥♥ing hate having to click each tile, then click to demolish rubble, then click to rebuild. Fun fact, you have to click each tile individually that was damaged.  The ""rebuild stuff"" building doesn't seem to work to do anything (at least fast enough in larger towns.)There's a similar problem with trying to remove forests, there is no tool like in rimworld to cut plants, you have to click the forest then click chop. This tedium really wears thin in the early game when forests need to be cleared manually for both space and any time you want resources, imagine if any other game did this - city builder or RTS, you had to manually click ""mine minerals"" in starcraft, it's a joke and forces you to rush the automated tree harvesting building. In the late game when invaders are always going to end up destroying your buildings you'll really enjoy having to click each tile twice before you can rebuild anything too. I still want to recommend this game, but I found mself quitting a kingdom after 2-3 hrs because I got tired of rebuilding♥♥♥♥♥♥ I enjoyed most of my time, I just hate games that make you tediously click♥♥♥♥♥♥because there isn't a good UI."
12343435643234532,Not Recommended,569480,35184280,Posted: 24 September,all,Jarynn,"I was torn on how to rate this game. It is fun and can eat a lot of hours, if my gameplay stats are any indication... But its limited. Build a giant castle and fill the island with the handful of buildings at your disposal and... Congrats. You've experienced everything the game has to offer.The AI for your workers is braindead. You will watch your workers dance in the middle of the field rather than disperse and put food in granaries. You'll also see them run up and give viking raiders hugs, leaving the safety of your castle to do so.The artstyle is okay. I am not fond of the pixely graphics, but this game is relatively inoffensive.Perhaps with some more content updates I can more confidently recommend this game, but right now I am mixed. If I could, I would give it a neutral, but thats not an option."
,Recommended,569480,35096907,Posted: 20 September,all,DamienJax,"This game is crack for those who like to make order out of chaos. The learning curve isn't too bad, the voxel graphics are neat and the game runs pretty well. The game could use more features which I hope come with further patches."
76561198267791186,Recommended,569480,35144905,Posted: 22 September,all,michael.doerneman,Worth the 10 dollars I paid for it for sure;  I spend the same at Chipotle and only get 20 min of satisfaction there;  Although it's true that the game lacks depth.  But in the few weeks its been out quite a bit has been added if the developers keep this up;  It's totally worth it;  I'd actually like to continue buying add on content.  I've found the game relaxing and fun.  Although more types of dragons would be awesome; and the late game i kinda wish I had a tower full of wizards to blast the shart outta those stupid vikings because they seriously get wayyyy over power powered at about year 100;  The game needs a mechanic where it helps you clean up the massive destruction that they cause;  because cleaning up rubble every 5 years after gets slightly off putting...   But i'm sure it's on its way;
,Recommended,569480,34233602,Posted: 14 August,all,ahstanin,"Fun to play but many bugs and less game play. All fun was over within 10 hours. Hopefully they will add more adventures like building ships, exploring new places... I don't know.Still recommending for the short time fun."
76561198294392861,Recommended,569480,35477737,Posted: 4 October,all,missflowerss,"The only thing I really find myself wanting is the ability to upgrade a building without demolishing it and making people homeless.  In the future, technological advancements or transportation might be nice, but as it is it's fun and addictive and definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,569480,35457861,Posted: 3 October,all,Konnie,"It's a great game and I love this art style a lot! I have to agree that it gets quite boring when you easily takedown any raids and don't have much else to do from there, would be great to implement more things, though I'm not sure of myself really."
76561198372246684,Not Recommended,569480,35495714,Posted: 5 October,all,Beedy KH,"I liked it for few hours untill I finished every thing I could possibly do in the game.After that, the game is done, nothing new happens. I feel that it's overpriced for the time that you can play before  finnishing it.For this reason I Don't recommend buying this game!"
,Recommended,569480,34986789,Posted: 15 September,all,Ordudu,"I was debating on getting this or not. I had read some negative reviews and most of them said it was good but lacked content. They were right on the limited content, but it was absolutely phenomenal and I played this nonstop for a week straight. Plus they are actively updating this game and adding new content, which makes it about 10x better. I recommend the hell out of this game. It is a great game for a great price and you should definitely give it a try."
,Not Recommended,569480,34648801,Posted: 31 August,all,InfernoScourge,"A pretty fun game for about 2-3 hours. However you will only get a few hours of actual gameplay before restarting... Once you reach the 30-40 year mark you then get the same events every game.Vikings arrive > 70% of Buildings razed > All food gone > Citizens leave/die > No workforce to rebuild > Kingdom fallsRinse and repeat until you have an aneurysm.Or you can play the mode that doesnt have Vikings/Dragons and die of boredom.Oh and you better get used to fire since all you buildings will constantly burn down and your citizens will do everything in their power to ignore it.All in all, a pretty good game for frustration and cancer."
,Not Recommended,569480,34517153,Posted: 26 August,all,"Luke, God Emperor of Mankind","You can reach the end game in 30 minutes, and it has 0 replay value because you just do the same thing with buildings in slightly different places. All progress or setbacks are based on random events that say either ""You gain 1-5 people"" or ""You lose 30-50 people"" or ""You lose 2-6 people"". Needs a TON of work because it is very bare bones."
76561198005041670,Recommended,569480,34673341,Posted: 1 September,all,☫ Mohammed ☫,good gamebut very short
,Recommended,569480,35093716,Posted: 20 September,all,nightbg,Great building game.
,Recommended,569480,35095449,Posted: 20 September,all,CaptAbraham,Fricking Awesome cant wait for more content
76561197967546023,Recommended,569480,34859557,Posted: 10 September,all,Mattzilla,"I bought the game because of this guy.https://www.twitch.tv/zimzorzI am really enjoying this game.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new builder game.I agree with others that the depth is shallow, however this will be a game I will look forward to sticking to and learning about new content as it comes out!"
,Not Recommended,569480,34965494,Posted: 14 September,all,123,"It gets boring way too fast.The game looks nice, it's fun for a very short while then there's nothing to do. Unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,569480,34403013,Posted: 21 August,all,Wudini,Cute little city building game. Not much depth. Feels incomplete.
76561198087868702,Not Recommended,569480,34188281,Posted: 12 August,all,coconutpotatokiller,No point of playing this game. Just repetitive.
76561198123428997,Not Recommended,569480,34282234,Posted: 16 August,all,[AB] Lil Tire,"not enough depth, got bored fast and the game was finished in no longer than 4 hours max.i like the gameplay though, it's very easy to learn and relaxing to play."
76561198059892603,Recommended,569480,34319909,Posted: 17 August,all,Cavernman,"Kickass game, best in it's genre right now.Buuut.... Suffers from not enough content.::: NEEDS WORKSHOP SUPPORT :::"
76561198301613508,Recommended,569480,34250055,Posted: 14 August,all,Evan.Trafton,Really like it highly recommend
76561197987129851,Not Recommended,569480,34520140,Posted: 26 August,all,grimstrife,"The ogers really ruin the game for me. I dont mind the vikings but when they bring 6+ ogers with them it gets old fast. I dont want to spend that much time cleaning up after they have had their way. They destroy most things in one hit, take a massive beating, ignore troops who dont track enemies anyway. Its not hard just a really annoying and gets old very fast."
,Not Recommended,569480,34468238,Posted: 24 August,all,RyanTheDolphin,"Game is not finished, or at least doesnt feel like it. They need more buildings and more things to do, also we need a bigger map. Within two hours I find myself out of room. It just need more too it. But because it feels so unfinshed I can't recommend it right now..."
76561198006361974,Not Recommended,569480,34117781,Posted: 8 August,all,paul.42,"Cute Graphics, Nice Idea, didn't like the actual systems, no hotkeys or other RTS-like control methods or conventions. path finding and storage feels like it's incomplete. seems closer to an early access title. would buy at 75% off."
76561197983803185,Not Recommended,569480,34217548,Posted: 13 August,all,Sabre714,Lacks content and everyting seems to catch fire every two minutes
,Not Recommended,569480,34069413,Posted: 6 August,all,Dilophosaurus.,"I enjoyed this game for the time I played, but the time it took to do everything was too short. The game is basically a more casual, faster pased and mostly easier version of different City Builders, like Banished."
76561197977146636,Recommended,569480,33707011,Posted: 21 July,all,NemesisZidar,"= = = INITIAL IMPRESSION = = =Currently, the best word to describe this game is using the word ""solid"".Not good, not bad, not awesome and not horrible. Just solid.Its an ok game for the price.As it is, its an ok game i can recommend to those who thirst for build-up strategy games, as the genre isnt saturated by any means.If it was, i think the game would be overlooked and not stand out in any way.Doesnt even really have a unique aspect that sets itself apart.As the market is now, thats fine, as delivering what we already know is already more than we currently have.Searching for build-up strategy games, especially with combat as part of the gameplay, you have not many choices.= = = GAMEPLAY AND CONTENT = = =You will be busy for easily 10 hours.Thats a careful estimate, as you will probably play for longer to get everything out.But, considering that the game in each of its systems is only scratching the surface, it could easily be that you think you are done after 2 hours, or even 10 minutes.There is NO meta gameplay or overlaying system that could give a feeling of depth and purpose to be found.Meta gameplay examples: Diplomacy with factions, trading and relations with factions, a goal you globally work towards like a worldmap or campaign map, research or other abilities, local policies customizing your kingdom or a connection between all of your islands where you can share resources and the like (Sim City 4 style).Any of that could give the player a feeling of not only working in a micro level of gameplay, but a meso level connecting each small thing you achieve together with other aspects.As it is, you select a randomly generated map, but very limited as there are no different biomes, no mountains, rivers or hills.You then start building and take care of basic needs.The production lines are never ""complicated"", nor deep.Wood is directly ready to be used, no sawmill or similar. Stone aswell.The maximum complexity of a production chain will be getting wheat off a field and directly into the bakery to get bread. Mills are only giving a buff to surrounding fields (you get 15 food instead of 13).This wouldnt be a problem, since games like Northgard show that a game in the build-up genre dont need to be complicated and have large production lines to gain depth in gameplay.But Northgard, which i really recommend to each interested in a good build-up strategy game, achieves depth with connecting each system together and keeping you busy.I never feel this way in Kingdoms and Castles.The game consists of 3 modes, peaceful, giving you enough freedom to build how you want, easy, which is normal mode where you get attacked sometimes and so on and hard where you get attacked more often and winter is more harsh.No multiplayer, although it would benefit from it and thats an understatement.It has barely customization, you can name your city/kingdom, and choose a banner. Thats it.Even the rooftops of your buildings dont have chooseable colours, so they stay violett by default.Which is far from nice looking in my opinion.Maps are quite small, enemies consist of 3 types, number of different buildings is ok and i never felt it was too less, especially since buildings overlap graphically so each city looks unique even though you place the same buildings all the time (no different skins for regular buildings like houses).= = = TECHNICAL SIDE = = =The visual design does the job, no opinion from me as its up to personal taste and you can see, whether you like it, in the video or on screenshots.What i want to mention though, is that its visual presentation has nice details, such as clouds, giving the game a really nice touch.Clouds are visible from afar, but whenever you get with the camera at a point where they would block your vision, they fall apart in a nice looking effect.I think thats a really nice idea to give a immersive visual impression without creating gameplay problems.It still seems to have issues though.Playing on my PC with a GTX970 Stryx, FX8370e CPU and 8GB Ram i started with around 140-160 fps. Going on on the same map i then reached around 48fps, although i only had about 600 people in my city running around, and by far not built enough to justify such a drop (screenshot on my profile).I heard from others, and it seems achievements indicate that this is true, that they had around 2-3k people in their cities.Leaving the game alone for an hour with my stable running city (which i did when i was young with Simcity to see what happens), the game somehow managed to drop to 13 fps although nothing changed.Closing and restarting the game pushed it back up to 48-57 fps.Still a big drop considering i barely had any people, but it tells me that there is a problem on the technical side of the game.Also there will be bugs, for example people starved to death although they had a fully stocked up granary, bakery, corn fields and a market directly next to their houses.They somehow couldnt stock up their foodsupply.I suspect there is a pathfinding issue, as there is a somewhat similar issue regarding the harvest of fields.Placing a granary directly next to fields leads peasants to bring the harvested corn directly there to store it, as when winter comes all that is left on the field will disappear.That means they have to go about 3 times from field to the granary to bring all the corn there.Even though the granary is directly next to the fields, they never managed to get all the corn.Cant tell why.The advisor tells me to place the granary closer, which isnt possible, except maybe theres a way to build the granary OVER the fields (there is not).Apart from that the game runs fine, no crashes to report.= = = RESUMEÉ = = =A solid game, for all who are fans of the genre, get it.As the price is well set for what you get.Its by far not perfect, and far from awesome. But its also as far from being bad. Again, its solid.A good portion of building, in a relaxing way, no need to react fast.Just playing and doing what you want, building your little Kingdom and take care of everything.Difficulty felt hard enough, but variety is a big problem with the game, as enemies are too few, complexity is too low and depth isnt really in each system.It keeps you busy, for an unknown time.Maybe you will hit the 2 hour mark and be done with it, congrats you can refund then.Could also happen you will spend 10, 20 or even 40 hours with it.Depends on how deep you jump into it and how often the randomness can get you into replaying. Maybe theres this thing that gets you hooked.Or maybe its missing, keeping you from playing.= = = FINAL THOUGHT = = =That they take what they have here as a basis, and expand it A LOT.I even believe, that if they were to put a mode in where you play against an AI on your level (building a kingdom by itself and dealing with the same stuff as the player), or even have an Multiplayer mode where a player takes that role, it could be a must have for this price. Its like a really dumbed down Stronghold, where the Swine sends yet again 20 archers and 10 spearmen to run against your walls with over 300 crossbow soldiers waiting.Its fun enough, but soon you want to get into skirmish and challenge the AI and a friend, do a compstomp or whatever.As the basic gameplay loop will let you hit a wall where replayability is out the window.So i hope they fix that.= = = MY ADVISE = = =If you didnt already, head over and take a look at Northgard.It has a somewhat similar basis, but deeper systems, more unique experiences each game, enough randomness without being bad, a multiplayer and currently 4 clans to choose from, all with a different playstyle.All that while looking really good and being fun with new and fresh ideas.If you are into the genre, its def. a must-have.You have questions, feel free to ask."
76561198062530428,Recommended,569480,33725153,Posted: 22 July,all,LIT_AF_YEET,"This game is extremely addicting and extremely fun. I didn't expect much considering I don't normally play these types of games, but I needed something to help pass the time every now and then. I love it. I love that each and every little citizen has a name and something about them. The graphics are very clean and very nice as well. Best 10 bucks I ever spent."
,Recommended,569480,33758175,Posted: 23 July,all,Commander Jake Sulli,"This game is a few updates away from being a personal favourite. It's already very fun to play with it's current features, but I'd love to see:-Larger maps or infinitely generating worlds-Rather than losing from lack of happiness, losing when your keep is destroyed-Height map and land sculpting commands similar to the way the pier and moat work, to create cooler cities-Multiplayer or singleplayer skirmish, where you compete for resources and try to destroy each other's keeps-All four faces of the stone enabled, it hurts every time it tells me I can't-More buildings/features-Better Advice-Tougher walls, but longer raids"
,Recommended,569480,34028285,Posted: 4 August,all,TSU The 0chinchin-KUN,"I have strongly 23 hours in this game right now. I have reached the point where Vikings comes with 3 boats of giants and doesn't make to destroy the wall around the island. But I've seen the mechanics, studied them really closely and are pretty buggy sometimes. So the peasants doesn't get correctly their food and charcoal and this is a bit sad, even there's 3 markets almost full, they still cry about not having food and charcoal.Trust me, it's hard to manage a Kingdom of 1200+ peasants and try to not lower their happiness with taxes. So there I go, made 9 Treasuries and set them on 2 each one. Why? Well... You could make even 20 and set them on 1 and could be kinda the same thing, but managing your defence ain't a joke when you have outer wall around the whole land and inner wall around the castle and some facilities, plus a bit of houses.So my point is:-Improve the needs distribution mechanics;-Improve the relation peasant-taxes;-Add more features like selecting multiple structures/troups;-To be able to sell your materials for gold trough Merchants/Ports or to destroy;-Bigger lands (maps) or a new mod that allows you to have a bigger map for a bigger Kingdom;-New defensive structures and trops;e.g. trops: Archers, Shielders, Spearmene.g. structures: Rock Catapult, Fire Archers Tower, Tar Pot-Management of workplaces (who to work where);-Farming facilities that could improve the terrain fertility.This is what I could say about it. I pretty much enjoy the complex ""basicness"" of the game, but still needs more features.I am at the edge of the recommendation of this game, but the fact that is new gives me hope."
76561198209330223,Recommended,569480,33686581,Posted: 20 July,all,Sambo the M60 master,"After sinking 5 hours into the game immediatly after buying it, I can honestly say that this game has a insane amount of potential to become one of my favorites. With that said thoug the game so far does have is fair share of issues (though some of them are might just be my opinion)1. The game early on run's like a dream, but once you get above 150 peasants the game starts to stutter (Though I don't believe its a problem on my end seeing as my pc will run much more graphically intense games just fine) The stutter doesnt reach any unplayable state in any regard, but it does become really distracting close to 300 citizens2. The Viking attacks seem Overpowered (at least to me) in the sense that the archer towers arent accurate enough to consitently kill the smaller groups (especially later on when your forced to fight 6 or 7 at a time), and the ballista is only really useful when fighting the ogres or the dragons that'll pop up from time to time. Now the accuracy problem with archers can be solved with sheer numbers, but the amount of damage a single viking froup can do if they enter your city is ridiculous. The fires they start (instatly, might I add) can destroy massive parts of the city in mere seconds if you don't have enough peasants nearby to fight the flames. If there was a slight pause for the vikings at a building before it was set ablaze it would help not only give the archer towers a chance to kill them, but the vikings also wouldn't destroy massive swaths of city in one attack.3. I don't know if this is just me being the casual I am, but city gates don't seem to stop vikings at all. (Though this might be an issue of a peasant opening the gate as they try to get to another area)The issues I've noticed might all be symptoms of me being bad at games, so take my complaints with a grain of salt.This game is well worth the 10 bucks and I'd personally say thats its easily worth twice that, especially now that I've heard the dev's are planning on continuing to add free content on top of this already great, though kind of low on stuff as of now, city builder.With whats in the game now I easily give it a : 7.9/10"
,Recommended,569480,33736903,Posted: 22 July,all,Barnabas Von Dinkleberg,"Simple, butvery nice"
,Not Recommended,569480,33737795,Posted: 22 July,all,Commander Alonzo,"It's barebones at the moment. It's interesting, fun and alright overall, but it feels empty, as if you're just struggling a while getting resources and stuff until the dragon comes over to be a minor pest and the vikings come out of any possible angle JUST SWIMMING OVER A RIVER IN FULL ARMOUR LIKE ITS NOTHING. Yep, folks, burning bridges to attempt to stop an invasion does nothing, just slows the f*ckers down. So, parts where you THINK you'll be safe because ""Oh boy, there's a sea over there, no vikings could possibly cross there"".WRONG.I never ran into pathfinding issues, city management issues, storehouse issues nor AI issues (major ones at least), but my massive bug bear is the viking invasions. Specially when they just swim. ♥♥♥♥ whomever decided vikings could swim to you island. Seriously, does the dev want and expect all cities to be f*cking Mont Saint-Michel?They will swim to your island, ignore all of your defences (which do close to nothing btw) and burn down all of the houses and farms by sheer stupid RNG, forcing you to restart. Random events eventually becoming either just a nuisance, or an instant restart. That is an abysmal mechanic that needs either massive rework or removal.I really wanted to like this game, with towers and castles and town building, but its so disconnected from logic and proper game design I eventually said f*ck this game. It needs work. A lot, in fact."
76561198219636464,Recommended,569480,33807297,Posted: 26 July,all,beerballs17,"This is an amazing game, it's a brilliant city builder that can be challenging but isn't tedious like others. On top of that it has a charming art style and a beautiful sound track."
76561198150871404,Recommended,569480,33885919,Posted: 29 July,all,Communists Buy Supreme,"A lovely indie game, with a great art style, hours of fun gameplay and a great price. This game can become hard at first though, until you know what you are doing, build up those defences and a wall early. Overall a great indie game worth picking up."
76561198019721864,Recommended,569480,33889615,Posted: 29 July,all,Hollow_Knight,"A charming, lightweight little simulation that, whatever else you might say about it, is 100% worth it for only £6.99.The game is much simpler than a lot of 'simulation' genre games, but there's still plenty to keep you occupied and while having a functioning city is easy enough, having everything run smoothly is remarkably tricky.  Hardcore fans of sim games  may have issues with the lack of efficiency indicators and macro-management tools, but in truth the game isn't really going for that.In my opinion, the beautiful little minecraft-esque towns you'll create are worth the price-tag all on their own, and defending your voxeloid people involves enough gameplay to keep you interested."
76561197963886011,Not Recommended,569480,33720967,Posted: 22 July,all,Madsloth,Not much depth or new gameplay elements compared with similar strategy/builder games.
76561198010606757,Not Recommended,569480,33839375,Posted: 27 July,all,NeuroFuzzy,"It is really an early access game or a tech demo! It's pretty, and it's impressive that it scales up from 30 citizens to thousands, but it feels like a bunch of mechanics strapped together with no thought given to gameplay!"
,Recommended,569480,33853432,Posted: 28 July,all,ArchDrone,Its awesome. And its $10. Just try it.
76561198011597778,Recommended,569480,33888791,Posted: 29 July,all,Noosebrother,"played this on easy, the peasants don't need dragons and viking raiders they burn the town down just fine all by themselves. i mean, how the hell does a soggy farmpatch burn anyway?"
,Recommended,569480,33940386,Posted: 31 July,all,Grawderu,"Gotta say, for a town sim that is simple and doesn't have as much depth as the many others around, this one is a lot more fun sometimes. When you need a casual game but still want something that makes you plan, this game will give you that. Just open it up and play on normal difficulty. The raids are so dangerious in the early game that you have to start over, and the resources are not grind level hard, but you still have to plan out for the future if you want to do great at the end. So far, enjoying the purchase for when I get tired of other games that kick my♥♥♥♥♥on off days, but still don't want an easy quick win."
,Recommended,569480,33942184,Posted: 31 July,all,The Kaiser,"As a loyal fan to the genre, I've played many a City-Building game. This game doesn't bring anything particularly new to the table (this game is very ""Banished-esque""), but what it does bring is a flair that you can't find in any similar game. It has a wonderful color palette, and doesn't give this boding Doomsday appearence when you're in trouble. It's fairly light in structured content and storyline, and more features need to (and are supposed to) be added to make this game unique, but overall it's a wonderful game!You will like this game if:You enjoy CityBuilding, Economy, or any game variant there of.You've played Banished, Dwarf Fortress, Gnormoria, Stonehearth, SimCity, etcYou will hate this game if:You need constant actionYou feel like unless you are visibly making progress in the game, you're failing.Hope that kind of gives the appropriate vibe and expectation. I personally love this game, and it's pretty light on the pocket. In that regard, it's punching above its weight. Cheers guys!"
,Not Recommended,569480,34104090,Posted: 8 August,all,Chashmodai,"A lot of things needs to be improved. Lots of time sinks that shouldn't be there.It should be way easier to demolish buildings and road. Removing a small section of your town takes several minutes instead of the seconds it should.Cutting down wood is too tedious. Every single tree has to be selected individually and then, by pushing a button on the popup window, selected to be cut down.Placing road taskes too much time. You have to put down each section of road one by one, instead of dragging a line of road like in most games.Walls are also placed one tile by one. And considering you add height to the wall by placing several wall ""blocks"" on top of eachother, it easily amounts to a lot of clicking. Dragging a line of wall would be much simpler and faster.Building rotation reset after putting one down. If you want a row of buildings facing the same way, you have to rotate them all after each other.Other than that, it's a decent game. Not much content at the moment, though."
,Recommended,569480,33700341,Posted: 21 July,all,Kazmera,"This game is insanely fun and addicting for $10. However once you get a good start and get ahead, it quickly becomes boring as you can max out your entire island in a matter of a few hours."
76561198081372371,Recommended,569480,33755232,Posted: 23 July,all,AlmostJapan,"Such an amazing game. Have been wanting such a simple, fun, attractive simulation/strategy game to come out for a long time. Other games like 'Banished' don't come close to this. Addictive and it always keeps you on your toes (look out for fires). Would highly suggest to ANYONE that loves video games."
,Not Recommended,569480,34067157,Posted: 6 August,all,Abaddon,"Bought the game thinking it would be a good fun little strategy game and base builder.  The basics are great; build your castle; build farms, houses etc - you know the usual stuff - which is great for the first few hours....until you've built everything.  After that; it's really just a case of refining your layout and that's it - doesn't matter how oftren you're attacked etc - if your layout is right; there's nothing else to do.I got aout 5 hours of decent fun out of the game and now it's just same old same old.The combat is prety lame with the soldiers you can recruit; they won't attack unless you get them right next to the enemy and they won't give chase.  Too easy to combat hunger / despair - not enough offensive weaponary (two items) and the only defence things really are castle walls - which if you build high enough; will have range over the entire (tiny) map.I'll maybe revisit this in 6 months when some siginificant updates have happened."
76561198036177773,Recommended,569480,34985199,Posted: 15 September,all,USS Burnt,For $10 you can't pass this game up. If your a hardcore stategy game player this is a gem in the rough. The reviews that say its reptitive are not playing the game correctly. It gets repettive if your short sited and just build everything quickly with no formula for structure. Learn why things need to be built near each other and how to improve them overtime. The map they give you is quite large and you need to plan ahead becasue of many obsticles. Like I said you won't find a better game for $10 and its well worth more than that. Treat yourself to something that will teach you time and human resource managment while you have fun. You will eventaully get to the point where you set goals and achieve them with your knowledge of the game. 10/10 and they are adding more! SO MUCH POTENTIAL!
76561197985061083,Recommended,569480,33754842,Posted: 23 July,all,Splinter,"Great game, cool mix of mechanics. Still incomplete: run into ""can`t build bug""Still -- it is fun. Looking forward for updates."
,Recommended,569480,33840855,Posted: 27 July,all,Chicken,I cant stop playing
76561198121400824,Recommended,569480,33680011,Posted: 20 July,all,Unknown Entity,"I found this game to be great fun as it has various aspects of your kingdom to improve and look after whilst still being simplistic and enjoyable. You also will face the threat of raids which help liven up the game and make for a challenge however on higher difficulties I find myself constantly under attack giving me no chance to make a defence despite this the game is still great fun. As far as bugs go I have yet to encounter any at all . Overall this game is worth the price for what you get, at the moment there is not loads of content but Im sure there will be more things later on. Overall if your looking for a fun easy to learn city builder this is for you."
76561198273080086,Recommended,569480,33679467,Posted: 20 July,all,DomBob,OMG LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!Waited three months straight for this game to release and it finally did. DAMN AM I GLAD I WAITED!!!Developers if you read this a multiplayer of some sort would be cool with two kingdoms or one co-op kingdom.if two kingdoms have a mechanic where you can fight each other with tangable and movable troops. Thanks :DBUY THIS GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,569480,35068648,Posted: 19 September,all,Tonkow,"Nostalgic gameplay, awesome graphics.The sad thing is when you are done with the game, your done with it. There isn't much content, but the developers seems to be working on this game constantly.8/10"
76561197990823752,Not Recommended,569480,35310165,Posted: 29 September,all,Slim Charles =],Its a very fun game.. For 10 hours. Its needs more of an endgame because there is a point when there is just nothing more to do. Should be an early acces game. Very fun but not finished at all.
76561198094487894,Not Recommended,569480,34557312,Posted: 28 August,all,LuckyReden,"It is pretty rare that I write a review for games, but this game struck a particular chord with me, so here I am.Let me start by saying that I love these kinds of games. On top of that it isn't a ""sit and wait 24 hours or buy gems"" BS game makes it more appealing. The first 30 minutes were awesome, I was super excited for it.Then I started to actually examine it.Lets start with the Pros:- Good art style, its not graphically amazing, but for what it is it does a good job.- Excellent basics- Easy to pick up- StraightforwardCons:- There really isn't a good balance between ""I want to build a city I don't have to defend"" and ""I will have to constantly rebuild everything"". This to me is the biggest issue. My first playthough I played on the normal difficulty. I got freaking destroyed by the vikings the first time they came. I thought, ""hmm, must not have been prepared"". So I got prepared. I got some heroes, completely worthless. I built some walls, completely worthless. I trained some troops, again, worthless. Lost half my walls and a quarter of my city burned down. Nothing I could do. Ok I thought, I'll just play the easy mode. Well playing with no enemies gets boring EXTREMELY quickly because there are only a handful of buildings. Eventually you've finished it. Not to mention the vikings only get worse as you get bigger. WHICH MAKES NO SENSE. I have literally yet to fend off a viking invasion. I had walls 5 high covered in ballista, and they send 6 ogres at me to just absolutely demolish them. The Heroes are a complete joke. So slow and can't even go 80% of the places the vikings are. It makes playing normal difficulty miserable, and the easy difficulty boring af.- The macro gets to be completely tedious. There is no way to drag and select things to remove. This is so obnoxious when you have to press every individual tile to remove a forest. There is no good way to swap around your workers. You have to press and click on each individual thing to close or open it.- The game begins to lag at around 500 people. Maybe its just my computer, but I can run Witcher 3 on Ultra no issues, this game should not give me problems.- Some things are just dumb, like a Manor not getting charcoal when there is a market with charcoal across the street. Or food going rotten because people aren't smart enough to transfer food from the full Granaries. People dying of the plague simply because no one goes to the hospital.- When I hear the direction the game dev's are going with it, VR and Stream support, I am even more upset. You need better macro mechanics first. It needs to be easier to transfer people from foresters to archer towers or farms to quarries. I should be able to press and drag on the road to continually place it, thats basic mechanics for these types of games.My biggest problem is a game like this should be enjoyable. You should be able to reach a point you can defend your city. Maybe some people enjoy a constant challenge, but I would rather have some satisfaction. It never feels like you really win. I have killed two dragons in 10 hours of play, never once defeated the vikings. Once you've built all the buildings, there really isn't anything left to enjoy. You will literally just be fighting to survive, and its not like a survival game where that would be fun, its a city builder game where it is just tedious and annoying.Please, make the combat winnable and actually interesting rather than just watching your city get absolutely destroyed every time.Please, add some better macros to the game, like an ability to quickly close or open all of one type of industry or employ.Please, add more buildings and depth to the game.Please, make smarter civillians that won't lag out the game. Because the ones right now aren't even smart enough to walk across the street and it makes my game lag.I greatly appreciate what this game stands for, and I got my money's worth, but it has so much potential to be so much more."
,Recommended,569480,34177077,Posted: 11 August,all,Acapella,"achieved a kingdom of 1,500 people and no lag :D"
,Not Recommended,569480,34891268,Posted: 11 September,all,GamerBoy282,"Mostly Positive and Very positive? This game deserves to be mixed. This game isnt worth $10. Its a $5 mobile game because it has the depth of one. Play about 10-20 hours and youve seen everything. Personally I didnt want to play on the peaceful mode because it made half the buildings in the castle category useless. Most of those buildings are defensive related like walls, archer towers, etc. So building them would be pointless and a waste of resources and workers. So I found myself playing on the normal difficulty. Early on I expanded quick to get the resources I wanted and eventually I got attacked by vikings. Some buildings burned a little but I pressed on. I kept expanding and thats when the colors of this game shows up. If you dont like watching buildings getting built slowly then you might do what I did and clicked the triple speed button and kept it like that 90% of the time. As you build more and more attacks become more common and worse. Every other god dang minute it felt like something was happening. The game punished me for having cottages. Every other minute one was burning or burned down even if you have a well nearby. I built a cottage, looked at something else for a moment, and when I looked back it burned down and only a minute or two had passed. If you dont build that house right away then those people will move out. If you dont have a substantional defense set up early on then youre screwed down the road. By far one of the dumbest things with this game is I had people saying they were hungry when I had over 900 food and there is market nearby full of food. I had people die of starvation! Why these people can't be bothered to walk around the corner is beyond me! I had dragon attacks at the same time as I was being attacked by six ships of vikings later on in the game! Youre only source of food is farming and why they dont have some basic form of fishing is just plain dumb for this era.This game badly needs more content. Dont buy this game. If youre looking for a city builder similar to this then go to Banished. Its $20 but at least it has mod support and some mods really add 3x more depth then the base game. However the only advantage here is you can control your population growth. Do not buy this game because you wont find yourself playing this long."
76561198022700349,Recommended,569480,34396322,Posted: 21 August,all,Overlord,"Pro's- Aesthetic graphical style- Really easy to pick up and play, no complex mechanics to understand- Convincing ambient noises- Can be challenging early game on Hard difficulty- Is a good fix for any casual gamerCon's- Laughably easy on lower difficulties/ mid to late game- Various glitches/bugs (none too severe, just irritating)- Enemy AI seemingly non-existent (specifically for dragons)- Devoid of content after 1 or 2 playthroughs- Maps are quite small- £8 is a bit much for current content7/10 overall, I really love the style and most of the stuff thats already there, I just got quite bored after I had walled off the inner city, as the vikings and dragons ceased to pose any threat. Would appreciate maybe a PvP multiplayer with two opposing kingdoms on the same map, or more building options/ resources to manage."
,Not Recommended,569480,33941961,Posted: 31 July,all,[ L a H o s h i ],"Can't say very much about this game. It's cute and simple at first then it got overly fustrating.The AI logic for one. Where the city has an overflow of food yet half the population still starves to death. And once I have a large city that covers nearly half the map it drops to 5 frames when I have a GTX1060 at its lowest settings. So, the game was nearly unplayable at that point on my end.In short it decent but only when you're first starting off in the game. Then later on it's just fustrating and unplayable."
76561198025445113,Not Recommended,569480,33744634,Posted: 23 July,all,Nathan,"Every 30 seconds at least 1 thing catches fire, and don't expect anyody to put it out! Game has fantastic potential but its current ingame mechanics are flawed."
76561197994076056,Not Recommended,569480,33858213,Posted: 28 July,all,spacearnaud,"I tried the game because it was said to be cute and relaxing.It's cute allright, but not so relaxing.The random fires are nothing but an annoyance.The viking raids could do with more advance warning, so that you can build some defense. You don't even gain anything for repelling a viking raid or a dragon. You just lose less if your defenses are good.The ""winter"" visual effect is annoying, it prevents you from seeing the ground colors.The logistics are difficult to figure out. Sometimes your workers waste each other's time carrying resources to a stockpile far away from where the resources are actually needed. The way granaries work is not very clear either.The game is sometimes misleading about how to make your people happy. For example, it tells you they need a church OR library, when in reality they need both, or they might have an unrelated bigger problem such as lack of coal."
,Recommended,569480,33886423,Posted: 29 July,all,Kinshuka,"The new update looks AWESOME! I'm so glad to see you guys are working hard and true on this great little game :DKeep up the great work, guys!"
,Not Recommended,569480,33915124,Posted: 30 July,all,вражеский танк,"Conceptually, this game is basicallyBanishedwith tower defense aspects and colorful, low-poly graphics. It's a good concept, and my initial impression of the game was that it showed promise, but I can't recommend it as it is now, because it doesn't have enough mechanics to stay interesting past the first few hours, and overall it just feels unfinished. In no particular order, here are some of the issues I have with the game:Resource gathering rates and structure costs are not well balanced. Two quarries will quickly give you more stone than you know what to do with, and even with a low tax rate you'll quickly be swimming in gold, but foresters never seem to produce enough wood. Foresters can't be built near each other so you have to find extra room for them. Additionally, when they replant trees, those trees get in the way of placing new structures, so you have to make them stop working to place buildings nearby.Some buildings have larger versions that can be built (e.g. hovel, cottage, manor), but there are no upgrades to existing buildings, and production buildings don't have any upgrades. This exacerbates the wood gathering issue, because you can't upgrade your foresters; you just have to build more of them, but finding room for them is always difficult.The tower defense aspect of the game is very shallow. As far as I can tell, there are only two types of enemies: dragons and vikings. (The vikings sometimes bring ogres with them to attack walls.) The enemy AI is pretty bad, and the AI of your soldiers is even worse. They won't automatically attack enemies, even nearby ones, so you have to keep directing them to attack or they'll stand around uselessly.Enemy attacks don't feel like they have much impact on gameplay. Both vikings and dragons just run around setting your buildings on fire. I thought maybe they'd pillage your resources or enslave your peasants or something, but they don't. Even if your defenses are weak, they'll eventually just leave, and life goes back to normal except that you have to rebuild whatever burned down, and your peasants will be unhappy. On hard mode you can lose if your peasants are too unhappy for too long, but I'd really like enemy attacks to have more impact than a random happiness debuff.The maps are pretty small, so it won't take long to run out of space. Performance isn't great once you have a sizeable population, despite the game's simple graphics.The UI is really bad, with windows that pop up over objects you're interacting with and obscure what you're actually trying to do - for instance, when placing a building, it's hard to tell if it's facing the direction you want because there's a text window over top of it. There's an unnecessary news feed in the top left of the screen that, as far as I can tell, cannot be closed.Every city builder begins to feel stale eventually, but withKingdoms and Castles, it only took a few hours before I was bored. If this were an early access game, I might be more forgiving, but it's not. Granted, the developers have laid out a roadmap for new features that will hopefully give the game more depth and breathe life into it, but I'm not sure why it was released with such a sparse feature set in the first place. If new updates correct the issues I've mentioned and add more content, I'll gladly update my opinion, but until then I don't recommend this game."
76561198034347290,Not Recommended,569480,33918476,Posted: 30 July,all,Deeves,WAIT FOR MORE CONTENT BEFORE YOU PURCHASE!Pros:- Art is cute and simple-Much room for improvement-$10 for a couple hours of fun-Has a lot of potenialCons:-Lack of end game content-Stale game play after a couple of hours-Enemies are easily manipulated-Very low replay value at the moment
,Recommended,569480,34011700,Posted: 4 August,all,Raetac,"As a fan of city building, I was coaxed to look at this game from another fellow Youtuber and it did not take much to convince me to give this title a go. I've risked more money on lesser things, so the $10 asking price was fair. The best thing I can recommend, have a look at videos out there. It wont take long to realize if this game is for you or not. There is quite a bit of assummed knowledge, a basic ingame tutorial would be nicehttps://youtu.be/cPAN6ZTdaT4"
,Not Recommended,569480,33737143,Posted: 22 July,all,lincolndb,This game is begging for mods.
76561198045211623,Not Recommended,569480,33709979,Posted: 21 July,all,markusclarkus51,"I don't recommend this game for several reasons, mostly it seems like an extremely generic and boring city building simulator with pretty bad voxel graphics that I was willing to overlook because I just wanted something I could play while I was relaxing and had a few beers. It couldn't even hold my interest when all i wanted to do was drink and play a simple easy game.It feels a lot like older titles I've played like ceaser 2 but extremely gutted. I don't think i'm old enough to say ""back in my day"" or anything like that, but there is a distinct lack of content in this game. I can't quite put my finger on it, maybe it's the lack of a campaign, or the lack of multiplayer, or the lack of a large map, or the lack of an enemy cpu, or the lack of luxury goods, etc.There are 3 game modes, the first being easy with absolutely no threats execpt fires. Normal with basically no threats (occasional dragon that doesn't really seem to do anything) and random fires. Then hard mode which has ogre attacks and dragons etc.Like any normal gamer that just bought a game I picked normal mode and got very bored within the first hour. The map is small and the game itself really lacks content. I get that the graphics are bad on purpose. You can hide behind the ""voxel"" name and say that's how it was supposed to look, and I completely get it. However, there really isn't much meat to the game once you actually put graphics aside and start playing. My main complaint is the lack of a campaign, lack of multiplayer, tiny map, and lack of armys to build and enemys to fight. It feels like much older games (ceaser 2) but with much less content and hiding behind purposefully bad graphics that you call ""voxel"".Honestly it should be a flash game, not worth 10$."
,Not Recommended,569480,33976540,Posted: 2 August,all,astraybeat,"Likes: Buildings are rotatable, good graphics, easy control to rotate viewport, good price.Dislikes: Lack of diversity, no progression system, tasteless after few hours.I like strategy game but this one is very casual for me. At the moment, I can't recommend to people who love challenging gameplay but if you likes/want casual strategy then this game may suits you."
76561198117911179,Recommended,569480,33687144,Posted: 20 July,all,MobyPhallus,"Very fun game. It's like Banished, but with vikings attacking you."
,Not Recommended,569480,33714371,Posted: 22 July,all,Sick Puppy,For the $10 it's ok but the game becomes really unplayable after a few hours. Basically I built a massive city with it partly on water and the vikings gave no♥♥♥♥♥♥ They sailed through my walls like a knife through butter. All my hard work and time gone due to super powerful ships that can't be sunk by bastilla that cover the ENITRE MAP! I have like 3 of them able to ship  them before they stepped on land but the devs seemed to have rushed this game out and put in enough work to play just over 2 hours.
76561198101197158,Not Recommended,569480,33748462,Posted: 23 July,all,餅Biscuits乾,"Tl;dr= Good base game, no endgame content, not much variation, playing feels pointless, clearing rubble 24/7 is boring, vikings are really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying but never really achieve anything because they just burn stuff and then leave and feel forced as a  ""Well look theres a challenge"" sales point. Update: The devs are very active and respond and intercat well with the community, The future looks brightWhile I would recommend this game I would say there are plenty of things to be tweaked and It definatly needs more in the ways of content. If you like the look of this game i suggest a mobile app called ""Polytopia"" which is vaguely similar but free and more satisfying to play.Pros-Nice art styleEasy to understandFunGood base contentCons-Very little variation in:Enemies, defenses, buildings, landscapesOgres are far to tough, they make walls irrelevants and it doesn't seem to matter how many towers you build to defend becuase there are always too many to deal withDealing with the rubble after attacks, having to click on each one is painstakingly boringAs previously mentioned there is very little in the ways of variation, this leads to a ""Well what now?"" situation towards the end, after youve built just about everything it feels pointless to just build more of the same stuff.Things that could be added:A way to pay off vikings with food and goldBetter use of soldiers and better, more RTS style ways to control themMore defensesMore buildingsMore enemiesRival civilisationsMore areas to controla difficulty between easy and hardUpgrades for buildings"
76561198300652414,Not Recommended,569480,33930927,Posted: 31 July,all,weezie,A familiar and fun concept (gather resources build a city and grow your population).Unfortunately the product comes with at least 1 game ending bug.  It can be pretty frustrating to discover after several hours of city building.Good if you like this sort of game but probably worth waiting a bit for the problems to be ironed out.  Kingdoms and Castles is not ready for prime time.
,Recommended,569480,34877120,Posted: 10 September,all,[AotS] Shigins,"Good for a few days of fun gameplay, got my moneys worth, but it doesn't quite seem finished.-Not sure why the dev is bothering with stuff like twitch integration before the game even has customizable keybindings.-A customizable work priority system would be nice addition.-Generals and armies are worthless with how weak the vikings and dragons are, just some castle defenses take care of everything.-Orchards are not worth the land they take up. Unless they bump with cost to build and food output they will always be worse than farms+windmill.-Fisheries or some method of making use of coastlines would be nice.-When placing churches/libraries..etc, the radius of benefit sometimes does not show up.-When paused the game sometimes prevents you from chain-placing facilities, even if you have the supplies. It makes you place the facility and reselect the same one in the menu in order to place another.-Houses must be touching to count as neighbors for the happiness bonus. Houses across the street or within a vicinity should give the neighbor bonus.-Needs more enemy variety, or additional enemy mechanics. What are the vikings trying to accomplish? They don't steal anything they just burn your♥♥♥♥♥♥down.-I enjoy the lack of upgrade tiers when it comes to facilities like foresters and mines. They could use some options though (chop/replant radius, stop replant at castle walls, change max number of workers).-Day/night cycle would be nice.-Why can you build mines on piers?"
76561198044790303,Recommended,569480,33735197,Posted: 22 July,all,WackyFlailingInflatableTubeMan,Amazing city building game with fun graphics. Can't wait for the features they will be adding to make the game more intresting. 9.1/10
76561198024751680,Not Recommended,569480,33742930,Posted: 23 July,all,Barkain,Nice concept.But after learning the gameplay it's already over.Usually I would call this a Demo or Ealy access at most.
76561198004044383,Not Recommended,569480,34081092,Posted: 7 August,all,Schlennsen,Lack of content. You know everything after 10h
,Not Recommended,569480,33938802,Posted: 31 July,all,Sketchy Fella,"Personally I cannot recomend this game for a few reasons.I'm going to compare this game to Banished, a title similar to Kingdoms and Castles. In my opinion I think that this game is more of a casual version of Banished. Banished is unforgiving, if you slip up you're whole save file could be useless. In Kingdoms in Castles if you prepare right even when giant waves of vikings come or dragons you could take them out with little casualties, makes it seem like you would always be able to get back on your feet like the random events that occur are just minor inconvenices instead of something that can level your kingdom. If you liked the challenge of Banished and you're looking for the same style of challenging and unforgiving game play give this one a pass, but if you enjoy a more relaxed city sim with a twist give this a try. Other than that my only serrious gripe with this game was there is a point where your kingdom will get huge and sometimes you'll experience in frame drops (especially durring viking raids).Pro's-Very Easy to pick upEasy to run (sometimes)CheapFun and Engaging gameplayRelaxing gameplayDev's add free content every once in a whileGet's you out from behind the bike shedCon's-Not very challenging (don't hurt me opinions are like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s everyones got one)Frame drops in late gameUn♥♥♥♥able zombiesTruely shows how cruel my ex-girlfriend Rachel can actually beIn conclusion, it's aight if you like relaxed gameplay, not if you like challenging gameplay."
76561198042465317,Not Recommended,569480,33741537,Posted: 23 July,all,hombredequeso,"Hmm. Very basic for a full game. Beautiful art style, fun building. A simple poly version of Banished with viking attacks and dragons.I found the gameplay very limited, with no real reason to keep playing once I'd built my first city and had it razed. Maybe you will?"
76561198019075012,Not Recommended,569480,33852779,Posted: 28 July,all,G.B.F,"Mediocre not being an option, I decided to go with Negative, since in this day and age there are too many games out there to warrant spending time with one that is merely okay.Pros-Lovely art style.-Easy to understand and get into.Cons-Lack of depth and variety, I was bored after 20 hours, the last 5 was just spent chasing growth achievements. I do not see myself ever playing the game again.-Uneven difficulty spikes, warnings of incoming viking attacks come when its too late to do anything about them. Starvation is a huge problem when you try and chase the population achievements, which also require cheap tactics like just building hundreds of piers to build upon.As said the game itself is competent, enjoyable for a dozen hours or so before it starts to get tedious, I really wanted to love the game but like most city builders these days, it seems aimed more at a casual player, which is just not to my tastes. It is cheaply priced at least, so might be worth a buy if you just want more games in the genre to play with."
,Recommended,569480,33724423,Posted: 22 July,all,Musket|MASE,I love the game.only 1 complain.had 6 dragons and 5 viking attacks within a 5 min period. it destroyed everytime I worked on for the last 30 min. I had tons of defences. but litterly I cant even rebuild my stuff. it instantly gets attacked again. Im playing on easy mode...
76561197997954781,Not Recommended,569480,33760162,Posted: 23 July,all,Garrett,"This game has a lot of potential, but it's not finished.  Very pretty, but once you've built a building, it never seems to actually DO what it's supposed to.  I'm now having issues even placing buildings at all, so right now I don't recommend this game as you can't actually play it.  Hope these issues get fixed, I want to love this thing."
,Not Recommended,569480,33927818,Posted: 31 July,all,Mulatto,"It's weird to give a ""negative"" review of this game, as I do really like it and my issues with it might stem more from issues I have with this genre of game, rather than with Kingdoms and Castles itself, but here goes!This game is fun for the few few hours. Or if you've literally got nothing better to spend your time with.However, this game does have an issue with it the longer you play on a single save file. In the beginning of each game, when you have nothing to your name but a few peasants and very little wood, this game is fun as hell. You have to be smart about how you allocate your resources, making sure you have enough workers to make sure your kingdom has enough food to keep the peasants happy, as well as collecting enough wood and stone and iron to make new buildings.BUT, at a certain point, all of the strategy and planning can be just tossed out the window and you can just arbitrarily place farms, orchards and homes wherever you feel like without the slightest bit of thought. And this happens with each game I play after my gametime exceeds a few hours.First hour or so of each game is fun, engaging and exciting. After that, the game drags and I find myself wanting to play something else.There is a very big issue of plateauing with this game and until this is fixed, I cannot recommend people play this game unless they are die hard city management players, and even then I would say not to get it because it is absolutely lackluster as a city management game."
76561197971127900,Not Recommended,569480,33719121,Posted: 22 July,all,Ritsuno,The game is just way to simple...There is just nothing to do.
76561198010216732,Not Recommended,569480,33860358,Posted: 28 July,all,Erhard,"After two hours you'll have done it all, if you are efficient. So if you buy it, set a timer for 1½ hour, review your playthough, doing this will give you the opportunity to refund it."
76561198004849373,Not Recommended,569480,34014407,Posted: 4 August,all,DraconicCynic,"When I saw this game in the store, I was like, ""Hey, cool. A casual building game that I can just mess around with whenever."" Fun graphics, but imagine my dismay when, even after changing the resolution, 'all' the in-game text is ridiculously tiny and all but impossible to read. Being visually  impaired, this is a deal breaker. Glad I only paid a few bucks for it. Not at all recommended if you have problems reading text in some games even after tinkering with the display options."
,Recommended,569480,34407772,Posted: 21 August,all,Imperial Jenga ✠,yOu CaN sPeNd HoUrS jUsT wAtChInG
,Recommended,569480,35093682,Posted: 20 September,all,The Jimbles Guy In The Sky,>be me>start a new game>spend 20 minutes trying to find a good island>start up the game>game crashes>didnt save>spend another 20 minutes trying to find a new island10/10
,Not Recommended,569480,34219576,Posted: 13 August,all,Raptor85,"Everything works, but in the end this is pretty much just banished dumbed down to the level of a mobile game.  It's pretty simple, even on the harder modes"
76561198130257686,Recommended,569480,34526350,Posted: 27 August,all,DBJoe,Yea awesome game when u get the hang of it.Controlling ur army around to fight the vikings is pretty hard tho
,Recommended,569480,34279424,Posted: 16 August,all,Supreme Peasant,"It's a great-looking, cheap and easygoing city building sim. Definitely worth the maegre cost, but it has some very glaring flaws that prevent it from going from good to great:- Map size quickly becomes restrictive once you get past mid-game- Pirate raids are OP in the early game and irrelevant in the late game due to invasion mechanic loopholes- There isn't a huge amount of building variation, and it feels like there are a few building cost balance issues- Starts to get incredibly formulaic after multiple playthroughs,needs more elements of randomness (terrain types, natural disasters... multiplayer???) to remain interesting- Generally speaking, once your city begins to cover more than half the map it feels like you've already won and there's no end-game goals or point of continuing, much like when it's you verses that one last AI in a Civ Domination victoryI'll summarise by saying that this game feels like a more relaxed, less punishing version of Banished, but as it is crowdfunded and seems to have regular updates, in a few months/years time this might become a staple of the city building genre. For now, it works well as just a quaint little game."
76561197960963820,Not Recommended,569480,34207683,Posted: 12 August,all,frepper,to simple
76561198397784934,Recommended,569480,34319650,Posted: 17 August,all,HoolaHoop,Just a damn good game. Easy to play and wonderful art style. Really hope the developers keep adding content to this game like more islands and maybe boats to go explore and bring back recoruces. Really good price for only $10.
76561198015728022,Not Recommended,569480,34477825,Posted: 25 August,all,Balls^8Deep,"Game is pretty and has a nice atmosphere,but it doesn't look like it's been thoroughly beta tested.There's no point building defenses,it's much cheaper to just rebuild after an attack,but if you do go for defenses,don't build a barracks and don't recruit soldiers.They don't do anything.Don't build blacksmiths,there's no use for what they produce.Do not mine iron,iron is a resource used only by blacksmiths and they don't produce anything.I'm pretty sure masons don't actually do anything.Everything in this game is made mostly out of wood,consequently wood is worth more than all other resources  combined by far.harvesting wood is highly inefficient and time consuming.You click indevidual squares and take 2 years to chop down some shrubs.if you could buy 1 wood with let's say 500taxed gold,that'd be great,but there is no resource trading system in place.You can tax thousands of gold faster than you can do anything else in this game though you only need a few hundred per map.Sometimes you build something and peasants refuse to work there so you have to demolish and rebuild.You can't build anything too far away from your roads,which leads to  poor aesthetics and inefficient use of space,most games just let you build near other buildings for this reason.The more you build and spread across the map,the lower your FPS gets.(GTX1060)"
,Recommended,569480,34233167,Posted: 14 August,all,Arshes Ney,"Fun city builder, not the game you'd sink 100s of hours in, but totally worth the 10 bucks"
76561198035595022,Recommended,569480,34270184,Posted: 15 August,all,The Alchemist,Pretty moist this gaem
76561198051127483,Recommended,569480,34314720,Posted: 17 August,all,Colonel Hatch,"As it stands Kingdoms and Castles is not a bad game for the price it is being offered: it is cute, quaint and enjoyable. However it is unlikely to last you more than perhaps a week of occassional one-hour sessions. The game you buy is a full experience, but after a point quickly reached the experience becomes repetative. The building trees are not very complex and it doesn't take long to build some of the higher tier structures, some of which (at the time of writing) have little to no purpose - such as the Great Hall, aside from being aesthetically pleasing within your town.Therein lies the core of this game: aesthetics. You are mainly here to build a pretty city. Though there are Vikings and Dragons that randomly show up, the game offers little challenge: it doesn't take long to rebuild if you fail to see off one or the other of those threats, and after a point seeing off dragons becomes very easy leaving only the innumerable viking hordes to challenge your dominion of your little island. If you are like myself and enjoy the idea of watching a village naturally expand into a town, then there is a lot of fun to be had here for a while, but the fact of the matter is that there is only so much fun to be gleamed from building cottages when those cottages are no longer building towards the next goal - say, a new bakery, and are simply being built because you've hit the population cap again and have nothing to do.Kingdoms and Castles presents a good core around which a very appealing game could be built, and thus far the Devs have shown that they are interested in doing just that. As it stands however, this game is a bite sized one that is, nonetheless, worth the price if you've the cash to spare."
,Recommended,569480,34248697,Posted: 14 August,all,Mordiguy,10/10Its like stronghold but allot more casual
76561198122672952,Recommended,569480,34366665,Posted: 19 August,all,RZORY,"Good game,i really like this."
,Not Recommended,569480,34618979,Posted: 30 August,all,DOxWarrior,"It all started well, and then the enemies starting walking on water like Jesus, Walking around walls, onto the water, and into my city.  So unless you build a wall completely around your empire, the enemy will find a gap and walk straight in."
76561198291125209,Recommended,569480,34816011,Posted: 8 September,all,Laghmich,One of the best strategy/city builer game I ever played.
,Not Recommended,569480,35161714,Posted: 23 September,all,NoJoke,"you can't milk too many hours out of the game, its a good game but its only single player and not much else to do."
,Recommended,569480,35049195,Posted: 18 September,all,Alpha Bird,"Before the infastructure update is was near impossible to deal with vikings as the come with tonnes of orgres and such Now it is too easy and i woud like more of a challenge. This game needs more content like: Multiplayer, threats,more commadaties like an herb or an armor smith, and more land instead of an island and such. If you are reading this devs, add more content."
,Recommended,569480,33693656,Posted: 21 July,all,[Noob] W33DEATER,"IF YOU CONSIDER BUYING THIS GAME, READ THIS :)-This is a Review written 1 day after release and im looking forward for this games future-QUICK LIST:+not expensive at all (10 bucks, cmon)+cool indie graphics+enjoyable atmosphere+medieval city building+random generated maps+invasions and defensive turrets/troops-content could be more-battle system needs improvement-managment options dont really existSO:This game is quite interesting, but also has lot of room for improvements and content.Its definetly able to get you some funny hours of entertainment allready. After 6h of playing i still want to build a great looking castle. The Graphics are not bad at all and creates a enjoyable atmosphere and its just awesome to watch your hundreds of citizen do their stuff.There are quite an amount of buildings and escpecially the walls are a cool feature.The Battle/Army function should be improved as i had some problems defending against vikings.Get this Game if you want some fresh hours of fun. Worth every cent."
76561198030755664,Recommended,569480,33693821,Posted: 21 July,all,JULIANOS,It looks very nice and is easy to understand. It is a classical medieval city building game.
,Recommended,569480,33698191,Posted: 21 July,all,Inconceivable,"Developers should be really proud of this Little game, I love city builders and this is perfect, great style and great design including a price that is afford for a work in progress - Really enjoying it.Well done to the Developer/Developers - Please keep adding to you're great game!"
,Recommended,569480,33859311,Posted: 28 July,all,S L O T H I N A T O R,I've been playing this game for about 4 hours now and i gotta say i really enjoy it. To build a small village then expand it to a kingdom it's a really cool process and I get back all my memories from age of empires.Pros:Beautiful graphics (If you like low poloygon)The gameplay is simple but still very funStatic defenses such as archer towers and ballistaYou can build your own armyand last is that the developers does a lot of updates for the game so it always have new and fun contentCons:There is a little lack of content (but as I said they will add more)Viking attacks are a bit broken I think or the troll the vikings have are a bit op because it can get through any wall with just a few punchesThe worlds are really smallShould be more different types of materialThe pesents are quite dumb sometimes and does not priorities to cut down trees (for an example) if you are really low on it and you can't tell them what to do so you most likely just gotta hope that a few feel like cutting trees todayThis is my opinions you don't need to agree. I also would like to see some sort of CO-OP options in the future so you can build with friends or fight them. Also that you can build boats and travel to different islands/continents but overall it's a really good game and it is worth 9.99 Euros.
,Recommended,569480,33881680,Posted: 29 July,all,Bytestrike,"Killed a dragon with a ballista tower, which was so high that Sauron would be proud of me.10/10 would make Sauron proud again"
,Recommended,569480,33893175,Posted: 29 July,all,Frank,Great game fun and enjoyable for all ages! 10/10 would reccomend this game.
76561198017970767,Not Recommended,569480,33941340,Posted: 31 July,all,Peter Peanuts,"I love city building games and have played many (life is feudal, banished, skylines, etc.). However, this game is just too boring. There's really hardly anything to do. It feels like a mobile phone game for pc. Hopefully, the devs will continue to add features but it feels like an early access game as it stands. Sure, it's not very expensive but I'd rather have my money back. The 7 hours I spent on this game wasn't enjoyable. I was just trying to give it a chance. It needs better unit controls and more complexity. It is pretty but not pretty enough."
,Not Recommended,569480,33955907,Posted: 1 August,all,Mr. Moose.,Its super super shallow and the pathfinding is god awful.
,Recommended,569480,33980423,Posted: 2 August,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"wow, finally a 3d version of rise to ruin, this is a awesome castle builder and I enjoyed playing it, the clouds are very cute in this game, the castle looks so real for a low poly castle, the gameplay is smooth with no lag (even for my dual core processor), so far I love it, plus I just bought it today"
76561198337154845,Recommended,569480,33982228,Posted: 2 August,all,Battlebob,"great game its just after a while its the same thing needs more things such as underwater exploration or more land it just gets very boring after awhile not saying i dont like it, it just needs more stuff."
,Recommended,569480,34026574,Posted: 4 August,all,liker,"Дуже яскрава та кольорова гра, вона може запропанувати вам шалений релакс.То не типова стратегiя, це щось бiльше...Швидко покупайте, та починайте будувати свою державу!"
,Recommended,569480,35346422,Posted: 30 September,all,Paradoxisus,"There's nothing else better than building a giant wall around your keep and watching your peasants die outside the walls by plagues, fires, food shortage, dragon and viking raids.felt like a true king already"
76561198324380368,Recommended,569480,33703819,Posted: 21 July,all,B man,Fun
76561198093032030,Recommended,569480,33704256,Posted: 21 July,all,AxillEnco hellcase.com,"I only played 3 hours, but i can say this: Awsome 10/10"
76561198042530442,Recommended,569480,33704446,Posted: 21 July,all,Shoop da whoop,LOVE IT!!
76561198084358693,Not Recommended,569480,33705111,Posted: 21 July,all,kagehyo6,"It's fun for a while but it gets old quick. It is just the same repetitive process over and over again. The enemies send massive ogres to destroy your town and then you rebuild what they broke. You build up your numbers and then the enemy brings more ogres. It gets tiring when you have to constantly rebuild things that get destroyed in ogre attacks or dragon attacks. Although dragon attacks are easy to prevent with plenty of archer towers. Also, the heroes are practically worthless, they die easily."
76561198060907316,Recommended,569480,33733342,Posted: 22 July,all,Level 7 Frank West,"This game is definitely a hidden gem..And its only 10 bucks! i mean, thats a steal. i mean, thats less then a Subway sandwish with double meat. So skip Subway fatty and pick this game up!8/10 Italian BMTsMamma mia!"
,Recommended,569480,33746759,Posted: 23 July,all,DukeH4mm3r,"I'm going to give this little indie title a thumbs up even though there are several problems with the game, but I'll get into those in a minute.The game itself is fun and relaxing and even though it doesn't include a tutorial it's still very easy to pick up by having a simple and uncluttered interface. I was able to pick up and dive straight into this game without any problems as a result and it wasn't long before I had a small kingdom in the works. Riiiiight up until my first viking invasion and I lost a reasonable proportion of farms and houses because I kinda skimped on the defenses! :PK&C has various difficulty levels to choose from to suit your play style and I believe is randomly generates maps for you to play on. However, all maps are of the same size, although I have no idea what that size is. It's just that everything is randomly generated within that grid. I think...The main purpose of the game is to build up your kingdom, fulfilling the needs of your peasants whilst building defenses to protect them from dragon or viking attacks. And maintaining a balance so your peasants don't starve or become too unhappy whilst having the resources necessary to grow and defend your kingdom is the idea behind the game. Which I'm finding slightly addictive...Reading other reviews a lot of people are comparing it to bigger titles made by far bigger developers and giving it a thumbs down because it isn't matching the budgets or scopes of long established developers. Unfortunately this is a full on indie title developed by a grand total of 4 people. 2 did the programming and 2 provided the music and sound. And to be honest I think it's entirely unfair to compare it to a bigger title when such a small team is involved. They've done a great job with this game which is more of a casual city builder than something like Cities Skylines or Anno.Are there problems with the game? Yes. Your frame rate starts to suffer once you pass the 250 population mark for some reason. Checking my hardware and my Ryzen 7 1700 never has more than 60% usage on the 10 cores it says its usuing, and it uses less than 2GB of RAM. GPU is also hardly utilitilised. So needless to say, some optimisation needs to be done.There's also issues with path finding or something, where your peasants don't seem to be able to find food easily or resources easily, even though you've provided plenty for them nearby.Combat also sucks in regards to recruiting a general and soldiers as they don't auto attack when near an enemy. In fact you can't even order them to attack an enemy. You have to move them over the enemy to get them to do anything and whatever that is I don't know!Although these are relatively big problems, I do not find them to be game breaking. I've played far bigger and more expensive titles than this from big developers that have had more bugs, worse performance or issues in general that do break the game! But they go on to patch and fix those games and I expect the same from this small indie team. And they do plan on adding more content to the game for those of you worried about the small amount of content present at the moment. Content which I look forward too and watching this game grow over time.Over all, this is a good little game. It cost me £6.99 which to me is a good price for a fun indie game with plenty of room for growth. Its a fun, casual city builder with a charming graphics style and relatively addictive gameplay. If I were to give it a score out of 10 it'd be a solid 7. You just have to bare in mind that this isn't a game built by big developers and expecting it to be a fully loaded title like Anno or Cities Skylines. Hell, Anno is a well established game that goes back years and Skylines requires you to buy content to make it a fully fleshed out game. This is this developers first title and it's a damn good and fun effort."
76561198092136920,Not Recommended,569480,33755293,Posted: 23 July,all,hunterdog228,"Although the game is moderately entertaining, it ultimately falls short due to a lack content. In particular, gameplay time is severely limited by a lack of space, building options, and stone. It only takes about a couple of hours to do everything worth doing, and most of that time is spent just waiting on stone production. Furthermore, the pathfinding is very glitchy, leading to countless deaths from citizens who are apparently too stupid to eat."
,Recommended,569480,33758669,Posted: 23 July,all,jigsaw9821,"i really like this game , up to 24 hours . but i feel as if there could be more added to it to make it more enjoyable . such as maybe if you kill the vikings for one ship you can hijak that ship  , and use it to send some soldiers and a knight you trained to raid other lands then after like 5 minutes they come back with people or resorces . trader ship come in to trade more building (docks , prisons , cannons , etc) ,  a way you can get a small , medium or large lands . this game is still great either way. 9.7/10"
,Recommended,569480,33772789,Posted: 24 July,all,Yvik Smith,"Excellent one game openly a game of city management it's good, but in the way age it is better It is great for the moment I thinks that he promises"
,Recommended,569480,33789490,Posted: 25 July,all,Close D-Dog,"A nice little kingdom building game, maybe more suitable for Early Access than a release (still giving it an up - it's enjoyable and the developers are actively working on it)Currently lacking in content and struggling with a few bugs, it's still worth buying if you want to kill some hours.Hopefully with the upcoming plans (the developers have a roadmap) it can evolve into more than just a little snack."
,Recommended,569480,33794636,Posted: 25 July,all,Miner79,9/10 Just needs the multiplayer and we are set for soooo much potential & fun
,Recommended,569480,33845917,Posted: 27 July,all,Dezric,"Its alright , seems like their is way too much hype for what it is . However I do see potential."
76561198030940597,Not Recommended,569480,33865930,Posted: 28 July,all,alexei.andreev,"Sigh. I guess I just couldn't resist how well this game looked. Love the art, but there is just not enough content here. I've played for 2 hours and basically saw everything and have built every building. I could see replaying once on harder difficulty, but what's the point?"
76561198016613214,Not Recommended,569480,33886200,Posted: 29 July,all,Ranch Dubois,"They put just enough effort into this game to sell it at a low price, probably made a decent buck. Got bored real quick, would play if there was a maaaajor content update. Not holding my breath for that tho."
76561198085290578,Recommended,569480,33932766,Posted: 31 July,all,MasterNocaed,"I love this game, ITS a must have. I cant wait for the updates!!!!!!"
,Recommended,569480,33933054,Posted: 31 July,all,Kire,"holy ♥♥♥♥ lol, good game"
,Recommended,569480,33935578,Posted: 31 July,all,ElDuderino,"Small, fun and relaxing game that lets you build your own mediaval kingdom and fight occasional random threats like dragons or enemy fleets. Sadly, thats it, at least right now. It doesn't take very long to see most of the content and there's not that much variation going on after a few hours of playing. Nevertheless I'd recommend it, because the game's basis is quite solid and fun. Everything it takes is a little bit more content or maybe a campaign mode or something that challanges you on a more diverse level.Add it to your wishlist and see how it develops content-wise or give it a shot and spend those 10 bucks, which is a fair price, but which could be still too much for some folks considering the amount of content there is right now.TL;DR: Fun game, good basis, but lacks some more content and variation"
,Recommended,569480,34710518,Posted: 3 September,all,Ricky Struuz,"In my opinion this is a good game so far. I first thought it would be a similar to games you can play on your mobile. There are still a lot of updates necesarry to make the game worth $10. For example a dragon can fly into your buildings, little bit glitchy. But I think the developers are working on stuff like that.Further more it would be appreciated if the game is going to be even bigger with more options to build something or new buildings etc."
,Recommended,569480,33686991,Posted: 20 July,all,KaiserJustice,"Basically Banished, if you rather also deal with Vikings and Dragons. Fun game, bought on whim, will probably clock more time into it. Got money's worth already, just wish there was a bit more variety like Banished has (IE plant different crops, trading with merchants)."
,Recommended,569480,33696166,Posted: 21 July,all,Scaleeth,Really fun little game with a lovely art style. It was pretty easy for me to lose track of time while playing it. Definitely worth the $10!
,Recommended,569480,33704450,Posted: 21 July,all,Jetsom,"If you like the look of the art style, this game is defintely worth a purchase, Hoping that more features will be added consistently, but overall an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,569480,33705060,Posted: 21 July,all,Lord Downs,"Great game, has most of the things you would want in a medieval city builder. it is also in early access, but so far the game functions good and it has different modes depending on what kind of playstle you are going for. You can play just to expand your land and farm or you can play to where you contole a military and build up your castle. Since the game is in early access you cant bash on the lack of variety in weaponry and farming. Overall a great game."
,Recommended,569480,33705780,Posted: 21 July,all,Joshovi,Very good game altogether.But it could do with some more playabilityi would love to see these included:Multiplayer - Kinda like Sid Meiers civilisation.Larger MapsMore BuildingsA gamemode where you are against ai players - fight them instead of just mobsAs its a new game the developers will be active and hopefully improving it.
,Recommended,569480,33708222,Posted: 21 July,all,Mitrius,"Very nice game. Have a lot of fun.A game where you have to think a lot to build smart.When you start, you have to generate a map that will be good for you. Make sure to have fertile lands (green), iron and stone mines and wood not too far. Regenerate the map till you have the best.Make sure to build wells everywhere in your town, because some fires will occur and peasants will need them to throw water on fire. Else the buildings will be destroyed.When you have the basics (maybe you will have to redo because you built things in the wrong place), it becomes very fun.But the best thing is the graphics which are not too pixeled (like an ugly minecraft) and not too detailed (like a sim city), with a nice relaxing music...You can play in 3 modes : 1) no attacks (just building for fun) ; 2) attacks from viking and dragons (build walls and turrets !), and 3) attacks but harder difficulty.It's hours of play for a few bucks.Enjoy,"
,Recommended,569480,33723205,Posted: 22 July,all,WalksOnPoo,"Im only a few hours into it, but its already a game im glad i have bought. I know its EA, i know allot is going to happen from now til release, and im glad im going to be apart of it.One Gripe i have so far, is the fact the Vikings have ships and i dont. Id like to go fishing, or have a basic Navy.I start off at 250FPS, and by the time im 300 people into my town, its dropped down to 40ish. I know allots going on, but its just basic polys."
76561198001841855,Recommended,569480,33728599,Posted: 22 July,all,Agitated Tater-Tot,"I want to first start by saying that i bought this game yesterday and I completly lost track of time playing this. This game is VERY addictive. It is extremly fun being able to design your own castle with exact layouts that you want and for the most part you are able to do them as you see fit. THere is realism where there needs to be that adds emersion such as giving names to all of your citizens as well as giving them moods and skills or even minor inconvienences that you wouldnt expect like fires and floods. That being said there is also unrealistic aspects of the game but not in a way that ruins its emersion, Including being able to build a castle tower past the clouds and mounting a ballista on top of it. In all honesty is was kinda funny to see a skyscraper with a ballista on top kill a dragon from across the map.Please believe me when i say i love this game so far however it is obvious that it is a new release. As with any new games there is the occasional UI bugs where it wont allow you to click anything or move anything, which is a simple fix of restarting the game. There is however a few issues with AI and pathfinding bugs. For example in certain situations a head of household would choose to move materials to his house from a source far away leaving the rest of his house to die of starvation, when there is plenty of resources nearby. There is nothing more satisfying then building a really tall wall with defenses from one shoreline to the next for the first time and thinking to yourself ""Alright now thats one direction I dont have to worry about an attack from."" Unfortuantly that goes away after the first attack where you quickly learn that enemies dont really care that you built a wall and instead they decide that they should take a swim to get around it. Its an odd mechanic which im not sure is intended. Lastly I thought it was cool that I could have generals that could raise an army to fight these pesky invaders. What I didnt expect was them to just kinda watch. While they will attack any enemy units that walk into their square, they act soley in self defense and allow any invaders to burn your city as they please with no intent to persue them.Overall I think it is a great game. It simply has some issues that are present at launch like a lot of games do. other then that it has fun, interactive and emersive gameplay, and while the selection on what too build is limited at the moment, they have stated that there is plans to add a ton more of content. I cant wait to see what the future of this game brings."
76561198040066273,Recommended,569480,33731451,Posted: 22 July,all,Dread Pirate Bobert,YES.THIS.IS.THE.GAME.AND.IT'S.CHEAP.edit:BUT.THERE.IS.A.FEW.BUGS.
,Recommended,569480,33732686,Posted: 22 July,all,Rune Lockhart,Outstanding Game!
,Recommended,569480,33732922,Posted: 22 July,all,TheMegaRedHead,The best indie city builder to this day.
76561198126406864,Recommended,569480,33733150,Posted: 22 July,all,MoogicMaster,Finally got the hang of it!
,Not Recommended,569480,33733729,Posted: 22 July,all,Xtin,Shockingly basic city builder game. Hopefully they'll add far more depth.
,Not Recommended,569480,33750602,Posted: 23 July,all,Aeolun JP,Quite fun for the first 4.0 hours. Boring as hell after.And I was playing on hard. I cannot imagine how mind numbing it must be on easy. At an expected 1 hour of gameplay per dollar this was a pretty bad game.Maybe it'll get better as more updates are released. Will update the review if so.
76561197998996751,Recommended,569480,33759588,Posted: 23 July,all,Sultschiem,"Short:Very pleasing visuals and overall the gameplay is quite well and challenging.Feels comparable to Banished but it feels combined with the game ""Kingdom"".There are a few flaws that I feel should be adressed:- Unlike Banished you cannot select how many people are working on what, you can only tell people to not work in a building.- No control over the order of building stuff, which is quite frustrating, the only option is to demolish a construction siteIt is quite good for the price point and the state in development it is in, but it needs a few updates to really be good enough."
76561198131750196,Not Recommended,569480,33767949,Posted: 24 July,all,demhats99,decent game for a bout 1 houri think this game is a massive cash grab and will not be updated..there is 2mobs dragons and vikings after first attack its stale content.
76561197994280936,Recommended,569480,33773308,Posted: 24 July,all,DJ BÖGLYFT,"Fun game, like Banished but a much better artstyle and less punishing"
,Recommended,569480,33784061,Posted: 25 July,all,Silus,"Kingdoms and Castles is a Nice entry-level city builder game, it's great for people who want to get into city management games and it has a good bit to offer, having a good amount of knowledge about city builders I got my first city to 2000 people after 440 years, (Screencaps on my profile).Pros:- Brilliant game to sink a few hours into here and there- Very affordable at £6.99 (price at time of review)- Quirky art style that functions really well in this style of game- Very efficient and easy to follow UI- Good amount of content for an Alpha-stage game- Generally great game for the priceCons:- Once you build enough defenses such as ballistas and archers, the invading vikings have no chance at all to really damage your city, a larger variety of enemies would be welcome- Advisors tend to only really have a few lines of advice, that all seem to just be reminders of what stock you are low on or reminding you that your people are unhappy, would love to see some more in detail advice as to what you could do to combat their issues, would be very useful to newer players- Good amount of content for an alpha game, but definitly needs more, after about 10 hours I had pretty much maxed out all of the buildings and resource gathering jobs I had access tooOverall I would rate this game a 4.5/5, it really has a LOT of potential if nurtured the right way, the cons of this game are simply teething issues, such as needing more content and more enemies, it's really a solid game for players that want to get into the micro-management sim style games, I would whole heartedly reccomend this game, especially for the price, I just hope that the developer(s) nurture this game and listen to feedback to give it more replay value."
,Recommended,569480,33800668,Posted: 25 July,all,Bloomer,"Honestly, the game is basically a simplified version of Banished with random attacks thrown in to shake things up.So if you are looking for complex management systems under the hood you might want to find another game.But that said, it is absolutly perfect as a game to play while binge watching a show and wanting something to do at the same time.  It works for the same reason SimCity, Civ, Total War, or any other slow/turn based game works - it doesnt require all of your attention and focus."
,Not Recommended,569480,33803108,Posted: 26 July,all,Super Sandy Vegetable,"Fun little city builder. Very Banished-esque, if a bit easier and with less content/depth.I've enjoyed my time so far but would love to see more. More types of resources, mechanics, land-types, buildings, etc. The AI isn't the smartest sometimes either, with peasants starving for no reason and fires spreading right next to a well.Unfortunately at this time I cannot recommend this game as a full release."
,Not Recommended,569480,33805673,Posted: 26 July,all,Bitcherina,"Kept getting a bug where I would click to build a structure and I could see it on the ground but it wouldn't move with my mouse. It just stuck in one spot & even if it got stuck on a buildable spot, it wouldn't build if I clicked. Had to restart my game every time it happened. After the third time I'm done with the game until I see a hotfix for this."
,Not Recommended,569480,33822469,Posted: 26 July,all,Slimebeast,"It's polished, nice to look at and easy to play, but sadly there's too little of everything. Not enough buildings, upgrades, mechanics, statistics, challenges, difficulty, scenarios, goals. Not enough of anything. You will have experienced the whole game in just a few hours."
,Recommended,569480,33822792,Posted: 26 July,all,∀αηΩuïšhεr,Got really far in the game then a huge fleet come out of nowhere and bruned my kingdom to the ground. 10/10 would play again and this is the best City Builder I have ever played.
,Recommended,569480,33834734,Posted: 27 July,all,TBane,"I really like the game so far, but its clearly lacking content. I would like to have a similar map like in Anno. Where you travel with your ship to other islands, you can build production farms, other towns and where some part of logistic comes in.On my island is a large fertile area where i got the farms and the farmers harvest it and bring it in the storage barn, but my city is lacking food because the barn near them is empty. I think there should be an option to dedicate an inhabitant to transport the goods from a barn/stockpile to another one."
76561198253726684,Recommended,569480,33835883,Posted: 27 July,all,BlueStone,"The game is fun to play, even though some gameplay elements feel weird, but thats alright due to how young the game is. I can recommend it!"
76561198163842310,Recommended,569480,33837393,Posted: 27 July,all,ccle,"I think that this game is definitely worth $10. It would be nice if there was a bit of a tutorial at the beginning of the game but it's decently easy to catch on to. If you like sandbox games with a little bit of a challenge, I highly recommend this game."
76561198097064009,Recommended,569480,33842371,Posted: 27 July,all,No one,"Pros-Fun-Cute graphics-Easy and difficult-No bugs or glitchesCons-Gets booring after a while (couple of hours)-Has 2500 food, 5 peasants dies after 1 min7/10 would make my peasants starve again"
,Recommended,569480,33868839,Posted: 28 July,all,tdk5001,"A great game! Love the style, the mechanics is perfect! All you need is a bit more content (types of buildings, deeper production line, some character customisation functions, more emphasis on individual citizens, perhaps introduce a king figure that can be customized? Would be nice to have more army choice and be able to attack as well as defend..?)Nonetheless, a great game worth every penny! Great job to the developers!!!"
76561198262778720,Not Recommended,569480,33871109,Posted: 28 July,all,Pyro,you need to add controls to the game because it super hard to play
76561198008825938,Not Recommended,569480,33872830,Posted: 28 July,all,shugorlr,"It seems like something is always on fire in this game. And fires are super hard to put out and often leave piles and piles of rubble everywhere. Then a Dragon swoops in and it's a living hell, inferno and ruins everywhere.Seriously, fix the fire+rubble over abbundance, or at least have buildings for fighting fires...Also setting up defenses take for ever, meaning vikings will set fire to your town multiple times before you can just try to defend against them.Will change this review when changes are madeTHIS IS A GOOD GAME, DON'T GET ME WRONG. just needs tweeks. it could be great."
76561198386409464,Not Recommended,569480,33884893,Posted: 29 July,all,KahootMaster420,Its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of clash of clans on pc.
,Not Recommended,569480,33885226,Posted: 29 July,all,ERock,"I need a sideways thumb.  This is priced right, so if you're on the fence, go for it.  Otherwise I say wait for more features or a good sale.  What is here is fun-ish, but there just isn't that much to do.  If the devs really keep adding things, I'll probably be back to update this review."
,Recommended,569480,33885236,Posted: 29 July,all,Pixel God,Prolly one of my favorite games. Love the style of art they used as well as the gameplay. The random events make it for a very satisfying experience (unless your getting ♥♥♥♥ed). I Kind of wish there were more then the standard 4 though. While the current ones are nice there definetly could be more to at least make it a bit more challenging. Because there does come a point when you can just defend off anything that comes even on hard.
76561197989980476,Not Recommended,569480,34051714,Posted: 5 August,all,General Knowledge,"The game is very simplistic.  There are none of the features often in City Building games such as priority building, employee management(except to just close a building) etc.  Also wood is a most valuable resource and tiresom to collect, the wood cutter shops only collect a small amont and they cannot overlape so the placement is limited.  One can chop wood with a command but then you have to stay on top of it or run out of wood.  Fires are often and even with lots of wells they are always causeing losses that cannot be stopped.  The buildings cannot be moved or repostitoned after placement so you have to tear down buildings and rebuild.  There are no upgrades to buildings.  Anyways overall it is a simple easy to play game but becomes boring after a few hours which is all it takes to figure this game out."
76561198006485024,Recommended,569480,34705361,Posted: 3 September,all,Butts Butts Butts,"In its current form it is very simple, but very fun. I 'finished' the game twice in 7 hours, finished being built everything, and got my cities in a set-and-forget level. City Sims are my favourite type of game, and I have played an absolute boat load of them. Kingdoms and Castles is well rounded, easy to pick up, and great fun. For the $10 price tag it is very much worth it, and I hope to see some updates in the future adding more stuff. if not - it's still worth the $10."
76561197993956515,Recommended,569480,34706056,Posted: 3 September,all,GhostOfChristmasPast,"Great fun, could do with some more enemy types and more of an end game, can;t wait to see what they add next :)"
76561198010423623,Recommended,569480,34768308,Posted: 5 September,all,WildcatNH,Gameplay is fun and admittedly can use some depth. I enjoy the casual nature of it though with no micro management.Can't wait to see what the devs add next!
,Recommended,569480,35267276,Posted: 28 September,all,MrCreamJeans,"7/10 as of its current state.So i recommend Kingdoms and Castles, not for the state that its in now but for the potential it has to be come a fantastic game. iv played  10 hours of it and it feels unbalanced when it comes to the dragons. the Viking Raids i think work well and scales well late game. but this game has no depth at its current stage. but it still a very fun relaxing game to just sit for 30 minutes to an hour at a time. iv restarted  from scratch one or two times just to see how everything works.and iv found no real use for some buildings like all the aqueduct buildings. its a very simple city builder with not much to look after. The only things to look after are happiness, Food, and defences. and once you got those down your pretty much set for the rest of the game. theres no real replay value after you build on every square inch of the map, besides uping the difficulty and playing it again every content update since this is basicly an early access."
76561197985227008,Recommended,569480,35408180,Posted: 2 October,all,nestreselli,This is a pretty fun game. The dynamics are nice and the art style is very cute.
,Recommended,569480,33678604,Posted: 20 July,all,XenoLocke,"Bright, attractive graphics.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the city building/planning actually has some nice depth to it. It's not as deep as Banished but is still deep enough that it presents a challenge.  Great price too."
,Recommended,569480,33678613,Posted: 20 July,all,CheekyWizardNarwall,"Got the games at release, been waiting and waiting. When i finally got the game it was better than I expected."
76561198004433561,Not Recommended,569480,33683651,Posted: 20 July,all,TheWashableBomb,"Medieval town building sim with limited tower defense mechanicsEDIT: GAME SUCKS. MOVE ON. DO NOT BUY, EVER. 3/10. EVERYONE AGREES, DON'T BE A FOOL."
76561197972311620,Recommended,569480,33684712,Posted: 20 July,all,Robert Scott,"Like another reviewer said, a more colorful and less depressing Banished.  Well worth the price.  I am glad I signed up to be told when it launched so I could buy it on Day 1.  I played a couple of hours, realized some mistakes and am going to restart tomorrow, but I do not mind and that is the sign of a good city builder, that I am cool with it not aggravated."
,Recommended,569480,33686603,Posted: 20 July,all,Brigandor,"Love this game.I highly recommend it to anyone fan of base-building games.Won't be the GOTY, but for the price you won't go wrong, I already wasted half my day at work.Pros;- Good Price- Beautiful (Cartoon-ish style, Cute)- Intuitive- Easy controls/Cameras- Soooo Addictive.Cons;- Lack of options (Hopefully they will plan on releasing updates with more)- Repetitive (Especially dialogue wise, even if it's to help you)- The tips are extremely annoying... (I KNOW I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH FOOD)10/10, buy it."
,Recommended,569480,33687546,Posted: 20 July,all,RAM AIR IV,"This is a great game! Love the indie styling, the gameplay is easy to learn, no major game breaking bugs, and what looks to be a very bright future for the game! Cannot wait until more updates are released! And it has DRAGONS!"
76561198131544966,Recommended,569480,33697984,Posted: 21 July,all,Qwerty BC,"I've had this game for only about a couple hours and it's instantly addicting. In the game, you have to manage your resources, time, and labor to create an efficient bustling city, and it is executed beautifully.This isn't another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Clash Of Clans copy with no real strategy, this game is dynamic and extremely fun to play.My favorite part by far in general is the fact you can watch the city move and flow, watch each villager work it's job delivering resources to stockpiles and construction sites.Pros:Beautiful graphics that fit very well with the gameplayAwesome sound and musicADDICTING GAMEPLAYMany others I probably am not thinking of at this moment.The only con I have is that I feel it has a lot of potential when it comes to the implementation of multiplayer and other features. The game has extreme levels of potential, and I hope that the developers continue to work and develop it.Buy it/10"
,Recommended,569480,33700751,Posted: 21 July,all,KillMyGameBoy,Just saw on the clock I spend 9h of my life in this game...10/10 would go back to spend 9 more!
,Recommended,569480,33704339,Posted: 21 July,all,Cykik,"Let meprefaceby saying I played my first ~10 hours on the ""Hard"" setting, repeatedly building little slums for 1-2 hours and then getting wiped out before switching it to ""Easy"" which is my current running game. Review'd at 14 hours. Difficulty settings are ""No Enemies"", ""Easy"", ""Hard"".So I just got this game yesterday. I didn't go to bed last night... I sort of regret it. Not going to bed I mean. I don't know what to say really, this is areally charming game. It isn't without flaws but I am hard pressed to think of any. I wouldn't mind some controler/input customization, or possibly a slightly tweaked UI... That being said, in 14 hours of non-stop Kingdom building the game never froze, crashed, or even hiccuped. The music isn't exactly Sim City 4 but it's ok, you will probably disable it. I will liken certain aspects of Kingdoms and Castles to a few oldschool games.Theastheticis really something rather new to me but I see it in a lot of games these days (that I haven't played). It is ""voxely"" looking if you will. The terrain textures are very minimal but the building detail is fairly good. This lends to making your city stand out against the background which gives it a nice look. For me this has started getting a little annoying however, I had to turn my gamma and brightness down in my graphics card options due to no brightness settings ingame. That being said, there are a few graphics customization options ingame, as well as resolution. Runs at 120Hz for me. Other than the brightness issue, I'm still enjoying the ashetic quite a bit. In my biggest city things are starting to look a bit cluttered... but I think that is a personal design issue more than an asthetic design problem.City buildingvibes hard with old Sierra games (Caesar 3) although the buildings don't actually upgrade; something that slightly bothered me at first but now I appreciate the ability to ""zone residential"" without havint to micromanage overly complex civil buildings so these houses don't get too fancy but those don't get too poor. I spent a lot of unnesecary time rerolling for ""perfect"" maps before I discovered the game includes buildable piers so that you can have an partial or fully inclosed bay area to wall off a coastline for instance. The developers hinting at a ""a lot"" of further devlopment is promising in this regard as well. I'd love to see more 'stuff' added, though the game has a healthy amount of buildings already.Combatreminds me of oldschool RTS games with tower defense aspects. The AI comes in  the form of (Viking?) Raiders on longboats and/or a Dragon. I have yet to raise a standing army in the game though they are there.. I started organizing one before calling it a night. It seems rather automated and lacking customization but I expected that. The RTS vibes come from games like Red Alert where the AI comes in predictable waves and generally throws everything it has at the first opening it finds. For the current scope of the game, this works. I'd like to see new types of attackers though. Say sieges or theives/kidnappers, wild predator animals, etc.Economyis pretty basic. I'm struggling to liken it to one particular game, it's pretty average. You won't be building any incredibly complex production lines out of nessecity but the mechanics are there if you wanted to go nuts. I would like to see more economical buildings/resources added, and perhaps some sort off-map trading mechanic. Say building a port and having a merchant vessel periodically visit. Also, there is no fishing. These are Island Kingdoms. What in the bloody hell.. we get attacked by people on boats. That was a big miss for me.The Simulationis also rather basic, I'd compare it to something like Tropico with some added complexities. As best as I can tell, and by that I mean I haven't really checked too much. That being said, each household houses a certain number of pesants, 5, 12, or 25 respectivley. They have heads of house responsible for fetch tasks and all devlop skills in the areas they work seemingly, which is cool. I have a feeling this personality type aspect isn't fully fleshed out they way the devs want it, but that's nothing more than a hunch. There are some disease mechanics (just plague) but they feel rather gimmicky right now.I'm sure I missed a few things I could talk about, I don't typically write reviews. That being said, I seea lot of potentialin this game. It has a great looking and approacable asthetic and a pleasant mix of city building and combat. It doesn't gush it but it has personality. I hope to see the game get a lot of future devlopment, whether that be free updates or some form of DLC. This game has appealed to me in ways games like Banished have failed to do so. It's the perfect balance of casual fun with micromanaging and creative stategy. Rather than rant on and on about all the great ideas I have for this game, I will end this review now with an arbitrary numerical score! Woohoo!----------7.5/10----------In conclusion, This game doesn't need much work at all to be a solid 8 in my eyes, and with some real dedication from the dev(s?) it could really be something even more special. I have no intentions of putting this game down anything soon either in case that will effect anyones purchasing decision. So, for me, easily 20+ hours I will estimate being at 14 now, at at $10 price point. I'm a happy buyer!"
76561198240883770,Recommended,569480,33706667,Posted: 21 July,all,ПЯТКОВ,"Very enjoyable gamea few small issues need sorting out,other than that price is exceptable for what it offers at the moment.8/10"
76561198120824397,Recommended,569480,33711854,Posted: 21 July,all,Casey Pohlmeyer,Game Experience So Far:1. Start off by admiring art design and the simplistic beauty of game in front of you.2. Get kinda worried because a dragon came over to look at your little kingdom.3. Forget that Dragon ever came and focus on gathering wood and stone.4. Get upset because Dragon came back and burned your people alive in their homes.5. Kept gathering materials all the while forgetting that there are threats to you.6. Get really ♥♥♥♥ing upset because you don't have any way to stop the Vikings that are invading.7. Only build Castle Walls around Kingdom because I'm butthurt.8. Become extremely ♥♥♥♥ing upset because you forgot to feed your people while you were building walls.9. Everything is finally working out and then Vikings bring Ogres to invade all while a Dragon is burning my Kingdom.10. Tell myself that I finally know what I'm doing and I'll do better on my next playthrough.11. Repeat
,Recommended,569480,33713861,Posted: 21 July,all,The Ridiculous Rav,"My Steam hours aren't quite accurate, I have ~10 hours on the game not 5I don't like RTS games because I like the big and sprawling villages I build to be permanent. I don't like having my entire town wiped out because some dude on the opposite side of the world built up a trillion air units and then decided to wipe out all my progress over the last two hours in one big bombing. Kingdoms & Castles takes all of the city-building of an RTS and adds permanence to your actions.Kingdoms & Castles has lots of variety and very pretty artwork, especially in the beginning of the game; buildings are distinct, have lots of character, and are fun to look at. As your city grows bigger, you'll start developing sections and it honestly does look like you're building a sprawling city by hand. The games biggest flaws lie in the end-game however;I've pretty much fully developed my entire island in ten hours (my first 5 was on a beginner island which got so wiped out that I decided to make a second one). At the point in the game I'm at, literally the entire island is walled off with maximum height castle walls, double layer thick, with ballistas and archers at every-other space. Dragon attacks literally have never burned down a single house of mine ever during the game, but every time Vikings invade their Ogres will always smash down one wall and then smash up some buildings in my town. Its ceased to feel ""dangerous"" or ""unprepared"", because they just have so many that it's impossible for my units to keep up.Storage systems in the game aren't communicated well. It doesn't tell you where your stuff like tools are stockpiled, so you'll be stuck wondering why the hell your blacksmiths aren't supplying your quarries with tools; it's because they're sending them elsewhere and you can't delegate where they are sent to. Villagers are really helpless (aside from auto-assigning themselves jobs) in that they will actively starve because their heads-of-household will go off on construction or repair jobs instead of bringing food to their households. Soldiers, also, won't eat food if they're stationed on castle walls that aren't near markets which is stupid; why do I need to build markets along castle walls, why don't they just go to the houses that they're living in and eat. I constantly have peasants starving because they won't go home and eat at the markets nearby their houses.Wells are too critical to town survival; a well near every structure will basically ensure that it is never able to be ransacked by anything except Ogres. You could go the entire game without buying a single archer tower, as long as you're keen enough to repair all the farms that Ogres smash.The #1 thing that I would like to see added into the game is larger islands with less rivers. As it stands, I've yet to see an island with a sufficient sized landmass; they're all islands with a river between it, with what I feel isn't enough land. I wish there was an option for small/medium/large worlds in addition to the choice of their difficulty (atm there's peaceful/normal/hard difficulty in the game).That being said, I did get 10 hours of gameplay out of Kingdoms & Castles and I can't honestly say that $1/hr isn't worth a buy. Just beware, the game isn't perfect; If you don't enjoy it within the first 2 hours, feel free to refund it because it doesn't really expand beyond that point."
76561197995396914,Not Recommended,569480,33731322,Posted: 22 July,all,Kolhammer,"i was looking for a fairly relaxing city building game with a little bit of challenge. i love the look and feel of this game, but i would not recommend it until they fix the incredibly frustrating fire mechanics.every minute a fire breakes out somewhere - it is as if the town is full or pyros! i have wells everywhere but these rarely prevent the whole building being destroyed - then you have to manually destroy each individual block and rebuild. my hospital and church (made of bricks!) have burnt down over a dozen times (EACH) in a playy through - one i did not even finish because i will no longer be playing this until i see a patch that addresses this - or adds an element - such as fire fighters that actual prevent you having to rebuld all the bloody time.random fires actually cause more damage than vikings and dragons combined!this is such a great game made unplayable - PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!"
76561198027337323,Recommended,569480,33732975,Posted: 22 July,all,jrs2189,"Cute game, not super in depth and needs some balancing.But, for the price, it's fantastic.I do recommend it if you are looking for a well done town builder."
76561198264624097,Recommended,569480,33798722,Posted: 25 July,all,Goku,"Really fun... But it could have more potential in adding more enemies, more buildings, and having a much more bigger map"
76561198081885719,Recommended,569480,33802199,Posted: 25 July,all,Ted!,"The game has a Fantastic Art style that i hope will get even more improvements as the times goes.The mechanics of how you control your peasants is lovely, as they do alot of the needed stuff by themselves, putting out fires and what not. It'd be nice if you had the possibility to have more micromanagement though.I can go on for a long time about the small details to animations and small cool features, but you should just buy the game and try them out for yourself instead!"
76561198023257035,Recommended,569480,33807908,Posted: 26 July,all,Starbucaneer,"This game is a little gem!Bought it yesterday and played for 12 hours on middle difficulty. (I don't play logged in online so my actual play time dooes not show).Very good fun. Simple clean graphics very pleasing to the eye. The whole game is very well balanced. Runs smoothly, even though I had 500 populations four Viking Hordes raiding and a storm rolling in.The game decieves in its percieved simplicity. Rewards careful planning and wise use of resources to avoid blundering into an economic melt down. Constant threats of invasions, dragons and the weather all have to be kept in mind and planned for if you dont want your beautifully functional city brought to its knees in ruin.Love the flooded fields mechanic (that caused a food crisis the first time I encountered it).Only encountered one bug where my Heroes were fighting Viking hordes and got stuck but remedied by saving exiting and reloading.Altogether the game ranges from a relaxing and entertaining city builder on easy to a nail bitning balancing act on Hardest. I favour the middle ground on normal speed (not on fast forward as most youtubers seem to play it) Fast forward can have disatrous consequences if things begin to unravel).Looking forward with relish to the upcoming addition of Merchants and Harbours.10/10 from me personally"
,Not Recommended,569480,33830483,Posted: 27 July,all,SooFluffy,This game is ok.Even on fast time passes very slowly.  Not having any control over priority is a problem and it would be nice to have a rebuild button for rubble.  On hard attacks are frequent and increase in size quickly.Banished is a better similar game although I do like the viking and dragon attacks in this game.Timber and Stone is another much better game that does include the attacks mechanics but it is still (and likely forever) unpolished/unfinished (although pretty playable)
76561197967470392,Recommended,569480,33835563,Posted: 27 July,all,^1Red ^0Shirt,I am on a toss up for this game for the most part it seems alright. My buggest qaulm with it is a lot of times I feel like I get hit back to back with the Vikings then the Dragon. So to often I get a double whammy. I have since been able to fight them off but still to get this that point quite a lot of frustration.
76561198015848907,Recommended,569480,33838843,Posted: 27 July,all,Pug | skinhub.com,"This game is loads of fun. It throws so much into itself to keep you busy, from lack of resources, to no workers avalable you always have something to be fixing. I've had this game for about two days and I can already say it's become a fast favorite. The art style is amazing, and fun, the way the peasants are actaully an important part of the kingdom is amazing. Putting out jobs for them, expanding the town so that you can bring in more people to expand even more is just an amazing thing. THe periodic attacks from vikings, or dragons keeps you on your toes, and forces you to build up defences quickly so they don't destroy what you have created. It's like a top down survival game to be honest. It has the elements of a food bar that open world survivals have, as well as the need for materials to build things to keep your people safe. My two favorite types of games a RTS, and survival so this game is perfect for me, and anyone who has the same interrests in games. I hope this review helps whoever got this far in it, and I hope you buy this amazing game!"
,Recommended,569480,33841833,Posted: 27 July,all,Plant,"Great game, needs more stuff to do. Multiplayer! Make this like Age of Empires or something."
,Recommended,569480,33870684,Posted: 28 July,all,CappleApple,Needs some optimization cause with a Ryzen 1700x 32GB of memory and a 1080 I am dropping down to 22 fps constant with 500 citizens.But gameplay wise this game is amazing and well balanced. Which is honestly really surprising.9/10 would play again.
,Recommended,569480,33898263,Posted: 29 July,all,jnFamousDaN,"I enjoyed this game as it was simple and short. There isn't as much depth but that's what made the game fun. The small wonderful maps that would populate is very relaxing to watch and look at.For 10 bucks, I spent 8 hours on it and did everything I wanted on it. I would consider this game a good buy."
76561197990517164,Recommended,569480,33899422,Posted: 30 July,all,PolyOne,"It's a simple and charming litttle town simulator. Not particularly deep or challenging, but I still enjoyed my brief run with it.Price is cheap and feels spot on for a small game like this."
76561198040951329,Not Recommended,569480,33903668,Posted: 30 July,all,VbHD,"Having played many other city builder games, starting with Caesar 3.While I do not hate this game, there are several rather basic features and design choices that make it very hard to like it. I understand how early access and indepentantly developed games need to grow and evolve, I believe there are several basic design choices that will make it very hard to significantly improve the overall game without those elements being redesigned from the ground up.Roads seem to need to connect to every building, and the placement of roads can only be made to other roads. While this is not a huge issue, it forces to player to spend more time than they should stuffing around with roads than they should. It should also be noted that the games building/tile size is quite large compared to most city builders, making the wasted space on roads quite significant, as a road takes up the exact same space as a basic home does, or even a quarry.While I can see my population and idle workers, I have no interface that seems to tell me anything about my workforce. I can manually close down the staffing of certain buildings, but I have no greater control over the workforce in a simple interface to make greater decisions. For anyone familiar with this, I would refer you to the workforce interface used in Banished, which achieves this very well.You can build a castle addition called the treasure room. As expected it collects tax from residents. You cannot turn off the workforce on this building. So once it is built, you are consigned to demolish it, or keep the workers assigned to it.The interface in general is quite cumbersome, with elements taking up more space than I would like, and displaying less than I would like.I will try to update this as I play it, but at the moment, I would warn anyone against experienced genre city builder players from bothering."
76561198200384106,Recommended,569480,33982651,Posted: 2 August,all,Nick,This game is one of the best city buliding games i ever played.
76561198108168201,Recommended,569480,35293651,Posted: 29 September,all,The Fuzzy Alliance,"Like this game this review will be sort and simple. I am a big fan of this game. It has a low learning curve and most things are easy to figure out. The game is short on features and late game gets very slow and dry. That being said, the game is being updated continuously and it's only $10. I think this game is definitely worth the price and would recommend it to anyone looking to try a nice simple relaxing city builder for a few hours. The art design works well as well."
,Recommended,569480,33680942,Posted: 20 July,all,sparkles,"Kingdoms and Castles is an excellent sim game, in the vein of the old Caesar strategy games.  The pixel art is adorable, and the music and sound fits the game perfectly.  It is an economic sim - there are enemies, but gathering lumber on the first play through is harder than any combat I've dealt with.  I would highly recommend this game to anyone interested in economic sims or building games."
,Recommended,569480,33702963,Posted: 21 July,all,ferris euler,scratches that impression games itch
76561198037312407,Recommended,569480,33703622,Posted: 21 July,all,Kenshin_sk,Nice and relaxing however after a few hours you build everywhere you can and there is nothing left to do.
76561197998493007,Recommended,569480,33703704,Posted: 21 July,all,g-dog,Fun little sandbox game. Reminds me of Settlers with a mixture of cute city building mixed with defending your town from enemy raids. Highly recommended for the price
,Recommended,569480,33725782,Posted: 22 July,all,Smaloki,"Great little game, a strategic city planner with a certain ""Anno 1602"" flair. A little light on content at first glance (hoping for an add-on, or maybe some post-release content updates), but still a lot of fun.Controls are simple and straight-forward, graphics are okay (nice artstyle, decent execution), sound is good and gameplay is great (maintaining a functional settlement becomes more complex as the game goes on, although difficulty does eventually decrease once all production cycles are implemented—this is were more buildings + more events could add some welcome challenge to the game).Solid game, certainly worth 10€ in my opinion."
76561198007471493,Not Recommended,569480,33731786,Posted: 22 July,all,dsjtcam,"It's a cute, quirky city/castle builder excellent for people who are new to the genre, but it lacks depth and replayability. If you're looking for a city simulator to kill your summer off with, look elsewhere. If you love the concept and attractive artstyle the game presents you with, it's cheap and affordable, so give it a shot. Not my cup of tea though."
,Recommended,569480,33755422,Posted: 23 July,all,Blood,Amazing game for the price. Could use some improvements in optimization though. I have a GTX 960 and once i almost filled up the map im getting around 20-30 fps after getting 60 for the first couple hours.
76561197967421109,Not Recommended,569480,33998027,Posted: 3 August,all,kabbi,This game is fun for the first 8 hours or so then it just becomes a little dull. I do think the price could be lowered a tad. I did enjoy my experience but I wouldn't recommend this game for how little content there is beyond vikings and a dragon. I might continue to play if they add more content.
76561198017702901,Recommended,569480,34017052,Posted: 4 August,all,Smithskrieg,"Kingdoms and Castles is a very casual society builder with enemy attacks thrown in. I spent about 30 hours on my first Kingdom crafting it to perfection. By that I mean solving starvation, resource build-up, food distribution, defenses, and so forth.Enemies - Enemies will attack in the form of a small dragon, a large dragon, and vikings. Dragons are fairly easy to handle if you have an evenly placed defense throughout your kingdom. As long as you have wells covering your buildings, dragons won't be much of a problem. Vikings are a different story. As your kingdom grows, Viking attacks will grow in size. The only way to stop Vikings from attacking is to build castle walls around the entire island which takes quite a bit of resources and manpower. A few times the Vikings destroyed a lot of my Kingdom, but once you get your defenses and manpower issues straightened out, you should be fine.Overall, it is a very satisfying game when all of your citizens are fed and you have a Kingdom of over 1000+ population with 100 overall happiness.I thoroughly enjoyed the first 30 hours of gameplay on my Kingdom and will return to this game once more updates roll out. I am looking forward to the fishing update!TL;DR: For $10 you can get about 20-40 hours from start to finish with your first kingdom. It is definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,569480,34067535,Posted: 6 August,all,S_C_S_I,"Picked up Kingdoms and Castles by chance while browsing my Steam 'Featured & Recommended' list. Got drawn in by the nice graphics and of course the game being a city builder. The early & mid stages of the game can be quite challenging as there is no tutorial, and you are under attack from vikings & dragons. Somewhat surprising the latter doesn't provide any challenge during the end game. While I completed all achievements, the end game proved to be quite a grind as you need to optimize your city layout on the limited, available land space. At this stage there is no replayability. Hopefully the devs will add more challenges, building options and other things to keep you busy.Concluding: a nice little game if you like city building, but don't expect alot of building options/upgrades to be present in the game yet.Score: 6/10Pro:+ cute visuals+ sandbox+ low priceContra:- the sandbox is limited- after a certain time, the dragons & vikings are no longer a treat and the grind to complete all achievements begins- still some graphic bugs present- feels unfinished; devs are working on more content"
76561197999413547,Not Recommended,569480,34084806,Posted: 7 August,all,VAPE NATION VΛ,"The game isn't finished, it's a basic prototype. It's shovelware and should cost about $2-5 max, not $10. $10 is too close to a game that actually has content. Second, it has major usability bugs. For example, ogres will attack your town and destroy a LOT of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The difficulty isn't a problem, but the only way to kill them is to have troops. Now here is the huge bug, you cannot command your troops to actually attack the ogre, you have to constantly tell them to walk to the ogre, and there are about 5-8 ogres attacking at once. Seocnd, the ogres move really fast for large units, constantly changing where they are to destroy new thigns. It's very very difficult to kill one, and your town will get leveled pretty hard because you simple can't control your own units that you produced an adequate amount of. Second, ogres can walk anywhere, even inside of homes. But your own troops can't walk over a farm. So when ogres get inside/around farms/houses etc you have to demolish them so that you own troops can get near them. Now if the ogres get deep inside your homes it's over because you have to destroy all the homes just so your units can get inside, but even then the ogres run as fast as your units and they keep moving so it's impossible to keep up with them anyway. Major elements of the game are missing, this is clearly prototype-wear being shoveled on the steam store for money, again."
76561198077021976,Not Recommended,569480,34093483,Posted: 7 August,all,philbind,"This is a straight-forward sandbox building game and while it's interesting, it's hard to really spend much time with.  Though the different shapes of the island offer many unique possibilities, the vikings are able to simply walk across very deep water.   Considering this, the winning stategy was to simply rebuild following every raid, or have a slowly expanding box.  With even minor tweaks (more varied buildings and threats, a less costly and more effective army, Vikings that aren't Micheal Phelps, smarter AI) this game could be really fun.  As it is now, Strategic Box Manager really isn't fun for more than one playthrough."
,Recommended,569480,33680213,Posted: 20 July,all,Nevida,It´s very nice and good animated ... had no bugs or things like that ... only one thing i have to say i can´t read the house´s info textes because the letters are so small maybe you could make them bigger :)
,Recommended,569480,33680823,Posted: 20 July,all,Alduin,"While this game does not have many structures to build, and a few bugs, I had a large amount of fun while playing. This game uses the features it has extremely well and provides a significant challenge once the viking raids and dragons become more common. It is like Banished but I find this game to be better due to its better designed UI and art style. It also helps that the dev team has a discord serer set up so they can easily hear community feedback and learn of bugs quickly. Something that stuck out to me was when a player reported a bug he was having with the main menu and the devs responded to him almost instantly. This tells me that the devs are trying to make this game into the best it can be and i look forward to seeing what they add in the future."
76561198109338885,Recommended,569480,33684300,Posted: 20 July,all,Live150,"Game is worth while, but no direct tutorial. The graphics are nice, also enjoy the weather patterns. For 10 bucks it is well worth the investment into their project."
76561198020338136,Recommended,569480,33686312,Posted: 20 July,all,Anton,"I bought this game the minute i have seen it in the featured box. Love these types of games, city building and a nice one with this mediaval theme going on. Simple gameplay, just pay attention to small details and be prepared for winter always. nice game, sure worth the money!!"
,Recommended,569480,33696802,Posted: 21 July,all,Ferris Hole,Great little game with good replayability. Can't wait to see what the dev adds in the future!
76561198279382185,Recommended,569480,33701096,Posted: 21 July,all,static,"A medieval simcity where you get attacked by vikings, ogres and dragons? What's not to like?"
,Recommended,569480,33704307,Posted: 21 July,all,Angel De La Muerte,"In short: it's officially not Early Access, but it really is. Despite this, I have hope and reccomend it. For further info, read below...Very much so a work in progress, Kingdoms & Castles is another one of the dozens of games that while not officially used by the Early Access format in order to show players a particular game early and allow for indie devs funding to continue the game, this is very much what the game is. As for my thoughts, it is something that I never thought I wanted, yet am both surprised an happy with what I found. Very much like the mobile games Clash of Clans and other such titles, the game simply takes that formula and removes the long wait times, providing a faster and more enjoyable expirience. But what really made this game stand out to me was the level od detail that goes into every single citizen. Much like Civilization, you number of citizens matter. But unlike civilization, these villagers are distinct, with names and skills, the latter of which grows as they work on particular tasks, improving efficiency as they age and yes, eventually die. The game creates something interesting and fun enough while not being too generic to be annoyingly bland and boring. The game does stand out at least somewhat and is much more than worth the meager 9.99USD I payed. At about 6 hours of playtime as of the writing of this review, I have acquired some insight on the game and here is a truly great piece of advice for anyone starting the game for the first time; play about an hour or two of the game mode where there are no enemis attacking you to understand how the game works, and you will be much better off than I was. As for content, it is rather light at the moment, but updates are inbound, so hopefully this game does get legitimate support over time to add more content and not end up like so many other games like this that crash and burn. As for whether to buy it or not, I will say that this game is a bit of a gamble. There are so many games like this that are never truly completed, and this one may very well suffer the same fate. But, I have hope for this game, as the base version still has enough substance to stand on it's own, and with that amount of work put in by the development team, with the first update already not just in production, but the details already concretely established withing a few short days of release is a good sign that this game will not grind to a halt, and will (hopefully) continue to evolve and grow. Besides, as far as gambles go, 9.99 is not much compared to some official early access pricepoints of 19.99USD or even 29.99USD in some cases. Kingdoms and Castles is a game that I think will eat up quite a few hours of my life, and entertain me for quite some time. In fact, I think I'll go play it right now. You should too."
76561198075628034,Recommended,569480,33707081,Posted: 21 July,all,Little Sloth,its pretty good
,Recommended,569480,33709444,Posted: 21 July,all,demonsurge,"Yes, this game will get pretty boring after 5-6 hours. Threw in an extra couple somewhat unfun hours doing a grind at the end.For 5 hours it kept me in it, trying to figure out different aspects of the game. If you value your entertainment well spent for a couple dollars an hour, its worth it. If you think 10 bucks should keep you in the game for weeks, it probably isnt the game for you.Probably wont play again until there is more content but absolutely dont regret buying it for the few hours of entertainment it was."
76561197993331856,Recommended,569480,33722661,Posted: 22 July,all,"[bort ,.] Robot Scorpion","This game is really fun.  It doesn't have a tutorial but the advisors are all you need to be able to make an awesome kingdom.  The art style is wonderful.  There is enough content for you to get hooked to this game but more content is on the way.  If you think it looks cool and you're on the fence to buy it, just do it.  You can always refund it."
,Not Recommended,569480,33733187,Posted: 22 July,all,SoBe,"Honestly I did not like the game as much as I thought I would. Especially the dragons, those dragons can go to hell."
76561197996375739,Recommended,569480,33736206,Posted: 22 July,all,GlopPaglop,An honourable heir of the Caesar/Pharaoh/Zeus serie from Sierra (many mechanisms are very much inspired if not identical) which is cool if you like the genre. I find the art part really gorgeous. The main flaw to me is that you see the end of the loop quite quickly.
76561198178770245,Recommended,569480,33736367,Posted: 22 July,all,wiegerdv,"Great game, absolutely worth the money. Bought this game with my girlfriend while traveling through Japan. Ruined 2 vacation days on this. Totally worth it. Thanks to this game we now barely have enough time to visit everything that we wanted to visit!Just a few points to make the game even better (although its already great enough to play, but these suggestions could help keeping players interested for a longer time)The game is still rather small:- Unlocking new buildings would be great, something with education, scientist etc. to do so?- A better logistic system. Because right now all stuff must be very local to make sure everyone has food etc. Due to this its impossible to make a single great food area. instead the game forces the player to scatter the farming plots all over the game. Something like a central point for certain resources could fix that with a better distribution. Also maybe add carts so that villagers can more efficiently move stuff.- Hitpoints. It would be great to see how much damage is done to dragons and orcs, just to see how far the player has gotten.- Its a bit frustrating to remove all the rubble every time after an attack- Maybe add ships and multiple island- Please add prioritizing constructions or other tasks- advanced troops, with different weaponsWeird stuff that has been happening:- Dragon is making a weird buffing movement before spitting fire- An ogre got stuck in the water after his ship sunk. he also couldnt be killed- sending troops at an enemy, fighting started, but if the enemy walked further the troops would automatically disengage ( maybe also add a roam, or autoprotect function for troops)"
76561198070856656,Recommended,569480,33737652,Posted: 22 July,all,HippieNade,"This game isawesome!!the first stretch of playing was8 hrs. I didnt even really notice that it was morning by the time I was done. If there could be multiplayer, AI castle genertion (to find other castles to command or destroy), more buildings and jobs for the workers, trade (as said merchants). Then this game is an ista10/10. But right now I have20 hoursinto it and just cleared my first1000citizens.edit: I now am trying to get to 3k but its hard maintaining such a large population with limited land.Things I thought could make this game better:-Naming of the town squares. This could add for notifications when builds get destried or when people are hungry or cold in their homes. exp. people of North Wood are under attack-Make it so you can have citizens clear out a stockpile to another for better organization. exp. move all armarments to another location-Larger scale.. if multiplayer is imlemented by making it so you can travel to other lands. The AI generation of cities could also play that same way.As I play ill think of more and add to this review.But this game is indeed addicting. Pick it up, support the devs and lets have a well supported inde city builder!!"
,Recommended,569480,33738790,Posted: 23 July,all,gabbaba1234,"This game is easy and relaxing. This really serves as the videogame equivalent of eyebleach. For example, play dark souls 3 and throw [insert random electrical equipment] into wall, or alt f4 and start this game. Serves it's purpose well.Don't expect challenging mechanics. Maybe devs will expand upon the base in the future."
,Recommended,569480,33787240,Posted: 25 July,all,Araxen,This is a very fun game especially for the $10 pricetag it sells for. This game is a mix of SimCity + some tower defense in a medieval fantasy setting.
,Not Recommended,569480,33838219,Posted: 27 July,all,tacityl,"This is a very pretty game.  It's just not a very good game.There are a lot of balance issues.  It's very easy to get yourself stuck without the ability to progress.  You often get into a downward spiral of having to close resource producing buildings just to get workers, but then you're stunted on resources.  The happiness mechanic needs a lot of work, and seems to be broken.  Attacks come way too soon before you can even get a population large enough to produce enough resources to build defenses.I enjoy city building games, and I really applaud what this game is trying to do.  It just doesn't do those things as well as nearly any other game in its genre."
76561198108895138,Not Recommended,569480,33899634,Posted: 30 July,all,Tankkirules,if you wanna buy this game just wait when its deveploment more cause there is not much in the game yet you can play it like max 4hours but after that is boring and Imbossible cause-Somehow Ppl cant get to food if they are far of the Granary and they are gonna starv to death-add Repair button cause its very stupid that you have to delete that rubbish first and then build the Building again-Champion is glitching like hell it just keeps vibrating on ground-There is not many buildings in the game yetbut afterall its really good game when you just wait for updatesbonne chance aux auteurs :)
76561198153683410,Recommended,569480,33907709,Posted: 30 July,all,Saint Aldritch,keep the new features coming plz and dont bother with VR thingsgg
76561198008227814,Recommended,569480,33946574,Posted: 1 August,all,AlchemistDoll,"Kingdoms and Castles is the simulation, city building game I've been looking for for a while now.  The overall, the game is pretty decent.  You need to balance your industry growing resources (wood, stone and later gold) while making sure that you have food and storage under control to keep everyone fed.  There is also a third balance to keep in mind, happiness.  This balance has less of an impact on the game but, still prevents new people from coming and can result in people leaving your kingdom.While this game is enjoyable, it is not without some serious issues.  I'm currently playing through the game on easy mode, which makes me seriously question what the hell hard mode is going to be like.  There are four types of disasters you can face in this game:  Fire, Plague, Viking, and Dragon.  Fire randomly happens to buildings at any time, including wells, stone walls, and ballistas.  Plagues happen with less frequency and are addressed by only a single building, the hospital.  The vikings and dragons, once they come, they come with an ever increasing frequency that is unforgiving.  In my game year 44, which is barely enough time to have a decent defense going on, I was dealing with two natural fires, a plague, a viking raid, and a dragon attack all at the same time.There also appears to be an issue with vikings able to walk across open water.  I had built a defensive wall to keep a penisula and command landing area for vikings walled off and push them into a choke.  Instead of trying to use the ogres to knock down the walls and get past my choke, the vikings walked on water around the wall and set buildings on fire beyond it instead.Another level of irritancy in the game are the advisors.  In my wonderfully above mentioned Great Disaster of 44, my happiness was knocked down to -17 and I was having a food shortage due to everyone putting out fires and food not being gathered.  The advisors, who I switched to ignoring anyway, would not shut up about building more granaries I didn't need or how I was a terrible ruler because they were unhappy."
76561198122186227,Recommended,569480,33985051,Posted: 2 August,all,LoganMB977,"** If you're expecting a completed game, you're in the wrong place **Given this game has been in early access for around two weeks, it's got a lot of potential. It's engaging, thoughtful, but at this stage, of course it needs more content and depth which will come (like with most early access games). The graphics and soundtrack are excellent as well."
76561198215636101,Recommended,569480,33986806,Posted: 3 August,all,tpunko,"The over all concepte of the game is great. The thought process and ideas put into so this game is great. Challenging you on how to play the game. This game just got related so there is something I dislike and want to change including, better task managing, better movement of troops, and hotkey, to name a few. But over all for the game just coming out it is fun to play."
,Recommended,569480,34139597,Posted: 9 August,all,Chynuh,"Early game is fun but as of now when you expanded to the the rest of the island it starts to get boring.Even one of the main objectives to protect your kingdom gets boring, because after they get ogre you just then start to repair things. One thing the devs can do is add ai kingdoms that you can go to war with and take over kingdom and add it to yours. And you could make it so they are on other islands and you have to make boats to invade their land. But i still do recommend this game. And for that reason i give it a 5/7"
,Recommended,569480,35287499,Posted: 29 September,all,Omnipotent,If you want to spend like 5 - 10 hours building a city its good but its not at all replayable because its just boring after you make your first kingdom. So if you are looking for a 1:1 usd:time I guess this game will cover u for about 10 hours maybe even less if you're experienced. Otherwise its a good game anyways too bad that my GTX 1070 was getting 8 FPS with 2200 residents when vikings invaded.
76561198024057965,Recommended,569480,33686177,Posted: 20 July,all,dank memes,"First of all, this game just got released and the devs said big updates are coming, so..yeah!The game have no story, and I don't say this is a problem at all. They made it very simple, noob friendly and quite easy even on hard mode (people complaining about viking constant attacks, don't know how to manage an empire heh).Pros:-The graphics are amazing, simple but charming-The first 2 hours of the game is so much fun, very challenging to manage everything-Very good empire sim management, if they could add more resources and more buildings, it'll be really great-The weather system is nice, I think the ""winter/snow"" should be longer to affect food production on a greater scale-GREAT potential to be a stronghold like game, with even better possibilitiesCons:-Kinda boring after you have more than 400 civs on you empire, so no replayability-The AI for the units are not so good (the vikings dudes dosen't matter after you close all borders with walls, just the ogres does, which can be killed very fast in the end game with units and archer towers)-Have no priority system on buildings (which is a true pain when building walls and have to manage to take down the fire that cames out of nowhere on your buildings)-Happiness have no meaning at all, no difference on 50 and 100. Never came close to less than 40 even on hard.,-Some buildings have also no meaning (the grand meal hall and the centaur statue?), and gold currently is close to useless, only paying soldiers and buying moat in the end game (which one line is useless protecting against ogres)Some wierd things:-Viking ships sometimes come inside the moats (one square) and destroy the bridges, and then, just go back and unload the units somewhere else(very annoying rebuilding).-The recruited units are kinda bugged, you must send them in the very same square of the enemy unit or they don't attackVery strange bug:-There is some bug I don't understand what is happening, which is: After you have more than 4 houses of the bigger one (forgot the name), they say ""can't reach charcoal"" even with an market just right to it, with full capacity on workers and lots on stock. So lots of happiness lost (which I don't care too much tbh)Some ideas for the devs possibly:-Shipyards, fishing, naval units. Vikings with cannon on their ships, ohh looks good in my mind lol-More artillery, different units, archers, knights, etc (which probably think adding it already)-More resources, like gold(mine), silver and other kinda of things-Wild animals for food/aggressive for killing unware villagers (wolves and bears maybe)-Make this game on a scale 1vs1 should be great, AI against you, age of empires like-A minimap would be nice the idea aboveAfter all said, the game is fun. Go ahead and try it out. 8.5/10And oh, play it on hard, the first mode is a joke and you'll get tired of it very quickly."
,Recommended,569480,33691744,Posted: 21 July,all,Kuman,"Bought this game thinking it would be a low budget Age of Empire wannabe, turns out to be a rather competent kingdom builder/survival game. Has a nice balance between chill and challenge.Loving it.Really wish there would be more variations to the map and enemies though... Hopefully it's already a planned thing."
76561198042187210,Not Recommended,569480,33707457,Posted: 21 July,all,solacedevotio,"There isn't much to it.  If it were in Alpha I would give it some time to get more things to do, but it's not.  After 2 or 3 hours I feel like I played the game to its fullest.  And I didn't really have a great time getting there.  It's just all very simple and shallow."
76561198043772543,Not Recommended,569480,33708464,Posted: 21 July,all,aerinyes,"It's really not very fun.Repetitive, simplistic gameplay with no real strategic depth, it plays a lot like a dunbed down version of Banished, including the random 'some idiot civilian just starved to death!' despite having nearly full bread.food stocks in the granaries and marketplaces.  Not that some random peasant starving to death is an issue, since they'll just be replaced in 13 seconds by a bunch of nomads anyways.Then of course, despite you being able to have people master skills?  You can't actually assign anyone in particular to work somewhere.  Grandmaster Farmer?  Yeah, you close the farm for some reason, he's going to wander off and do something else.  And when you get a farm going again?  Some random schlub takes the spot insdtead of the grandmaster farmer, who is now an apprentice breadmaker or something.And the combat...you can't tell your generals to go kill a specific group of orcs.  No.  You send them to a location at which they will fight people fairly close by...and then watch as they wander off to torch more buildings, forcing you to micromanage your armies.  Not fun.Reallyt the only solution i saw was just to wall everything off, probably on piers, and then put some ridiculously tall towers everywhere.  Also not fun."
76561198165245900,Recommended,569480,33708653,Posted: 21 July,all,ThatNerdNxtDoor,"I'm not sure if this is a bug or not, but one time, when my city was still a village, a forest fire, invading vikings, and a dragon all came out at once. When the vikings came close to the village and saw the dragon, they immediately turned around and ran back to their galleys. The dragon didn't do much either, just flew around and looked at my stuff.That just goes to show how realistic this game is."
,Recommended,569480,33710002,Posted: 21 July,all,Tuanta,Worth the $10 price tag but not much there.
,Recommended,569480,33711199,Posted: 21 July,all,Caffeinecold,"Most enjoyable city builder that I've played in a while other than Cities Skylines, nothing beat that game.Looks: prettyGameplay: funPrice: cheap"
76561198108166283,Recommended,569480,33711903,Posted: 21 July,all,GitGudM869,"One of the best city builders I have ever played. My only complaint is the maps are a little small. Also, ogres will wreak your buildings. 10/10"
,Recommended,569480,33714049,Posted: 21 July,all,Mirza1453,Nice medieval builder game. It reminded me of Stronghold and Age of empire series. Resource management is good. Looking forward to upcoming updates. It would be nice if the maps were bigger.
,Recommended,569480,33721574,Posted: 22 July,all,Pogo,"Looks great.Sounds great.Plays like an Anno-lite.The maps are too small and I went through all the medium-difficulty content within about 10 hours, but for $10 and the prospect of future improvements being made, it's hard not to call this game a win for light city-building enthusiants. This is a good base of a game to add onto with more buildings, map features, and special events and invasions. I can't recommend everyone buy this right now, but definitely be on the lookout in the future after some more updates."
76561198087032633,Recommended,569480,33724576,Posted: 22 July,all,Lord Drethin,"I have to say that i wasnt expecting much from the game. And i got exactly that.. nothing much. Its Simple, straight forward and simple to grasp. I would like to see more things added to the game such as more enemy units and a turtorial among other things and maybe even bigger maps... Like GIANT maps with rival kingdoms, maybe even sea travel with ports and trading. The game has at its core  every feature it needs, however its early access without the early access banner. I encourage buying the game. It will help them add more content to the game and there is a TON of potential to the game. I played the game for 5 hours straight after buying it and just had fun making my peasents happy and creating my city and designing it. In the games current state i'd have to give it a solid 4/5 stars. ( that will probably change in the future as the game updates ).TL;DR:Great Game with a lot of room to grow. Would and will reccomend. Keep this title on your Radar."
76561198044624767,Not Recommended,569480,33835231,Posted: 27 July,all,Zolutek,"The game offers a kind of old-school art and feel which is what I'm looking for.However, I was disappointed by how limited the gameplay was once I started to play the game.It has a terrible combat system and it lacks content:not enough buildings, upgrades, mechanics, statistics, challenges, difficulty, scenarios, goals, etc...It's nice to look at tho, but I don't think it's worth 10€.But hey, what do I know. Some people like to buy paintings for millions to hang on the wall to look at....Edit: Get it on sale or wait for some updates."
76561198163362819,Recommended,569480,33840475,Posted: 27 July,all,RaidunTheKarp Farmskins.com,"Good Game, can't wait to see more of content the Devs have planned."
,Recommended,569480,33868995,Posted: 28 July,all,jxtian,"Very promising, but need more content. More buildings and if possible wildlifes."
76561198052834695,Recommended,569480,33869469,Posted: 28 July,all,DarkAceZ98,Really fun game and challenging!
76561198211490373,Recommended,569480,33872281,Posted: 28 July,all,Hcraft04,Great game time flys when playing this
,Not Recommended,569480,33875891,Posted: 29 July,all,ShortEnglishman,"Great for the first few hours while learning the game, once you figure it all out, there is hardly anything to do.Music is great but there is a bug when zooming in closer to your city it gets louder."
,Recommended,569480,33914994,Posted: 30 July,all,Acebulf,"This game is a good city-building game. It is somewhat polished for an indie game, and I encountered no glitches whilst playing. It does, however, lack a lot of end-game features that you would find in other titles like the Anno series.I was hoping for a remake of something like the old Stronghold. (Maybe Stronghold 2, which despite being regarded as a ""not-good"" game in the series, is probably my favorite game of the sort) The army mechanics aren't very good and seem almost lumped in as an afterthought.I'd recommend the game if you're looking for a relaxing city builder game, and don't expect it to last more than 5 hours. If there was a ""meh"" category instead of a ""yes"" or ""no"" for this game, I'd choose that instead."
,Recommended,569480,33917122,Posted: 30 July,all,endersblade,"One word:  Simple.   There aren't a thousand different resources to gather.  None of them are limited.  Wood, Stone, Iron, Food, and Gold.  Beyond that there are secondary items, like tools, weapons, bread, and charcoal.  It's all easy to figure out.Beyond that, I'm of mixed mind.  I will mark this game as recommended, as ultimately I fell in love with it.  The problem is, the 'peaceful' mode where you don't EVER get attacked and can build freely gets really old really fast, simply because it IS a simple game.  Once you figure out the basic ratios of how many resources you need per population, you can cover the map extremely fast, and there's nothing left to do beyond that.If you play the modes where you get attacked, it does essentially the same thing.  Vikings start invading you in a small group, and grow into larger and larger groups, eventually including ogres.  Dragons have small and large versions.  The premise is basically build your town but this time you also have to defend it.  Which again you eventually figure out how to force the vikings to come from certain directions and fortify against attacks.  With a large enough population you will never have to worry about them getting through.  And with enough towers in mid-town, no dragons will pose a threat, either.  At one point I basically just AFK'd and let my town do its thing for an hour or so.  I never had to actually play.I get so tired of overly complicated city builders like the Settlers series, that require you to gather a ridiculous amount of resources, or the ones where resources are finite, or the ultra-difficult like Banished where you so much as misclick a building and half your population suddenly dies of dissentery.  A game like this one is nice to have a round, it's very slow paced, easy to play, and a great game to destress to.  If its simplicity doesn't turn you off, then I highly recommend checking it out.  Was worth every penny I paid."
76561198085042231,Recommended,569480,34144342,Posted: 10 August,all,xSpidersVenomx,Very nice game. Had trouble putting it down. Have already lost some sleep over it. Venom Gaming Highly recommends!
,Recommended,569480,35267470,Posted: 28 September,all,KAMARAD,"Fun game for the first few hours, but some silly glitches (enemys just walk around walls that are closed by water) and it gets boring fast enough."
76561198026896352,Not Recommended,569480,35314146,Posted: 29 September,all,BerryBomb,"I'm a big fan of city building/thriving games, so this seemed to be right up my alley. The game is interesting, I will say, but I'm often frustrated by areas that feel either unnecessary or really not fleshed out. Some big gripes:- Even a small, optional tutorial mode would be helpful to learn buildings and controls. For instance, the bakery takes food and makes bread.....which is then stored as food. Why is it a good thing to build this building? Does bread do something different? I also have NO idea what norias and the other water systems do, because they don't say in the description, and I'm not wasting time/resources building something without knowing what it does/why I should.- While the advisors were a fun idea, they feel almost useless. The city advisor is kind of okay, but I have only heard from the agriculture advisor if I was running out of food (or places to put food), and I don't think the military advisor has said a single thing. I would expect advisors to be guides, and they don't guide you; they seem to be there mostly to tell you inform you you've done something wrong after you've done it, when it's already clear. Their messages could pop up in the message feed, and it'd be just the same, and more convenient, because I wouldn't have to look back to my keep to see their message.TL;DR:If this were Early Access, I'd be pleased. If it were only $5, I'd be okay. But, at the price point it's at now, the game just isn't enough. I hope that, with some patches and updates, it can evolve, because there's something here - the game just isn't there yet. For now, can't recommend."
76561198072244015,Not Recommended,569480,33819381,Posted: 26 July,all,Shade,"Terrible combat system.Every battle turns into a hopeless game of tag as you're forced to micromanage every step of every division of your troops, as they will not follow enemies on their own and the enemies are too busy destroying your walls or burning your buildings to give a damn about your army.There is no other way to attack the enemy but to continuously click one step ahead of them and hope they don't make any sharp turns, because your troops won't attack them unless they're both standing on the EXACT same tile.Until they fix the combat in this game I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,569480,33845176,Posted: 27 July,all,Corrosion,nah. very weak. not worth more than 3 bucks.
76561198051503006,Recommended,569480,33679824,Posted: 20 July,all,Prins499 (TOOPK),Ravioli ravioli don't ignore the dragonoli.
76561198045103470,Not Recommended,569480,33789543,Posted: 25 July,all,mangoman65,"After playing for 14.7 hours, the game isn't too shabby considering it's just been released. That being said, as it stands the game itself is fairly bare bones and there quite a few aspects that will probably leave you feeling really frustrated further into a game.On the whole, it's a charming little city building game where you assume control as leader of a small little hamlet and oversee it's growth into a bustling medieval city whilst defending it against dragon attacks and vikings through construction of walls and towers.It's fairly simple to play, and the game essentially boils down to resource management, city planning and tower defence (think of bloons).The style is nice and it's easy to get drawn into planning the growth of you adorable little village on the first couple of playthroughs.With that being said unless you're willing to pateitnly wait for the team to chuck in a heap more content, i'd advise against parting withn your money just yet (though at £6.99 you're hardly missing out if you do).As for the cons, Viking raids get pretty irritating fairly quickly (who also, rather irritatingly have evolved jesus powers and can literaly walk across water for a short period of time), particularly when you're forever having to scramble villagers to defend your bustling city with towers that have about the comparative firepower of a slightly wet fart. Dragons aren't much better, but they're slightly easier to manage.They don't start appearing until a certain population is reached, and they can, if so desired, be switched off together by playing on easy mode, but in doing so, you strip one of the main features of the game away from the expirience.Tower defence is also currently meager at best, there's only two towers to select from (An arrow tower that shoots arrows, and a Ballista tower that shoots bigger arrows, only slower), and summoning an army to help bypass this predicament and improve your defence requires so much micromanaging of population, food, iron, coal, weapon stocks and blacksmith placement it's hardly worth the effort.Unless you're the kind of player who submits a detailed, planning permission approved, blueprint design of the schematics of your town to the local county council, then chances are you're probably going to be swamped with vikings later on in the game because you didn't build your walls in suitable locations or struggling to cope with keeping your town happy because you filled all your fertile farmland with pubs to help drown your loyal subjects neverending misery because everything (Including the town well) keeps being burnt down by vikings with anger management issues every three days.With that being said, if you browse the roadmap, it does look like the team seems well on their way to adding new content. Merchants will definitely add a welcome new dynamic to the paradigmn of the game and the prospect of raiding enemy towns and camps and doing a little more exploring on (hopefully!) larger maps!Kingdoms and Castles by no means is a bad game. However in it's current state,  I personally fine it a barebones, clunky and often a frustrating game to play and at present, though i do look forward to seeing how the game evolves in the coming months!__Summary____Pros__- Charming artsyle and nice little soundtrack.- Reasonably fun gameplay and slightly addictive at times.- Not a bad city management game.__Cons__- VIKINGS ARE A PAIN IN THE♥♥♥♥♥♥- Limited gameplay at the minute. City Building, resource management, infuriating tower defence and thats about it.- Clunky interface at present. Expect to do lots of clicking."
76561198047134587,Not Recommended,569480,33721318,Posted: 22 July,all,yellow,"Inferior in every way to Banished. Very small and completely flat maps (always an island). Everything is ugly, the only units that look alright are the invaders. For the gameplay issues this review gives a good summary:http://steamcommunity.com/id/reysonaquos/recommended/569480/And BTW clouds are ""screenshot only"" feature - you will want to turn them 20 seconds in the game as they are that annoying."
,Not Recommended,569480,33813230,Posted: 26 July,all,The Lizard King,"Its a unique game with an interesting idea however at the minute it lacks content,"
76561198023415985,Recommended,569480,33798047,Posted: 25 July,all,karl-lane29,Great game so adictive :) love it.
,Not Recommended,569480,33726178,Posted: 22 July,all,DearLeader,"I generally enjoy city builders and would prefer to give a neutral rating, but I also agree with the negative reviews that others have already posted. The key issue lies in the lack of content and depth; indeed, after playing less than an hour, I felt that I had more-or-less figured out the thrust of the gameplay and overcome most of the challenges inherent to the genre.The developers' ""roadmap"" for future updates does not inspire much confidence. While I do welcome new features like merchants and map gimmicks, other planned additions---such as Twitch integration and VR support---seem completely off the mark given the current insipidness of the presentation and gameplay.I am deliberating whether to return the game. For the same price, you can experience older but more fleshed-out city builders."
,Recommended,569480,33738116,Posted: 23 July,all,CardKun,I really enjoy this game ! :D
76561198090876846,Not Recommended,569480,33723269,Posted: 22 July,all,Captain Panties,"Good for kids or who want a really relax game. but NO if you want more challance gameplay.it look more like mobile game for me.Map and buildings are very limit.Just 2 type of foods ,farm and fruit.no livestock,no hunting.this made me LOL! like we are all vegetarian or someting! just eat dry bread all day :Pand you have to select tree one by one and choose to chop it. so boring:(with this price, you can find a couple good 2-3games that fun to play with."
,Not Recommended,569480,33757182,Posted: 23 July,all,Zombiecameron8,I feel like it should be a $5 game it just wasn't as fun as other city builder games and there is no real tutorial.
76561198057247574,Recommended,569480,33689957,Posted: 20 July,all,@n0bLe,"None of that chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just a solid game."
76561198250026216,Recommended,569480,34427243,Posted: 22 August,all,Jimmy Jimerson,Basically Civ 5 with autism. 10/10
76561197994862441,Not Recommended,569480,34130294,Posted: 9 August,all,Complex,"Playing this game ist like building a castel out of toy blocks with a toddler around. Every time you are beginning to heve something he topples it over. Here, evertime you have build up a little bit, it just burns down for no reason.Graphics are also the same...Bottom line: Just get some toy bricks and make shuere ther are no toddlers around..."
76561197999774613,Not Recommended,569480,34149137,Posted: 10 August,all,killmefool,fun game but dont exspect more then 12  hours of fun game play.ones you get to the stage were your serpluss food wood and stone and you hvae over 10 tower the game gets boring fast.the mane proble is there no end game  so one you hvae reached over 200 year your normly  un kill ablethere nothing to do end game and for that reson i can't recomend this it  feels unfinish
76561197993136066,Not Recommended,569480,34941512,Posted: 13 September,all,Cruach,No point.   Just plain boring
76561198034166453,Not Recommended,569480,34674054,Posted: 1 September,all,BihPlayaBih,"my game pretty much froze, i am at year like 10 and i cant build any houses any roads nothing.saved,reloaded,shutdown, nothing happens same stuff.i cant build anything roads or anything"
,Not Recommended,569480,34846773,Posted: 9 September,all,AlberichKaddin,"Bland, repeatitive."
76561198038133480,Not Recommended,569480,34630017,Posted: 31 August,all,eki_b,"Its just not fun to play. You build up your city, vikings come every 5 minutes and burn down half your city, battle controls are non-existent so making troops doesnt help, at all, whch makes the fun of building the city pretty much fade away. Fires break out frequently and randomly, burning down things you just built. Overall, its just not fun. Its tedious."
76561198065523648,Not Recommended,569480,34472845,Posted: 24 August,all,Starpackson csgolive.com,FFS spent all my time buidling a kingdom had the farms outside the walls i got raided but my peasents decided to work on the farms as they got slaughtered and there was nothing i could do.I wish there was a button to send all your workers home or all your farmers i will give it a postive review and rebuy the game if this happens Thank you and good day SIR
76561197968970197,Recommended,569480,34303883,Posted: 17 August,all,л4з0рр0в0ц сука,"This game is dope, I'm not gonna say why, just buy it"
,Recommended,569480,33725662,Posted: 22 July,all,XeeX,Good
,Recommended,569480,33724685,Posted: 22 July,all,Excalibur,"Love it, not a thing wrong with this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,569480,34080223,Posted: 7 August,all,Bearebol,Its Pretty Good But Its Too Expensive For This Kinda Game If Its Was 5$ I Would Have It Still But Its 10$ So I Asked A Refund
76561198080929576,Recommended,569480,33725133,Posted: 22 July,all,He Who Cucks All,I'm addicted.... help :/
,Recommended,569480,33710462,Posted: 21 July,all,Peeza,Such a good game I bought it twice
,Recommended,569480,33680764,Posted: 20 July,all,Narkulus,"Simple city builder with a bit of Banished and a dash of Stronghold in a Stonehearth style, minus the depth of those games. Building your city is a somewhat formulaic affair, house-quarry-forester-farm-etc. based on needs and not so much creativity. If you like these kind of games though, it's a bargain.Pros:PriceCute blocky graphicsPotato friendlyCons:Formulaic building orderNot a large variety of buildingsNot many production chains"
76561198064772424,Recommended,569480,34536897,Posted: 27 August,all,ToP TieR SkinheaD DemoN,"Personally, I think Kingdoms and Castles successfully delivers a city management experience with the theme of a medieval Hamlet to City progression.However, this game doesn't appeal to me in the sense that I feel it is sort of lacking. I'm unsure what specifically, but its just not a game I can see myself plunging hours into, which is what I look for in a game (Granted, that may not be what others are looking for, also). The art style is somewhat charming and simple, and I like what they've done with it. The mechanics are rather basic (Although slightly confusing at times), and short term aims are displayed through ingame help.What I didn't like, however, is the game's tendency to not explain things until after you've done them. For example, diving into the game, I didn't realise I would need stone for a well, essential in increasing villager life quality, so I placed my initial keep far from any usable stone (Which was something that threw me off, darker stone is unusable), so had to build roads to the other side of the map in order to actually get the stone. The happiness mechanic also confused me, as, despite having numerous happiness-generating buildings across my city, none of the villager homes were ever at sufficient happiness despite having checked all the building requirements (The city advisor kept saying I didn't have enough libraries or churches, despite having multiple of each throughout the city, getting the boarders and areas of effect right). I am unsure exactly how the game calculates random events, as at one point, around the beginning of my playthrough, a farm randomly set on fire and it spread to the others around it, destroying them, and set me back quite a bit, so that broke the realism for me and made it harder to recover that early in the game. Finally, a little feature I feel would be useful would be the inclusion of an arrow to direct the front of the building, as at numerous points I placed a building with a 1x2 area lengthways along a small alley (If you'd call it that), and was consequently unsure if it was accomplishing anything. Speaking of which, there is a lack of information in a lot of areas, yes the advisors give you pointers, but a lot of the time I was just unsure if what I was doing was right. Some people like that learning through experience part in a game, but I personally feel like I'm doing something wrong.There were also a few minor bugs, such as charcoal piles not being accessible to different houses despite the fact they should've been, the food collectors not using granaries right beside them, and instead going to one on the other side of my city, but being unable to get there in time before winter came and took the food in transit.Overall, though, I can see why this game is quite popular at the moment, and I'd say it does the job of being a city builder, accompanied with a charming art style and an appropriately-executed theme. I do recommend this game, but I stress that it didn't appeal to me in the ways that I was hoping.8/10, a nice themed city builder, with a few overlookable bugs, but not a game for me."
,Recommended,569480,35063474,Posted: 19 September,all,E X,If updates keep coming will be a very good game.
,Not Recommended,569480,33748779,Posted: 23 July,all,Chrusciki,"eh, very shallow game, not much to do, not worth the price.played 9 hours and got 10/12 achivments and pretty much beat the shallow, boring game.do not buy"
76561198127147997,Recommended,569480,33749975,Posted: 23 July,all,Pickel Rick,its a really fun game but i came to a point where i couldnt place anymore buildings pls fix that
76561198025345062,Recommended,569480,33763521,Posted: 24 July,all,Nov02,Really nice and relaxing :)
,Recommended,569480,33805836,Posted: 26 July,all,Giruvin,"This is great little game.. Very fun and just beautifull to look at, love the voxel art. No tutorial to speak of but its not really needed,"
76561198014361596,Recommended,569480,33808971,Posted: 26 July,all,Ramage333,Fun little game for about 4 hours. Not enough depth after that.
76561198122015562,Recommended,569480,33840376,Posted: 27 July,all,MrFox,"Awesome game  to play, i hope that we see more stuff to build."
76561198036994018,Not Recommended,569480,33866606,Posted: 28 July,all,Kaskoril,Too simplistic game with little content
76561198010013373,Recommended,569480,33977537,Posted: 2 August,all,deDeli,Gerçek bir k(i)rallığın olması gerektiği gibi Kare Kare :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKVZPjfI2Jw&t=280s
76561198074731862,Recommended,569480,33680561,Posted: 20 July,all,Toby,I love the game. Exactly what ive been looking for. Yet a lot could still be added. I would encourage devs to keep putting out content id even buy dlc
76561197970110799,Recommended,569480,33698433,Posted: 21 July,all,Yrrkoon,Pretty fun if you ask me! The low price makes it a no-brainer if you're looking for something to play.
76561198125075780,Recommended,569480,33716787,Posted: 22 July,all,Lich King,very good game i love thes game to much
,Recommended,569480,33731794,Posted: 22 July,all,<JJJ>,"Very fun and relaxing game, worth the money."
,Recommended,569480,33737782,Posted: 22 July,all,hisnameisbrett,"so dope! easy to get lost in for hours. polished visuals, chill music, balanced gameplay."
,Not Recommended,569480,33795055,Posted: 25 July,all,TheYear1000,"I came very close to 100% this game on 6 hours. Maybe someday, after a few content updates, this game will be worth $10."
76561198127290423,Recommended,569480,33917560,Posted: 30 July,all,TheRealPopTart,This game is amazing. I have been looking for games like this but I didn't like any of them. When I saw this I bought it instantly. <3
,Recommended,569480,33707675,Posted: 21 July,all,Lighttstrike,"This.. Game.. *Inhale-exhale*... IS THE BEST GAME OF IT'S KIND!I have 3 hours on this game already, have been wating for it for multiple months, and all the hype that I had led up too the most amazing game of it's kind, the possibilities are limitless, as long as you stay on your island. It blows me away every time I have played, the challenge is the salsa and the game is the chip. It's just fenominal. I'll be honest, if you haven't played this game then your simply missing out, I don't even appreciate these types of games and it made my mind explode! I recommend this to all and seriously- Kingdoms and Castles- you have stolen my heart and will be my favourite game of this genre in my opinion forever."
,Recommended,569480,33737581,Posted: 22 July,all,Too-DAMN-Much,"fun, has 21:9 support."
76561198120687560,Recommended,569480,33798109,Posted: 25 July,all,LOLcatGames360,"I am not really a fan of the controls, it may not be the best, but this game definatly has potential! :)"
76561198047480656,Recommended,569480,33798951,Posted: 25 July,all,lithoris,Addictive as F**K. Simple to learn but deep enough to suck you in.
76561198061689302,Recommended,569480,34025235,Posted: 4 August,all,Swepick,">Be me>playing on easy to learn the game>make a town>get attacked by vikings and dragons at the same time>get a constant attack every 5 min or so>have brand new building burn to rumble all the time>have a rain storm every 30 sec>lightning strikes houses evertime>they burn to rumble>re-build house that burned down>building catches fire while getting built>finally nothing is burning and i can go back to building a wall around my town>""Vikings are attacking""10/10 would get attacked again."
,Recommended,569480,33800426,Posted: 25 July,all,pearceorama,"[Updated: because, surprise, 11 minutes isn't enough time to write a well-informed review]-You can move the camera however the you want.[Original Review Below]I've only played for 11 minutes and considered a refund. I've decided against that for now because I'm holding out hope that VIVE support is added--though I recognize that this functionality hasn't been promised.It's mostly the blocky art direction that keeps me from getting truly invested in the game. Obviously I checked out the videos and screenshots before hand, but publications online praised the game for being pretty darn good so I gave it a shot. They aren't wrong but I still don't know that the game is for me. That is, unless it's in VR in which case I'd have a great reason to put on my Vive again.The game feels just a bit rough around the edges. Something feels just a bit unfinished about the game. That much should be evident in the fact that merchants and ports are coming in a future update. In spite of that, what really drove me to jump into the game was my love for Banished but also my desire for something a little more than Banished. Kingdoms and Castles raises the stakes on the Banished model by adding outside aggressive forces to the mix. It simultaneously simplifies the experience by eliminating the need to micromanage down to the individual villager level which I mostly like.There's a lack of options for controls and graphics settings across the board. I would like to control the pitch of the camera for instance. I would like to fully remap all of the keys. I would like to adjust the brightness in the game.The UI is chunky and simple but also feels a bit unrefined. A better introduction to the game while in the game would be nice. Nothing drawn out or laborious but some tool tips and a basic introduction from the outset would help me warm up to it a bit more. I mean, if you've played any city builder you probably know what to do and where to find things so a long tutorial about every aspect of the game would be unnecessary. More than virtually nothing would be great though.I am going to put in more time because I know there's a super fun Banished-like game in there but I have to get past the look and feel of the game first. Maybe if I can get over myself and what I want for a minute I'll actually enjoy something for a change.I am giving this game a recommendation because I think lots of people would or should check it out. But it's not scratching the itch I want it to. Yet."
76561198018475065,Recommended,569480,33842425,Posted: 27 July,all,AtreidesX,"Good, easy, cheap and addicting."
76561197978321178,Not Recommended,569480,33871258,Posted: 28 July,all,Osama'sPjamas,"Honestly theres nothing to do after 5 hrs of gameplay..... This is a full release game too not even early access! Given its only 10 dollars so cost of a movie ticket, though would prefer a movie."
76561198135157627,Not Recommended,569480,33871305,Posted: 28 July,all,bbqman101,didnt care for it theres just not enoph to do for any decent amount of time
76561198168689417,Recommended,569480,33936981,Posted: 31 July,all,Greatmate8,"Very much like banished, very much more fun though!"
76561198149835311,Recommended,569480,33701642,Posted: 21 July,all,Meezv,This game is digital crack.
76561198002555743,Not Recommended,569480,33731967,Posted: 22 July,all,panpiper,"I STRONGLY recommend NOT buying this game in the state it is in right now. There are aspects of this game SO buggy or SO badly implimented as to make some aspects of this game completley unplayable. For instance, armies, troops you might build to defend your island are SO POORLY implimented as to for all intents be non esistent. You might as well not build them, that's how useless they are.You can build armies, you can even with lots of futile button clicking sort of manage after a while to send them somewhere, but there is no way to actually tell them to engage the enemy. The only time they ever fight is if the enemy accidentally travels through the square they are in, whereup they will engage 'while' they are in the same square. You moving your army 'through' the square however will not do. This is just one of the many VERY poorly performing aspects of the game right now.If this was early access, I would forgive this as par for the course. Such things are to be expected in early access. However this game is NOT in early access and therefor it gets a bad review. Maybe after several more months of development it will be playable. Right now, in my opinion, this is an ungodly mess."
76561198016707912,Recommended,569480,33755603,Posted: 23 July,all,archenemy,"This is a charming little game that is just a little bit light on content. The main gameplay is just figuring stuff out, once that is done, it becomes an idle game. However I still recommend it because it is a fun little game while it lasts. Think of it as Banished with cuter graphics and more streamlined gameplay.Pro:- beautiful graphics- easy to use- fun and easy to understand mechanics (I especially liked farming with fertile lands, bakeries and windmills) that are still somewhat challenging- castle building with walls, moats, towers is fun- gives you dat old Settlers feel.Con:- After a while there is really nothing to do- Foresters work funny (they have to be near a forest to make forest, so if you figure that out too late, you used up all the nearby forests- Vikings are though AF, and somewhat unfair as they can attack from any direction- Not enough upgrades, after 3-4 hours you've seen everyything- Some features aren't explained. I still don't know what does donating to church actually do, and what the statue does.I'd definitely add some other stuff to the game like upgraded stone houses and roads and bridges, more defense types (there are 2 types of towers but both seem to be pretty similar, one shoots farther, thats all), wooden walls as quick walls, fishing huts, traps, and so on.A campaign mode would be welcome too, like a series of increasingly hard islands that have some story or additional quests there.But all in all, a nice game, especially for the price."
76561198120120855,Recommended,569480,33771430,Posted: 24 July,all,Aki秋,Cute and Fun to play.
,Recommended,569480,33778934,Posted: 24 July,all,[Fol9] Materick,"After playing the game for a bit, I can say I really enjoy it. It has nice blocky graphics, attacks from vikings and dragons, careful city design, and the developers are adding new content. My only real complaint is a bit lack of content right now and how you can't make your army lock onto the enemy. You have to make them walk into them. I'd love to see features such as better army management, more weapons, trading, and mod support."
,Recommended,569480,33797954,Posted: 25 July,all,Weston,"This game is a lot of fun right off the bat. Very similar to Banished in terms of gameplay, but the graphics and feel are amazing. The controls are smooth and fluid and don't hinder gameplay at all. Gameplay is addicting and will have you playing for hours. However, there are two flaws with the game that I came across during my first run. Chopping trees and clearing rubble requires two clicks. So, if you are trying to clear ten trees, that means twenty clicks. It is not horrible, but it does make the game somewhat tedious. The second flaw is how generals and army's work. Combat in this game is difficult to control. I would like to see a new panel added for combat to be able to switch between my different generals and their troops easier, and better coordinate my fights.Overall, the game is a solid 9/10I recommend!"
76561197970679807,Not Recommended,569480,33897704,Posted: 29 July,all,themissingk,"This game's AI is completely broken, and the resource hierarchy is completely unbalanced. It does not respond to instructions, and you need to manually ""turn off"" buildings to do anything -- ie, you have to micro manage building construction. The problem is that you can't because there is never enough workers / resources to accomplish anything. Additionally, there is no build queue, so you have to build things one-by-one -- the issue here is that you have to manually clear forests (buildings do not automatically cause your workers to chop them down any trees on the underlying tiles), and you cannot manually instruct workers to clear trees. Similarly, you cannot mark a swathe of trees to ""cut down"". Because you are limited by the resources available, and have no manual way to instruct workers / prioritize their work, it makes the game completely unplayable.Additionally, even in the ""easy mode"" that claims to be conflict free, you will get attacked *MORE* than if you are in the ""normal"" or ""hard"" modes. Horrible game, will request a refund."
,Recommended,569480,34079666,Posted: 7 August,all,Rifal,"FIX THESE PLEASE, CUZ IT'S ANNOYING-the Viking can pass trough water-the dragon can fly trough high wall (WTF)+easy to learn+easy to master+easy to build+too easy (because I played on easy mode)+but I also tried so hard on Hard mode haha+easy mode is challenging enough+hard mode is when try hard meet try hardmore update please, such as-wild animal around trees-time cycle Night and add some raiders on the night such as burglar or somekind else-pickpocket around the town, and add a jail also the jailor-maybe add some God, GOd of War or somekind else-add witch maybe-various punishment and equipment to punish the badguyThe conclusion isMORE UPDATE AND FEATURE PLEASEAND DONT LEAVE THE GAME ROTTEN"
76561198409674535,Recommended,569480,34189548,Posted: 12 August,all,luke25121999,Great game and has great potential but you get to a certain point where you can't do much else and it becomes tedious so more updates and it will be a straight 10/10
76561198161419216,Recommended,569480,34238125,Posted: 14 August,all,头皮发麻,very fun to play ~!
,Recommended,569480,34518426,Posted: 26 August,all,Jammy.Jacques,"This game is oddly addicting. It is a very simplistic game, and very much worth the $10. There is only one big complaint I have, adn would love to see in the future, an upgrading system. It kind of is there with the main castle, but I'd love to see it expanded upon. A solid 9/10"
76561198014900141,Not Recommended,569480,34496247,Posted: 25 August,all,killer492,"No depth. Honestly don't see what the great reviews are based on after five hours of play.  This game is, at best, a poor Anno 1503 knock-off with an option to build a castle. The castle building is, I think, only included to make the name of the game include the word ""castles"", because it adds almost nothing to the game play. The saddest part is the game is made 14 years after Anno 1503 and has worse graphics and less depth. At $10, maybe worth a few hours of play vs going to the movies, but you're probably only going to build a couple of cities before you delete it."
76561197970549427,Not Recommended,569480,34415141,Posted: 22 August,all,Slickgotee,Very basic game.
76561198025008983,Recommended,569480,34623817,Posted: 30 August,all,Scorba,"It's fun, but it's not a game.  It's a sim.  No concrete goals, no victory conditions, etc.But it is fun."
76561198200996967,Recommended,569480,34282371,Posted: 16 August,all,Centurion,"i love this game and is fairly easy to start out with but i would like a sandbox mode where you have unlimited resources and can be like the normal where vikings and drans attack, what does anyone think about this?"
76561198089693013,Recommended,569480,34337633,Posted: 18 August,all,JeaN,animations so cute
76561198310458516,Recommended,569480,34392804,Posted: 21 August,all,kingmancho7,This game is awesome.
,Not Recommended,569480,34366872,Posted: 19 August,all,Vizen,"It's fun for the first couple of times, till things start obliterating you, I recommend more enemies and maybe a workshop."
,Recommended,569480,34706463,Posted: 3 September,all,NotFemto,very good graphics and gameplay
,Recommended,569480,34853476,Posted: 9 September,all,Felixoli888,I love the game! You can build fight vikings and other stuff.
76561198173501278,Recommended,569480,34806411,Posted: 7 September,all,BOT Stalin,Top notch graphics
,Recommended,569480,34828208,Posted: 8 September,all,Jetpack Jones,Very Good.
76561198002452574,Not Recommended,569480,34895884,Posted: 11 September,all,MK34TH,"There's a lot missing from this game.The graphics are simplistic, and that's OK, but there's not much else the game offers. I think if the game was challenging, maybe had quests or missions to achieve, perhaps that would offset the lack of graphical effort put into it.After only 5 hours of gameplay, I found myself insatiably bored. I had my castle built, my town established, and been raided by bandits and dragons about 50 times. After building your town and successfully fighting off bandits/dragons, there's nothing else to be done or achieved. Sure, you can keep building your castle and keep expanding your town, but in order to be able to keep playing this game without wanting to fall asleep instead, I need more to have to accomplish. I need more townspeople involvement (education? children? marriages?); I need worker skills that actually matter; I need years that last longer than 2 minutes; I need a lot more stuff that I'm just not getting with this game.I'm actually kind of disappointed I wasted $10 on this game because that could've been put towards something that could've kept me entertained for more than 5 hours."
76561198141701409,Recommended,569480,34755007,Posted: 5 September,all,Sarcasticswag,"Great game, couldn't have asked for a better game. It's a wonderful experience and totally worth the price tag."
76561197971555404,Recommended,569480,34265496,Posted: 15 August,all,Brian Boru,It's a fun game but an hour or two is enough to do everything in it. Needs more content.
76561198006644191,Recommended,569480,34272719,Posted: 16 August,all,Myshkin,"I was looking for a casual city builder to take away stress and relax. This game hits the sweet spot for me, as it is easy to learn and fun play. It has an elegant design, accessible UI, and it is beautiful to look.It is definitely not particularly involved simulator like Anno series or Banished, but has depth enough to keep you playing for several hours or more.If there is a point to improve or critisize, I would say that it is the complexity. Adding a bit more depth with more buildings, or quests (but please no timers in a casual game!) would make the game even more fun to play and endure over time.Overall it's a refreshing take for a reasonable price. Thumb up from me."
76561198071090282,Recommended,569480,34269088,Posted: 15 August,all,DumbPeople,This is a really great and fun game! The game is still very fresh and developers are working on improvement which makes this game definitely fun and look forward into it.
,Recommended,569480,34256229,Posted: 15 August,all,Lisek <3 CSGO-SKINS.COM,"I like this game very much. Its easy to play, but things are getting difficult after while. Its simple and fun to play, but theres nothing to do when you get all of the buildings. Later you just build homes and farm and fight for them.8/10NOTE: Has a big FPS drop in a big cities"
76561198028438376,Recommended,569480,34315993,Posted: 17 August,all,inter_ermensee,"Totally adictive, totally worth buying (for 10.- for sure!). I can only recommend it."
,Recommended,569480,35157576,Posted: 23 September,all,QuietCanadian,Can't wait for more updates
,Recommended,569480,35140778,Posted: 22 September,all,Liquid,"Synopsis:Great game with a decent replayability factor to it.Think Tower defense meets Starcraft in midevil times and you have a general idea of how the game cycle functions,Pros:a ""city builder"" but with a good deal of focus on time management and resource allocation. Good game, crisp design, refreshing grapics, easy approcahbility and strong focus on tactics and management. Overall 8/10.Cons:Once you learn the basics and get yourself on a progress tree, there isnt much that really stands in your way as its only intensity of the same forms of attacks that happens. Would like to see more variety and randomization happening, as well as randomization in ATTACK paths that the npcs take to come into the city. Would also like to see more implimentation of individual characteristics for the citizens and thier interaction with the world around them."
76561198091975728,Recommended,569480,34928250,Posted: 13 September,all,Kepa,"I like it, you might like it, idk"
76561198157824103,Recommended,569480,34982354,Posted: 15 September,all,Lil Vasili,|Yes
76561198295432302,Recommended,569480,34997425,Posted: 16 September,all,AmirTheBoss,I love this game.I play civ 6 and this is basically just that but more simplistic.well done devs :)
,Recommended,569480,35044029,Posted: 18 September,all,SADU,I like it
,Not Recommended,569480,35040834,Posted: 18 September,all,Sorin,gets really boring really quickly.
76561198066915739,Recommended,569480,35075793,Posted: 19 September,all,Mister Ridley,"It's really early days for 'Kingdoms and Castles' but let me tell you, this game has potential. I only meant to give it a quick tester before bed, have a quick glimpse and all that jazz, but I ended up playing for quite a while longer than I anticipated. You can lose yourself in it, I think. The music's pretty nice, the graphics are crisp and appealing, and the menus and stuff aren't too shabby.If you're looking for an easy going city/kingdom management builder game this is the game for you. Relaxing, until the agricultural advisor starts blabbing every two seconds about a food shortage."
76561197964521969,Recommended,569480,35082784,Posted: 20 September,all,EepZilla,"Cool little castle builder.  Still trying to figure out how the ""armies"" work because they do not auto attack Vikings.  Also which they would impliment a click and drag selection tool.  Trying to click on something and accidentially clicking on another gets old.  Overall a good start and fun!"
,Recommended,569480,35083962,Posted: 20 September,all,Kibblesnbits,"Fun medieval town builder with some strategy gaming elements. Build your community up through resource gathering and management. Build up reserves of food to make it through winter. Erect walls and towers, train a small army, and defend it against viking invaders, ogres, and dragons. Has a bit of depth to it but still casual enough that you can come back to it a month later and not feel like you need to re-learn everything.Runs well on an Intel Core i7-5600U w/ Intel HD graphics."
76561198072539418,Recommended,569480,34869223,Posted: 10 September,all,TexanCrow,"Love the game, can't wait for future updates!!!"
,Recommended,569480,34875572,Posted: 10 September,all,Lordmuckinfutch,Great game! beware this game can hold you for hours
76561198229517548,Recommended,569480,34880454,Posted: 11 September,all,BootyLover,"a nice casual city builder, simple but super fun"
,Recommended,569480,34884114,Posted: 11 September,all,VILOSOVI_SEMVAK,Good.. Addictive game
,Recommended,569480,34866645,Posted: 10 September,all,Themop21,I love it but it could be better with larger maps and it would not hurt to add steam workshop it would keep it more intresting for longer.
,Recommended,569480,34871039,Posted: 10 September,all,RetrieveMySoul,Simple yet fun. Needs some polishing but I enjoy playing it a little too much already. I feel like I'm going to put more hours into it than I really should. 8/10 very addictive.
76561198108567002,Recommended,569480,34252853,Posted: 15 August,all,Kakhond,For the price i'd really recommend this game! But the game really need some updates because after a while you cant do anything because you have everything. But overall a good game
76561197977866623,Recommended,569480,33681680,Posted: 20 July,all,Karnil Vark Khaitan,"This game is great, a solid simple idea, best City builder this Year."
,Recommended,569480,33687481,Posted: 20 July,all,Lone_wolf,This game has that amazing look to it that combines pixel art and high def charming artwork. I will complain to the fact that the happiness for villiagers is incredibly hard for an easy mode and that there are only stone walls. Overal game though is solid!
,Recommended,569480,33711529,Posted: 21 July,all,hperantunes,"Pretty fun game, though it passes the impression there's still a lot to be added to it."
,Recommended,569480,33731067,Posted: 22 July,all,Spruce,"Fun game, highly recommend even in Alpha."
76561198036739679,Recommended,569480,33733556,Posted: 22 July,all,DangerDan,"Bought this game on whim.. 11 hours deep and I've only covered one island out of four on my land, defended against vikings and dragons many times in my 170 years..It's hard to find faults in this game despite what others are saying, I do feel that some would become tired of the same thing, but it is so sandbox-based that you really can do so many things. I would recommend this to any Age of Empires fans or Civilisation, provided you enjoy village building just as much as combat.Combat is something I'm only just getting into, archer towers are very strong against most mobs and a few ballista on tall towers are great.7/10 it's a must by if you fit what I mentioned above :)"
76561198092705359,Recommended,569480,33743075,Posted: 23 July,all,LordofPotatoes,I think its fun but i really hope they arent done updating it.there is a lot of cool things they can add and this game can be truly great.
,Recommended,569480,33743202,Posted: 23 July,all,Rapscallion,"Would build far fewer wells than necessary again. A+++, 10 fires out of 10."
76561198387705255,Recommended,569480,33746210,Posted: 23 July,all,Matto,THE FIRST FEW HOURS ARE GREAT! i would like bigger maps tho!
,Recommended,569480,33760625,Posted: 24 July,all,hoohex,so simple and fun
76561198186443241,Recommended,569480,33780847,Posted: 24 July,all,Guimauve/Marshmallow,"-What I like about the game so far: It's not too difficult, but it's defenitly not too easy (hello ogres). I'm glad that there's a game like that and I hope it grows even more! If you play a lot of this type of games, the mechanics and the controls are instinct and easy to use. The graphics are visually nice and it's satisfying to see your kingdom grow as you play the game further. The mechanic about happiness is really cool, but I think it's kind of unexplored. Even so, it's a blast playing because you can do your own thing and just focus on playing and expanding :)-What I don't like so far: There's not enough buildings, it gets repetitive fast! I know you have DLCs coming and I'm eager to see them, which I think will be good for the game. The game lacks soundtrack presence (IMO) and needs a little something beside what's in the menu... There's no real tutorial (I didn't play the ''peaceful'' difficulty yet, so if there's one, ignore this complaint) and I feel like you can't defend yourself when someone attacks you from the ocean or the lakes (maybe add a port that would gather food and make boats that could defend or attack vikings, but weak against dragons and ogres) It also feels like you can't do anything, but lose... There's no enemy that you can attack, you can only defend yourself and you can't get more land because there's no other islands. Also, if there are dragons, where are the mages?Final score and why: 8/10The game is really fun, but it only lacks a little bit of content. I can understand that you want to keep the game at low cost, but it really has amazing potential! The music and the buildings need more content, but because there will be DLCs, maybe the problem is gonna be gone. The score didn't go down that much because it deserves a chance, because it has more DLCs to come and because overall, if you're into the genre, then it'll be a blast!Thanks Devs for making such a enjoyable game :)"
76561198033432863,Recommended,569480,33782823,Posted: 25 July,all,Ceb,"There is charm in it's simplicity, but content seems lacking. A worth while game to pass the time."
,Recommended,569480,33796212,Posted: 25 July,all,Bean Howl.gg,good
76561198313567118,Recommended,569480,33809854,Posted: 26 July,all,MBBasar,"City building apsects of the game has some quality, i like it. Graphics are very lovely. I am waiting for more content though because in this state there is not much thing to do in the game. I bought the game to support the devs. Nice work and nice game but needs more contents thats all."
,Recommended,569480,33810747,Posted: 26 July,all,Daredabber,"I like this game and this its a good time investment, when updates start to roll out for this its gonna be crazy i can see the end game of this being awesomee."
,Recommended,569480,33827207,Posted: 27 July,all,parsiuk,"Very simple, very nice and easy game. Graphic design is simplistic but very pleasant to the eye. Runs very well on 4 years old PC."
,Recommended,569480,33845295,Posted: 27 July,all,Maggieliz,"I have about 24 hours invested at the time of this writing, and I'm finding this to still be a delightful game.It is similar in many ways to Tropico, or  Sim City but it really has its own feel and charm.Things I genuinely appreciate:the ability to make bridges and docks and extend living spaces over waterthat with enough ballistas you can kill a freaking dragonmost of the game mechanicsThe look of the game, overall.It's Lego-esque, which is awesome because I'm getting tired of the Minecraft look. It's getting over used.Things that cheese me off:Suddenly FIRE!  I'm guessing Bob the Builder rolled a 1, but still it's annoying as hell.I have a market TOUCHING several houses; it is full of food and charcoal. Everyone was hungry and complaining about no coal. Idiots. Once I destroyed and rebuilt the market,  everything was peachy.  Might have been a bug.I can't ""target"" bad guys with my soldiers. They won't lock on; I have to keep a very close eye on combat, and keep telling my soldiers to ""go!! GO GO GO!  KILL!"" and so I'm supposing the General is even less reactive than Zombie Mountain / Canned Clegane. Pity.Dream idea:  Island nations go to war / make allies and pacts/ establish trade routes.Something like Machavelli The  Prince (http://www.myabandonware.com/game/machiavelli-the-prince-2aj)Overall, a very enjoyable little game that I occasionally punctuate with swearing. Super excited about upcoming Trade content that will be released soon, and wondering how it's going to look on VR (also coming, I think by 3Q)Very good value for $10, and that's just at this point. Can't wait to see what the game will eventually be."
76561198091475216,Recommended,569480,33861692,Posted: 28 July,all,Boofaze,It's fun if you know how to play it. Something I would fix is how small the letters are.
,Recommended,569480,33863111,Posted: 28 July,all,Lord Varys,"Overall, I'd recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy-based games or city-builders. However, there are quite a few things that make this game a little frustrating:- You can get to a point in the game where you have a large and healthy city, and living very comfortably. But within just a few seconds, pretty much everything can be taken away as you're hit by a plague that kills a third of your population, random fires that spread through all your houses/buildings for no reasons whatsoever, with very little way of preventing them, and then about 8 viking ships will come to ruin your day. I've also had about 3 sets of 8 viking ships attack me within the space of about 6-7 minutes which is quite a lot to handle as each attack generally takes about 5 minutes to recover from - especially if they destroy a stockpile or granary, which destroys pretty much all of your resources in an instant, which causes everyone to starve and die, as well as ridding you of resources to rebuild, and inevitably ruins your city as you have no people left.Other than that, good game. A lot of stuff to add in though (minor additions), such as a fire emergency building that covers an area and ultimately prevents fires, or prevents fires destroying buildings. Also, maybe a heat mapping tool to show which villagers are starving to death, as I placed food sources all over my island yet people were still starving to death. Also, I think that plagues and especially viking hoardes are a bit over-kill at times."
,Recommended,569480,33872934,Posted: 28 July,all,ScottyChams,"Amazing game, very intuitive and fun to play. I am sure new updates will bring tons of interesting content. One thing I would like to see are key shortcuts esepcially for cutting wood"
76561198014130803,Recommended,569480,33875404,Posted: 29 July,all,Megaman,"Absolutely worth buying for any fan of city building games. The game mechanics and systems are rather simple, but the game gains depth from how they interact and what specific development challanges your map brings about. Easy to learn, yet still challenging enough to hold your long-term attention.In active development so more features will be added over time, but the amount of enjoyment you can get out this title right now is worth the ten dollar price tag."
,Recommended,569480,33894771,Posted: 29 July,all,Kqxer,Very fun and interesting.
76561198069713607,Recommended,569480,33911086,Posted: 30 July,all,samoht_the_ancient,"Whilst I do recommend the game and do massively enjoy it, I must requiest one thing. Options to scale up the text to a comfortable level and possibly to large levels for the visually impaired and accessibility.Tried to get family to play but as they couldn't read what they were clicking on it was a disappointing experience for them.The game is quite well done and I look forward to the future content to be added to flesh out and give the player more to think about.I'd also like to see besides the vikings a dungeon keeper esque system where you vie for territory from yet another faction after all what else are walls for ;) and also on the back of that an alliance system to team up against the A.I.Still trying to learn the best point to buid a standing army but that's between the viking attacks.Keep up the good work, but please please please provide options for the scaling of text.Thank you"
,Recommended,569480,33976047,Posted: 2 August,all,ᕦ(ò_óˇ)ᕤ,I like it. Nice visual style. Not too serious or hugely complex. Nice casual city building.
,Recommended,569480,33986617,Posted: 2 August,all,pitpit9898,"This game as simple mechanics to understand, but still offers a good challenge to city building and defending. In one game i got attack by a dragon, an ogre and 4 ships of vikings while i had a plague. One the best moment."
,Recommended,569480,33990430,Posted: 3 August,all,Kyōko,this game has a lot of potential. It's like a medieval cities skylines game. I would love to see more content and mod support in the future
,Recommended,569480,34021647,Posted: 4 August,all,🍁D3LTA_SAS11🍁,simple little fun game
76561198116609040,Recommended,569480,34027556,Posted: 4 August,all,Treatycole,"Really good in both just build mode and against enemies, can be for both city builders and defenders alike"
76561198092613461,Recommended,569480,34042116,Posted: 5 August,all,HomeGaming,"A very fun game with great potential and a charming art style.The main focus for the developers should be to add depth, there should be the ability to research better weapons ect, as for the moment the combat is aspect is far from desirable. The troops that you can current command are of little use due to the fact that unless you command them with your full attention they just watch the kingdom burn around them, I propose a smarter more independant AI for the heros.It would also be great to see more realistic city life, their should be criminal peasants and a jailing system.Another thing that I would add is a slider bar of difficulty to customise how hard you want the game to be, as well as the option to create custom maps.Finally, there should be the option to change the difficulty after starting the game."
,Recommended,569480,34072744,Posted: 6 August,all,CameronCen,"At around 4 hours into playing one play through, I noticed it starting to get harder and harder. It became harder to manage my kingdom with more and more people moving in. I struggled to manage my food, with my advisors saying over and over that im losing food, it got annoying. Then I started to add more and more housing, followed by tons of ♥♥♥♥ing fires, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥don't even get me started how many times ive rebuilt the same ♥♥♥♥ing house because of a fire. Finally to top it off, six viking ships and a dragon stormed my kingdom, destroying my treasury, stockpiles, and half my houses. I had no gold, barely any food and resources, and 90% of my population was homeless and unhappy. Then three more buildings burnt down and reburnt down... But for some reason my kingdom is still alive. This game has weird kwirks to it, like how fires are really ♥♥♥♥ing hard to set out and reoccur in the same place so many times and all you can do is watch, becuase the civilians arent using your wells and are running to the ♥♥♥♥ing ocean also how you cannot repair any buildings but walls so you basically start over with that building, only for it to be burnt down 10 minutes later. This game is amazing it looks beautiful, but it could use a little more to it defense wise and needs some updates adding buildings and some balance changes."
76561198050294759,Recommended,569480,34074182,Posted: 6 August,all,Grandpa Gary,"I really enjoy this game, honestly I do. I love the art style which is colorful and simplistic. It's also very easy to run and with virtually no bugs that I've seen. And while I do recommend the game, I also say to give it time before you buy it. The game itself is fun, but after a little while, you'll run out of things to do. All it is right now is resource management, basic buildings, and a few fights. After just an hour or two, you may have your kingdom set up so well, that the dragons no longer matter and Vikings are just a minor nuisance. Which turns the fun of building a kingdom into more of a chore as now that you're done, all you do is replace the buildings the vikings may have burned down.According to the milestone thing, they plan to do Ports and Merchants which would be great. So here's a list of things I'd like to see in the future.-More stuff with the ocean. Fishing buildings, ship builders, divers, whatever.-More threats. Vikings and Dragons become too easy after a while. Add more monsters or something.-Different units. All we can make is a General and some footmen who follow him. Give us some archers or knights someday.-Different map sizes. I personally would love a bigger map to build on. Some may want a small simple map.-Upgradeable buildings. Let me have more things to do by upgrading what I have. Make my hovels be made of stone, house more and have more defense. Increase the damage of my arrow towers, something.-Allow me to attach an arrow tower or ballista on my keep so I have some early way to defend at least a little. Give me a false sense of security.-Maybe let us change the colors of our buildings. Let us add our own style to our kingdoms.-If at all possible, add Themes for our kingdoms. Change the look of our buildings with a theme pack to add variety.  Tall gothic churches, Nordic huts instead of houses, castle walls made of bone or wood if we want to act like elves. You get the jist."
,Recommended,569480,34075765,Posted: 6 August,all,Lilerl3z,"10/10 For me, it a really interesting game for me. So many update in eary acc too hope u keep update it."
,Recommended,569480,34130840,Posted: 9 August,all,SpicySweet,"I really like the plush voxel look, works for all audiences :)Only an hour in and I can tell this game will be a big hit if development keeps the pace. Great job so far!"
76561198177061838,Recommended,569480,34139675,Posted: 9 August,all,[W.G]Caso',"Hey, I understand that you have 100+ farms.But we really need more food sire!"
76561198388521546,Recommended,569480,35246748,Posted: 27 September,all,Jolantje,"It is a chill game, relaxing."
76561198041304834,Recommended,569480,33688033,Posted: 20 July,all,roddy116,"Very good game, pretty aesthetic and very easy to get the hang of. I did however run into a game breaking bug that would not allow me to build roads, so i could only build so much, but beta is beta so its whatever.10/10 would build castles again."
,Recommended,569480,33688315,Posted: 20 July,all,Luco,It's often I feel robbed when buying early access due to bugs and lack of features but this game is at the perfect price and I see myself playing for hours on end.
,Recommended,569480,33689230,Posted: 20 July,all,Peasant,"Awesome game, cant stop playing it. Very satisfying to watch your tiny huts transform into a huge city, very chill sit back and spectate game but there are crisis' that require your attention every so often. good soundtrack too."
76561198098118622,Recommended,569480,33689724,Posted: 20 July,all,Lieutenant Branch,"When I saw this game, it looked very simple and cartooney. I decided to get it and started to play it. It took barely any time to download and when I started to play it, it was absolutely fantastic. The art style makes it so much more fun to play. I would recommend this game to so many of my friends and to people who aren't good with the more complicated versions of games like this, like Cities: Skylines."
76561198160186877,Recommended,569480,33696159,Posted: 21 July,all,Gary Winthorpe,"THIS REVEIW IS AIMED AT PLAYERS AND THE CREATORS.The game is very fun and its cheap about 7 pounds or around 10 dollors.The game is simple and only took me 2 hours to understand what each building does. This simplisity makes the game fun for everyone. The ai is not the best but the game only realeased yesterday so you cant blame the game creators for this.Unfortunatly there arn't any arcade modes or co-op which could easily be added in the future which would make a great addition. I would like to see more buildings and upgradable buildings soon as i feel this could make the game more fun and gives you something to some what grind for. I'm sure the game will get better with each update and you have no reason ,if you have an intreset, not to buy the game.Good job"
,Recommended,569480,33697666,Posted: 21 July,all,Senatic,Barebones but what is there is well exectuted and shows a promising foundation on which to build. For the price I can recomend getting into it early despite of the small amount of playtime you'll get out of it now (between 5-10 hours I'd suspect you start getting bored of it in its current state) and with it being early access as long as the devs keep adding content I don't see anything really negative to say about the title at this time.
76561198007862196,Recommended,569480,33698116,Posted: 21 July,all,Torpa,"Pros :- I never encounted any bugs besides the vikings getting stuck occasionally (but you can easily reload your game and they're good to go again).- Love the simplistic art style - it never lags no matter how big your town gets.Cons :There's no ending to the game.I love the game, and in doing so, wish there was more added to it.  (But for $12.59AUD, your getting what u paid for)conclusion :Fun game for the price.  A solid 10 hours of entertainment"
76561198124082198,Recommended,569480,33699490,Posted: 21 July,all,PartyDeMarty,The game is a great casual city builder.
76561198024930612,Recommended,569480,33710947,Posted: 21 July,all,violentstreak,"Fun game, hope they add more stuff"
,Recommended,569480,33711932,Posted: 21 July,all,Goosemeister,"Fun game, good price. Would like to see steam workshop added!"
76561198000987406,Recommended,569480,33712160,Posted: 21 July,all,insydedan,"Only played for a few hours now, but I will be playing more.  It's kind of like banished with dragons and vikings to fight off.  I have not seen any bugs or crashes. Very fun game."
76561198123725352,Recommended,569480,33713528,Posted: 21 July,all,Mark,"This game is alot of fun, it's a little basic but the amount of city customization you get makes up for it. Great casual game, easily worth the $10"
,Recommended,569480,33720751,Posted: 22 July,all,Mortalitass,"Burn out your Creativiting and your desrie to manage a living and dynamic kingdom.If you loved -- Pharaoh- Children of the Nile- Age of Empires (For the building and management)- BanishedThen you will most defintely like this game. It's more simpler than the above, but it has a perfect balance of features. It presents the right ammount of challange, the supply and damand is balanced very well, it's well polished, no frustraiting aspects, and the game looks fantastic (more so when you actually play it)."
76561198014857223,Recommended,569480,33721736,Posted: 22 July,all,Champion of the Sun,Good fun
76561198324367033,Recommended,569480,33728370,Posted: 22 July,all,Robotexmaster,This game is a very good game i like the building tower defence atmosphere in the game but i would like it alot more if you could have a map editor to creat your own map to play on.
,Recommended,569480,33728785,Posted: 22 July,all,Alaskan Druid,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7gjKcSyGhoPROS:1. City Building with castles!2. Devs are active with the community.3. Price is great!CONS:1. Music & SFX is extremely low when volume is maxed.2. Numbers don't match.OTHER:I need to play more!
76561198131346315,Recommended,569480,33729719,Posted: 22 July,all,BombMarley114,"Good game so far. Simple and easy but not too easy. I guess its just like you average city builder but withou so much managment, which for me is very nice since i dont have to stress over so much stuff and still have a challenge."
76561198007936715,Recommended,569480,33733950,Posted: 22 July,all,Blondie,A great little game for £7. You do however see everything the game has to offer by 5 hours.
,Recommended,569480,33734520,Posted: 22 July,all,Gman,"A city building with tower defense aspects, perfect combination."
76561198036840674,Recommended,569480,33743776,Posted: 23 July,all,scarface41115,"Games is super fun, but damn does it suck to clean up rubble after a fire or attack.."
,Recommended,569480,33752494,Posted: 23 July,all,cranberrykitty,"Reviewing this game at it's current state can be tough, there is enough content to stay engaged in the game, but not enough to hold a strong replayability or stay away from being linear. At the games current state, i enjoy it, and with devs working on more content as we speak, im excited to what it can become.7/10"
76561198029973202,Recommended,569480,33755914,Posted: 23 July,all,Lardo,Excellent game! Perfect blend of micro and macro management.The cute simple graphics actually give the game (and all the kingdom people) lots of character.Great value too!
76561198029095083,Recommended,569480,33757434,Posted: 23 July,all,Maple Millionaire,"I've played a bunch of hours so far; 7.2 at the time of writing this.First things first. I absolutely adore this type of game, so take that as you will for the rest of my opinions on the game. I still play the OG Stonghold on the reg, any kind of castle sim that combines castle managment and combat... I'm interestested.The Good----------Beautiful artstyle - Clean, simple, efftectiveClean UI - self explanitoryHint System - Helpful early on, but it can be a little repetitive once you get more experience, but you can turn them off in menu.Engaging - If you dig any kind of sim/management game, you will fall in love with this system. I want those little blockmen to have their bread, to be happy and not die from the plaguePromise of content - as it stands, the game is good, but at the top-end, it is just the extrapolation of resources to make your city bigger and bigger without much diversity, but the promised updates of Ports, twitch integration and unique heroes could help solve thisThe Bad--------Optimization - I am running an upper mid-tier gaming PC at the moment, and when the population of my kingdom passed 300, it began to slow down considerably, even after turning off all post-effects, shadows, etc.The need for group selection/zoning - Having to individually interact with all trees, stones and even buildings can become tedius at times; especially when your kingdome becomes larger.Peasant pathing - It's just confusing at times. A building cannot find the resources it needs even though the stockpile is just around two buildings and connected to a road.tl;dr----Very promising game that, if you enjoy sims/managment games, you will probably find yourself passing hours by with this game. Unpolished, but can you expect perfection right out the gate? I wouldn't say so. The team has released something that is awesome and hopefully as time continues this will become a phenominal game."
76561197999227532,Recommended,569480,33758878,Posted: 23 July,all,Paladin_Fin,"Fun little game. Worth the asking price.Nothing mindblowingly fantastic about it, but a relaxing timewaster."
76561198001210432,Recommended,569480,33766082,Posted: 24 July,all,Acetyl-Choline Esterase,Very fun game to play if you dont have hours to spend and just want some relaxing fun.  Awesome art style that for some reason makes watching your citizens move about more entertaining than it should be.  really hope devs keep updating it as there is so much potential.
,Recommended,569480,33778527,Posted: 24 July,all,ghogon,Needs more content but still super fun as is and easily worth the price.
76561198215423827,Recommended,569480,33784303,Posted: 25 July,all,Seldrix,"This game is fantastic in overall gameplay and allows for some simple, but fun creative city designs. I can see this game going very far, but at the same time I think it'll require a lot of work in improvment on current gameplay mechanics. In the beginning I was skeptical of a lot of the negative reviews, however I now understand and agree with the many states problem in this game:-Dragons are extremely weak-Viking attacks can be difficult to recover from. Five tall walls can be very easily taken down by ogres even with relatively good tower coverage and attacks are either extremely easy or absurdly overwhelming. Some will never enter the town and some will take down all the walls in one attack. For example I was attacked by 15+ viking ships at the same time.-Attacks eventually become very repetitive without any variety beyond dragons and vikings.-NPC AI is pretty bad where NPCs will struggle to acquire food and/or charcoal even though it maybe readily available at a nextdoor marketplace. This will eventually result in constant NPC deaths flooding the notification bar when the town hits over 500 people, which can be an annoyance.-Game lacks a variety of buildable structures, but I'm certain this will improve in the future.-Needs upgradeable buildingsPros of this game:-Great, simple artwork-Great camera controls-Simple and clean gameplay-Offers a good layer of strategy in building placement-Towns really feel like they're growing.-Different maps provide a variety of possible designsAlthough there are a lot of problems I would say this game is still worth playing for those who just want to build. I spent 10 hours on this game and I think it was well worth the money, however in its current state I wouldn't strongly recommend it unless you find the artwork very appealing and don't mind building with limitations."
,Recommended,569480,33794509,Posted: 25 July,all,Conell,"Be careful, if you like building cities or building custom structures for teeny tiny people to live in, this may consume hours of your life.Like an easier version of rimworld, dwarf fortress"
76561198067140134,Recommended,569480,33883163,Posted: 29 July,all,Gluv21,"I like this game alot, its fun and relaxing and the graphics style is great, that being said their are some pretty big issues with it.1. Needs more content, there needs to be way more buildings as it is right now you can have everything built in about an hour or less of play and then after that all you have to really do is keep building farms and Houses.2, Needs more managment and stats, There needs to be a way to assign your workers to a building or task as of right now its basically up to chance and this will really screw you over in parts of the game.3. optomize a bit more, when your city starts to get big your pc will just start to strutter even on lowest graphics.all that being said I still really enjoy the game but it needs to make some cahnges and quick in order to keep people coming back and playing otherwise people will pick this up play 2 or 3 hours and then never touch it again"
76561198069454118,Recommended,569480,33899193,Posted: 30 July,all,NoLoliNoLife,I'm really enjoying this game. If i could add one thing it would be to have a way to priortize what im buliding. other then that the game  is fun. 8/10
,Recommended,569480,33909168,Posted: 30 July,all,yo_serjio,"Settlers / Knights and Merchants for a New generation. Very, very not bad!"
76561198389255162,Recommended,569480,33943064,Posted: 31 July,all,PooTang,"Pros.1. Great time waster. I played this game for a solid 8 hours one day. Not many games these days can do that.2. Amazingly simple graphics. I love the art style and the simplicity of this game. It really brings out my creative side when organizing my city.3. Easy controls. Despite not having much of a tutorial, this game is super easy to figure out and throws you into the whole governing thing, haha.4. Potential. This game has a lot of good ideas and concepts of a city builder. It's just missing content.Cons.1. Fire everywhere. You're biggest enemy is fire. All the time. I find this to be the most annoying thing about this game. Both of the base enemies use fire against you. I am constantly finding myself rebuilding the same buildings over and over again. I've even tried combating fire by placing wells in every nook of my city and the peasants still manage to let everything burn. Taverns, Defense Towers, Hospitals and The Chamber of War seem to be ""hot spots"". Anything that takes a bit of resources to build really.2. Lack of content. The game is super fun up until the point where your Kingdom is at the level of ""Busling City"". That's where the lack of content shows. From then on it's really just a bunch of rebuilding things that get burnt down and expanding a little. Then getting set back by things burning down for the fourth time, then expanding a little and so on.3. It needs some fixing. I don't know if I'm doing something wrong here but after the 250 population mark, people start dying of starvation despite having 1500 full storage of food and markets all over. They just starve themselves. It's quite the pain because it spams the notification bar at the top left. The combat controls with friendly soldiers is tedious and annoying. They do not automatically attack or follow vikings or ogres. You constantly have to click away and keep up with them to make sure your troops are actually doing damage. It needs work. I also am not a fan of how the maps are generated. I really wish there were larger land masses with less islands and water all over making it difficult to expand past a point.This game has some great potential and is already really fun, up to that 250 mark at least. I do think it is worth ten dollars  but not a penny more than that. This game entertained me for about 36 hours of game time now and it'll probably be more in the next few days. Try this game out!"
76561198391804848,Recommended,569480,33968011,Posted: 2 August,all,VForV,Nice game
76561198181900387,Recommended,569480,33987872,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr.NeverSpeaks,"It's a relaxing end of the day type day. Couple of concerns though are that when attacked the vikings come by boat, to land on land to then walk through water as if it were not there. Feel like if they come by boat and land on land they should only be able to cross water ways by boat.Also  I wish you could add more then 2 mines to a stone or iron pocket."
,Recommended,569480,34009697,Posted: 3 August,all,Lucifer,very fun and intertaining 10/10 from a frigid drink.
76561198039985469,Recommended,569480,34065025,Posted: 6 August,all,Authority,"If you're looking for a simple town builder, this is it. The art style is gorgeous and the gameplay deep enough to scratch the town builder itch. After a few hours I can already expect there is not enough content yet to keep me here dozens and dozens of hours, but I know the dev is adding more and I anticipate playing this game for a long time to come. Well worth the $9.99, but certainly a steal if ever on sale."
76561198110727866,Recommended,569480,34092733,Posted: 7 August,all,Avenger4995,"Great game so far! It's similar to other games of this genre, but it's still a good time killer, especially for $10."
76561197989669174,Recommended,569480,34137763,Posted: 9 August,all,CobraKing,"Great pick up and go game, not too hard to get the hang of :)"
76561198068361643,Recommended,569480,35214471,Posted: 25 September,all,bjohnston,"Lots of fun, doesn't require several hours of learning how the game is played as some games like this are; it's simple and I hope the developers keep it that way.   Recent infrastructure update was a great addition.   Very easy to lose several hours in this game and very relaxing.   We done!"
,Recommended,569480,33684842,Posted: 20 July,all,Salohacin,Easily one of the most fairly priced games on Steam. For a tenner I'm pleasantly surprised.
,Recommended,569480,33685308,Posted: 20 July,all,[SB] Church ,"The game is fairly basic at hte moment, however its a solid foundation and well worth the price."
76561198021136367,Recommended,569480,33685338,Posted: 20 July,all,mewantie,I found this to be quite a bit of fun. The voxel look works well with the simplified fighting mechanics. Well the worth the price.
,Recommended,569480,33685433,Posted: 20 July,all,Sniperfire,Really love the idea of this game and hope that the devs keep at it and make it more and more fun to play!
76561198065766766,Recommended,569480,33687181,Posted: 20 July,all,Wellis21,"Pretty interesting game. Solid core mechanics that are easy to understand. The advisors seemed useless to me, so much so that I disabled their notifications. I put about 5 hours into it so far, and was able to expand my Kingdom pretty far. The map feels pretty small, and I hope they are able to expand it in the future. If you want a game that is simple, yet takes constant attention, this would be for you."
,Recommended,569480,33689326,Posted: 20 July,all,KING OF BEES,"Imagine an easier and more lighthearded version of Banished. Fun game.Reccomendation: Naval/Water Buildings. I'd love to be able to intercept the vikings with naval vessels before they make landfall, or fish for food off of the island. It would also make my late-game Venice/Amdsterdam cities feel muuch more exciting and alive."
76561198047994881,Recommended,569480,33689385,Posted: 20 July,all,Garovane,"Fun game, like a cuter, streamlined banished. However, there's a few things that seem off. You can't lose, firstly. You can grind a town to a complete halt, get down to 5 villagers, but nothing will happen. As long as you have one hovel, the 5 people left will equalize to medium happiness, prompting you to build more houses to get more villagers. You won't be able to get any more because you lack beds, but none of the villagers will die of starvation, they just won't. As long as they have medium happiness (which they maintain due to the low population), they will not starve, even if there are no open food production buildings. You can blow up the last house, but they stil won't starve. Now they just want a house. I waited for something like 30 minutes trying to get rid of these last few straggelers in a dead, raided town, but they stayed no matter what I did. I like that the game is this nice ride of lulls and highs of tension, but if there is no way to really fall bellow where you started, it feels a little cheapened.Overall I like the game a lot. The visuals are great, charming and easy to read. I sorta wish you could draw roads, but other than that there isn't much I dislike. I think the population system and happiness system both need to be altered somehow to allow for some sort of fail state, even if it's fairly easy to avoid.Edit: Just realized this is a feature, you cannot die unless you play on Vinter difficulty. This pretty much nulliffies my point, but in that case I would just like to have it be more clear, or have an option to have fail states on any difficulty"
76561198012140317,Recommended,569480,33691236,Posted: 21 July,all,takedn,"Great gameplay. Very easy to learn. If you can learn to play a game without a tutorial or any instructions whatsover, good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198077854778,Recommended,569480,33697137,Posted: 21 July,all,Tharabaka [TH],"I really enjoy this game, it like you play city management game for kindergarden. Everything is simple and you wont take long to learn how to play the game which fit for everyone who wanna spend their time chill with their city management skill.I hope the developer keep updating the game by putting more building type such as farm, council, Dock as well as wagoon for material transpoiration."
76561198107867331,Recommended,569480,33698163,Posted: 21 July,all,可阿兒ㄧ,i've never addicted into building city simulator before :thinking:
76561198057730650,Recommended,569480,33701762,Posted: 21 July,all,boomboyspark,"This game is absolutely fantastic! it is so wonderfully developed and fun to play, granted there are a few bugs here and there, but thats to be expected, the game only came out yesterday. I wasnt expecting too much when I got it, but I was very surprised. congratulations to the developers for making a wondrful game!"
,Recommended,569480,33705847,Posted: 21 July,all,CommanderRatBoy,"So far I love this game. It's a great city builder sim and really relaxing...most of the time. I find that the game likes to spam enemies every now and then and it gets a little frustrating, even on normal difficulty. I've had multiple moments where vikings invaded along with a dragon and as soon as they leave there is another wave of vikings. Walls are quite expensive in the game and putting armaments on them also requires a lot of resources if you want your defenses to be viable.I do realize this game is relatively new and hope the developers will perhaps add a feature allowing to toggle the difficulty once the game is running or perhaps space out enemy encounters.Pros:- Nice Atmosphere- Great Art- Easy Mechanics- 3 Difficulties (Easy, Normal, Hard)- Fair PriceCons:- Enemies spawn too frequently or not that often- Not being able to switch difficulty mid-gameI realise the second con I've listed is more of a personal preference, but again I do find that as I'm expanding my city I do encounter a few set-backs when spammed by the enemies.Overall though I absolutely love this game and look forward to future updates and what the developers bring to the table.TLDR: A wonderful little gem that's priced right for a city-building sim of it's size!"
76561198062277457,Recommended,569480,33707074,Posted: 21 July,all,Doughnut Doggo,"This is a perfect game to be used as an example of how Indie titles should be done. Originally it set out with a reasonable goal in mind, found a much larger community willing to back it, and provided what the buyers wanted and then some! Best of  all at a reasonable price for what the game offers."
76561198007343711,Recommended,569480,33709191,Posted: 21 July,all,Naoko Katsuta,"Pretty fun game and is definitely worth the price.  The viking, dragon, and lightning spawns need some tweaking since occasionally they all happen at the same time and your town gets completely overwhelmed.I feel game won't last more than 40 hours entertainment wise as it is missing something, I am just unsure what it could be."
76561198140123842,Recommended,569480,33709563,Posted: 21 July,all,kingsquisher,"It is a very well made amazingly fun game. I have played a lot of games like this just searching for the right one and this one is definitly in the top five of city builders. I would love to see other games like this one, made by the same creators."
76561198047094479,Recommended,569480,33709886,Posted: 21 July,all,lawdensky,"Well, I logged way too many hours my first day. I'm about 80 years in and I can almost repel Viking with easy... their ogres, on the other hand, rip through my poor city leaving nothing but rubble in there wake. I also though that a forest would protect me from invasion but my Maginot Wall was just for show. Fool me once shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on you again.I can't wait to see the upcoming content.I really hope for a Moorish invasion to crusade against."
76561197996869131,Recommended,569480,33711148,Posted: 21 July,all,Kate Ellis Minister for Lag,"Not a bad little game.  If you've played Banished then this is very similar, except easier to play and on the eyes.  Currently the lack of timber regeneration/availablity is a major city size limitation.  Otherwise it's a fine enough way to while away a few hours.  I bought this at full price, probably a bit expensive for what is actually here at the moment, but in many ways it was an investment in the future of this title.  Grabbing this when on special is most likely a better idea."
76561198067929721,Recommended,569480,33711671,Posted: 21 July,all,Aroused Spectator,"I just got to what I would call ""late game"" in my normal difficulty playthrough. This game is really solid if you like city building games. The art style, sound and music are all top notch, and performance wise I would say it runs okay (zooming in dips the framerate from 60 on my 980ti).One thing I love about this game is that you don't have to micromanage citizens in your kingdom like you do in AoE. This makes it so that you can just focus on building♥♥♥♥♥♥and watching the ants do your bidding.For now it doesn't have as much depth as a game like AoE but imo it doesn't need it. A few things that I think this game would benifit greatly from would be:1) Multiple islands and large continents. The tiny cube you get is super limiting and there is little room for variation.2) Multiplayer.3) More enemies. Right now there are just vikings and dragons. Dragons are pitiful honestly. Early game the big red one is terrifying yes but once you get to early/mid game they literally cannot touch anything. The vikings are definitely tougher; even late game when you have tons of soldiers and archers they will break several things. If they could include different invasion forces that would be sweet. Maybe add krakens that attack from sea? Idk.4) Add different kinds of biomes and cultures to choose from.5) This one is just a personal one I would like; an option to go into first person as one of the citizens so we can see our kingdom from a different perspective.That's it I guess. It's only ten bucks so just buy it."
76561198007299273,Recommended,569480,33722597,Posted: 22 July,all,Tim,"After seeing all the positive reviews  i decided to try this game and i have to say that i am really impressed with it. Overall this game is  a lot of fun to play. afer about half a day of trying arround i managed to get a city build up with about 1k people and covering the entire map. So far i am impressed with what you get for 10 euros. I would like to recommend this game to my friends for sure.That being said, there are a couple of things i would like to see in the future:- a map editor: it would be really nice to be able to use a map editor to edit the map i am going to play on before i start it. Or perhaps even be able to edit the map during the game.- i wished i could influence the transporting of goods a bit more... i am thinking here about (for example) telling a food storage location to keep another food storage location as full as possible. (this to optimize goods transport and maximize farm yields... since there is only a limited time you can collect yield from a farm- it would be nice if it was possible to play on bigger maps. Currently, i tend to fill my map and end up with about 1k people in my town. Which is really nice, but i would like to be able to build even larger.that being said... non of these ""things i would like to see""  are a blocking issue. And like i said before: this game is a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,569480,33727763,Posted: 22 July,all,Primalarius,"This game is overall pretty great, honestly there are only 2 issues i have and it would be perfect. if you have the mindset to prepare ahead for the vikings and wall everything off they wont even try to come up to you, which would be fine except my vilagers get a massive happiness reduction when they do because i ""didnt fend them off,"""
,Recommended,569480,33730490,Posted: 22 July,all,Balding Weeb,Simple but well executed city builder with a nice viking invason mechanic!
,Recommended,569480,33737368,Posted: 22 July,all,Supreme Putin,"This game has so much potential, right now its pretty bare bones and has many problems, a good example of a problem is the 'fire mechanic'. It's literally random, theres no explanation for the fires either (unless vikings, or a dragon, or lightning storms occur). Another problem would be ai pathing, your citizens can literally walk on water to get somewhere quicker even if you have a road placed down, even with these quirks they can be simply fixed, this game does what it tries to accomplish best though, to build a medieval city. I am very excited for the future of this game because of the plethrea of potential it holds."
76561198005633587,Recommended,569480,33742507,Posted: 23 July,all,rugholm86,"It's a fun little game.   Good art style, some fun buildings. A simple version of Banished with viking attacks and dragons.-The small minus with the game is that it's very small. Both in sense of playing area and things to do. You quickly get the hang of things and run out of new buildings. This is also the biggest complain I have seen in other reviews. However the Prize is only 10 euro (at the moment) and I have gotten entertainment for around 8 hours. If I had went to the Cinema I would have paid more for a movie that had entertain my for way less time.Also they might add even more things in the future, which can add to the value of the game. This isn't a Tripple A game and it's not sold for 50 euro, so you shouldn't expect hundred of hours of content.If you are put off by this then don't buy however if you want to have a few relaxing hours of fun, for a decent prize this is for you.."
,Recommended,569480,33751381,Posted: 23 July,all,Daaninator,"Nice game. I love the artstyle and where the game is going, but it's not 10 euro worth YET. After 2-3 hours you build already everything and explored everything. They need to add more stuff and make the iland bigger with more explore-awards and they really need to remake the combat of your own troops ( horrible to control, doesn't attack by itself, just stand there while barbarians are raiding.)I refunded, but I may buy it when it has more content and better gameplay. I still give the thumbs up because it's a nice game that can be bettered easely :)"
76561197979691800,Recommended,569480,33753719,Posted: 23 July,all,foufoufun,"Simple but very addictive city management game but in a medieval theme. Reminds me a lot of Roller Coaster Tycoon but could use some more content such as more types of building, different biomes and elevations (mountains).I wish there was sci-fi version of this (="
76561198145826361,Recommended,569480,33756054,Posted: 23 July,all,JJMR,"The whole time I wished I was playing Banished. The world seems very small and simple.On the other hand, it runs well, looks good, and is easy to pick up quickly. Lots of potential for more expansion and the dveloper seems keen and involved. Get it and watch it evolve I say."
76561197973129601,Recommended,569480,33756322,Posted: 23 July,all,StefanWB,"After a little under 7 hours of game time, I kinda feel like the devs don't need to do a whole lot more for me to feel like I got my £7's worth of fun. At launch, it is a bit shallow, and it has that city-builder problem where you get to a point where all you can do is keep expanding just for the sake of it - at the risk of your framerate, obviously. But it's a great foundation upon which the devs can build a deeper, more engrossing game, as the core concept of tower-defence-meets-city-builder is sound and the look and design of the game is terrific. Kingdoms and Castles needs more content to become a great game, but it's cheap enough and the base game is fun enough that it's easy to recommend, and I'll be following the development of this game to see how they do.If you want a game that's going to last you dozens of hours, then K&C is definitely not there yet - check out Banished or Cities: Skylines instead. But if you want a cheap, relaxing game that'll last a weekend, with the promise that it could well become a fully-fledged game down the line, then go for it."
,Recommended,569480,33757755,Posted: 23 July,all,Slulego,I really love how beautiful and simple it is. It's a bit more relaxing like the roller coaster tycoon games. The only thing I struggle with is getting past the point where it's difficult to progress because you can't grow your population enough to get things done. It takes to many people and buildings just to keep the peasants happy that you can't effectively develop a stronghold to defend from vikings.
76561198079855159,Recommended,569480,33796420,Posted: 25 July,all,AgentFall,"I wouldn't say this is necessarily a great game, but I wouldn't say this is a bad game either. I would say however that this is avery casual city builderwith some elements of survival for your city and that this is a good base for a game to become a great game. For just an indie company with two people this is a good step in the general right direction. For starters the game has you pick a flag and to name your new kingdom. And obviously your going to name your new kingdom Stormwind because literally the first flag has a lions head on it like in WoW. Once you have a name and flag ready the game will have you pick a land for you to settle on. Once you find a suitable place to plob your new castle you need to begin to gather resources to build your new kingdom.Now, the game doesn't offer any tutorial (At least none that I know of) other than having the advisors in your castle tell you what you or your people would like done. But honestly the game is pretty simplistic so I feel this is enough for now unless they decide to add more content through updates (which they have planned). Once you have a steady stream of supplies coming in, i.e. Food, Wood, Stone, Iron and Gold, you can begin to set up walls and fortifications to defend your kingdom. In addition to this the game does have a change of seasons and depending of what difficulty you selected this will have an effect on how much food you produce (which can be a real show stopper if you set up your city poorly like I did).Once you've got your city up and running and have succesfully built walls to keep your people safe from dragons and vikings and the such that's really......it. That's all there is at the moment until more updates come out adding new content. Now for some this will be fine for people such as myself, this was ony $10.00 so I really wasn't expecting much. But for others that can be a real let down. So for now I would recommend this to someone who's just looking for a very casual city builder."
,Recommended,569480,33808428,Posted: 26 July,all,Cinema Otaku,"Kingdoms & Castles is a fun, rewarding medieval base-building game. The low-poly aesthetic and minimal UI are welcomed treats that beg for replayability. Early years of kingdom-building are an exciting challenge that reward thoughtful planning for late game strategy. Sure, the late game could use some more pressing challenges other than occasional dragons and viking attacks, but this early access game will thrive if the developers read fans' comments for implementation of newer challenges and more complex builds for resources to come.I definitely recommend this game!!!Wanted Components for future patches:Challenges -- *Complex Plagues, Viking attacks that can scale castle walls, new military designs, drought & other crop-related weather changes, more creature attacks other than dragons :)"
,Recommended,569480,33813454,Posted: 26 July,all,GendouIkari2015,"Right now, I can say the game is well balanced when it comes to building your city. However, it's terrible to defend it.Although you don't have a lot of things to build yet, things complement one another easely, making a perfect sense where and why you should build that structure. If you play the non-aggressive version of the game, in a couple of hours without much experience you can build a self-sustained city with a nice profit on everything.The invasion system was supposed to be the drain of the game. In other words, you have to invest in military structures and soldiers not only to defend you kingdom but also to have something to do with your money and resources. And that's the part where the game sucks badly.The combats are extremely bad-programmed. There are two kinds of invasors: the dragon and the vikings. The former can fly anywhere he wants and, if he manages to randomly glide above your city, he can start to burn things down. A dragon invasion, if not repelled, gives you destruction and bad happiness, that leads to less recruitment of new people.The vikings are even more terrible. They invade your lands in lots, burn things down, kill people and leave everyone in despair. In the early game, it's almos impossible to repel them, and the damages are too high imo. Your leader and its army are extremely dumb, since you cannot command them to attack directly an army. You have to try to predict where the vikings are going and then position your leader on the path. Totally lame.So, right now, this is a good game, but it still has to improve a lot, specially the invasion system, which can be very frustrating specially if it's tough to repel it."
,Recommended,569480,33813910,Posted: 26 July,all,Mutt377,"So, for those of you looking at this game and wondering what all it can offer, let me tell you: It doesn't offer a whole lot. YET.It's a fairly basic city-builder game where you build your kingdom around various resources and fend off the enemy. And you do this for as long as you want. At first, the game can be a little confusing, not really giving you a tutorial basis to go off of. But as you progress and tinker with some things, the game becomes fairly easy.The enemy you face off become more of an... annoyance, rather than a superb threat.Resources aren't hard to come by. But figuring out the best placement for things is tougher than expected.All in all, if you're new to city-building games, this would be the perfect start for you. If you're an experienced builder, you may wanna hold off buying for a little while until some things get added in. This is not a bad game, and the content is coming. But it's not here yet, so hang in there!"
76561198050400924,Recommended,569480,33819135,Posted: 26 July,all,Dillon,"Pretty awesome game, it makes you think about your next move."
76561198385539358,Recommended,569480,33820825,Posted: 26 July,all,zaddas,this game is totally worth 10$ ive already spent 11 hours on it
,Recommended,569480,33820826,Posted: 26 July,all,Piro Fyre,"This game doesn't have much but it has potential.  It plays very smooth and hasn't crashed on me at all.  For a $10 game, you get plenty of things.  Those complaining a $10 game expect it be like Oblivion or Skyrim or something.  It's a $10 game which isn't a lot by today's standards.  Geez, some of you guys must be working minimum wage jobs or something.  In which case, don't spend it on a game but go buy gas or something. Other then that, it's worth the $10 you spent.  Don't expect much from $10 but expect a fun, slow, and relaxing game.  Sure, it's no Age of Empires and it could use some improvements but for a start, it's pretty good."
76561198253032075,Recommended,569480,33821310,Posted: 26 July,all,weasel f baby,Kingdoms and Castles is a fun but kinda hard city sim that i think is worth the dollars. Try it you'll like it
,Recommended,569480,33847958,Posted: 27 July,all,Luphus,"Juego divertido cuando no tienes internet, puedes pasar horas y horas."
,Recommended,569480,33863443,Posted: 28 July,all,Zulu-1,"Still needs work.  Vikings will land in areas that are completely unused by the player, get right back in their boats and sail away, and your kingdom's happiness will take a major hit even though they never threatened your lands.  It got to the point where I was constantly losing villagers and unable to attract more."
,Recommended,569480,33867660,Posted: 28 July,all,Otsomaani21,Kingdoms and Castles is a really good game but its also really hard.- I got to year 194 then it started lagging too much and i cant play it anymore :/
76561198064127242,Recommended,569480,33879953,Posted: 29 July,all,RATATATO,"This game is a city-development-based tower-defence.As a city development game, we can make my boxel-like city with various buildings.And NPCs walk through my city for their work.As a tower defence, we can build towrer and routes (walls) freely.Requests:- UIs.- Too small font and icons- Rush warning- Tutorial- Cheaper towers"
,Recommended,569480,33894547,Posted: 29 July,all,aoihekireki,"I really like this game.However, I hope that developers introduce a basic tutorial, I am still unclear of some of the functions of buildings in relation to others.Also, if there are end goals, I think it would be more fun.I have played several different kingdoms already, and available land was all filled up, with no clear goal in sight... unless this is the point of the game?It would be good of you could assign jobs to villagers, because sometimes they are doing something you don't need at that moment.Better highlighting of closed facilities. When I close a mine for example, it goes black and is not very clear so I forget about it and later in the game wonder why I don't have enough stone, etc.Really fun game with a lot of potential if developers really want advice from players and will develop more fo this game/"
76561198060329256,Recommended,569480,33903523,Posted: 30 July,all,Branbo,"Here's a little known fact that this game tought me: Structeres made of stone? yeah they burn.All things considered though it's a pretty decent game, just needs some tlc in the bug/game mechanics that make little to no sense department."
76561198147307587,Recommended,569480,33916093,Posted: 30 July,all,JewBear,10/10 very good game
76561198068615700,Recommended,569480,33923940,Posted: 31 July,all,Jake,"My only complaint is that it currently loses frame rate after 500 pop i7 1080, otherwise great game"
,Recommended,569480,33943926,Posted: 1 August,all,Travoki,"When i bought this game it seemed very promising but then i started and there was a very annoying graphical glitch and the hovels was not loaded. but i the gameplay-wise i didn't know what to do but i could've learnt how to play it but i was not happy with the glitchy graphics.I assume that these problems are because of my platform, mac, and i think from a windows POV i would recommend this game as a relaxing alternative to other games but i dont think this game supports mac graphics very well. for all i know this is just my macbook or the game and i think its a nice idea but the graphical glitches have hindered my experience severely.To conclude i'd recommend this game if your platform is windows but if it was mac i would be a tad skeptical.Hope this gets patched very soon as i would love to play this without the glitches!"
,Recommended,569480,33966517,Posted: 2 August,all,runex,good gameneeds multiplayer
,Recommended,569480,33979494,Posted: 2 August,all,dwarfdew,This game is quite possibaly the best city builder I've played in my entire life! The graphics are gorgeous the controls are tight its a shame you cant rebind them but ther're already bound to nice keys the gameplay is intuitive and easy to take in while still remaining indepth. So buy this game it is not getting enoughth attention and it is increadible!
76561198262215005,Recommended,569480,33982820,Posted: 2 August,all,Baphelon,"Amazing game, my only complaint is that the piece of land they put youon isn't large enough, i'd like a continent ~2-3 times the size of what is currently in the game, personally. or perhaps a setting to choose that size for yourself"
,Recommended,569480,34017515,Posted: 4 August,all,UnicornSwe,Awesome game!
76561198254690301,Recommended,569480,34025476,Posted: 4 August,all,ROTTEN PUMPKIN,i cant mine
,Recommended,569480,34033141,Posted: 5 August,all,[4thKGL] Sir Sam [FFF],"Hilarious when your flooded farm catches fire, while being attacked by a dragon, ogre and vikings.10/10 would def play again"
76561197991251572,Recommended,569480,34036761,Posted: 5 August,all,lowLYF,Excellent game. I would definitely recommend
76561198056785376,Recommended,569480,34037521,Posted: 5 August,all,Who is hampe?,Niceee
76561198271921621,Recommended,569480,34048531,Posted: 5 August,all,Mr awesome,i like the game a lot its just i like low poly non vilonce games like this
,Recommended,569480,34050184,Posted: 5 August,all,swfreak777,"For this to have been released only about 2 weeks ago, this game is pretty great!Pros:1. Nice smooth graphics (although the fog effect makes it annoying to take screenshots of larger cities)2. Good challange for those that want it such as myself3. Well balanced (except winters come rather quickly in late game as if the earth just suddenlt shifted on its axis lol)4. Has a lot of potential since its only 2 weeks old! (Developers please don't let this game die like so many on steam do!)Cons:1. Took me only about 5 hours to get as far as I could go...2. The dragon is kinda lame. It has a lot of health but only burns like 2 or 3 buildings that are easy to put out the fires on before it leaves.3. The graphics, while smooth and have a cool cartoon feel to them, look like they came out of an early 2000s xbox game."
,Recommended,569480,34054924,Posted: 6 August,all,WashedUp™,Id say its worth 10$ but not much content after the 1.5hr-2hr mark
,Recommended,569480,34061746,Posted: 6 August,all,WelshyXpro,This game is good and i recomend buying it because it is good for the money its in development and could be made better than it is but still a good game
,Recommended,569480,34071930,Posted: 6 August,all,chaotic2k,"This is actually a very fun and addicting games but it can have its few tweaks here and there, but since the developers are still updating this game I have no doubt they will figure solutions for them.These are some of the things that I hope get added to the game (that I can remember):-build your own map-disable unusable stones-more effecient forrester (takes up too much space and doesn't get me much wood even when I place it in a spot where all its reach has tress"
76561198241806098,Recommended,569480,34090122,Posted: 7 August,all,Mythoclast,We need more games like this! it would be a cool idea if we could make baren soil into fertile soil when we get tools. Like a gardener or something like that. so that you can make space for more of the orchard farms!! Keep up the good work and plz ad more cool worlds
,Recommended,569480,34095339,Posted: 7 August,all,Where Da Fook Is Maywedda,pretty fuuun
76561198109186164,Recommended,569480,35247773,Posted: 27 September,all,GH0STASSASSIN617,"I love this game and its very well paced and everything is well balanced, there are a couple bugs as me writing this but theyre just a dragon getting stuck in the sky and doing nothing or some graphical glitches with trees being viewd at the right angle in winter. I would highly suggest buying this game. Although i do wish the maps could be made bigger or smaller depeing on your tastes (me i want to make them a bit bigger) and for there to be multiplayer or an enemy AI to fight and or get rekt bye. Again i would highly suggest this game to anyone it's very easy to learn and play, enjoy mah dudes"
76561198420319686,Recommended,569480,35277575,Posted: 28 September,all,mrsfargo,"I got this game a little while ago... didn't seem very nice at first. But then I found the resolution settings and set it to 1920 * 1080 the game looks beautiful. After a while I almost gave up... all my cities were destroyed by dragons and vikings. I gabe the game one last chance and ... I love it! I built a thriving city! So those who are new to this game be patient, its worth it."
76561198052305823,Recommended,569480,35333569,Posted: 30 September,all,Accuser,"It's a wonderful little game, that is fun to play and not too hard. There is no wrong way to play, only ones who are more challenging. The only thing really annoying are those dragons. And not on the ""I burn down you're buildings"" way but when killed, they crash down and damage the building under it. If they land on a Stockpile or even a large Stockpile, they completly destroy it and every ressource on it."
76561198085969298,Recommended,569480,35352947,Posted: 30 September,all,UnicornGazzelle,Yes. play. it good.
76561198101861475,Recommended,569480,35377666,Posted: 1 October,all,"FATĐAMИ AkA ""MAUSER""",This game is fun even at this stage! Developer works hard and continues to add and repair. This game is fun and has so much potential too. Definitely worth the money and time.
,Recommended,569480,35382872,Posted: 1 October,all,Samurai Sandoicchi,"I find this game great, when I just want some relaxing city building. My only complaint is that the map size could very definitely be improved. At the point I'm at, I've filled up three full worlds and just have nowhere else to build. Improve the map size, and this game will get much more fun."
76561198161179507,Recommended,569480,35389371,Posted: 1 October,all,R@ngerRy@n,Its ok as strategy games go.I would add some more army units and micro management.
,Recommended,569480,33689054,Posted: 20 July,all,neowiz73,"fun, addictive medieval city building game with tower defense mechanics thrown in to make things interesting.  3 options for difficulty; passive, easy and hard. Which i'm surprised theirs not a ""normal"" setting.  but overall it's a lot of fun.since Banished isn't available for Linux this is a great alternative."
76561198096121761,Recommended,569480,33691932,Posted: 21 July,all,lil gumbo,"A cute lil' game, im having a blast so far and I cant stop playing it lol. Definitely worth it for 10 bucks."
,Recommended,569480,33696217,Posted: 21 July,all,Wolfardan,Perfect gameDid not found any cons
76561198107906818,Recommended,569480,33699247,Posted: 21 July,all,Tough Ant,"A great game so far. Requires multiple updates and bug fixes but that is what you expect on release. Building a town is satisfying but stressful. Viking raids and dragon raids give the game alot of challenge. My one complaint is the game is super calm then super stressful, an example is calmly building my city and collecting resources too having 4 viking raids and dragon raids at the same time burning half of your city without warning,"
76561197982543738,Recommended,569480,33699276,Posted: 21 July,all,Bill,"If you've ever wanted a smaller scale city builder with combat, this is the best one I've ever played. For 10 bucks you absolutely cannot go wrong."
,Recommended,569480,33700311,Posted: 21 July,all,gRiNpUp,"Though this game may not have as much depth as other titles might of similar genre, I wouldn't let this hold you back as what the game sets out to do in current state does it, and does it well.It's still in early access and there's a few things that can be improved upon, but the detail that you can find in the game is great, and if you want to just go out and make a cool looking castle then this is the game for you. Despite not being many options at this point in time the towns you can end up with can end up looking wonderful. Also I kind of like not having to micro-manage too much so that's another part of this game that appeals to me.Personally I find the difficulty in the non-peaceful modes a little relentless at this point in time, where I can barely refortify myself after an attack before another one comes along and destroys even more of your little town, but this could be seen as a good thing to some people as it gives you more to work towards.If you're looking for a great castle building game with a lot of potential and is easy to do, then this game is for you. If you're looking for something with a little more depth then maybe wait a while and see the sort of features that will come out in the future."
,Recommended,569480,33704786,Posted: 21 July,all,LiL_Pizza,"This is a very fun game. I don't know why people are complaining about it not having enough; it's a pre-alpha game, so it's going to have a lot of increasing to do. In all; this game is really worth $9.99."
76561197971483969,Recommended,569480,33707645,Posted: 21 July,all,no step on snek,"fun game if you liked banished, has a really comfy flair to it.only downside:after my village reached +600 peasants my framerate dropped to about 10fps, the game needs some optimization.my rig:I5-6600GTX970Z170S Sabertooth16gb memorySSD"
76561198090410727,Recommended,569480,33707702,Posted: 21 July,all,Scrungo_Beepis,"Is super fun and really well made, also pretty hard"
,Recommended,569480,33713421,Posted: 21 July,all,SunThrone,"I'm absolutely in love with this game. Very little complaints, though constant random fires and Viking invasions can get really annoying. Also, having trouble putting roads down. I'm at 79 years and I can't seem to put any roads down, bridges neither.Other than that, it's pretty great."
76561197970530870,Recommended,569480,33713925,Posted: 21 July,all,Rok,Fun little game! Addictive gameplay once you get rolling. Really like the attention to detail on smaller things like peasants carrying the actual supplies around town. Definitely recommend!
76561198023183707,Recommended,569480,33733628,Posted: 22 July,all,Loonsy,I RATHER ENJOY IT.I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IT FURTHER DEVELOPED.PLEASE OBLIGE.
,Recommended,569480,33733849,Posted: 22 July,all,Wave,"Great early start, Once above 600 citizens game becomes unbearable due to lag, optimization will fix this though in later updates hopefully."
,Recommended,569480,33733932,Posted: 22 July,all,Yukki Nomizu,fo rthe prices its a fun game too many people exspect a full expirence with a $10 game these days.-build a town-defend town-resoure for the towngood quick game with some plans down the road
76561198029506702,Recommended,569480,33739090,Posted: 23 July,all,stealth51,This game has all the feel of a Alpha/Beta release game... Most of the things work but you can tell it has major room for improvement... So why am I still giving it a thumbs up? It is less than 10 bucks and I love building/ castle defense games... and if you are reading my review chances are you do as well.I have played it for hours now and have had a lot of fun doing it even though the product is not finished in my eyes. As long as Development keeps going I will be happy.  I also droped 10 bucks on a Pizza the same night I bought this game and the Pizza is gone now... but I will have this game forever!
76561198207934399,Recommended,569480,33739850,Posted: 23 July,all,ThatBlockishWay,"Great fun, the space bar messing with the building interface I have opened is the only complaint Ive got"
76561198113760140,Recommended,569480,33742741,Posted: 23 July,all,alcatraZ cs.money,"Very fun and awsome game.Its easy to understand,not complicated,beautiful graphics and music.Strongly recommend this game."
76561198026386095,Recommended,569480,33751621,Posted: 23 July,all,erfqfrqe,"Great game, with devs that appear active in the forums and receptive to community ideas.The graphics are really pleasing on the eye, and there are lots of building types.It looks like the devs have some nice ideas in mind for the futue of the game and I'm looking forward to seeing what is next."
76561198274495424,Recommended,569480,33753096,Posted: 23 July,all,jammyjamez11,This game is absolutely fantastic. It's both therapeutic and challenging. It's really enjoyable trying to keep an equilibrium between all of the needs of the city. Thank you so much! I can't wait to see more upcoming content! :)
76561198130653531,Recommended,569480,33753191,Posted: 23 July,all,XxHughezxX,"This game is great! it's such a good little game which has great potential. I have played this game for about 9 hours now over the last few games and to be honest i've really enjoyed it especially after playing games such as Banished which, if you haven't played it, well, its a massive headache for a new player. However this game is simple, new and fun and for £6.99 you cant loose especially with the potential it has! However if I was to make some improvements to the game i would introduce features such as - A unit to repair rubble back to the original building - animal farms - Fishing huts - disasters like tornado's and tsunami's just to add a bit of variance to the game as fires just get repetitive. However overall it's a great game so I rate it 9.5/10"
,Recommended,569480,33795530,Posted: 25 July,all,Milotic ☘,Game is a good price with a play value of about 10 hours.
66642036072054012,Recommended,569480,33802170,Posted: 25 July,all,Xerxes,"Love This Game, Its Super Fun And Almost Doesn't Have Any Bugs, The Only Bug I Have Come Across Is One Where The Workers Glich, As In They Can Make There Mind About Being A Civ Or A Plauge Worker (Bad Spelling) I Think)"
,Recommended,569480,33817050,Posted: 26 July,all,Mad Pianist,"This is an incredible fun game. It hase so manz different aspects, strategy, building, fighting... you can build a massive city, or a glorious castle.Some things could be better-Animation of the Archer tower, (They jusxt shoot the arrows into the air without even touching the enemy)-Some more parts for the castle, like weapons etc.Everzbody who played banished or similar and was a fan of it, is going to be fully satisfied with this nice game!Defintely one of my favorite Games!7.79/10"
76561197971393647,Recommended,569480,33818054,Posted: 26 July,all,grandcentralstation1930,"It might be considered by most a strategy lite but it's exactly what I was looking for.  So far, my wife and I are both enjoying it.The positives:- music is enjoyable- graphics are simple but I like the overall look and feel (really nice small touches with the roofs lifting up on the food storage buildings)- different modes (peaceful, normal, hard).  Currently on peaceful. I'll probably try normal after getting through the basics.- relaxing and enjoyable really do come to mind primarily- castle building (haven't gotten there yet but that was a major draw)(NOTE: i know the list below seems larger than the one above but these are just things i would love to see or thought i should mention to temper what to expect so that the game doesn't get bad ratings from not meeting expectation)Not expected or hope will be added later:- it would be nice to have the ability to select different scaled maps (small, medium, large, huge).- i'm guessing the design decision regarding the lack of a tutorial was a conscious one but while it isn't difficult to figure out (and maybe I'm just used to having them) it felt like a missed opportunity to me.  I will say that the game does have advisors and the learning curve isn't too bad so maybe it just wouldn't make a big enough difference.- i am on peaceful so can't say for sure but i've heard the ai isn't the best for enemy detection (not confirmed just acknowledging it's possible so don't expect too much, i'm not)- also, we've just started but i'm going to hazard a guess that replay ability may be lower than I would hope (i really do like what i've been playing, I just don't know how many different ways it can be accomplished.. it just may not have the variation needed to be anything more than a distraction) but for an initial asking price of 10$ i think they have at more than covered what i would have expected (please don't compare it to a AAA game on deep, deep sale, that's not really fair)."
76561198043562536,Recommended,569480,33818748,Posted: 26 July,all,Ratzilla,"Kingdom and Castles is a good game.  It is easy to pick up if you like building games.  There isn't a whole lot of content right now so once you have built a legit awesome kingdom, you've done it all.  The game is in beta so hopefully more content comes out.  It is well worth the 10 bucks."
,Recommended,569480,33824353,Posted: 26 July,all,Mr Peanut,super fun.  medieval sim city.  excellent way to kill some time.  :)
76561198001221863,Recommended,569480,33849195,Posted: 27 July,all,Okamikazi,Do you love to build so much that you keep forgetting to build defenses that ends up getting your whole city destroyed and start over? Then this game is for you.
76561197997229301,Recommended,569480,33878028,Posted: 29 July,all,Comrade GhostmasteR,"Good kingdom simulator, a nice opportunity after Rimworld. Good luck for devs and huge profits!) Im waiting for futher updates and content - without them its only 7|10, but strong 7|10 !Read tutorials for more information and for proper managing of you growing pixel empire!"
,Recommended,569480,33879028,Posted: 29 July,all,1Dabs ✪Prince Abassi✪,"Pretty fun, but the price of the game is kinda high, i mean, its not alot of content more than just building a few buildings and protect your kingdom, the peasants low polly models is bad.. just 3 squares as head body and legs that dosent even animate.. the buildings look cool af tho..would probably be better when they release future updates and new things to do,would be cool if they read this :)my opinion so far, 8/10"
76561198030452212,Recommended,569480,33879263,Posted: 29 July,all,DertyQaz,"For $10 this is a great time waister.  It has just the rigt amount of challeneg to keep my attention.  Even playing on the easiest setting was a bit challenging.  I hope they can add in some new modes in the future.  Things I think would be cool are, play as vikings, attack other players, multiplayer, and a unlimited mode to just build with no worries."
76561197970419458,Recommended,569480,33880165,Posted: 29 July,all,Jflesch,Awesome game. Just not long enough and not enough content. Still worth 10 euros.
76561197960364023,Recommended,569480,33885545,Posted: 29 July,all,Dahita,"Excellent game. Perfect balance between ease of access and complexity. Graphics choices make for a really cute game, beautiful music too. I'm glad I was intigued enough to buy it, I would recommand to anyone enjoying games like the ""Settlers"" series or Stronghold.Congrats, keep them coming!"
,Recommended,569480,33894805,Posted: 29 July,all,Andaharoo,Great game! Unfortunately the game doesn't linearly scale with performance. Once I got to a population of 2000 my computer was sitting at 10fps. Not because of GPU problems (changing graphics settings wouldn't help) but the CPU couldn't handle it. I'm sure there's some clever optimization techniques that could still be implemented.
,Recommended,569480,33908760,Posted: 30 July,all,puzzlerpie,"The game itself has the base mechanics you would expect from any other city builder. What sets it apart though is that it has a cute design and much potential that can be easily built upon by either the games developers or the modding community.In its present state, there is no specific endgame, but it is self limiting based on the size of the map you are provided which I consider to be one of its present set backs, but so long as you are not playing on the easiest mode, you will still be able to make sure your kingdom is protected from dragons, vikings and ogres by building adequate defences.I would recommend this game. It is presently good in short bursts, and kills a bit of time in the afternoon.If there were things I could add to this game, it would be a larger map (much, much larger, ridiculously larger), more diverse housing and buildings, potentially even raising the influence of buildings already in existence to an expanding kingdom. I would also love to see a multiplayer element, even if it is only for a few players to see who would be able to build the largest kingdom and try to conquer the others."
,Recommended,569480,33950164,Posted: 1 August,all,Lelouch vi Brittania,"Quick-Fire Review:Has so far kept me amused for about 14 hours ; a good way to spend a couple of sleepless nights!Light-touch medieval/fantasy settingStraight-forward city-sim game with a nice gradually escalating threat (viking raids and dragon attacks)Graphics are simple but pleasing to the eyeMusic is decent, tad repetitive but that's what your own playlists are forLow complexity 'for now', good for a casual play and looking forward to new additions in the future!What my thumbs-up means to me: my basic principle is this; there are 1.30-2 hour long movies that I'd pay £10 or higher to own on DVD/Blu-Ray. It's hardly 1-to-1, but that vaguely means I'm happy to pay about £5 an hour for entertainment. For £6.99 I've so far enjoyed about 14 hours of Kingdoms and Castles, and I haven't even touched the 'hard' difficulty yet. I've enjoyed my time and it surpasses my ££-per-hour par nicely; so that's my thumbs-up!"
76561198045417122,Recommended,569480,33970133,Posted: 2 August,all,TOA91,It could do with a little more variety in terms of running a kingdom. Maybe  more emphasis on Military types or different walls/ palisades but still a very good game so far.
76561198131750618,Recommended,569480,33978740,Posted: 2 August,all,devon699,"The simple gamply and mechanics, paired with enjoyable graphics made a fun game, cant wait to see whats added in the future"
76561198401035925,Recommended,569480,33996502,Posted: 3 August,all,Doborah,"This is a Really Fun Game but the only problem I see with it now is there is not much to do and a small selections of building's, I hope they make the Vikings get harder and harder as you progress and add other lands to explor and conquer. Also maybe instead of Viking's have Opposing Kingdoms that will try to take over your Kingdom or you could attack them. I look forward to see what updates will be released And I most likely will revisit this game in the Future."
76561198103757004,Recommended,569480,34011284,Posted: 4 August,all,Aelita con Cuacamole,K&C is  everything i expected from Banished (which is in comparison just a glorified screensaver) and is up to become even more. If you like to build give it a chance. Can´t wait to see what the Devs are planning next.
,Recommended,569480,34013396,Posted: 4 August,all,Makkiduperz,"This game is amazing!The graphics are great but if you can go with them even further, that'd be amazing!Land/Continents should be bigger or atleast optional to have them gigantic.Bakers need to be a bit more useful.Towers and walls need to be a bit stronger.Blacksmiths need to be a bit more helpful.Dragons are too weak, they just fly around and get shot and burn maybe one house down and leave if they live.But the people just put out the dragonfire with wells.You need to fix that the farms on the other side of the map don't go to the large granary on the other side when thereis another huge granary closer by.Add a sandbox so you can play with defenses and how strong you can be. Just for a little fun!Add a multiplayer or other AI kingdoms to battle against! (on larger continent & optional)Add fishing docks to trade with AI, Multiplayer or fish.Add ships to defend coast, fish & travel if you want to set up an outpost on a different place on the continent.Add tiny barracks that soldiers are in and come out when enemy near by.Let us station soldiers to defend gates and other things.The largest home in the game with like 25 residents... wants neighbors???!!! WHAT?Add constructors. (that specificly construct houses, work faster and then you'll never be in much of a problem with building.)Add wildlife & hunters.Add a butchery.Add an NPC we can enter to view our settlement from the ground!"
,Recommended,569480,34027931,Posted: 4 August,all,Churchmf,Solid city builder good for at least a few hours. Colorful art style and well paced mechanics makes for an enjoyable time.
76561198260502981,Recommended,569480,34044347,Posted: 5 August,all,mikey,"Excellent game, low system requirements and is very time consuming. Great game!"
,Recommended,569480,34071305,Posted: 6 August,all,oGuttermoutho,"I'm really enjoying this game. Other than being a bit simplistic (but updates are going to make it that much more fun), I found myself building kingdom after kingdom 'til I got it right. Or... close to right.Very fun game!"
76561198063789796,Recommended,569480,34089783,Posted: 7 August,all,no good in good bye.,this good for you :)
76561198173231618,Recommended,569480,34144360,Posted: 10 August,all,viliamcarnoky,This game is cute
,Recommended,569480,35215447,Posted: 25 September,all,OutdoorOne,"Great alternative to the typical city builder,Kingdoms and Castlesis part tower defense along with city builder. Since the recent updates resolving graphical issues and fixing year lengths, I can confidently reccomend this game."
,Recommended,569480,35276934,Posted: 28 September,all,Potato Joe,"Fun, but short. Pretty replayable, though."
76561198422697264,Recommended,569480,35322572,Posted: 29 September,all,phillip.engdahl,It is good but it would much better if they had multiplayer or some kind of ports or navy.
76561198372131372,Recommended,569480,35415308,Posted: 2 October,all,StarlightMew,"Kingdoms and Castles is a well built game - that includes building towns,The game is great for someone that likes to build, the game makes you build from the grass to towns to kingdoms and castles. if you are still not 100% sure to buy this game go on youtube and search up some reviews."
,Recommended,569480,33686047,Posted: 20 July,all,cassembler,"No tutorial I could find, but the design is solid enough to not need one. Controls are intuitive, and the mechanics don't really need much explaining. Cannot wait to keep going, had to peel myself away.This is a worthy addition to the genre(s)!"
,Recommended,569480,33688466,Posted: 20 July,all,StegoSoreAss,"Probably one of the best games of its genre. Really nice pixel graphics combined with a Banished-style city building experience. Very easy to pick up - I found myself quickly understanding the game despite there being no tutorial!Once you've overcome your first few small challenges, it feels quite easy; I ended up just continuing to expand my city across 3 islands before realising just how easy it is to waste time on this little gem of a game.Can't wait for maybe some updates to building you can have (plus the Mason seems to have no use atm), will update as game develops."
,Recommended,569480,33689068,Posted: 20 July,all,Otische,"This is one of the best city-builder games I've ever played.  I saw this game and immediately bought it because of its relatively low price, its definitely worth your money!  I'm very interested for whats next and how/if they incorporate multiplayer into this (I think that if they do it right this will be one of the greatest city-builder games of all time)."
,Recommended,569480,33690119,Posted: 20 July,all,Chunseo,"At first I was a bit hesistant to buy this game due to my inexperience with city-building type games but I was looking for a relaxing and atmospheric game.This game is really relaxing due to the music and the gameplay, I was never really a fan of city-builders but now I am thanks to this game"
,Recommended,569480,33690670,Posted: 21 July,all,kru,There is a surprising amount of depth and subtlety to this tower-defense city-builder.
76561198095211695,Recommended,569480,33691139,Posted: 21 July,all,carbonated juice drink,"Not gonna lie, I sat down after buying this today and played it for 7 hours straight...AMAZING FUN, the only critique I could have is maybe to do with the amount of content available right now. The game could use more buildings or at least more options for the ones currently available, and maybe some variations in map design. 9/10, -1 only for those reasons I gave :)"
,Recommended,569480,33691810,Posted: 21 July,all,Tokri,"Great for people who like city builders and sandbox games. This game plays almost exactly like Banished. It also has some tower defense elements that make the game fun and engaging while you manage your resources. I do wish there were more buildings and farming was more fleshed out, similar to Banished. The farms are other industry buildings are more plop, and forget about them; I wish there was more to them."
76561197999924361,Recommended,569480,33693476,Posted: 21 July,all,Dante,"Great game. It could use a little more attention to micro-managing the economy, but still engaging. The design is smooth, the the harder setting is decently challenging, over all just a great romp building a little medieval city. Hopefully more build options come out in the future, and they balance the enemies somtimes just walking around you walls through the water.Defs recommend!"
,Recommended,569480,33699923,Posted: 21 July,all,Trollmesteren,A good citybuilder for a low price. Charming
76561198043920957,Recommended,569480,33705598,Posted: 21 July,all,Parandrus,Best thing about this game is that I changed my resolution from the default 600x480 to what it shouldve defaulted to 2560x1440 without screen flickering or waiting or even having to confirm the changes. the future is here. Except the game was riddled with problems for me that nobody else seems to have. Wonderful
,Recommended,569480,33791250,Posted: 25 July,all,Psiursus,"It's pretty awesome. A strong mix of Banished and Stonehearth if you need to compare it to something.Even the easy mode is messing me up pretty hard, I love the challenge. The AI are pretty darn good when they choose what direction to attack from. A few bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking yet. The art is great (good ol block style still a thing?), the music is relaxing, and so far I have not gotten bored of it yet after my 4th town."
,Recommended,569480,33885205,Posted: 29 July,all,fet fest,"Kingdoms and Castles - A simple medieval city builderBeing a big fan of the medieval era, city building and simulation games this was right up my alley.If you're into that kind of stuff as well I'm sure you will enjoy it too but please note that there are much work still required on this game, however I'm 10 hours in and don't see me stop playing this game anytime soon, especially not with the exciting updates coming.An important thing to mention as well is that you manage it all yourself when it comes to city planning. You manually place down everything so it's not a game like SimCity or Citites: Skylines where buildings are random, however anything you place down has to be built by your citizens which is simulated.I will now list my personal pros and cons for this game.Pros:+ Beautiful artstyle.+ Very simple and easy to play, if you like games where you get the hang of the game in a matter of minutes this game is perfect, it's also very simple which is a turn off for players who really likes to customize every aspect of a city.+ Enemies and other catastrophes makes for a fine challenge and can halt the success of your kingdom.Cons:- Very limited things to build and basically no variety of anything.- Performance and bug issues.- Many things could be betterI definitely recommend this game if you like this genre, however if you feel unsure whether to buy it or not I would recommend you to wait for a while as there's not that much to do at the moment. The developers are working hard right now when it comes to updates which is great because at the moment it really does feel like an early version and should not be classified as a full game.I have made my own thread of wishes for the game which you can check out if you'd like.http://steamcommunity.com/app/569480/discussions/0/1471966894874654076/My rating for the game would be 6.5/10 as of now.I believe it has a potential of 8 or even 9/10 if they add and fix many things.Please leave feedback or ask a question below!"
76561198056357544,Recommended,569480,33894673,Posted: 29 July,all,Half-Life 3,fun game. love the art style and music. simple yet fun
,Recommended,569480,33912413,Posted: 30 July,all,Killerbro Studio,"This game is amazing.  I love it, and so does my little brother.  You can build up a castle/kingdom from nothing.  The beginning is for the most part easy but with the raids it gets pretty tricky if you have no defense.  I also really like the army feature, but I haven't gotten to that just yet.  Anyway, with all that said, I would recommend this game to others.  The only thing it lacks is sort of a technology system, where you could maybe start using guns and tanks and what not, but it's still a pretty fun game which I won't consider refunding!"
76561198380029750,Recommended,569480,33917131,Posted: 30 July,all,Yolomanguydude,very entertaining.  Easy to lose hours playing this game. Has Lots of potential.
76561197970712242,Recommended,569480,33921248,Posted: 30 July,all,ithaqua,"Very good. The only thing I really dislike is how often fires happen. It feels like busy work to make up for lack of content. I understand that it has a play mechanic behind it, that your defenses could be weaker when an attack hits but the bottom line is that babysitting burnt down buildings is NOT fun and that is what a lot of the game consists of at the moment. But I love the look and it has great potential. This is a solid recomendadion for a game that is still being worked on.  Looking forward to each update."
76561198072694930,Recommended,569480,33921311,Posted: 30 July,all,Smoolz,"Pretty fun little fortress building game. Reminds me of Dwarf Fortress or Rimworld, but it is significantly easier to get the hang of. Randomly generated worlds are fun to switch through, endless replayability. I wish there was more to do though. I have survived for centuries now and it is starting to get a bit repetitive. I wish there were more things to build in every category. Maybe the addition of a tech tree connected to the library would be cool. Just needs more buildings! Additionally, there should be a way to choose how many workers work in a particular structure, not just an open/close switch for the structure. I like the simple graphics as well, they look good and don't slow the game down at all. Music is pretty good too!"
76561198118750332,Recommended,569480,33938576,Posted: 31 July,all,SpookyAnime666,"Great game, worth the moneyTiny people 11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,569480,33941356,Posted: 31 July,all,dtmy_90,Love how vibrant yet simple the visuals are. Gameplay is simple enough to catch on. Very addicting! Love it!
76561198265566423,Recommended,569480,33953757,Posted: 1 August,all,KBK.,"This game was amazing i put over 7 hours in the first 2 days, The peaceful mode somewhat of a time waster and a little relaxing, the music fit the feel of the game. One of my favourite parts of this game is seeing your keep evolve into a kingdom,"
,Recommended,569480,33983074,Posted: 2 August,all,Sir TipsFedora,"Loved playing the benevolent King. It is a lot of hard work though, so I played malevolent King. Either way, this game is really fun"
,Recommended,569480,34034361,Posted: 5 August,all,UndedVet,Not bad I find this game to be a nice casual version of banished. Good for those who found banished to be just a bit too much.
76561198086978424,Recommended,569480,34065122,Posted: 6 August,all,Makk,"This is kind of a first impressions thing, I've only played for like 15 hours... but this game is definitely worth its price. Although I can agree that maybe some content is lacking and the VR update seems completely stupid to me, the game is really simple and fun. I learned things based on experience while building up my Kingdom, and really felt like I had to manage my choices of buildings wisely for the good of the people living within my City. You also need to manage your peasants, and sometimes have to sacrifice the happiness of the people, for the good of the people. Honestly, sometimes it feels like the peasants can be total cry babies... but it adds more things for you to do. So far, with my sort of early Kingdom, I find that I never really have enough people or enough of anything to really do what I want, which is a problem I had in other building games. I felt like things were just handed to me to build, and I didn't have to worry too much about one structure, in this game, you need to make sure every single building will have a positive effect on the town/city/village whatever. Maybe I'll eventually get bored of it down the road once I've done everything, but for now I can say that it's quite enjoyable.As for negatives of the game, I only really have small complaints. Sometimes, the peasants are complete idiots, they'll take really complicated paths to somewhere they need to be which they dont have to, usually it involves the peasants having food wasted because they took such a stupid route. Also, maybe this is a feature already, but I'm not sure if it's possible for you to set your own customizable limit to who is working at each structure... so far I've had to completely close down an entire structure in order to get them off their butts to go build the thing I want them to build for me elsewhere. Controlling your heroes to fight off invaders can be really annoying too, because sometimes when I send a hero to a group of invaders, he attacks one of them then stands there are the others advance in to my City.TL;DR, The game so far for me has been pretty enjoyable, with some issues that do bother me but nothing I can't really look past and enjoy it. Overall, really fun time!"
,Recommended,569480,34089721,Posted: 7 August,all,Xiupan,"Somewhere in between Banished and Stronghold lies this game! You can choose to play in a relaxed mode where it's just your city versus the elements and nature. Or you can throw dragons and vikings into the mix for some more variety! Either way, an excellent amount of content for $10!"
76561198071965366,Recommended,569480,34091279,Posted: 7 August,all,StarTropics,Really fun game but I find the replayability is a bit lacking. Its similar to Banished but easier to pick up and play less indepth.This game could have been great if there were more building options as well as maybe a trading post.  Also a variety of crops or the adition of pastures would have been great or more ore types than just iron and stone.I see some of these features listed as future development. Although I did not see an Early Access tag on this title.This game is well worth the 10 bucks I spent on it but not something I see myself playing long term.Overall: 7.5/10
76561198135112478,Recommended,569480,34094059,Posted: 7 August,all,orio slinger,"Although I have only played this game for 7.5 hours I still love the game, and anyone that thinks that this is a mid-evil Minecraft or some other crap are completely incorrect. This beautiful game is here to split the true line between Minecraft and basic mmo's, the game has wonderful yet basic graphics. Enough to be able to be used by gamers that dont have real time to play for hours on end, but now comes my list of problems and mistakes. First off is the vikings, I think they come in abit to early and kind of become abit of a difficult thing to stand when you are getting the entire defense set up. Second is that I think they should make it to where they arent as powerful at first and as they win and lose the algorithms will change to compensate it, it is alot of work but it will keep more players in the long run. Second are the ogres, I understand that they are meant to be as sorts of mini bosses but they seem abit overpowered and come in way too large of numbers. For example, I was playing my game, I defeated my first viking raid and, I was all happy and everything, but the year later I see Ive got another viking attack coming and I think, ""Hey! Another group to devestate!"" but it instead was the opposite with 8 viking ships with another 3 and/or 4 ogres with them, they devestated my entire town and it took me several ingame years to rebuild, and right afterwards I got a dragon attack that lasted for an entire HOUR had directly afterwards a viking attack that destroyed whatever the dragon left for scraps. So all in all it is a beautiful game but there are still bugs to be fixed and I would honestly like to see how far this game and its community can expand."
,Recommended,569480,34094762,Posted: 7 August,all,greyson,♥♥♥♥in good game dud
76561198282420539,Recommended,569480,35161967,Posted: 23 September,all,pogoshadow,"A really nice game! So simple but yet so well made i played it a lot and had fun. I highly recommend this game, I wish there was an online option where you could play with your friends in some way, not only against eachother but also together on the same island against other players."
76561198065040578,Recommended,569480,33684165,Posted: 20 July,all,OnePuddleUnder,"I've only played one round, and I freaking love it. Builds great resourceful empire. People are happy all is well.Viking attack. Had two sole outposts. Lose all my progress. 10/10 would let vikings burn again."
,Recommended,569480,33686986,Posted: 20 July,all,Puffer Fish,"I love playing city builder and simulation games. My review is totally biased because of that. I also don't write reviews very often so I'll try to keep this short but I'll probably failMy view on this game: It feels like a megablox-style cousin to Banished, which I love both for and in spite of all its flaws.You start by choosing a randomly generated map, then placing your castle keep, off of which you build roads. You can only build your other buildings within proximity to these roads, and you can only place buildings when you have enough materials to build them. There is no 'place it now, pause it until you can afford it' like in Banished. You cannot pre-plan your city in-game.Your castle keep has 3 'advisors'. Agricultural, Social (or something like that), and MIlitary. The first two don't really tell you anything your UI can't tell you. 'Your people are starving! We need more food!"" and ""If we make the villagers happier, we can raise our taxes!"". I was expecting the advisors to be a little more tutorial-like, especially since there's a setting to turn them off. BUT the final advisor, the military one...she is actually useful for foreshadowing of attacks.Because I play games like this often, I roughly knew what I was doing in terms of what I needed to  build and stuff. But I admit I was not prepared for the attacks or illnesses, and suffered for it. If you are a complete newbie to city building games, this may be a little frustrating at first due to its lack of hand holding.But since it's so new, it has a very quick 'endgame', so it is easy to start over and try again and see if you can get ballistae built before the first dragon appears, or a wall or two up with archers before vikings come by sea.The only reason i'm not still playing it right now is because I got to year 62 on my first city in one sitting and need a break!SUMMARY:Pros - Fun graphics, appropriate challenge balance, logical villager pathing (unlike Banished), amusing name generator (I've been following a villager named Fearjoey for about 20 years now since I know which farm he works at), active developers, and clear promise for the future of the game. I feel that the price of $9.99 is fully appropriate for what the game is right now.Cons - no tutorial for new players, a few non-game-breaking bugs (to be expected), no way to pin a certain villager's info to the screen if you want to follow them around (but that's probably just my years of RollerCoaster Tycoon and now Banished talking), and MOST IMPORTANTLY no way to pre-plan the city.Overall I'd recommend getting it if you like these kinds of games! It's already very well done and it can only get better from here. I think it has a lot of replayability and I look forward to losing 19 more villagers to plague when my hospital only needs 4 more wood transported to finish construction."
,Recommended,569480,33688176,Posted: 20 July,all,beefmaestro,This game reminds me of how I used to play stronghold crusader in sandbox mode. Building up a big awesome castle and then spawning in enemies to see if it would survive or not. The gameplay is pretty fun but there isn't much explanation of how to do things. For example the advisors will tell you that you should increase taxes- but they don't tell you that you have to build a specific building to actually tax your subjects.
,Recommended,569480,33688231,Posted: 20 July,all,dpunk3,"This is basically one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Facebook city builders, but it's actually good and doesn't have ads.I really like it, easy to understand gameplay and different modes to choose from for those who just wanna relax and build or do hardcore city defense. Only 2 downsides, you can't expand too much seeing as you have only so much room to work with, plus there's no tutorial for basic stuff if you're just starting. The advisors get really annoying really quickly (as does learning how to play), but I still can't figure out the more advanced stuff that a tutorial would be useful for, like iron. Maybe I just don't have any in my world or something but I can't use the more advanced stuff including infantry, armies, etc because I either can't figure it out (no wiki) and there was no explanation because, again, no tutorial. That aside, you can turn off the advisors.All in all, good game.]"
76561198064772769,Recommended,569480,33688297,Posted: 20 July,all,Leather,"It's everything I wanted banished to be, but actually finished, and good10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,569480,33690017,Posted: 20 July,all,Silo,"After 4 hours of gameplay I'm still enjoying my time! The game has no tutorial that I've seen but could use one to cover the basics :-) Until then, make your first map on the easiest mode to get a feel for early game priorities."
,Recommended,569480,33690853,Posted: 21 July,all,JETTORITO,"This game is absolutely amazing,I first knew this game back when it was still being funded by Kickstarter, and at that point i saw the trailer and knew this was the one! i was eagered to play this game so bad, and finally i got to play it. Overall the game feels smooth and easy to use mechanics. I highly recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of building bases and survival!!!!Pros-the graphics-the viking attacks and dragons-how the people work-almost everythingCons-i played for 3 hours and i have already finished 50% of my island's land.........hopefully the creators help make the game feel much more longer by making the map bigger.-needs more defence choice-needs more building designs and structures"
76561197966519381,Recommended,569480,33692354,Posted: 21 July,all,Calmb4,"Quite good AoE game with raiders.There are some annoyances like removing a tree to build a road and waiting patiently for peasants to cut down every other tree first, a priority system would be nice. I would love to have fishing, little fishing boats, peasants fishing off piers, I dunno, I like fishing. Another issue is height, even in the days of Populous you had different levels of terrain, wanna build an Edinburgh city style castle? No, cos there's no hills, its a Holland simulator.For the most part this is a promising looking game, very relaxing if somewhat detached, less of a god game more a city planner, voyeur experience."
76561197964373272,Recommended,569480,33692477,Posted: 21 July,all,Ninjazz,"(TLDR at bottom.)If you like building up a kingdom in games like Settlers or Anno, yet hate the tedium of detailed resource management, (and the massive time investment) this game might be what you're looking for. Honestly this one came out of nowhere for me, and within a couple of minutes of seeing it, I bought it.I'm glad I did.https://youtu.be/CU87YTuT83MThere's a lot to like here in a little, inexpensive package. From the charming graphics, or satisfying pace, to the gameplay where everything does almost exactly what you would expect it to do, for anyone who is a fan of medieval style or fantasy city builders, Kingdoms and Castles really scratches the itch.Give orders for your people to start building some roads, homes, and farms, and everything just expands from there. You can watch each individual little person while they're on the job, and they all have their own names, age, and job experience levels.Adding to the fun is the pressure of having Viking raiders or Dragons sweep in and attack your city. I should say ""light"" pressure though, as while they do pose a threat, they won't completely thrash your city. More likely they'll just cause a bit of a annoyance. Don't like even the suggestion of violent hordes attacking? You can turn off invaders entirely.The pace of the game is another thing that adds to enjoyment. I play a lot of city builders, and here's one where you can only play for a couple of hours and have a pretty substantial kingdom going. Unlike some other city builders you won't waste away 4-6 hours just to build up a stable island fishing village and lumberyard with a few houses in it. *Frowns at Anno* Kingdoms and Castles can be played in a single sitting, and it won't leave you waiting around for ages while a certain resource builds up. The whole process feels much smoother and faster.If there's much of a negative point to the game, it's that because of that pace, it won't take you forever to reach the climax of what you can build. The number of buildings and resources is not particularly expansive. It's more on par with what you'd expect to see in your standard RTS. You will get to the point where you've built them all, and then you'll start rearranging buildings in your kingdom to better fit your grand designs.There's also something to be said of the little details and polish. Click on granary, and the roof will slide off it so you can see inside. When a peasant dies, it tells you how they died. I had a few people die of ""mysterious circumstances"" and noticed someone running around my town looking suspiciously like V from ""V for Vendetta."" Little bits like this add a bit more  fun and color to the game.All in all I have to say, while the game is a bit light on content, for the small price tag there is a lot of fun to be had here, making it an easy one to recommend.PROS:-Simple yet charming graphics.-Runs Well-Easy to jump into-Pace is quicker than many other city builders.-PolishedCONS:-Content is a bit on the light side.-World size is pretty limitedOTHER:-Not really a con, but multiplayer would be a blast in a game like this.TLDR:Great little game for getting in some city building fun without breaking the bank or the clock. Not ideal for those looking for a really intensive detailed city builder though."
,Recommended,569480,33692990,Posted: 21 July,all,Majestic,"This is a great little game.The art style is fantastic and vibrant. The way the weather and seasons change the aethestics of the game as you play are just fabulous and really add to the atmosphere. I found myself getting lost in a single, 6 hour sitting. The music compliments the style wonderfully and watching your little people knock about their lives is great. The town defense is fun and not constant enough that you can enjoy building up your city in the lulls inbetween, though it would be nice to see some more variety in the types of enemies and defense.All together this is a great game and well worth it at the £6.99 (GBP) price point - I would have paid more and still walked away happy.I can't complain about the content at this price point but the game is so pretty and fun that it just makes me wish there was more to it. Its a little on the shallow side - I'd love to see more buildings, more customisation (fountains? street lamps? flower beds?) to just start plopping down once you start to get comfortable in a region. I'd also like to see ways to make the movement of goods more effient, since at the moment, every Winter, large amounts of food aren't being stored in time despite me having lots of Grannarys close by. Maybe upgradable roads or the introduction of carts to allow your peasants carry more at once?TL;DR - Great game at this price, I just wish there was more! Strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,569480,33693513,Posted: 21 July,all,△Ode2Order,"I came across this game by accident and read the reviews. They were promising, and since I graduated recently, I decided to treat myself to this. I'm happy I did. I just played for 1.5h and there are definitely more hours to come. If you're looking for a game similar to Banished but a bit more friendly to you, this is it.If you're put off by the cartoonesque graphics, I can assure you it doesn't break the immersion in the game. If anything, it makes you more protective of your kingdom because it is reminiscent of toy kingdoms (LEGO® or otherwise).The music is really good and draws you into the game even more!Those were the cosmetic aspects... Gameplay-wise? A gem. Although there is no tutorial, camera controls are explained as soon as you want to start a new game. You're pointed to the advisors in your keep if you're stuck, but after a while you'll have grasped the basics of the game and won't need them any more. Building is a piece of cake, and every possible building has clear tooltips describing what it's useful for. There are a couple of bugs (mostly visual) but none that are actually game-breaking or that really bother you.Best of all? It's only a tenner! Judging from my first 1.5h of playing, I say it's worth double the amount. I'm going to have so much more fun playing this game, and I hope you will too!"
,Recommended,569480,33696669,Posted: 21 July,all,Hustle Cam,"I hope to see more content in the future, or atleast make it moddable. Though at the moment it's very fun."
76561198158101298,Recommended,569480,33697999,Posted: 21 July,all,Deian,"It is a very nice game (I love it's artwork!) . In my opinion, one downside would be the time it takes for the peasants to store the food into the granaries. I think it takes them too much to do this, but the rest is very well done.  Keep up the good work !"
,Recommended,569480,33703146,Posted: 21 July,all,TurtleCage,Like these kinda games? Buy this
,Recommended,569480,33708430,Posted: 21 July,all,Kojema,It's cheap fun. Simple city building and managing with a some challenge.
,Recommended,569480,33708734,Posted: 21 July,all,Muldjord,"You like the original Settlers and Settlers 2? Then this game is for you!It's basically exactly what you expect it to be. Create a buzzling settlement from the ground up all the while defending yourself from dragons and vikings. Oh, and plagues and famine. There's always some stuff going on that keeps you on your toes. But not to an extend where you don't get to enjoy your creation in the sombre times inbetween the havoc. Just make sure you don't neglect to build your defenses!You'll learn a few things along the way. And after a while you get the hang of it and figure out the recipee for success. And then you can start expanding like crazy. Take up all the land!I love this game! :) Cute and enjoyable."
76561198013377787,Recommended,569480,33709321,Posted: 21 July,all,Tiberious Of Elona,This is a great game if you enjoy this genre. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,569480,33709758,Posted: 21 July,all,Velveeta Lethargy Drink,It's a pretty addictive game with an interesting aesthetic. Definitely worth ten dollars.
76561198067659750,Recommended,569480,33711648,Posted: 21 July,all,MemeDuck,"Great simple game , its similar to banished , if you have ever played that , they announced free dlcs which is great also"
,Recommended,569480,33713197,Posted: 21 July,all,Everyday44,"So far I have 3 hours in-game and I am loving it.First of all I love city builders and the medieval time line.This game is a city builder, if you don't like that then you might as well stay away.  It's going to be repetitive but that's not what this is about, it's about creativity and your imagination.  You could literally work on one save endlessly because of how you want each little thing to look.There's currently 3 modes.  Easy, Normal, Hard.  And it ranges from peaceful no enemies, to a dragon or viking army here and there to the constant struggle of enemies.You could build the best city ever but if you do not have the defences and the army to stop them everything will be destroyed.The Devs seems to be really active, I bought this game yesterday and they already released another update today.Also if you want to build a giant tower and put either the archer tower or the balista tower, you can shoot from one side of the map to the other.  The tower ranges are effected by the height of the wall you put them on.Pros:  Medieval City builderCan amass an army to fight off the enemies & build defencesEndless hours of funDevs are constantly working and releasing updatesCons: Only 2 types of buildable defences at the moment.  Archer tower & balista tower.Starting off is slow but once you get enough villagers working for you it's great."
,Recommended,569480,33713672,Posted: 21 July,all,grimfate,"Pros/Cons:+ Looks good+ Easy to figure out without tutorial+ Simplistic enough to be relaxing, but still has some depth to it+ Good price+/- Vikings add some conflict, but combat doesn't feel great- Simplicity and lack of content keep games from being interesting for more than a few hours- Not a lot of replayability- Performance becomes an issue as your population grows- Island size is rather small (but aforementioned performance issues may be the reason why)- Dragon just become pesky once you have decent defensesRemarks:- I have spent 8 hours on the game so far, which is 2 hours trying the game out, and then 6 hours on a new map, at the point where I feel like continuing is unrewarding. This game is probably best to play while you are doing something else or played a couple hours at a time to kill time.- The price of the game makes it worth a purchase for me, especially with the promise of free DLC in future, but any more expensive and I would consider the content too lacking to bother with.- I initially liked simplicity of the game, figuring most stuff out without needing a tutorial, but after a few hours you can have all the building types built and there really isn't anything else to keep you going, besides the desire to fill up the entire island. The lack of depth, lack of content and relatively small island is problematic for replayability. I will probably play it 1 more time, just because now I feel I know how almost everything works and I want to see if I can do things any better.- I didn't like the viking attacks very much. Something about combat prevented it from being good. Probably because enemies don't have health bars, making it hard to tell how effective you attacks are being, and ogres feel way too powerful, smashing through walls pretty easily. I'm also a little disappointed in how your army works. Basically, you can buy up to 3 ""heroes"" (basically generic general units) and recruit soldiers you train to follow any of these generals. But when you are attacked, you have to manually control the movement of your heroes and it seemed like placing them near enemies did nothing, so I'm not entirely sure at this point how to trigger your army to attack, unless it is constantly moving it into the path of the enemy.- Performance gets real bad as the game goes on. This is a CPU issue, and I suspect it has to do with simulating hundreds of peasants. (For reference, my CPU is a 3.1GHZ, 4-core, i5-2400.) I was going from ~90fps at the start to ~15fps with 1,000 peasants. Notunplayable, but it's getting close.Verdict: 6.5/10. It's a good looking game that will likely keep you entertained for several hours, but the lack of content and any real depth hurt the longetivity and replayability, saved from a terrible score by a suitable price point."
,Recommended,569480,33747511,Posted: 23 July,all,TheIvoryKitty,"I really like it. You do get to a point after like 5 -7 hours where you've got nothing else to build because you feel like your city is 'complete'. But, hey, that's why this is early access. Vikings, Ogres, and Dragons become more difficult to fend off as time goes on, driving you to build more fortifications, which is nice. The beginning allows a lot of learning time before that happens though. I'm really looking forward to seeing where this game goes."
76561198039672559,Recommended,569480,33747758,Posted: 23 July,all,warhorsenumber4,Good fun.  Well worth the asking price.
,Recommended,569480,33748938,Posted: 23 July,all,Calanon,"This game is pretty basic as it stands but it's pretty neat and fun. Whilst there are a lot of things that need fixing (household heads don't seem to pick up charcoal, for instance) the devs seem keen to fix issues and release new content for the game. It certainly has a lot of potential and I'm eager to see it grow."
76561198084361895,Recommended,569480,33749318,Posted: 23 July,all,Harry Kappa,"To all people who complain how simple this game is, there are planned FREE dlc from the dev, with more updates to come. Dev is very active and is looking foward to your feedbacks. Game is pretty nice and worth the full price for sure."
,Recommended,569480,33754598,Posted: 23 July,all,BloodyWarrior,"Entertaining game to keep yourself busy for a couple of hours, and easy to play!"
76561198003174259,Recommended,569480,33756203,Posted: 23 July,all,CrankyCoon,"What a fun little castle builder!I love games where I get to build a castle.  The Stronghold series is famous for that, but over time that aspect gave way for a combat focused.  There is combat in this game, however, it is not the meat and bones of it.  In fact, you shouldn't buy it for the combat.  In the end you'll build these tall towers that have weapons on top of them, and it totally ruins the look of the castle.  Instead, opt to play ""easy"" mode.  There is no combat what so ever, and really helps the game shine.Once you learn the mechanics, it's fairly simple, but that's the fun in it.  You can design a castle, make a city like in Attack on Titan, or have a huge wall surrounding your city.  That's the fun in this game.  No fuss, no thrills, just fun castle building.Don't expect much with the combat.  It's mostly tower defense.  It's not a RTS, you won't many hundreds of units, etc.  It's just a nice little addition.  Seeing a dragon fly over head is fun, but the vikings aren't too fun at all.A great part is that maps can be randomly generated.  So you can build multiple little castles across islands, or one huge castle on a huge patch of land.  Or, you can build piers and make it a watery castle.  The choices are endless.The devs have more things planned for the game in the future as well, so for the current price of $10, it was an easy deal for me.The music and graphics are spot on.  The graphics are simple, but that really adds charm to the castle aspect of it.  The music is calming as well.  It's a fun, no fuss, city builder.There are some popular, negative reviews, but what do people expect for $10?  SIm City?  No.  Don't expect that.  Expect a fun little castle builder."
76561198116688791,Recommended,569480,33756355,Posted: 23 July,all,PsychoBob,"At first glance I thought this game looked kinda meh. Then I saw a twitch streamer try it out and it instantly got me intrigued. Decided to buy it and try it for myself and hours and hours later I found myself completely captivated by my own creation and watching my minions serve me. Overall, a good strategy city sim builder with some elements of RTS. I hope the devs add more features in the future because I can see the potential to add more unique units or buildings. And it's only 10 bucks! So try it out!"
76561198133121363,Recommended,569480,33757602,Posted: 23 July,all,Oligator,"The concept of this game and the amount good reviews are mostly why i bought this game.At first, i was not that much impressed by the game but 5 hours in, i was already addicted.You make a city that personally feel a bit slow in the beginning but the more you expand, the more you start to feel like you have a fortified kingdom so the more it gets faster and  this is when you start really enjoying the game.Honestly, you should try this game. Worth it's price."
76561198036916225,Recommended,569480,33758799,Posted: 23 July,all,anime is cool,best game na it is simple and easy but also massively expandable i dont normally write reviews but this game is fantastic if u get bored about 3 hours in restart and everthing will flow much smoother i recomend playing normal it can be annoying at  times but it is more fun also if u start to feel like u are running out of things to do do the achievements it is alot of fun to min/max to try to get 5000 population for the max achievement
,Recommended,569480,33775424,Posted: 24 July,all,Heinyken,"City builder & management sim a lot like Banished & Gnomoria. Pretty simple control scheme and simplistic gameplay, but very worth 11 hours of fun! Low replayability, but not non-existant.I love this type of game, and I was very happy with this one."
76561197998858028,Recommended,569480,33778388,Posted: 24 July,all,Spiritspazz,"Over all this is a good game with 3 glaring faults that keep it from becoming a great game.  If you are looking for something relaxing to idle away a few hours, this is a good game.  If you are looking for a city builder with depth, you should pass on this title.  I like the game overall, but it will be for the nights I want to veg. out and relax.  At $10.00, I am satisfied with my purchase.THE GOOD;Every thing just plain works.  It should take no more than an hour to grasp the mechanics of the game.  You start out with 5 villagers, the first thing you need to do is collect wood.  You select a tree and select chop.  An idle villager will go cut down the tree (note, a tree cut down in this manner will not regrow).    Once you have enough wood, you build a few houses and farms.  As you get more villagers and resources, you start mining stone and charcole.  You need stone and wood to build a well.  You need a well to fight fires (note the coverage area when you place the well).  Your villagers need charcole to cook and warm their homes.  Next you should build foresters as they automatically cut down wood and replant trees.  Always make sure you have idle villagers before you place new buildings.  Each building tells you how many people it employes in the tool tip.I saw a few complaints about pathing, this really isn't true.  Your villagers favor using roadways over taking the shortest route.  Place your Graineries near your farms with the door facing the road, and you will have no trouble collecting food in a timely manner.  In the same vein, place stock piles near major ore deposits to hasten collection of those resources.  Place Bakeries and markets near your neighborhoods so your residence have easy access to food.  You get the picture, place related items near each other for efficiency!  Always insure you have enough idle villagers to do your bidding.To get gold you have to tax your citizens.  Tax them too high and their happiness level will quickly decline.The graphics are certainly not up to todays standards, but they are charming enough and work fine for this game.  My current city takes up 3/4 of a map with north of 600 peeps, and I have noticed no slow down on my rig (core i7 4770 with a gtx 1070 and 32gb of ram).THE BAD;  I will list these in order of least to most troublesome.Fires are completely random, except for dragon induced.  Anything can go up in flames!  I've had my well catch fire, a stone statue, even roadways!  Just silly, but, overall not a real detraction.  If you have a well nearby as well as villagers, they will put out the fire and save the building.Combat just barely works.  You have to guide your troops in to the path of the enemy.  The enemy will walk through them taking whatever damage your army can accomplish.  Then you have to move your army into the path of the enemy again.  You cannot tell your troops to attack, and they do not lock on and follow.  Pretty annoying, but the Viking attacks fairly rare (at least on normal difficulty).Lack of content is by far the biggest detraction to this game.  As you reach a couple hundred villagers, you will start noticing you have more and more idle villagers.  You are no longer having resource issues, in fact you have a stockpile of everything (ie. no need to build more industry).  Unfortunately, there really isn't anything else to do with all the idle villagers you have, and as they add up your happiness level goes down.  So you build businesses you don't need and more and more housing to keep getting bigger.  That is about all there is to do as you get late into the game.  Build towers so there range overlaps, and dragons just die.  All you have left to look forward to are the Viking attacks with crappy mechanics making it more of an annoyance than anything else.  There really need to be more buildings available to soak up the extra villagers without adding to your stockpile of resources!"
76561198167686193,Recommended,569480,33778471,Posted: 24 July,all,Triceracop,"quite good, quite good indeed"
76561198398854193,Recommended,569480,33778566,Posted: 24 July,all,Sharia Le Cuck,This is a good game. Ill be frank this is by nearly all standards a good well rounded game. Its fun to play. Its sometimes difficult. Each game can be completely different but the goal is all the same. I think that also for the price its a good buy. This game is very easy to pick up I'd say as I didnt even play the tutorials and went straight in. Honestly I really dont have a negative point towards the game except that farms should be placeable next to any source of water despite the times fertility rating. Otherwise its a very balanced and fun to play city/castle building experience. 9/10
76561198008076841,Recommended,569480,33796065,Posted: 25 July,all,lorddelafunk,"This game is a lot of fun, if you like the look of it.  It's not too complicated, great to play for a binge.I'm excited to see how the developer takes this game.  It's missing in info screens that would really help see what's going on.  It could learn a lesson or two from RimWorld in that regard."
,Recommended,569480,33803722,Posted: 26 July,all,JEST3R,good game to leave in the background.
76561198192077998,Recommended,569480,33809774,Posted: 26 July,all,Rebellution,"Awesome Game, yet soo broken and unfinished at the same time. Clearly lacks polish but whats available is indeed fun, issues I noticed while playing. Soldiers are weak and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with little to no Path findings plus you only get to build 3 squad of soldiers to defend while more than 9 squad of vikings can spawn at the same time. Orges come in packs takes forever to kill and aim straight for towers punishing players that dont focus on walls early, Villagers starving despite having sufficient food and bakers.5/10 - IGNToo much Water"
,Recommended,569480,33819295,Posted: 26 July,all,Ching Chong,"I very much like this game, its simple but still complex. There are some things that could be either changed or bettered e.g. more control on the taxes, but that in some way adds to the game. Perfect score 5/7."
,Recommended,569480,33822323,Posted: 26 July,all,Real_Pinochet,Immersive content 10/10 just wish I could withstand those damn ottoman cannons.
76561198053648529,Recommended,569480,33845496,Posted: 27 July,all,DJpinskz,Fun to build and make your kingdom and all that comes with a city builder all in all its a good game . I wont lie it needs some work and more things to do and build but I think the game Devs will do these things that need to be done to the game to make it better.
76561198281272691,Recommended,569480,33850567,Posted: 28 July,all,PugVirtual_,"This is one of the best, if not the best city builders out there today. its basically banished but low poly art style, and way better immersive gameplay. i love how you have to build defenses to defend against vikings, and how their atacks are never too hard but not to easy. overall this game is awsome."
76561198159432046,Recommended,569480,33985676,Posted: 2 August,all,DiamondRyno,"Really good game but has a problem. In some cases, I attempt to build a building but the building will stay in one spot rather then following my mouse, I then can't place the building and the only way to fix it is if I were to exit the game and go back in it. Other then that small problem, I highly recommend this game and is an excellent game."
,Recommended,569480,33989269,Posted: 3 August,all,Senny CSGO500 TRADING Slipstream,"I like this game but its needs more to it (I know it just came out)What would make this game better and add more content : (I haven't played the game completly through so some of this stuff might be in the game)-Add other islands to travel to for more resources-Add other islands to take over other villages-Train armies to go attack other villages-An island where the Vikings live so when far into the game you can attack them-Add upgrading system where you can upgrade buildings to make them more efficient-Fix the happiness ""show"" and ""hide"" (It doesn't update when a new building is placed)-Add hotkeys for place and removing building and objects-Make the villager management better (List of all villagers, what they are doing, what job they have)-Make a Builder's Hall and you can hire villagers to only build-What happens when you run out of materials on your island? (Make more islands)-Add boats, docks and fishing huts for another source of food-Add some type of building to prevent fires from spreading and burning down houses (doesn't save the building every time)- Have more variety in defenses-Add wildlife like deer and make a Hunter building to go kill animals for meat"
76561198022922979,Recommended,569480,33996515,Posted: 3 August,all,NightReaper,"A simple game that i have much enjoyed in the two days that i have owned it , very few options and things like farms for instance should be able to upgrade in future updates to improve the ammount of food being supplied. Another idea for future updates would be too expand the map and maybe add in more random characters that attack , for instance instead of vikings all of the time have them rotate with pirates. As for the military force of the game i believe that it has a solid start but could use more options in the future , for instance mounted soldiers archers and soldiers that specialize in spears axs and lances. Overall i would give this game a 7.6 out of 10 for a base game but depending on future updates on wheter i would increase my rating or not."
76561198038206586,Recommended,569480,34000422,Posted: 3 August,all,scooterblenny417,This game is a pretty great game from what i have experienced in the few hours i have been playing it. Although it does ge tfrustrating when the vikings and dragons attack the attacks are not cripiling to your town and you can resolve whatever calamity comes your way.Pros-time cosumer-not too expensive-overall a very nice looking game-not very intense in terms of proccessing powerCons-not a super large amount of content(but its only $10)
76561198232880236,Recommended,569480,34000610,Posted: 3 August,all,ncudjkk1,"From what I've played this game has got potential to be amazing.  Runs well on my machine, haven't had any crashes or game breaking bugs.  If the Devs continue to support the game, this'll probably be my favorite Strategy/RTS/Tower defense game I've played.  Now for Pros and Cons.Pros:Good mix of city sim and AofE gameplay (on Normal difficulty)Pretty good price for what you get so farCastle modularity is niceNot many lulls in gameplay, game gives a good mix of resource, population, and defense managementCasual nature is good for those who get overwhelmed by micromanagment of more serious strategy titlesCons;Voxel graphics not for everyoneMight be too casual for someNeeds better food simulation (can't seem to keep food supply steady at all)Way too many random firesAnd why are my stone walls burning down? Stone should not be catching fire in the first placeThis game has got some fixes needed (it's early access after all) that can totally fix these problems.  Also, if Early Access scares you then probably don't spend the 10 bucks, but after some content updates and bug fixes this game could be amazing.  Keep up the good work devs, I look forward to what this could become.PS. Please add missions and ability to upgrade buildings, and add modularity to stuff like houses and farms kind of like the castle walls.  Also, I'd love to have dragons you can use for the army."
,Recommended,569480,34006576,Posted: 3 August,all,DisasterMonk,"An excelent little gem. A little short and easy for vets of the genre, but the style and fun carry thru. Sure there are some issues, but the game is shown to have a preatty steady support so far. I look forward to what it's future holds."
76561198320097358,Recommended,569480,34010195,Posted: 4 August,all,Craig_Master1305,"Overall a fun little city managing game with a medieval theme. I have just played a bit of it but it has proven to become more complex and interesting as you play. My only complaint so far is that the world is a littke small. For the price, I say its a buy it."
76561197970829683,Recommended,569480,34016617,Posted: 4 August,all,69Cents,This will most likely entertain any building game fan. It starts out similar to most building games where you wait for resourses and population to build up so you can buy the appropriate building and put it in the right location to make it work best to make even more resourses and population. The building system seems to work fine but once you have built a few of each type of building it seems like a dead end of just doing the same thing overe and over. The miliatary part of the game feels incomplete. You can hire 3 generals if you build the correct building and build one (Yes ONE) type of troop with another building. Attacking the dull timed enemie invasions with a general(s) and the only troop available feels completely broken and unfinished. Infact your better off just placing a bunch of random towers around your city to defend in my opinion. I think that describes the game 100 percent. Yup thats all there is to it other than the fact that you are contained to your starting island. NO NAVY TO SAIL SOMEWHERE MORE EXCITING!!! This game feels like someone was trying to make a decent RTS building game and had a good start but never finished what they had planned for the game or lost ambition for it and instead decided to sell it for a few bucks very unpolished. All in all a couple hours of play is about all the fun I had with this game which is better than some games so I recommend it for that but its already at a dead end for me.
76561198003079996,Recommended,569480,34019344,Posted: 4 August,all,Anathema,"The mechanics are compelling, but this release, like a number of independently developed city builders, would have benefited from being a bigger game. Brevity lends itself to genres that rely on story or action but city builders require—buildings. The relationship between people and structures is the challenge.I would have been satisfied with a higher price tag for a rich Kingdoms and Castles. If your mechanics are solid you can afford to be more ambitious in the scope of your release."
76561198077498334,Recommended,569480,34020752,Posted: 4 August,all,Pdaddy,The music is very calming and the graphics are appealing. A tutorial on what should be done first would really help jumpstart the game. Overall and very cool game.
,Recommended,569480,34020873,Posted: 4 August,all,Consepter,"First off, this game is a city builder, in which hits my fancy. Second of all, has a blocky/pixelated type graphics which as again, hits my fancy. I played only 6 hours of the game and I already understand the game fully, not a huge learning curve to it, only just trying not to get burned down by the invading VIkings or have half my crops destroyed by flooding.Pros-Great feel to the game (Graphics)-Good mechanics and AICons-Lags after about 200-300 population-Castle building a bit unrealistic (40 story towers)"
,Recommended,569480,34024645,Posted: 4 August,all,Kim Jong Un,had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,569480,34026478,Posted: 4 August,all,Praise The Memes,"It's a very relaxing game. Sure, it has room to improve. But considering it's as enjoyable as it currently is I don't think we'll need to worry about current issues not being resolved.Can't wait to see what future updates bring about."
76561198095806290,Recommended,569480,34027801,Posted: 4 August,all,Dat Boi,-Just started playing-2 hours in had to pee-Everything is running smoothly-Come back after 2 minutes-Treasure room burned down-Cant pay archers-Vikings attack immediately-Burn down most of my buildings-Housing dropped down to 5-Nobody was producing food-Everybody died from lack of food-New game10/10
76561198046404698,Recommended,569480,34030696,Posted: 4 August,all,✪ DroopyComa,Love the game in all honesty but do wish there will be more updates for this game soon which would make it interesting.
76561198069979795,Recommended,569480,34031335,Posted: 4 August,all,Lifearecool,Game is really fun the first time but it is such a grind to get 5k population. Its a challenge to even get to 1000. The concept of being close to food/coal sources is also messed up. 3.5k coal in storage and houses dont have coal thats being produced 3 tiles away from them. Hard to make a large city with annoying availibility issues.
76561198126168484,Recommended,569480,34032701,Posted: 5 August,all,fukklogic,"Fun game but still a work in progress if you enjoy city builder games then this is a nice little game for you, unfortunitly I can't play more than 8-12 minutes with out it freezing on me but other wise good game for the price"
,Recommended,569480,34051007,Posted: 5 August,all,h3retic,really cute and fun :D
,Recommended,569480,34051729,Posted: 5 August,all,Magic School Bus,"pretty fun and casual city building game yet deceptively addictive. without realising i've clocked in 18 hours in this game already. found myself trying to constantly beat the next objectives of fortifying my town and killing dragons and vikings. after conquering the highest difficulty and 100% town-safe, there wasn't much to do anymore.still would recommend it.8.5/10"
76561198203863277,Recommended,569480,34064982,Posted: 6 August,all,rocketturtle77,the graphics are stunning and its such a peacful game i have created 3 generations of ploplogs and im really excited to see where this game goes in the future.it does say they are working on virtual reality and i hope that also includes the rift!
,Recommended,569480,33690812,Posted: 21 July,all,vahki95,"Fantastically fun, still needs to be expanded upon, but more than enough gameplay here to justify th 10 dollars, with the promise of more to come."
76561198073462382,Recommended,569480,33693454,Posted: 21 July,all,ImChrisJamesBitch,"ok. where to start. got home at 1 am. bought this game. played till the sun came up. this game is great and worth every penny. it doesnt hold your hand much at all. but its not hard to figure out. if you're not playing this game then you're missing out. this is a great buy for 10 bucks. beautiful art style, easy UI if you played stonehearths you will be right at home. i cant wait to see the future patches to come. great work DEVS keep it up."
76561198016761464,Recommended,569480,33694461,Posted: 21 July,all,rpg maker lunarslayer,"have been following this for a while waiting for it to come on steam. was really hoping for it to be Banished 2.0 but it really isn't, theres some changes but a LOT needs to be improved before i can recommend, I'll follow this game because it's genuinely an interest but will be refunding. I'll recommend this just for it not being a total crap out game but I'd say leave it for a couple months/a year before buying"
,Recommended,569480,33696608,Posted: 21 July,all,Pheza,"Honestly this game is pretty fun, i'm nearly 5 hours into it and i'm still enjoying it. This game definitely has potential"
,Recommended,569480,33696968,Posted: 21 July,all,Christoffer,"Very easy to learn.The HUD and graphics are simple yet beautiful.Great AI, they do what you want them to do.Im 8 hrs in and not a single bug so far, though its annoying that vikings can swim over your waters.The sound effects and music are good, bravo.Overall 9/10 thus far."
,Recommended,569480,33697519,Posted: 21 July,all,Donfox,"awesome game , one of the better city builder games of 2017 , i love it"
76561198137118383,Recommended,569480,33704910,Posted: 21 July,all,allinski,"Love the game. Personally a fan of building an empire and it is hard to find a good game for that these days. PLenty of room for expanding and adding in additional content too, can't wait to play more!"
76561198047231337,Recommended,569480,33705936,Posted: 21 July,all,tasha_smad,"I had been waiting for this game to come out for a while. Now that it is out, it is definitely worth the buy!"
76561198137785952,Recommended,569480,33709338,Posted: 21 July,all,westcm,"overall, a good game and a good start.  buyers shd bear in mind this is town management 'lite' - something implied by the price.  The art is simple and clean and i love the presentation style.  progress is relatively easy and the challenges arent difficult to overcome; most of the game is self-explanetory.  I get that the devs have gone for simplicity but i couldnt help thinking the game could benefit from:- more overlays: i keep getting messages that resources cant be reached and ppl are starving etc but there is no way of telling the radius of affected buildings- icons over buildings to indicate a problem- larger text size: its difficut to read in places- building upgrades- more sophistication with gear- maybe some eduction mechanic that might enable more efficiency etc- more diverse industry.- better control over the ecomomy- more diverse challenges - theres only two so far: vikings; and dragons.Its a great game for the price.  it does get a little tedious after a few hours though.  i  wd prefer this game to others in the genre and wd pay more if it had some more advanced mechanics in it.  its best feature is it's got me interested in playing some other games in the genre that do have some of the features mentioned above (e.g. banished, folktale) but again wd prefer this one.anyway play it, but dont expect a sophisticated gameplay mechanic. do expect a fun and simple game that will keep you engaged for as long as you might expect from the price point - or maybe a bit longer :)."
,Recommended,569480,33713176,Posted: 21 July,all,Chardsy,"Kingdoms and Castles is a fun little city builder that includes building defenses and raising armies to defend your lands. You have to build up industry, maintain a food surplus, and manage natural resources. Overall, it is a fun and enchanting little game that offers a few hours of escape. However, it does lack in depth. After you get your city so big, you run out of new buildings and things to do rather quickly, leaving you to expand with the same five or six different specialty buildings and the same two defense towers. Despite this, I believe that for the price Kingdoms and Castles is an excellent game and I would highly recommend."
,Recommended,569480,33721022,Posted: 22 July,all,Serial Psycho,"One of the most ""Compact"" build/management games I've ever played.Great Art Style.Each kingdom you make really feels like yours, with a real feeling of history behind it.That perfect mix of managing resources and expanding, in a cycle that can keep you going for hours.If you can find a better game for as low a price, please tell me."
,Recommended,569480,33727520,Posted: 22 July,all,That1Dude,"Cute, fun, and has has me craving the game while I'm writing this review.*This review is based on the current build (as of 7/22/17) and solely as an Early Access game*As someone who has purchased quite a few early access titles, and after reading the current reviews, I expected to have a fun, but limited experiece this close to its EA release. While it is limited in terms of the game's roadmap, KnC has just enough to keep you entertained for hours and through multiple play throughs.If you want a game that mashes up the structure of games like Banished with the graphics and vibe of StoneHearth, you will truly enjoy Kingdoms and Castles.Pro's:+Graphic style+Tiered building+UI layout that doesn't steal your attention from the game+Various buildings that fit the theme+Enemies that will make you sweat, but not ruin your experience+Resources that make sence+City will continue to grow provided requirements met, allowing you to control size of your town as you desireCon's:- Map size is small- Not many enemy typesA very big THUMBS UP from this reviewer!"
76561198322190955,Recommended,569480,33727767,Posted: 22 July,all,Remanent,You can't play this game for 2 hours and say how there is no content. tell the people that have upwords of 5+ hours on it. especially when the game only cost 10 bucks...All im saying is if you enjoy this genre and enjoy simplicity in a game. You'll very much so enjoy this game!Price: 10/10Worth 10/10Buy it: 10/10
,Recommended,569480,33733600,Posted: 22 July,all,The Jigglenaut,"It's a really fun city building / RTS survival game. It's without a doubt worth the $10 so grab it now.The negative reviews are mostly people thinking it's done / the full version (it's not, they've told everyone they are adding more / fixing things in the months to come). People who are just bad at the game and don't bother to actually learn to play it (which isn't hard). and people complaining about the bugs which, as I said before, it's not done and they've said this.Ignore the negative reviews. Looking for a new game like Banished that adds more content with even more to come? This is your game."
,Recommended,569480,33740003,Posted: 23 July,all,ATrueGhost,"Greta game with a fun artstyle. 1000 citizens in and i've fully expanded my island, still enjoying the game and cleaning up my city. not to mention this game is better lots of updates. Including trading and ports that i'm hyped for. Would recommend.Things to improve:-A way to buy more land/space, like how in city skylines you can buy more land around your city-Set a job priority. I find that I sometimes really need to cut down this 1 tree but other construction project were before. A priority mode would help in such cases.-A search/highlight mode. You already have combined range indications for utilities but in addition to that. When you click on a building it would highlight all other building of the same type. This is so I can find my workshops, stockpiles quicker."
76561197989404764,Recommended,569480,33741181,Posted: 23 July,all,Lamenivi,"For a game with a pricetag only saying 9.99€ I think its a decent game, but dont expect a big citybuilder game like Banished or Life is Feudal, its much more slow and simple, as for the moment Im waiting for the devs to make more stuff, and develop a lot on interface etc.Taking aside its flaws and slow pace, Im still going to recommend this game, as Im sure it will become better over time."
76561197980693773,Recommended,569480,33745570,Posted: 23 July,all,Snergverkumferin,"I paid $10 for this game on a whim.  It's easily worth twice that.  This is an oddly satisfying and entertaining castle builder game.  It reminds me of Age of Empires the way I used to play it, in that you can build fairly elaborate wall structures and cities and turtle down for some good defensive fun.  I'm still figuring out good strategies, but I have loved it.No Zombies, just Dragons, Vikings and Ogres so far who come unexpectedly.The food and equipment and structures seem like they are tuned pretty well.  Everyone has to do their part or your community grinds to a crawl.  I love the fact that each peasant has a name and job experience and a little blurb about their life and eventually their death.Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,569480,33748800,Posted: 23 July,all,[MyTh]HatlessMuffin,Great fun few small little bugs Could do with abit of a nerf to the vikings raiders and could also do with faster tree growth ALL round great game So Fun To play higly recomend
76561198284000763,Recommended,569480,33749180,Posted: 23 July,all,jdude1234,cool¬!!
,Recommended,569480,33750207,Posted: 23 July,all,cedara2,"First impression for ""Kingdoms and Castles"" : Where the hell did the last two hours go???Whilst playing, the dragon showed up twice and also once the Vikings raided. My troubles weren't on food or such, but more on getting enough wood for all the buildings the villagers wanted to have. There was a point where I wondered about the AI's intelligence, cause I had a place to get charcoal produced, and the inhabitant of a home didn't have any. I wondered if it was due to it being on the other side of town though.Generally speaking, you can easily blow a few hours to the point of not noticing the time. Also, you have to pay attention to a lot of things so it would be advisable not to play in very fast mode all the time. My troubles now, where I took a break from it, was that I didn't have enough wood and no free hands to chop it after the Vikings had raided.I like it, and playing it on easy mode for a first try was worth choosing. However, I could see someone easily become frustrated if you miscalculated on how to build your town. If I hadn't seen people play on twitch, I probably would have become frustrated as well. For now, it was funny how easily time flew."
,Recommended,569480,33819101,Posted: 26 July,all,Flying dutchmen,"Its a fun game to kill a few hours, but thats about it."
,Recommended,569480,33833845,Posted: 27 July,all,Avalonia,Really fun classic RTS with cute modern graphics. Gameplay is a highly simplified form of SimCity while graphics look like Clash of Clans.The game is not very deep and can essentially be mastered in 3 hours. Once you figure out the mechanics behind everything there is not much left to do besides keep expanding in the same fashion as before. I hope the developers will greatly expand the game while keeping it coherent.The commanding of generals and armies is very confusing and glitchy. This is an area that needs to be fixed.
76561198130586286,Recommended,569480,33848285,Posted: 27 July,all,Mr Cunning Linguist,"fun little gam that i bought for $!0. The graphics are great and I found the lack of tutorial to be a positive as I spent the first few hours figuring out how the game worked and was rewarded with a better town everytime I restarted. 11hours in I probably won't play much more of it but at $1 per hour of amusement, I have spent more money on games I have paid significantly more for per hour and still enjoyed them."
76561198127464519,Recommended,569480,33862135,Posted: 28 July,all,kippo,its lit
,Recommended,569480,33862839,Posted: 28 July,all,[WOP] iKlikla / Andreas,A wonderful game with very lovely graphics. The only thing I think could make it more perfect would be a tutorial or more in depth upgrading of the structures!
76561198283395024,Recommended,569480,33881003,Posted: 29 July,all,yahri93,"great game .you will change your strategies a lot , and the viking+dragon waves wil became overwhelming !"
,Recommended,569480,33893656,Posted: 29 July,all,Mike Pence,i will recomend this game to my friends but have to say there are to many glitches
,Recommended,569480,33915184,Posted: 30 July,all,Egg,Relly fun game but cant wait for more patches
76561198028891927,Recommended,569480,33921187,Posted: 30 July,all,thetang22,"While I recommend the game, I do agree with a lot of the criticisms about it.  After an evening playing it, I'm seriously wondering if I have experienced basically everything this game has to offer.  However, the evening was enjoyable...and I do find myself wondering what other creative layouts I could build for my city.  My only concern is if the game is going to feel the same every time I play it, due to the lack of variety.  Luckily, it was only $10, and I'd say at that price, it's worth the try."
76561198272414559,Recommended,569480,33921358,Posted: 30 July,all,Grahambo,i love the game
76561198060218452,Recommended,569480,33948699,Posted: 1 August,all,wiktorsarna,This game is so satisfying! Expanding the kingdom from a small village to a big town is very soothing experience. It can be difficult to implement but I want multiplayer. Like a huge map with many players trying to take as much land as possible to grow their kingdom. Keep developing this game because it has big potential ♥.
76561198122686498,Recommended,569480,33975908,Posted: 2 August,all,Guardian,"I love this game, the art style and the gameplay make this one of the most easily enjoyable games on Steam. My only down side is the gameplay lasts around 7-8 hours to do everything and there really isnt any long term goals.-Larger maps-AI Kingdoms to conqure and fend off-Professional army units and warfare gameplay-Trade and economic enhancement-more enemy types such as Orcs, Invading armies from other kingdoms, etc.If done right this game might have a longer play time on my list as is its around 7-8 hours if that."
76561198300094159,Recommended,569480,33976306,Posted: 2 August,all,devs111213,"A great game,I reccomend it,but i would find it cooler if we could tame Dragons and have them help with fighting or mining,or moving things.Just a suggestion,but i think people would love it!"
76561198200637145,Recommended,569480,34024130,Posted: 4 August,all,csgojem.com GAmer,Very fun game one of my favorites it has no game braking glitches the only thing that i would add to make the game that much better would be a multiplayer mode were you can raid other players and be raided by other players
,Recommended,569480,34057816,Posted: 6 August,all,FooBar,"Very quaint little city-builder with some very-light tower-defense elements.Doesn't seem to have too much depth, the tech choices are limited and some of the higher-tier ones seem to have no effect (statue, grand hall, mason)"
76561198052273494,Recommended,569480,34094601,Posted: 7 August,all,Chester the Molester,Don't buy b/c its too addictive. I need to uninstall this so I can study for my finals properly.
,Recommended,569480,35228957,Posted: 26 September,all,mikekillu,Liked this game so much if it diddnt have so many glitchy texture could be one of my favorit mid evil kingdom building sim with dragons vikings and orges like shrek so much fun but after a while of playing im always cought of guard by the texture freacking out
,Recommended,569480,35326504,Posted: 30 September,all,Mister Drac,"For this game I can say I love it. It has very interesting graphics , Music is relaxing and overall gameplay is good. I have played it for 25 hours. I like this city - builder because you can transform everything how you want for example : you can have forest and then remove it and have a farm. I like happiness , hospital system and I like that you can have towers hight up to the heavens. I can recommend this game for people that play a lot of City - Builders."
76561198007098491,Recommended,569480,35345865,Posted: 30 September,all,kirovx,"This is a fun game for several hours but it needs more.You can build,fight and it is getting updates but it really has no end game, it is more of an endless sandbox which isnt bad but i would like to see some sort of campaign with a end goal.Sandbox is great but i like having a story to go with a game.They need some better script for the in game advisiors cause they are useless, only telling you stuff after its too late to really do much about it.I would like a market where you can buy/sell resources and a cap on the wall height that or some way to make them invisable.Anyway give it a try its only 10 bucks and its still getting updates and content added."
,Recommended,569480,34554058,Posted: 28 August,all,EobardThawne,Yeah
,Recommended,569480,33688420,Posted: 20 July,all,Agingnormal,I sold a M4A1-S hyper Beast CSGO skin so i could get this game and it was worth it.11/10 would starve again
76561198007273600,Not Recommended,569480,33705682,Posted: 21 July,all,Syt1976,"I've spent 3 hours with the game, and I think I'm done with it for now. I feel like I've seen everything it has to offer.I like the look and feel of it, but IMHO there's little depth in building variety or progression. Viking raids and Dragon attacks add a little challenge, but you soon will have nice enough defenses to fend them off.I think the game would benefit from more buildings, larger maps, and maybe more of a management angle (cabinet, or events/decisions that have major impacts on your game).If you like to build cities and optimize their layouts, then there's other games that offer more depth at similar or lower prices (Caesar series plus Pharaoh and Zeus, or Children of the Nile)."
76561198114988793,Not Recommended,569480,34222162,Posted: 13 August,all,penguStalin,"1 update in the 2 months its been out, and the update was a bugfix, Wish I had my 10 bucks back."
76561198335954249,Recommended,569480,33682463,Posted: 20 July,all,AshJuffie98,"I do love this game, it was fun for a while but it did fade. But it will get better than it already is with time and im looking forward to seeing the future updates."
,Not Recommended,569480,33801109,Posted: 25 July,all,MrGuffels,"After playing this game for an hour, I realized that it is a very dumbed down version of Banished and then I went to play that game instead because it is better."
76561198000582342,Not Recommended,569480,33905044,Posted: 30 July,all,DV8,"As such, the difficulty is just too damn implacable."
,Recommended,569480,33683568,Posted: 20 July,all,nacon,"Kingdoms and Castles is a lite City-Builder with elements of games like Dwarf Fortress and Rimworld.The premise is that you are tasked with overseeing and governing a burgeoning settlement. This involves managing resources (of which there are a handful to pay attention to), planning your city for efficient resource gathering and happiness, and defending that city against invaders and dragons.The interface is intuitive, and if you've played heavier games like this, you'll pick it up quickly. The graphics are bright, colorful, and fun. The city's aesthetic really comes together well as you continue to expand, and you feel like you've built a small kingdom as you continue to grow.All in all, the game is well-executed, pretty relaxing, and all around a lot of fun!"
,Not Recommended,569480,33703743,Posted: 21 July,all,Lun4tic,"It's probably good if you've got ADD and you need multple things to manage at once, otherwise the game is  kind of a mess of competing priorities. Banished provided a simple yet thoughtful experience and I was hoping to find that here with the added layer of combat and castle building, but what I'm getting is a headache."
,Not Recommended,569480,33949684,Posted: 1 August,all,Steve Harvey,Generic city builder without much depth and lacking heavily. Play banished instead.
,Recommended,569480,33720207,Posted: 22 July,all,The_Egatron,Awesome game! In its current state theres not alot you can do but its very fun well worth the $10.
76561198027241844,Not Recommended,569480,33728526,Posted: 22 July,all,Noctis,"The User Interface needs a lot of work. There is too much automation, and you don't have much information about your units. There is little variety, and I wish it had a wave setting. This is certainly not a tower defense like other reviews said."
,Not Recommended,569480,33771034,Posted: 24 July,all,Gallows,"A very simple city builder game that feels like it was made for mobile devices.Nice graphics, enjoyable gameplay, but within an hour you've done all there is too do.Ultimately the biggest setback for this game is the price tag that would be more reasonable at 2-5 bucks rather than 10."
76561198079478631,Recommended,569480,33735845,Posted: 22 July,all,Tusken Raider,After a few hours or so i finally found out where i wanted to place my castle...seconds later i didnt like that spot.10/10 would find another spawn again
76561198134188624,Recommended,569480,33846199,Posted: 27 July,all,Tybo,Raining simulator10/10
,Recommended,569480,33737894,Posted: 22 July,all,Sarada,BROW BRICKS!
76561198048619953,Not Recommended,569480,33898090,Posted: 29 July,all,Demonic_imp,"This game has some good point and some bad points.The good:-It has some challenges.-enemy waves are set up pretty well. ( although more enemies like wolf packs or something would be nice )-the terrain makes planning your castle more difficult.The bad:-Hospitals are super weak,-No way to prioritize jobs, (Open all the archers before a viking attack not a single villages goes into the tower.)-Not enough enemies and the only 2 play options with enemies are ridiculously easy or just stupidly hard.-Training and getting heros is almost pointless, They are weak and die with every wave.-it gets boring and stagnant after youve built everything.-Tons of available farms to work on. No priorety to work on them even though everyone is starving.-AKA Bad AII played a fair amount of this game and had some fun however the majority of the gameplay resulted in let down. They are shooting the right direction but not quite hitting the target yet. dont buy yet."
,Recommended,569480,34433404,Posted: 23 August,all,Crazy Red Dusty,Yo this♥♥♥♥♥♥dope  very easy to get into
76561198040533481,Not Recommended,569480,34377364,Posted: 20 August,all,Khrianne,I love games like this and really wanted to like this one but there is no content. There is no economy or trading system so you just have to stop producing items if you are efficient at item production. Your castle only has like 2 items you can add to it that aren't walls. Overall there is maybe 2 hours of gameplay here and it isn't even fun gameplay.
,Recommended,569480,34504865,Posted: 26 August,all,50 Cal,It is very fun
,Not Recommended,569480,35096360,Posted: 20 September,all,lvl4cannon,verry fun but after a fue hours is verrry boring
,Not Recommended,569480,34974420,Posted: 15 September,all,"Cadence, Monarch of Misanthropy","Shallow city builder, with very little to it in terms of mechanics. While the art style is refreshing in it's minimalism, the game runs out of things to do very quickly. Frankly, if I didn't know any better, I'd have thought it was an old browser game ported to a standalone game release.If you're looking for something simple, that you can play for 4-5 hours, then by all means, pick up this game, you can do a whole lot worse for your money, however, you're basically buying a Newgrounds Flash game from 2011.EDIT:I have done some rudimentary research on the development roadmap of this game, and frankly, the complete lack of any compelling content, and instead focusing on a VR port is almost offensive. It is a terrible waste of resources, and this game would not be any more fun in VR in it's current state.In addition, several of the positive reviews cite the game plays like a more simple Anno game, or a more simple Settlers game. I absolutely disagree with this, as both Settlers, and Anno had *depth*. A simple design does not equal a shallow design."
,Recommended,569480,35159793,Posted: 23 September,all,zilas0,Its very good now get it!
,Recommended,569480,35120668,Posted: 21 September,all,Boom Mic Guy ツ,yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
,Recommended,569480,33701446,Posted: 21 July,all,Chonto,happy are those whose walls already rise
,Recommended,569480,33735374,Posted: 22 July,all,《2R》NO TIME TO EXPLAIN☆▪,i love games like this style i love the like god point of view and also im a big fan of building city games like this one but if this wasent medevial style look to it then i would of not buy it see here i love medevial stuff thats the good side about the game and stuff its very good game i would love to play it but the only thing is thistried to do it on a comment to much letters so decide to do it here and also there might be some mistakes that about say what i said with a person or somthing and also this is not a yes or no relly cus theres a badside to game goodside also but ill rate it has a yes cus its very fun i would still paly it but ill probly try normal then last for like year 160 then die so much that i would take a break then go back to game and do peacefull then relly play a diffrent game for a while then probly not come back to this has much has i did when i get it cus its boring when its to hard of a challange so intill the game owners fix this i wont play this game 80% of my time any more probly will for 40% or lesslike the vikings are overpowerd in normal when i play normal i feel like im playing hard cus the first viking invasion i got was 2 shipes then the next 6 then the next 8 plus a orc like relly year almost 100 and thaat plus a dragon oh relly lets just say most of my house brunt down all my poeple unhappy most killed and even some that still dont even care XD but that aint the point the point is the owners of this game should do more working on this and also mostly tweak with the viking problem cus the vikings are little over powered in my point of view like its so hard to survive i got atleast 30 saves and all those 30 saves are saveing right before vikings attack me so i dont loose so i can restart were i was before they got here also ! i got to know some things with this game one of them was when you start a new one and normal or hard make sure to build house wells the wood places then stone then iron then! go for the chamber of war then trumps wall around your kingdom (cant relly be a kingdom cus vikings all the time destroys stuff) and archer and balistia towers guess what i got alteast 10 balistas and maybe 8 archer towers and fully walls all round my kingdom and guess what now i dont have to worry about vikings or giant ones taking them  down plus i got a mason to fix stuff but now to the next problem the food and the poeple now guess what i have to make more poeple more food to grow and grow and make life on this game even easier but now im at year almost 130 and vikings and gaints are even more harder and more poeple to kill and i have to relly RELLY put roads to outline my next village then put wall aall round the roads on out side then start building next village but then it takes a while to do another one so now guess what im in the process of doing it well now keep in mind im on year like 130 and now the vikings and gaints have came now theres 2 giants and 6 viking ships like dude say good bye to the new village cus the orcs are into the walls and towers and also they need a way in so theres a huge gap in my process new village they come in and break all my hard work but the orc theres 2 and they can only knock down like 4 thing then go away but theres 2 so 8 and now my new viliage is dead nothing there so what do i do? do the boring way do it agein while the vikings attack i save the work then keep doing it intill most of my stuff IS NOT BROKE DOWN plus the vikings and gaints everytime you save they g o diffrent places so my only luck right now is the save sytem intill they fix that and did not fix the viking problem! that im explaining then now what? unistalled never ever going to play it a agein intill they fix it and they probly in there opinion does not know that its hard for them cus they made it and they got the most experince with the game and stuff and also what will RELLY HELP AND FIX THIS PROBLEM WILL PUT A EASY MODE ON that like kinda peacefull but some vikings and it wont be that hard to kill intill like year 150 then it gets hard like year 100 could be the start of orcs then they came and theres only 1 orc ship pluss 3 vikins thats all or 2 not lik 1 or and 6 like what happen to me so all i can do is peacefull but its boring with out and challange but not to hard of one so ya the end of it :notimenow: :steambored:
76561198289098424,Recommended,569480,33740472,Posted: 23 July,all,WÜLF,It Aight
,Recommended,569480,33744171,Posted: 23 July,all,█ AZMEIR,Best game ever!
76561198126959384,Recommended,569480,33745127,Posted: 23 July,all,Random Retard,"Nice game, but not everybody will like it"
,Recommended,569480,33749852,Posted: 23 July,all,WardenOD,"Neat little city-building experience. Devs have a discord through which they commmunicate with the fanbase and listen to new ideas, bug reports, etc. Definitely worth your ten dollars."
76561198114995716,Recommended,569480,33757623,Posted: 23 July,all,🐱🐱﻿catwolf2070🐱🐱,I LOVE IT
76561198347515064,Recommended,569480,33821621,Posted: 26 July,all,OMGPandaFTW,Got the game today and I played it. My thoughts on the game is that time irl past really fast and it feels like you played it not that long when you first get on the game. It's a really good time killer. I also would recommend this to anyone who looking to kill some free time!
,Recommended,569480,33848101,Posted: 27 July,all,ZackLightning24,This is such a great little game and has a very promising future!
76561198171057066,Recommended,569480,33931783,Posted: 31 July,all,TheJiffy,Dank
,Recommended,569480,33680430,Posted: 20 July,all,notthesun,"I had been looking forward to playing this for months, so when it was released today I purchased right away! It's so much fun. I have a lot to learn still, but I can't wait to customize my little kingdom, protect it from baddies, and help it thrive!"
,Recommended,569480,33686792,Posted: 20 July,all,Sapling,My favorite city builder yet! I'm somewhat addicted
,Recommended,569480,33689775,Posted: 20 July,all,Capn Space Frog,Another fantastic indie game developed by two guys that absoulutely destroys many triple A tittles out there. THIS is the dedication and creative ideas that so many big companies miss.
,Recommended,569480,33695424,Posted: 21 July,all,Гопник,"Old Anno *liteNice city builder, more foregiving than Banished.Worth it's money."
76561198303439999,Recommended,569480,33698252,Posted: 21 July,all,MEGA REAPER85,epic
76561198147881768,Recommended,569480,33718243,Posted: 22 July,all,NotSoNutty | Nick,"This game is worth the €10,- for sure! It's an early access game so keep in mind that there might be bugs and not that much content yet. However in my 10 hours I've been playing on hard mode and I have only seen one bug and that is if you are building walls it isn't giving you the correct level. {Not sure if this effects ogres damage}.I've been playing hard mode and tbh, it's really easy... I was expecting it to be a little harder but that isnt the case. I know it's an early access, but atm it's a little bit to easy and not that much content.I would love to see the following things in this game:1) Bigger maps and not a full map reveal.2) With the bigger maps and not a full map reveal comes that you have to explore the world and I hope it's possible to find other kingdoms that are building, little villages, etc so you can trade, get in war and make the game more interesting.3) I think it would be cool to have random nature events in the world. You can think of things like: earthquakes and big storms that can damage/destroy your buildings and the landscape.The game is fun the way it is right now, but like I said before, it's to easy and that might be boring for some people. However it is a great game to just relax if you are tilted from games like CSGO, League of Legends, etc :P"
,Recommended,569480,33813658,Posted: 26 July,all,HFL [Qc],Addictive and beutifull in it's simplicity. It has the potential to be a great RTS.
,Recommended,569480,33843675,Posted: 27 July,all,I AM NOT DRUNK,"This far (Edit 10 hours in) I still can't tear my eyes from the game. I love it. Beautiful, challenging andoverall, just extremely entertaining."
,Recommended,569480,33916204,Posted: 30 July,all,₪ Skippy,"Decent Game, I dont have many hours on it, but its pretty fun... THAT IS IF YOU LOVE DRAGONS ♥♥♥♥ING OVER YOUR VILLAGE AND VIKINGS STEALING YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING PEOPLE AND SETTING ALL YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥ON FIRE. ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T GAME I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE IT. IVE ONLY HAD IT FOR 2 DAYS AND ITS THE WORST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER, NON STOP ATTACKS ON MY ♥♥♥♥ING CASTLE AFTER YEAR 3 ITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING BROKEN. But you should get it."
,Recommended,569480,33927237,Posted: 31 July,all,Rasmus,"Amazingly fun casual town builder, a great addition to this game would be a mode equal to the Creation mode in minecraft"
,Recommended,569480,33958897,Posted: 1 August,all,yudaman231,"As a massive fan of city-builders, this game lodged itself solidly into my heart. The art style is simple but beautiful - you can play the game for hours without feeling like your eyes are being strained by some cloudy color scheme. Menus are exactly what menus need to be, no more and no less. I really like how the game doesn't have a tutorial level that is separate from the main game - the tutorial and main game are integrated very well.The main game struggles from a lack of challenge - unless you're on the hardest difficulty, there is barely any punishment for failing to defend against dragons and viking raiders. I managed to build and maintain a city without keeping an army, which doesn't quite seem realistic, even on normal difficulty.Once I had upgraded my village to a city, there were no longer any upgrades to make. This is probably my biggest problem with the game - you max out pretty quickly. However, I still love this game! If you're looking for a laid-back, endearing city-builder to play from time to time, this is the game for you. I know that I'll definitely be coming back every so often to build a dope-looking castle and unsuccessfully defend against viking raiders."
76561198242909216,Recommended,569480,33960110,Posted: 1 August,all,The Loose Moose,I may have only played it for about an hour but I can say this game is quite fun. for a game that relesed not even a month ago it has quite a few features. but It does have its downsides.  I will support this game though because it has an incredible amount of potential
,Recommended,569480,33961177,Posted: 1 August,all,jeffreyjeff,"I suck at it, but i'm having ♥♥♥♥ sucking. Great city builder with some fun defense elements."
76561198553355015,Recommended,569480,33686439,Posted: 20 July,all,turtleburger45,Verry good game
,Recommended,569480,33698789,Posted: 21 July,all,heecks,"I'm not a fan of sim city building / micro management. Why I bough kingdoms and castle ? The price and the graphism. 6.4 hours so far into the game and I really love it. Nice sound and relaxing music. Not hard to master and I did 0 change in key binding. Days 86 on my current gameplay. The game need more content however, and I'm wondering actually what is the goal ? Ive encountered 1 bug, It was impossible to build a tower. I just saved and loged out then the problem was fixed. I can't wait to see future update.Played on : i7-6700 / NVidia Geforce GTX 1070 8Gb / 16 Go"
76561197997494220,Recommended,569480,33715869,Posted: 22 July,all,Murdoque,"I love my little blocky villagers - it is a pleasure to behold how your little hamlet grows - even the dragons are cute (altough the pesky vikings are propaply unwashed and are carriers of the plague).If you like this kind of game at all, i would highly recommend it - its the game i've had the most fun right from the start for months!"
,Recommended,569480,33716126,Posted: 22 July,all,branlOoze,"It's an amazing little game!After playing 9h on it, I am at the point where I have no more space to expand and the vikings/dragons are dead within a few seconds of their appearance.I am not quite sure the replayability is there once you have ""beaten"" it though, feels like there's nothing else to do. The game needs a bit more complexity to trully become a hit. Believe me though that at this price tag it's worth every penny!"
76561198079905726,Recommended,569480,33719878,Posted: 22 July,all,wolf_whisper,"I really enjoy this game.The game, in my experience can be simple or challengeing and relaxing gaming experience."
,Recommended,569480,33720887,Posted: 22 July,all,King Cuck,This is an amazing game. I haven't played it long as of this review but I'm already having a great time. Tower Defense merged with a medieval City Builder. What else could you possibly wish for?It's a game that genuinely makes you feel like you want to look after your citizens.
,Recommended,569480,33730214,Posted: 22 July,all,|| Joshua08 ||,"A good cheap alternative to Banished, Bit buggy at times but that's to be expected.[edit]I've played this game for 3 hours now and have already taken up the island i think it should have more space to build or maybe put a travel to different island thing where you have to build a dock and choose a hero [Barrack thingy person] to go on a adventure then you can set up camp and start a new kingdom, oh and put like ogres and vikings on the land so we have to fight them and claim the land or something like that. mod support would be nice too. ALSO more food options and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that."
76561198086245724,Recommended,569480,33740323,Posted: 23 July,all,calihead,Loving this game great job with this one guys
76561198150222257,Recommended,569480,33749385,Posted: 23 July,all,chomp,"Beautiful game with a good soundtrack, but looking forward to more as it is getting repetitive."
,Recommended,569480,33759096,Posted: 23 July,all,TMcjangel,"I have played this game for 5 hours now and can't get enough, I have been experiencing a few graphical errors but don't feel like it's taking from the gameplay experience, that said there is room for more. By more I mean more building, maybe upgradable roads different ways to build upon your kingdom. Out of ten I'd give Castles and Kingdoms a soild 8. after five hours you've seen most of the stuctures and the events but there is a lot you can do with a small amount, Worth the 11 dollars (Canadian) worth an 8/10... for now."
76561198013246430,Recommended,569480,33761984,Posted: 24 July,all,Jester,"I had a lot of fun with this one and I really enjoyed the aesthetic. Gameplay is very simple but there are enough complexities with building placements and effects to keep the city building fresh.The game isn't difficult, so you have to make your own challenges. The dragons are a joke and the vikings only exist to give you a reason to actually build the castle walls (Designing your defense layout ends up being a lot of the fun).Good price point for what you get. Though I would avoid it if the trailer doesn't interest you, since pretty much everything is there."
,Recommended,569480,33768139,Posted: 24 July,all,HappyPanda,I really like the stile and the feeling the game gives you. It's well worth its money.Although there is still potential for balancing out recources and the way you can manage your resouce flow. I am really happy to say that it has potential to become even greater.I'm already looking forward to more content. I really would like to see some decorations too for your growing empire.
,Recommended,569480,33696331,Posted: 21 July,all,J_Waller,It's a great little city builder. Affordable too. Nice work!Recommend.
,Recommended,569480,33709491,Posted: 21 July,all,Kcull,It was a good set-up but one reason I purchased this game (I just refunded it) was there was a multiplayer tag on the store. When you enter the game there is strictly single player. The game was fun but it was frustrating at first since there is no tutorial It took several minutes to figure out how to start the game. Other than there not being multiplayer and no tutorial it was still a fun game and I'll probably re purchase it when i get news of multiplayer which I hope they add.
76561198324806070,Recommended,569480,33712930,Posted: 21 July,all,Dingo,Amazing game sunk 20 hours in the first 3 days
76561198090824334,Recommended,569480,33715001,Posted: 22 July,all,Lokharn,"It's a rather streight forward strategy game, but it is quite fun in that simplicity. It's a city builder essentially, taking a lot from games like the settlers and sim city. The graphics are nice, the only flaw being every peasant looks like a potato. The music is very nice too - it creates a nice background to the game and I cant say anything bad about it.7/11 - would play again"
,Recommended,569480,33751291,Posted: 23 July,all,x!thyl,"ONLY RECOMMENDED IF THE GAME IMPROVES! (or you really love city builders and don't mind the flaws)First of all: this game NEEDS a tutorial!  Sooner or later you will get the hang of it, but an introduction to the game would help making the initial experience more pleasant.pros:+ lovely artsytle+ nice music (kinda reminds me of the game of thrones intro)+ no bugs so far+ solid building gameplaycons:- attacks are really frustrating at the beginning ( e.g. no indicator how to recuit- TUTORIAL?)- too few different buildings (they are great designed but get repetitive pretty soon)- too small maps (also a back button when generating maps would be nice)- feels unbalanced- health bars for people/monsters would be nice"
76561198002725923,Recommended,569480,33753274,Posted: 23 July,all,Pixelatex,"It's a cool little game but....Right at the start, there is very little explanation of how things work so you end up playing your first city and restarting when you realize how stuff works. Like the fact that trees don't respawn unless you place a forestier there first. If you end up clearing 75% of the map before realizing forestiers require an existing forest... You are very screwed.I really enjoyed playing it but as a lot of people have pointed out.. you run out of things to do fairly quickly.Most of the maps are heavily loaded with rivers/lakes/ocean and there is no harbor/ships/fishing/etc to take advantage of this. -> devs have noted this is on the roadmap soThe combat is still a bit of a ballache to be honest. Units should just auto target enemies nearby and please, add some health bars to the mobs, it is absolutely impossible to see now.There is very little building variations to unlock and nothing can be upgraded.I feel the game has a lot of potential and for the small price of 10$ it's fine. If they add more depth and city planning options like decorations, types of roads, boats, upgradeable buildings, decent combat, etc.. I'd happily pay a 20$+ for it.One last thing I would like to note, the game seems like it could use some optimising because it seems to use a lot of resources."
76561198051180316,Recommended,569480,33762745,Posted: 24 July,all,Erilanya,"So, about 7 hours in now. I've managed a bustling city and I truly enjoy the game. I'm playing on the medium difficulty, meaning enemies spawn moderately. I look forward to knowing this game better and try a more difficult mode.There are a good amount of buildings and options for you to build your city with. However, I can see it becoming too little a bit further on in the game.I don't know how gameplay will be once you fill a complete map with one city. The houses don't evolve along their level of happiness or needs fulfulled like the old Zeus or Caesar games. You can demolish a few hovels in favor of a manor etc, but those options are limited.I have also read this game is still in constant developement. New features and patches are planned so I have hopes this game will continue to entertain me like it has the past days.For 9.99 Euros I think this game is very good value, especially when you take the constant developement into account.Recommended!"
76561198134193400,Recommended,569480,33799919,Posted: 25 July,all,Ty and Bubsy,best bulider of the year wish there was a workshop 9/10
,Recommended,569480,33811357,Posted: 26 July,all,Weqrm,"This game is actually magical. Pretty easy, especially if you compare it to something like Banished, but to me this is more of a beautiful, beautiful time sink that's only a little bit stressful."
76561198050045040,Recommended,569480,33848188,Posted: 27 July,all,Kaltonis,Built a tower to get the tower of babel achievement.Ballistas cover the whole map from tower.Proceed to make other towers the same height.Watch dragons and ogres die before coming remotely close to city.10/10 best tower defense game
,Recommended,569480,33876273,Posted: 29 July,all,Blind IO,"Recommended, and unlike many Alphas, not purely based on its potential. As it stands, it's a nice little game. Personally I prefer the more passive setting that's available, allowing me to build up my settlement at my own pace without being too concerned with speed and hostile forces.That said, there is room for improvement. When you mouse over food, you get a very handy breakdown of stock change over the past year. That same system should really be applied to other stock types. Now in regards to longer term appeal - regardless of if you play the passive or more difficult settings, it would be nice to see some sort of ""adventure"" option. Generals or guards could double up as ""Heroes"". Unused spots of land could periodically have tombs or caves uncovered. A ""scout"" might assess the danger of each, allowing you to prepare small forces to combat their denizens for experience and small resource rewards. It's a simplistic idea but with varying degrees of threat (some being extreme) would give something to focus on in the longer haul - ie ""levelling up"" heroes and increasing forces to take on threats at your own pace.Perhaps a trade system too would be nice ie set how many units of X you want to sell each year, and have fixed exchange rates initially.Regardless, it's a good solid start on a game with little in the way of bugs, and as it is will provide some entertainment. Further enhancements may add to longer term appeal."
,Recommended,569480,33880184,Posted: 29 July,all,FunkyMoney,"Your city will never have enough of libraries and churches, even if it does most likely its goint to be destroyed by vikings or a dragon.10/10 would build the same church 20 times again"
76561198163601753,Recommended,569480,33911753,Posted: 30 July,all,goldo,"My flooded farm caught on fire.10/10But in all seriousness, its a great game."
76561198182990058,Recommended,569480,33929470,Posted: 31 July,all,Daniel,This game is really good for just coming out and being only $10. I have played 4 hours of this game already and I can't wait to see what new things are to come in the future. :)
76561197989630946,Recommended,569480,33935857,Posted: 31 July,all,Horna,"Mjoo, pari pätsiä ja tämähän on hauska."
,Recommended,569480,33960196,Posted: 1 August,all,Meri_🐐🗡,"Very entertaining, an interesting game in which ressources aren't hard to get, but it's mostly about sharing them equally on the map, and stock them in the right place. It's never really over until you've covered the whole map, and you'll probably fail a few times before getting your hands on how to do stuff --which I think is quite satisfying."
,Recommended,569480,34005261,Posted: 3 August,all,Rev☣ThxFriend,Great game and quite fun but definitely needs improvment in my world I have a chruch or library or both next to every residential area but it still says not all houses have access to a library or church I also have 2000 charcoal stored and at least two charcoal makers beside every residential area but it says there is no charcoal available for my houses the vikings are far too powerful and the dragons not powerful enough (the way I delt with the vikings is built and giant wall that is in the water and it is around the entire island now no vikings even come) also I have a large water area that has houses but I needed to replace all the docks or bridges and turn them into piers with roads on top because the docks dont count as roads and that made the people in the houses unhappy also there is a food problem I have like 8 bakeries in every residential area and plenty of food as well as about 4 granaries in every residential area yet there is about 300 people starving a year even though there is plenty of food nearby.
,Recommended,569480,33677959,Posted: 20 July,all,Lord Aids of HIV #izcanzur,Very enjoyable game.+ beatyful soundtrack+ cute animations+ good price
,Recommended,569480,33682323,Posted: 20 July,all,Vladimir Von Melvin,Very Cool Game cant wait to see its Progress in the future :)
,Recommended,569480,33682912,Posted: 20 July,all,Comrade_Corgi,"I saw this game on my queue and I looked at it and thought, God damn that looks like a fun game. Then I bought it and then I thought, God damn this is a great game.I've not even played it for long and it's great, it's basically Banished but looks cooler and is just better. It is a bit lack luster in some departments such as help/tutorials, but it is an amazing game and I cannot wait for the full release.If you like Medieval town buildiers like Banished, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,569480,33762768,Posted: 24 July,all,Blodvrede,"LOVE IT! I hope stuff will be added with time, more buildings etc."
,Recommended,569480,33787772,Posted: 25 July,all,Mugen Tsukuyomi,Best game to make you feel like a King.
,Recommended,569480,33880150,Posted: 29 July,all,Captain_Dandy,"If you love any kind of building simulator, Kingdom and Castles takes the cake! I managed to get 4 of my friends to buy it, and they are having more fun than they thought they would have.Reasons you should buy it:1. It's Fun!2. The Price is Right, Bobby!3. A building sim in a Medieval Setting!So if you have $10 to spare, and you need to satisfy that Building Sim-Itch, then this is the game for you."
76561198080105501,Recommended,569480,33959477,Posted: 1 August,all,Harambe,"Great! I love how it combines the cities skylines type of city builder with the fun and colorful pixel design, 9/10 would reccommend if you like city-builders"
,Recommended,569480,34048283,Posted: 5 August,all,Lurtle,Is it worth it?Yes.Pros:+ Fun+ City-builder+ simple+ art style+ computer requirements minimal+ no bugsCons:- Giants are OP - walls are incredibly vulnerable to ogre attacks- no multiplayer (not even AI)- no trading- when you run out of trees and then wood you are completely ♥♥♥♥ed
,Recommended,569480,34074579,Posted: 6 August,all,Canthev,"Hey I made a video review for this game, outlining different aspects of the game and what I liked/disliked, with pros and cons, and a few suggestions to make the game better.  Here's the link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAmTmaZkYkYI ultimately rated the game as an 8/10, it has a lot of potential, with a lot of sweet features, but it needs some additional customization aspects and further development in the attacking/defense system, and possibly some online features.  I'd definitely give it a try if you have $10 to spare, and if you are skeptical then you could always wait a few weeks and check it out again!"
,Recommended,569480,34133344,Posted: 9 August,all,Poofie Love bird,"TLDR; Casual city builder anyone can enjoy. /TLDRI hate city builder games because of the micro-management aspect most of them have. (Tropico 3 was like filling out  tax form)This game has only the bare minumum as far as management goes. You are left free to city plan, and watch your cool little town grow.Your games do not need to be months and months long either. Most of the time, I just pick a random chunk of land, and see how far I can get in an afternoon.I usually see ""minimalistic"" graphics as a lame cop-out for developers who have no art skills. This game uses the minimalisem to its advantage. The game is not ugly. It has NO programer art. This art staff knew what they where doing. They took a look and ran with it. They kept the scale perfect, while still leaving room for small details that give the artwork its personality.The characters are cute as hell even though they are only make out of 3 cubes. Animations are simple, but are REALLY good.If you want another excellent city builder give Banished a try, but be warned, there is a CRAPLOAD of micro-management. I highly reccomend getting this game first, then later gving Banished a go. I play Banished for my long campaigns, and I play this game for my afternoon casual time killer. I think I actually have more fun with this game. I definately have much more playtime, and I look forward to playing it even more :)"
,Recommended,569480,35231686,Posted: 26 September,all,Ricky Bobby,great game my fav in a while
76561198039121755,Recommended,569480,35233254,Posted: 26 September,all,Poppernaut,Lovely
76561198069337466,Recommended,569480,33693264,Posted: 21 July,all,Collin,very good game
,Recommended,569480,33721555,Posted: 22 July,all,Shad0w,"Great game, looks pretty and most of the time relaxing even. But it has it's cons.PROSLooks amazingMusic is niceReplayability is endless.Pretty addicting (I bought it last night and played 7 hours straight. You can see my playtime now)It is very cheapCONSSometimes AI goes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Trolls are OP if you don't have tons of archery towersIt doesn't have too much content in it.My Experience & SuggestionsWell as I said the game is pretty fun. But it needs improvement, a lot of it infact. First of all it is missing some basic stuff like choosing multiple objects. And one time I lost my kingdom becauseI couldn't fire my soldiers. I checked everywhere, but there were no options for that. And what annoyed me most is, you can't just select your soldiers and click on the enemy for them to attack. You choose your army, then you click on them,if it's a viking unit and if you are lucky enough, you'll see a red circle then they'll follow/attack itBUT if a giant♥♥♥♥♥troll is ripping your walls down, you can't click on him to command attack. You have to click where he goes all the time with your troops so they'll get in range and attack him. (With normal viking troops 9/10 times this is the case too, you can't click/command attack). And it is really frustrating because you can't always watch one place and click huındred times when you are getting attacked by 6 giants 4 viking units from different places. You just can't. I don't know if this is a bug or they intended this but what i know is it is really stupid.It lacks content. In an hour if you play fast, you'll be able to build everything out there. And actually there is a lot of room to add stuff in this game. Like fishing, building a school, building ships, adding different types of attractions for peasents etc. I hope we'll see them in future, this game has potential and I want to see it at it's best.I had one game-breaking bugwhich was, when I was trying to fight vikings and their trolls, suddenly all my soldiers froze. I had 3 troops and none of them were moving. I tried clicking, bashing keyboard, alt tabbing in short everything but nothing helped. So I just watched them destroy my kingdom which was painful. Oh btw, let's sey you have a save at 10.10AM. You kept playing and this bug happened to you at 11.00AM. The game doesn't care what save you'll load or it's timestamp. When you load back to an old save, it sends vikingsIMMEDIATELY.So don't try to load back if you don't have a strong defense in that save. [Which is stupid in my opinion. If i can't use save files to save my a**, then why do i even have them?]ConclusionIs it worth it? Yes. It is cheap and besides these little annoying things, I really enjoyed this game. Yes it lacks content but still with this price, it'll do your money justice trust me. It is not a serious strategy game tho. If you want that, look for it somewhere else. This is more of a tycoonish game. Much more simple. [Reminds me of JPOG somehow] Hope it'll keep getting better and better."
76561198015766205,Recommended,569480,33748440,Posted: 23 July,all,Certes,Great game but need update for more features and buildings.
,Recommended,569480,33932056,Posted: 31 July,all,F0RM4TION,gud
,Not Recommended,569480,35262987,Posted: 28 September,all,lars231104,i wish there was a sandbox were you'r peasnts dont die and you have unlimited resourses. because its really annoying that you need more than 1000000 just to feed 1000 peasnts
76561197969419648,Recommended,569480,34544547,Posted: 27 August,all,Azuratte,"For the price it was excellent. I usually call 1 dollar an hour of play time a good game up till 40 dollar limit.Read the negative reviews, they have a number of good points.I've played easy mode and had a good time, raids are few in between and you can build a city with no issues.Hard is harder but only from the frequency of being raided; though, if you survive an hour you'll be fine till you max out your island.The basics are good, more depth in how each building interacts with the next would help tremendously. The game is simple so I hope only a handfull of more buildings are added.It is a good play through, I will probably get 20 hours out of it in its current form but most will get around 8-11hrs."
76561198093256889,Recommended,569480,34538952,Posted: 27 August,all,786mcqueen,"I'm going to recommend expecting the updates forthcoming to be at least as good as what's already there. As it is, it's OK, but not outstanding, like it's not all there yet.THE GOOD: The simple graphics don't get in the way or make what you're doing more difficult. It's cute and pleasant and sufficient. I liked this about Prison Architect as well. The game play is a good start and it runs rock solid and hasn't crashed in the time I've played it. I liked not having a tutorial and being able to just figure it out.THE NOT SO GOOD: A few things take extra clicks that shouldn't, like going from ""build"" to ""query"". It gives the imopression the UI mechanics aren't quite finished yet. Also, I think that a game with so much water should have trading ports and fishing, possibly even a navy. Economic or political goals would be nice for the game mode where you don't need to focus on defense.BOTTOM LINE: It's like Stronghold Lite. Campared to Stronghold, the camera controls are better but the gameplay and graphics aren't quite as good. I think my seven year old would really like it, and for kids, it's worth the price of admission. This is the game I want to run on Android but I've played better on PC."
,Recommended,569480,35210119,Posted: 25 September,all,Zelmak,"V fun, such dopage bigviking ogre will miss you up"
76561198325894989,Not Recommended,569480,35310670,Posted: 29 September,all,polarbearplush,this is sooo bad i payed 7 quid for my game to not f uc king work half of the time
76561197972592502,Recommended,569480,33769468,Posted: 24 July,all,phil,Such a simple and fun game to play
76561198320370502,Recommended,569480,33769674,Posted: 24 July,all,Lin yu,好玩可以，游戏加入科技树或者其他文明建筑就好了It's fun. It's good to join the tech tree or other civilized buildings
76561198090318178,Not Recommended,569480,33736401,Posted: 22 July,all,darkstar,Way too simple of a game
76561198095297790,Recommended,569480,33890658,Posted: 29 July,all,Syrup Sandwitches,"This game is fun and all but, YOUR WORST ENEMY IN THE GAME ISNT THE VIKINGS OR THE DRAGONS! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ITS THE TREES! YOU CAN NEVER CHOP THEM DOWN AND THEY GET IN THE WAY OF BUILDING WALLS SO BY THE TIME YOU FINALLY CHOP THE TREE DOWN AFTER AN HOUR AND A HALF! MORE VIKINGS RAID AND WALK THROUGH THE HOLES WHERE THE TREES ARE! Thus, don't buy the game untill they fix."
,Not Recommended,569480,33841908,Posted: 27 July,all,Rocket,"Current state: Beautiful, but needs a story build around it. It simply lacks depth."
76561198025434087,Not Recommended,569480,33796467,Posted: 25 July,all,robertdrake910,"Kingdoms and Castles is an adequate, if primitive city-builder.  Everything you will find here will be familiar if you have played other games in this genre.  Unfortunately there simply isn't enough content.  It kept me entertained for a mere 2 days... $10 may be cheap, but I still expect more for that price tag."
76561198021942979,Recommended,569480,33720347,Posted: 22 July,all,twitch.tv/schobold,<3
76561198021480635,Not Recommended,569480,34518878,Posted: 26 August,all,StoicRobot5403,"How is this positively rated?  There is pretty much nothing released it works in a basic sense, and shame on me for not getting a refund but I guess I exceeded the return time limit.  The city building does not make much sense the population requirements and production capacities make no sense hey and if you wait your town will ignite for no reason... hope your people can throw water voxels at it fast enough..."
76561198191285057,Recommended,569480,33859883,Posted: 28 July,all,G3tTr!gg3rd,"I think this game is great, but there are some things that I think are bad for the following reasons;I was told Ogres could not pass Moats, but they canNegative resources (I think if the game has gotten this far that wouldnt be a problem.)Not many things to do after a 2+ hours of playing (It may be Early Access, but there's little to do.)Random fires (My people take 10 seconds to come up with the decision to put out fires, and by the time they try the building on fire is destroyed.)Suggestions;- Docks (To attack the Vikings aswell as Fish.)- More buildings- More enemies- More towers- Bigger map- And obviously, Mods. (Please allow mods, I think it would make the game 10x better)- Maybe have fires get put out while its raining??- Wooden Walls- Iron Walls- More ores to use- Maybe a type of class of Stone Age to Iron Age??"
,Recommended,569480,34550757,Posted: 28 August,all,Incandescent Starfish Overlord,"A wonderful little game.But pick it up on sale. You'll get a couple hours out of it, and you'll enjoy it.Desperately needs optimization, however."
76561198086749002,Recommended,569480,33769075,Posted: 24 July,all,Stolas,"This game is very easy to pick up and really easy to master.Even when playing the game for the first time on hard I had not problems what-so-ever figuring out what to and how to get there. The dragons and vikings are cute, but do not really destory anything. Plagues and fires disrupt you a bit, but nothing game-wiping.This game is basicly as a very easy city builder, with stuff to manage (like the dragons). This is way better (IMHO) then the other modern (bigger) city builders like Cities: Skylines. As most modern city builders tend to forget about the annoyances that would have to manage that this game does have.I would recommend this game, and what the hell I bought mine for a tenner and had a good two ~ three hours of fun out of it. If this seems steep maybe wait for a steamsale, but this game is definitly worth checking out."
,Recommended,569480,33678532,Posted: 20 July,all,Boss Sauce,"Overall a lovely game. Mixes Banished, Heathstone, and Cities Skylines in design, but has its own art style that complements it well. There are still some bugs (nothing major yet) but the developers have already said they are working on an update, and for $10? Dang, this game is a steal. Good job devs! Thank you for creating a great game"
,Recommended,569480,33682649,Posted: 20 July,all,Mike Oxlong,"The video game is great, it's past my expectations, and the dev's have amazing idea's for the future. 0 complaints"
76561198199996233,Recommended,569480,33710659,Posted: 21 July,all,Nderking,help the game wont start i have the required processer etc  it just goes white and freezes please help
76561198191066274,Recommended,569480,33769996,Posted: 24 July,all,POOTIS POW,Kingdoms and Castles in a nutsheelhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=d3F8B6QyknY
,Recommended,569480,33687902,Posted: 20 July,all,Disorganic,"fun, quirky, chill. perfect for when you're too fired for something more involved."
,Recommended,569480,33694837,Posted: 21 July,all,Pirdy,"The game is mildly entertaining. I think it is worth the $10. However, the game doesn't have any real endgame other then just to build. Also, it is way to easy. Even on the hardest setting I had to intentionally try to die and even that took over 10 minutes."
,Recommended,569480,33700555,Posted: 21 July,all,Amarock,"God, I miss Stronghold"
76561198335559882,Recommended,569480,33824778,Posted: 26 July,all,Jeremey this is francis,"i luv this game, but it needs multiplayer, more building, and more enemies maybe"
,Recommended,569480,33682245,Posted: 20 July,all,brax,Nice game but it has some small problems like you cant easly control the armies and you cant pick a target to attack and etc but the devs promiced things so we will see in the future
76561198059026256,Recommended,569480,33727111,Posted: 22 July,all,PVTpartz,gooder than a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,569480,33971280,Posted: 2 August,all,sorry-,The best City Builder I've seen so far. 10/10.
76561198278706402,Recommended,569480,35422682,Posted: 2 October,all,Stone_on_stuff,great game i cant play due to not haveing a PC that can run it but if you do get it
,Not Recommended,569480,33685723,Posted: 20 July,all,RyuuNoHi ( 竜の火 ),"Saw this nice looking game in the News feed, looked at Store Page, saw that it was a Builder game; thought to myself ""I like Builder games, let's try it.""Started my first game... No tutorial, no hints, no manual.No Progress in the game ( thought I play it safe and have no raids and so on). Did Point'n'Click on the tiles and found out that I can chop trees to make resources - thought I had enough resources to get started without needing that... As I said 'no tutorial'.The list of discoveries goes on:- Housing ( Well... OK. There was a hint for that with the Icon over the peoples head. )- Food ( You have 5 people consuming 10 food and nowhere it tells you, that you're running a deficit. )- Stone resources ( Not every rock formation can be used! )- Forrester ( Someone who will plant trees, needs trees nearby... found that out after deforesting the nearby area. )- Population growth ( With happiness pop grows... but if you have all pop busy the pop ain't happy and building won't complete - perhaps there was somethign else going on that I didn't see but... )- Time ( You can pause, play, and speed-up; but there's no telling how much time has gone by until it snows and the year ticks over)Nitpick: In Windowed mode you can barely read the writing in the tiny textboxes that pop up.Well in conclusion:ATM I can't recommend this game, but hope that future patches and revisions can make me revise this opinion."
76561197989272901,Not Recommended,569480,34245089,Posted: 14 August,all,menz,Fun casual game without any depth. Can't recommend it
76561198071233166,Not Recommended,569480,33710652,Posted: 21 July,all,Oleg,Banished in a Minecraft style. It is embarassing compared to the game it has been inpired by.
76561198119420948,Not Recommended,569480,34243157,Posted: 14 August,all,10FeetTALL,Somehow bugged. Can't gather any ressources. No tutorial.
,Recommended,569480,33678373,Posted: 20 July,all,Bilbo Baggins,-build my first forester-get instently on fire and the forest10/10 would burn the world again
76561198080652000,Not Recommended,569480,33731792,Posted: 22 July,all,PICKLE RICK,i got stuck in the game with no way to contiune because everything kept burning as soon as i made it and villagers are so bad at fire control its basically garantted to be destroyed everytime i made the biggest house it just kept being burnt down all the way and burning all the other ones maybe make it so houses cant catch on fire it makes you have to basically start over because villagers are so bad with fire
,Not Recommended,569480,33818003,Posted: 26 July,all,Professor Blawk,"I really really wanted to enjoy this game, but like a good amount of cases with these indie early access titles it's just so buggy. Within my first 5 minutes of playing the game crashed and my entire computer froze up, and I'm running a GTX 1070 and a very recent I7 processor, so my computer is definitely able to run this game.I had to restart my computer and when I started the game up again I just kept running into issues, the villagers were constantly starving despite me having more then enough farms avaliable. The buildings kept randomly catching on fire, the advisors wouldn't stop pinging despite their messages being the same.I understand it's a early access recently released game, but in my opinion they should have waited a bit longer before releasing this game. It has far to many issues to be playable, I paused the game to go talk to a family member and when I came back all my buildings were on fire and half of them were destroyed. Pausing the game doesn't even pause that, if that's not a sign that it was released too early then I don't know what is.I'll end this by saying the game has a great concept and is getting into a genre I personally love and wish more big companies invested their time in. But as of now it lacks content and is far to buggy, the game has potential and is by all means not bad. Just not exactly playable at the moment. I'd recommend this to someone who wants to support a developer, but not to someone who wants an actual game to play for hours on end.Edit: Wait, how is this game not in early access?"
76561197982345110,Not Recommended,569480,33705511,Posted: 21 July,all,Lioncash,"Game feels exhausting after 2-3 hours. Most of the content is available after this time and it becomes rather repetitive with no real goal, although the game feels quite relaxing at the same time. A thorough amount of enjoyment is obtainable within the 2-3 hour time frame however like I say, the game does feel quite pointless after some time. You're quite limited at what you can really build. Building castles requires an ENOURMOUS resource investment, their is a huge amount of resource management in regards to what you should build and when you should not build in order to be successful. Expect your first few towns to burn and die miserably and find more success in later builds/verions. Theirs a distinct order to building things together in order to have them totally supported against fire/starvation and happiness.I feel theirs little you can do against vikings at the minute and when they do arrive they tend to destroy a lot of your stuff, quite time consuming instead of the battles I expected to have. The troop system is limited and when I did have troops they simply did nothing, towers felt underpowered and mostly useless even when you build a lot of them."
76561198127187491,Recommended,569480,33680471,Posted: 20 July,all,SoGScoutSniper,Great game with plenty to offer for 10$!
,Recommended,569480,34081181,Posted: 7 August,all,Odoiki,we need chinese plz.
76561197990206387,Recommended,569480,33681055,Posted: 20 July,all,Vanron,Really Love this game. Funny and challenging.Ruby Wan Kenobi has diet from old age. What can i say....R.I.P. old friend
,Recommended,569480,33706277,Posted: 21 July,all,feddan,itd fun for a while
76561198129048536,Recommended,569480,33960127,Posted: 1 August,all,Some Kid,Actually fun. Try it out guys. Yoiu have 2 hours of free gameplay then refund it if you dont want it.
76561197984864620,Recommended,569480,33682500,Posted: 20 July,all,Glasfod,"yea this is aproved!i really love it all and the simple way to play and build is really a timesaver, i sad down and within half an hour i knew how to do it all, unlike most games these days which demand training camps for days.the only bad thing i can say at this point is content but as i understand they will be adding stuff now they have a good solid game.Buy It now. at this price it is a steal."
76561198278382051,Not Recommended,569480,33864799,Posted: 28 July,all,pumpachino,i cant even ♥♥♥♥ing place stuff
,Recommended,569480,33734933,Posted: 22 July,all,ponisauri079,.
76561198126110705,Not Recommended,569480,33691908,Posted: 21 July,all,Doi Doi Doi,"I just can;t give any good rating to this game , overall it was avarage .Not as fun as what it shown, Tried to play in hard mode, could surive it until then the viking raiding keep on coming. It's like it doesn't gives you any break in much between to recover from the raid and eventually your population just keep dropping and it takes much time to keep it back up before the next viking raiding. What worst, its not just the vikings and dragon but the damn thunder that keep on breaking my damn villager houses."
76561198006612890,Not Recommended,569480,33710713,Posted: 21 July,all,Mothey,Content dry.
76561198218132461,Recommended,569480,33820650,Posted: 26 July,all,tepuffhusk society.gg,"this game made me realize that i am gay, because it reminded me of sims. because of that I felt like a ""gamer girl,""whats a gamer girl you ask? a girl that plays games, likes COLORS andhave facial piercings that look terrible.so but the game to see if YOUR gay. :)"
76561198022945579,Recommended,569480,33856071,Posted: 28 July,all,飞翔的楠哥,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198155508155,Not Recommended,569480,33732899,Posted: 22 July,all,Crepes,">Gets in the game ""Oh this looks cool! Can't wait!>Places castle near water and build 2 farms>After a few days progress the farms are drowned and people starve>People starve due to not having enough raw wheat0/10 needs more wheat"
76561198002525609,Recommended,569480,33688723,Posted: 20 July,all,Chronoblivion,"Some of the reviews say it's like Banished, which is an understatement. It is a shameless ripoff of Banished, with a few things removed and the addition of some basic defense elements.If I could give this a neutral recommendation I would. It definitely loses a lot of points for being a blatant clone, but the differeces do make it a somewhat different experience. I give it a tentative yes, but would recommend picking it up on sale, especially if you already own Banished."
76561198028139884,Not Recommended,569480,33713517,Posted: 21 July,all,Legendlink,I would like to play this game and give it a proper review but crashes to desktop on Linux after a few minutes of play.
76561198067782016,Not Recommended,569480,33820464,Posted: 26 July,all,Bolshevik Bulbosaur,"Ummm... extreme graphical issues that make the game unplayable. I'm on a Mac laptop. I have a Windows desktop so I will try it again on that computer when I get the chance, but for now, very unhappy with the purchase, cannot even play the game. If it doesn't work on my desktop, will try to return the game. Hopefully they hammer these issues out."
76561198152317083,Not Recommended,569480,33694368,Posted: 21 July,all,Clawvax,"I like this game and the concept of it but i couldn't even stand 20 mins of it because all it did was  make my computer quite laggy, with my computer i had to disable clouds, shadows etc. to run it at above 30 fps. I recommend this game even though there are slight problems here and there. I also have a small issue, when ever i look around, black stuff keeps appearing as if theres a texture glitch or something is just glitching in general. I hoped this helped!"
76561198127285659,Not Recommended,569480,34498293,Posted: 26 August,all,Baedolph Hitler,If anyone so much as strikes a match in your village it will burn something down
76561198124198774,Not Recommended,569480,34911327,Posted: 12 September,all,marsking117,"This game looked fun, but when i purchased it i was promised multiplayer which is mentioned in the tags. but upon starting the game there was no option to create a lobby or anything multiplayer. total and utter lies from the devs, it's a shame this is my very first review."
,Recommended,569480,33678362,Posted: 20 July,all,knb10000,PLAY IT NOW
,Recommended,569480,34518576,Posted: 26 August,all,Hureen,mjbhjbbbjjbhh
,Not Recommended,569480,33843752,Posted: 27 July,all,Geofferic,Too buggy to play. Randomly simply stops recognizing mouse clicks. CTDs randomly.
,Not Recommended,569480,34651764,Posted: 31 August,all,The Gaming Womble,"No manual, no tutorial...if you can't be bothered, then why should I?"
,Not Recommended,569480,33779781,Posted: 24 July,all,Бобби (Bobby),low content
,Not Recommended,569480,34453290,Posted: 23 August,all,NickGames,i cant rotate things!
76561198052121467,Not Recommended,569480,34001555,Posted: 3 August,all,Krisdafox,"Completly unplayable on mac. Litterally can't see whats going on because of screen going black, and flickerin."
76561198168690505,Not Recommended,569480,33815551,Posted: 26 July,all,✡KINGELI✡,Boring
,Not Recommended,569480,33779032,Posted: 24 July,all,im green,Can't even place a Quarry great talk.
,Not Recommended,569480,34428168,Posted: 22 August,all,Gareth Johnson,"THIS GAME IS AWEFUL! YOU CAN'T GET STONE NO MATTER WHERE YOU BUILD THE QUARRY. I'LL TAKE MY MONEY BACk, THANK YOU."
76561198202606221,Not Recommended,569480,34005594,Posted: 3 August,all,Pandachu,Game wont start. Good game but garbage. Can't even play. Waste of money don't buy it. Won't even start for me. Garbage game but good idea.
76561198241667510,Recommended,569480,33676272,Posted: 20 July,all,[_Theo_],This is good game
76561198326423706,Not Recommended,569480,33972332,Posted: 2 August,all,nchacin44,Was hyped for this game but it is just stupid I calculated how everything would work and my ♥♥♥♥ing village was doomed from the start don't even buy this game its so bad viking attacks are crazy the villagers are never HAPPY EVEN AFTER DOING EVERY REQUEST THEY WANTED AND SPENT 500G ON FESTIVAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T  the devs are absolute crap and aren't going to fix any of this
76561198386219199,Not Recommended,569480,33727436,Posted: 22 July,all,dmuncan,im on windows ten pavilion the graphics arent that good i think its auto and i dont like the theater mode thing with the 2 black things on each side of the screen please fix it or i will rate  this protuct down or respond if you can.. :=====(
76561198010198617,Not Recommended,569480,33698283,Posted: 21 July,all,Hippiecab,"Played 10 minutes. Built a keep, a house and a farm. Barely any guidance, no goal in sight. Realised that the game had not hooked me yet. Didn't want to keep playing.The game is not for me. I wan't to play something that properly introduces me to the mechanics and the goal. This might happen with further updates but right now I just don't have the patience to figure out this game.For context, one of my favorite games is Crusader Kings 2. That game is complex and difficult to learn and master, but at least it gives you a tutorial to show you how to play the game at a basic level and it clearly states the goal. This game puts you on the map and makes you do things on your own. It might be fun for some but I wan't to be hooked in with a proper introduction to what the game is about."
,Not Recommended,569480,33678122,Posted: 20 July,all,BigPP,Too buggy for macs. I can't recommend for mac users.
76561198353930522,Recommended,569480,33675369,Posted: 20 July,all,GCampbell0615,"Been following this game for a while, but at least I got the first non-early access review.The game is really impressive and has controls that are easy to learn and grasp. I didn't know how to collect taxes, but it turned out I was just not being attentive, and I soon learned how. The people look cool from a distance, but too close to Minecraft/Roblox clones upclose. I really have no complaints, besides that a more medium type mode would be cool, not just peaceful, easy, and then hard. The constant chance of vikings invading or dragons swooping down keeps you aware of every single thing you build or demolish. Great game, would totally recommend, especially for the price, plus it has great replayability."
,Recommended,569480,33693849,Posted: 21 July,all,Dondergrons,"This review is based on my first impressions and playthrough of the game. When necessary, I will update the review! Furthermore, as a hardcore Banished player I'm going to compare both games a lot.Resource management and depth: this game is definitely much more easy than Banished. Gathering food is absolutely not a problem. In fact, contrary to Banished, it seems increasing your population is the ultimate goal of this game, not managing your resources. The game is therefor not as punishing, or well, it's not punishing at all in the way Banished. That's because the goal of this game is not the same as Banished. Banished is about resource management, this is more about building a town and defending from dragon attacks and so on.Jobs and your ability to assign work: this is absent. You cannot decide what amount of people work where. This has bothered me a lot because I want to micromanage my civilians, but now I understand I simply need to expand my town to accomodate more civilians. This is 100% opposite of Banished. This game you can expand to grow your city, in Banished you first have to grow your city before you actually expand it (get my drift? lol).Build order: because the ultimate goal of the game is different, you start building stuff like quarries from the get go. This seems weird, but once I found out they provide an infinite source of the material, it isn't really a problem.Build  Mechanic: unlike Banished, in this game you cannot place buildings freely. When the game starts you place your castle andaroundit you start expanding your town based on the grid the map provides. This unique mechanic highlights the idea of the game to expand your castle into an empire and provides certain limitations when expanding: you need roads. It is a fun mechanic that isn't bothersome, but feels completely befitting for the game.Tax: when your citizens are happy, you can tax them! Tax is used to build different kinds of buildings (like churches). I like this feature a lot, although I haven't tried much of it yet. Still exploring.Combat: for the Banished player, combat might feel quite difficult at first. I had a map which got destroyed by vikings because I started building military too late. This again shows that Kingdoms and Castles is a different game, with its own mechanics. Combat also builds up depending on your city, this way early attacks aren't as punishing. This allows you to restore your city and reiterate on your defenses.Castle Development: ultimately, this game is about you the noble man building a town. Banished is about surviving because you got banished. Kingdoms and Castles not so much, you just want to expand and build the greatest empire. As such, you can upgrade your castle, make it bigger, larger, the best. It's gonna be huge. Super huge. But serious: this is a fun point of view for the game and I enjoy it.Advisors: in your castle you have advisors that advise you on what to do next. They focus on Agriculture, City and Military. They provide information on things such as when to tax your citizens, when you ought to build a granary for food storage or when you need to start building your army to protect your town. An interesting feature that I expect to fall off in the late game or for experienced players. However, with the absence of a tutorial this is a good feature that also thematically falls in line with the game. Cool feature.PROsThe game looks great and has a beautiful art style.Unique mechanics, that do give you some sort of Banished-vibes, just not as punishing and in-depth.Different way of management, that provides a different way of playing this game. Don't expect the depth of Banished, but don't expect the same type of game either.Combat is interesting and definitely a good mechanic.Upgrading your castle allows you to expand your empire (it's called Kingdoms and Castles for a reason, same as why Banished is called Banished).Advisors give a unique twist in the early game, and can almost be seen as some sort of tutorial.CONsI miss the micromanagement, and while not really a con, I had hoped it to be there.Game seems relatively simply, don't expect the same depth as Banished.The game is quite heavy, moreso than I expected. I think low-end systems could run into some problems.No tutorial. Some of the things are unclear, but on the other hand it's fun to explore and you still got your advisors to help you a bit.The townlog in the upper left corner is annoyingly large, I wish I could resize or minimize it.No keybindings (that I know of) to build specific buildings.OVERALL OPINIONThis game is fun and interesting. It doesn't provide the depth that Banished has, but it does have other mechanics involving the castle and combat. If you really want micromanagement though, this game might not be for you. It's definitely more casual, but it provides a different experience of city building. For merely €10, I think it's actually quite the bargain. If you're on the fence, just wait for it to be on sale."
76561198083294832,Recommended,569480,33770870,Posted: 24 July,all,Krissy,"Kingdoms and Castles is a fun little game that you can pick up and casually play. It's unique and seperates itself from other games in the genre of city building because of the setting with it being set in a medieval time. You have to prepare yourself for Viking attacks and also Dragon attacks and if you fail to deal with them then your citizens will grow unhappy and people will be unlikely to flock to your kingdom. The drawback of Kingdoms and Castles is quite simply that at the current time there is not enough content. It feels much more like an early access than a full game. I've only played roughly 3 hours and i've pretty much done everything there is to do minus a few things and i don't really see me accruing hundreds of hours on it or anything like that. For 6.99 you can't really go wrong, but if you're looking for a city building game that will keep you captivated for hours on end then I think you should look else where."
76561198013462546,Recommended,569480,33750504,Posted: 23 July,all,7thsojurn,"MASTERS OF GAME DESIGN BUILD GAMES HAS FINALLY COME TO THE GAMING WORLD OF GAMING:(PRO's)Improvements on game building has finally come to building design games. For years gaming companys have been building games that work not so well this plauged most if not all in one way or another. One of the best games that even came close to all the right elements was Empires made by microsoft and one other that was even closer to an excllent game building system was war craft the first one and the second one, both where favorites. But this game has concored all building game systems ever made to date conquered them all.THIS MAYBE  MY OPIONION AT LEASE FROM AN OLD GAMER POINT OF VIEW: FROM THE START OF GAME ON COMPUTERS:The issue that plauged most build system game like caesar and others similar to this game style,""WAS THE ISSUE OF YOUR PEOPLE LEAVING AN BURNING THERE HOMES"". They would run out of food or some other issue and do this by huge numbers, but no more for this company has got it right. Yes they still leave the homes but in very small numbers over time if you don't fix the issue in your kingdom. ""WARNING GAME PLAY TIP,"" for hunger or other just demolish a few to many building projects and the little number that have lost will return. This idea is one of the greatest fix's of all times and this is how build games should work.Their is allso so many other improvements in this game that some one in this gaming company must of done his school work. From opions to many other added improvements making this game One of the greatest game ever made to date.THIS GAME IN MY OPINION IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ALL YOU WANT AN EXCELLENT GAME:(BUT NO GAME IS PERFECT) (CON's)One major issue i have seen is in your own military units, that is you are not  able to control them.There is no aggressive setting so they just allow the enemy to walk right pass them durning an attack this issue su@ks and should be fixed.  If i click on the enemy with my unit it should attack them until one army is distroyed, but they have to be baby sited, ""PLEASE"" Fix this....2nd major issue agian with military unit design issue in game play is with hundreds of peole you can never make or build recuite units, this issue needs to be fixed army is way to small for a fun battle build game this is another major issue that plauges the game.YOUR MILITARY SU@KS EVERY PART OF IT.... i do like the group units idea but ability's Fix all of this and growth of units is very poor.GAME IDEA TIP:ONE MISSING ELEMENT TO THIS GAME AN IT MAY ALREADY HAVE IT BUT I NOT SURE IT DON'T AND SHOULD BE ADDED OF NOT:  In the game is after many years you are able to build your own ships and attack and destory all the enemy on the world map an win the hole game. this would be truly the final greatest game ever. (For all games should have a end time winner.)THANK YOU IN ADVANCE FOR READING MY POST AND MY ISSUE AN FIXING ANY OF THEM THAT I HAVE ADDRESSED IN THIS SHORT GAME REVIEW:"
76561197972867831,Recommended,569480,33723090,Posted: 22 July,all,Silver Ssaurabi,"A refreshing medieval city builder that improves on the formula. I enjoy that the game requires some strategy with resource layout, but not in a way that leaves you puzzled as to why something isn't working or why citizens are dying. Raiding parties add a fun challenge to the game that others in this genre were missing. The price is extremely fair, with promises from the developers of future enhancements to come.Ayes:+ Pleasing visual art style+ Very fleshed out interface+ The perfect balace of management, not too much, not too little+ Raids add purpose to your building priorities and are enjoyable+ Price is very good for a game of this level of polishNays:- The advisors are annoying, the game needs an off button for them- There isn't much variance in what happens from day to day except the raids- Needs more display of range for buildings like markets, granaries, homes, and production facilities- Pathfinding needs work, citizens will walk through water rather than use a bridge right next to them. On a few occasions I've seen builders get locked in a small back and forth loop between resource stockpiles and the building they were working on.- The developers are a bit over the top with thier fake news driven, popularity chasing Trump hate on thier twitter feeds. Thier feed links are literally meshed in the main menu screen of the game, the result of overinflated self importance likely. Stick to making games, you sour me on your game with all that pedestrian political drivel."
76561198138090930,Recommended,569480,34113267,Posted: 8 August,all,nataliermarini,Awesome simulation game. My only request would that be the game has harder settings for the vikings and some more build options.
76561198127597466,Recommended,569480,34111609,Posted: 8 August,all,jkl0823,"Great art style, easy-to-learn controls and mechanics. A great take on a classic formula. Building up a kingdom is awesome, and watching enemies burn my fields is my favorite new activity. 10/10"
,Recommended,569480,34123072,Posted: 9 August,all,Widen,"If you are the type of people who are bad in AOE and only focus on how to build your Kingdom gloriously,This is the game for you.Yes this game is very basic, but actually really fun with deep protential.Love this game looking forward to have more content.7/10 !"
76561198216261988,Recommended,569480,34128319,Posted: 9 August,all,TisDaBigQ,Very good game you get addicted very quick.
76561197992112381,Recommended,569480,34107334,Posted: 8 August,all,SnackyCakesIII,"This is a fun sandbox kingdom builder with tower defense aspects.  Think of it like banished with attacking dragons and hoards.  In my first playthrough i played it on hard and thought it wasnt very hard.  The hoards are really dumb.  Graphics and music are simple, yet good.  The only goal is to build a successful kingdom, whatever you deem that to be.  I like it."
76561198132797486,Recommended,569480,34115012,Posted: 8 August,all,skelton_422,Fun for about 5-10 hours - no real replay value
,Not Recommended,569480,34115669,Posted: 8 August,all,G8Commodore,"Can be a fun game but only for a few hours and on (no threat mode). Was on the low threat setting and as a small town my townspeople were constantly fighting random fires, but would just let archer towers burn to the ground(since apparently archer towers love to catch fire CONSTANTLY), so if you have any defenses built they're all rubble by the time the vikings come to set the rest of the town on fire. Felt like it was on max dificulty.Game has potential but have to say, not worth the $10."
76561198022152171,Recommended,569480,34118186,Posted: 8 August,all,Rawr,"A fun game to pass the time.Spontanious fires need some work d though, they are annoying as♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052618080,Recommended,569480,34117216,Posted: 8 August,all,mes218,"So this game is a lot of fun for about a week.  Once you figure out what you need to create a balance, the game ends.  You can continue the balance across your continent and you can replay to build the perfect beautful city but really once you have the balance down, its game over.In terms of price per fun, its a no brainer when its on sale and if your a sim guy its worth it even if its full price.  Thumbs up for me, but really its a 60/40 split."
,Recommended,569480,34147635,Posted: 10 August,all,GΛYMΞR,My farms always ♥♥♥♥ing burn....♥♥♥♥ me manbut cool game i recommend it... but ♥♥♥♥ me man
,Recommended,569480,34152668,Posted: 10 August,all,Old_Mc_Donald,Its a nice fun little game to play when you dont want to play anything to intesive. But it still presents a challenge even on easy for newer players.
76561198075582715,Not Recommended,569480,33736460,Posted: 22 July,all,11,"After 3 and a half hours in the game, I'd this sensation that there wasn't anything else to do. No new building left to build, nothing different would happen. Feels like an unfinished game. Regret buying it. but hopefully we can see more buildings, enemies and other options like commerce implemented in the future."
,Recommended,569480,34171926,Posted: 11 August,all,Climo,"This game is really good for £6.99, but i feel like i want more; it doesnt go very indepth, and after almost 10 hours of playing i feel like im now just scrapping the bottom of the barrel with this games' content. The game is very cheap so the lack of content isnt too much of a problem and i had so much fun when it come to playing the game but i feel like if i start a new game and start my progress again I'd probably end up doing the same thing with not much change.This game isnt bad at all, its just that i feel like its too simple and needs new updates to make new play-throughs fresh. Thats the kind of magic games like Civ and Minecraft have since you can start a lot of games and it feels fresh every time and thats what this game is missing. I feel like the game just needs more content if it want me to play more since whenever i expand my kingdom im just doing the same things over and over again, theres not too much creativity since i NEED civilians and then they NEED food and then i need the protect them which NEEDS wood, stone and money and i never get the choice of what i want to do and its instead what the game want me to do.Appart from that nit pick, its a fun game and worth the £7 and can be really addictive."
76561198106238399,Recommended,569480,34160826,Posted: 10 August,all,ROSSDABOSS,I love this game. Everything about it is amazing. I like the fact that you can start from little a make your kingdom huge!
,Not Recommended,569480,34196409,Posted: 12 August,all,Crossmas,"Personal Rating: 4/10KaC is a casual building game. It is good for wasting some hours of gameplay, but it doesn't have much replayability. It also didn't keep me permanently. I played it for like 1 or 2 hours and then I was bored.I really like the voxel graphics. They are kept simple but still look adorable.In my opinion the game is lacking some features (e.g. fertilizing the farmland since it is the only landtype where you can build food production on and better overlay for showing which buildings have access to a library etc.)Since the devs revealed some plans for the future you might check back later, because at the moment I can't recommend the game. But I also look forward hearing of the future news, because I think the game still has much potential."
,Recommended,569480,34201184,Posted: 12 August,all,Boxissgames,"This game is fun great but like all games it deffinetly needs improvment but if you're a fan of banished and similar titles you'll enjoy this.Improvements it needs:-ability to fertilize land-population happin ess increse for varied diet-more types of food to produce (with different advantages/disadvantages)-more types of defnse buildings-the ai in the game I'm playing at the moment doesnt fill their household even though there is enough resources at the markets nearby or the graneries nearby therefore people starve occasionally (not gaem neding)-diferent levels of roads so dirt, cobble, etc that let people move fasterI would talk about the great points but tehy are easily seen by my critisims and other people have amptly mentioned them in teir review."
76561198255593823,Recommended,569480,34209646,Posted: 13 August,all,BananaNotFructa,It's a great game but it needs more buildings. 8/10
76561198205526339,Recommended,569480,34205676,Posted: 12 August,all,xXPhantomVoidXx,This is a very fun and inovative city byuilder wuth an interesting take. The dynamics and overall feel of the game will make you come back. 10/10
,Recommended,569480,34205341,Posted: 12 August,all,tonytwo,"Excellent game, needs a better tutorial and workshop support, but is a great choice if you want something that is more casual and simplistic."
,Recommended,569480,34204908,Posted: 12 August,all,Kosmic Killjoy,A great little city builder with a simple and clean aesthetic. Challenging resource management keeps the game interesting.
76561198043670207,Recommended,569480,34215435,Posted: 13 August,all,ornithopterman,"Bought the game for €10 because I thought it looked pretty and the trailers looked nice.After playing for a while, I must say I do not regret the purchasee and was pleasantly suprised by its contents.IntroductionKingdoms and Castles presents itself as a medieval city builder annex survival game, in which you become the ruler of a baby kingdom, which you must nuture to a blossoming empire. Your advisaries include vikings, (yay!) dragons, (whoow) and..rain (huh?). The game will make you very inclined to quote a certain sean bean line from a certain popular TV series over and over again, as your harvest will be consumed by the hard temperatures of winter. Your main challange will be to keep your citizens fed and happy; doing so will attract more peasant to do your bidding, leading to an increase in the size of your kingdomGameplayAlthough the game lacks a tutrial, I found the controles to be very intuitive and, after playing for a while in a peacefull/sandbox mode, I had the feeling I did quite master the game (together with the help of my advisors). The mechanics of the game are also quite simple; farms and ochard give food, which needs to be stored in a granery and transported to a marketplace to be avalaible to the peasants. Other resources are coal, which is made by burning wood at a coalmaker, Stone, which  is carved out of white stone via a quarry, and iron, which is mined from a 'Iron stone' . All resources are infinite, but require peasants to work on them. This can be challenging in the beging, as you don't have that many peasant to commant and have to micromanage quite a bit to be effective. On the other hand; there is no problem with resource manangement, which leads both to tranquillity and monotony.Futher more, the crafting three is again quite short. food and coal can be made into bread whose benefits are a bit mysterious at the moment, and iron kan be made into weapons for soliers or tools which increase the effectiveness of resources gathering for a bit.On a positive note, the peasants themselves are fully automated, and do their jobs quite well. I say quite, because I did run into some bugs in which my peasants happely ignored the tons of food next to them as they prefered to wither and die a cold and gruesome death by their own hand. On the other hand, the AI is quite ingenious at other moments; effectivly transporting goods and resources from one place to another, and responding quite rapidly to your build orders.The vikings and dragons mentioned earlier can be fended of by placing walls, ballistas en arrow towers. It is also possible to train a general and some soldiers. To be honest, I was quite let down by this facet of the game. From a game which says to be inspired by stronghold, the defensive options sure are limited. furthermore, with only 4 types of enemies in game, combat isn't the strongest nor the most challenging part of the game. In fact, the whole game as of now isn't that challenging; its simple mechanics are both its strength and its downfall.contentThe game itself strongly reminds me of caesar III (from 1998) in which you were a roman ruler who's job it was to build a city from the ground up. The main difference between these two games, is that Caesar III featured a campaign, individual scenarios and vastly more gameplay. In kingdoms & castles homes need 3 things to be happy; food, coal (for warmth) and acces to a library or church. you can add maybe 3 building more for kicks but that's about it. In caesar, you needed bout 3 elements to just keep the citizens in the city; to get any proper city going you needed atleast 5 types of food (some which needed 2 processors), temples to please the gods, a fire watch, a guard to quell uprisings, etc. the game had more dept then Kingdoms and Castle has and, regretfully, will ever have.visuals and musicThe game features a low-resolution polygon style which works quite well with the overall theme of the game. the soundtrack is short (maybe 20 min or so?) but isn't annoying at any moment and, again, fits well with the overal theme.conclusionKingdoms and Castles is a fun little city builder which burrows elements from various other games and blends it into a smooth running game which will definetly keep you busy for 20-40hours. After that, you've pretty much seen everything the game has to offer and there is nothing left but to wait for what the next update brings. There is a lot of potential in this game and with a dedicated team (duo?) behind it, I have confidence that its shortage of content will be resolved eventualy.verdict:Gameplay 8/10content 6/10visuals & audio: 9/10total: a solid 5/7"
,Recommended,569480,34215033,Posted: 13 August,all,DireMass,"If you're looking for a medieval city builder to get your building fix, I would recommend Kingdoms and Castles.It very much itches that Banished itch I've been looking for for a while now, since the game got quite stale for me over time. Kingdoms and Castles very much echos Banished's gameplay, with a lot of the same buildings (and new ones), simple material management, easy to get used too. This game also introduces A.I threats in the forms of Dragons, Vikings and Ogres, which can be quite devistating when not prepared. All in all, this game is a great city builder and worth the $10 tag.Pros:- Nice graphics- Simple and easy city builder- Addictive gameplay- Relatively smart A.I- Dev support- Relatively bug freeCons:- Lack of variety of A.I threats- Lack of building asthetic variety- No endgame goal"
76561198410248705,Recommended,569480,34217906,Posted: 13 August,all,mexirican808,This game is fun and entertaining. Never ending fun.
76561198059022344,Recommended,569480,34218529,Posted: 13 August,all,RocketLawnChair,"great game, missing workshop though!"
76561198077359072,Recommended,569480,34180775,Posted: 11 August,all,babygaara92,"Kingdoms and Castles is an awesome game for the price. It might not take you too long to build all the available structures and to defeat the different types of enemies that appear in the game. That being said, the game has great lasting appeal and replayability. Surviving in Kingdoms and Castles becomes more difficult the longer you stay alive, and starting over after a defeat is smooth and painless. I found myself playing obsessively for several days, even long after I'd seen the majority of the game. It's not a ton of content, but enough to justify 10$ and it's a lot of fun and I'm very optimistic for future updates, too. My greatest strife is with the generals on their horses who really need to be able to move and attack on their own because currently you need to mash click around to control them, which means you can really only control one at a time and you can't work on your defenses during a raid because you're too busy controlling the generals."
,Recommended,569480,34179101,Posted: 11 August,all,Mikaelssen,"eh, more work."
76561198041502188,Recommended,569480,34178834,Posted: 11 August,all,Ninjaboy912,"This game is very fun and has a lot of thought process to how to build your kingdom. The thing i think the should add are a steam workshop, more enemys, and a map editor."
,Recommended,569480,34184495,Posted: 11 August,all,Player2,"i love this game,but i hope they will add cheat xDthis is the best strategy citybuilding game (For Me) 100/100"
76561198031326796,Recommended,569480,34185825,Posted: 12 August,all,grognak,"Kingdoms and Castles: A light-hearted medieval city sim that is quaint and refreshingly simple.So far, I've been playin on normal, and have accrued my current time of 11 hours within 3 days of owning the game. I've seen many negative reviews of this game, and I truly don't think it's deserved. At a modest 10 shmekles, this game is a smile city builder, with some basic key elements towards city planning and resource managing. I like this game most because it's honestly exactly what I didn't know I wanted, yet am so satisfied and engaged I have to stop myself from playing into the wee hours. I of course find at times the cycle of food, people, happiness, and defense a bit repetitive so I take a break. This is a game best enjoyed a leisure, with no huge benefit from forcing yourself to grind out hours of gameplay. The learning curve is not steep, and for me a lot of the fun has been from imprinting my own emotions and goals towards achieving the type of city I'd want to live in, and striving to reach all of the achievements. I think this game, in it's beautifully simple nature, will wear on me in maybe 10 more hours, and that's perfectly fine with me. It's been a grat journey so far, and I look forward to completing my city to the best of my heart's content. Currently, I'm striving to make a solid, high wall surrounding my city.Overall, it is up to you what you make of this game. I think it's perfect for casuals like myself, and others may lose interest with it's lack of micromanagement. That's okay. I am so glad I picked up this game (at full price) and would do so again knowing what I do of the game. I loathe the idea of it when I'm not playing it sometimes, but once I get the craving it fills the spot.DEFINITELY worth picking up on a sale, no doubt!"
,Recommended,569480,34149558,Posted: 10 August,all,Naymuki,"Love this game, already addicted to it."
76561198031276675,Recommended,569480,34204552,Posted: 12 August,all,Scrimpy,Probably one of the best indie city building games on Steam. Definately worth the 10$ you spend on this game.10/10
,Recommended,569480,34206256,Posted: 12 August,all,d̶ig̵i̶t͜a̵l̡-͡style͞,"Considering this game is only $10 I think its a fair recommendation. It's a great entry level city builder game with little depth, but a fair amount of content.Pros:Everything is pretty straight forward, and easy to learn.Clean looking art styleA decent balance, of fairness, challenge, and progression (for the most part)It has a satisfactory amount of depth (Though it could use more)Cons:Not a lot of depth, and lacks a lot of content outside the basicsAdvisors advice, and happiness levels are not always clear on what the game wants.Lacks some basic mechanics, like click and drag functions.The UI is a bit clustered, and notifications are generally not displayed in a helpful way. They show one at a time and scroll very fast.Enemies feel like it's a survival game, with an inevitable end. (It's optional though)Overall for the price, it's not bad. It's not the greatest game in this genre, but it 'swell put together. It certainly has room for improvement, and I look forward to see this game grow. It does seem to have a dedicated development team that is eager to update it regularly."
76561197980914216,Recommended,569480,34211272,Posted: 13 August,all,0x8024D007,"Search a beautiful piece of dirt where you build your first house.And grow your village, with your experienced leadership, into a castle that will be part of legends and novels.Small system requirements and a cool graphic will provide a well spend life time."
,Recommended,569480,34190058,Posted: 12 August,all,Tryo,Sometimes doesn't respond even though I have a good computer. It is a wonderful city building game.
76561198047681937,Recommended,569480,34223261,Posted: 13 August,all,Kelec,Decent game for the price. Casual city builder with random events. Straight forward gameplay. Once you figure out the balance of farming to production you've basically mastered the game.
76561198010332621,Recommended,569480,34465294,Posted: 24 August,all,Inglorious Gamer,What an amazing game. Love it
76561198030840976,Not Recommended,569480,34466312,Posted: 24 August,all,2010.xps,"You will spend 3 hours building your city, then the giants will come and will destroy everything and there's no way to kill them even if you have 50 defence towers... Then you will spend 3 more hours deleting each rubbles one by one because it's not possible to do otherwise, killing all the fun and giving you alot of frustration... Total waste of time !... Don't spend your money for this stupid crap."
76561198411927425,Recommended,569480,34465625,Posted: 24 August,all,deadrose_k,"Good game to play when you wanna kill time. Overall very fun, can be irritating to have to constantly tend to all the different problems and needs. Your kingdom can grow very fast, or die very fast. It's really a game you would have to sit and play for hours to get any progress. It's good to play when your'e bored, very addicting. I would reccomend it."
76561198143731266,Recommended,569480,35091852,Posted: 20 September,all,samaaron1,"Excellent and beautiful game with great devs! I grew up playing AoE 2, Mythology, and 3; as well as various sim games. So I am somwhat of a veteran in this type of genre. KaC is a cross between those two. Difference is you only play defense. Build, manage and defend your town. I had a blast playing and if you have interest in these types of games I guarantee you will too. For under $15 this game is a no brainer for pretty much everyone. Honestly, even if you aren't into the genre, it's worth a shot.I have one ""complaint"": the game is easy. Maybe it's supposed to be(?). Maybe it's just because I'm a pro...I played one match on medium; coasted to victory. Played a second match on hard; beat it somewhat easily. The first time the vikings showed up I had a minor scare when the ogre broke my wall, but the army never went in...so...lol Anyway, I certianly do not regret my purchase. And I believe that if the devs continue to support it, this may become the new standard for the genre. That's how good of a platform they have right now. I've played almost 12 hours now and look forward to playing more after a few updates.If the game is designed to be more of a sim than a defense game, then I suggest more customisation and options.Some suggestions to Lion Shield:1 More difficult: Villagers can die when city attacked.2 More enemies that pose different types of threats. How about different factions of vikings that all come to do something different? One comes to burn and destroy. One comes to steal gold and resources. One comes to take villagers.2 More customisation. The models look amazing, but it would be fun if we could change roof and building colors or things like that.3 Would love to see my city at night4 Variations of buildings. I love how the tiers of housing work. That they become more efficient. It would be even more fun though if you actually had some difficult choices to make to implement different strategies. So one buildling offers more happiness while another of the same cost houses 2 more people. That concept implemented throughout would help with replayabilty tremendously.Please do not take these as criticisms. Just some ideas I thought of that could be fun :)Thank you and keep up the great work Lion Shield!Strongly reccomend!"
,Recommended,569480,34910401,Posted: 12 September,all,NeonSRK,"If you feel you aren't into this game after an hour, you're probably not going to like the game at all. Within that time you've probably seen 70% of the buildings, been attacked a few times, and managed to make a solid sized city. If the gameplay doesn't grab you by then, you aren't going to get grabbed by it later. If the gameplay does grab you though, this is a solid city building game that has a fair amout of replayability. Solid 7/10."
,Recommended,569480,34919740,Posted: 13 September,all,Yae,Need more buildings that all I am asking :(
,Recommended,569480,34952150,Posted: 14 September,all,"Lester,Moe Lester",not too bad for the first 5 - 10 hours until when i made my city almost 3/4 the whole map and it starts getting so laggy like 9 fps even when im running it on a gtx 1080 other than that its a good game but needs to be optimized
76561198065223081,Recommended,569480,34967958,Posted: 15 September,all,zinniaowleye,"This is a really delightful game.  It features simple, streamlined mechanics which form together to create a very complex, engaging and difficult game that is much more than the sum of it's parts. Graphics are super charming as well."
,Recommended,569480,34960099,Posted: 14 September,all,i only use pp,"I resently sold some of my cs:go skins to get this game and i am very glad that i did.  this game is very fun and addicting.  there are a lot of features, but i feel there can be so many more.  i want to see like a missions tab or something after you get to like 200 peasants or something, to build a boat and go fight the dragon or vikings on their home land.  i also had many problems with food.  i feel there should be a way to fish and get food in the water as an alternative to getting it from farms on land."
76561198137097053,Recommended,569480,34984890,Posted: 15 September,all,Skylord,"For $10 it's a great game. You'll get at least 5 hours out of it and for me thats me than enough. Just know that after that period it will likely bore you, but those first 5 hours are great and you can easily reach 10 hours and still have fun with it. I feel that 10 is a fair price and well worth the experience if the game looks at all interesting to you."
76561198055680898,Recommended,569480,34982365,Posted: 15 September,all,Tharsis,This game is already great and the devs keep adding great ideas to it. Just finished my first play through and am ready to start a second.
76561198243884398,Recommended,569480,35001537,Posted: 16 September,all,turtlehead88,good
,Recommended,569480,34996870,Posted: 16 September,all,NecroBrit,Ticks all the boxes a good city bulder should -- providing a nice sence of growth and story to your city -- while also having an extremly low barrier to entry and being very relaxing.Amount of content is about right for the amount of content.
,Recommended,569480,35123167,Posted: 22 September,all,exoplasm,"It's the same kind of addiction as Banished, but a bit faster paced and smaller scale. I like it."
76561198204810295,Not Recommended,569480,35120962,Posted: 21 September,all,jygantic,"17.8Hrs game finshed 100%Top Population 5000+So.I killed my first dragon within an hour, that needs to be fixed, or worked on, or somthing needs to be done about that.After a few quick ""learning runs"" to see how things worked, I have to say, not to bad, not to great either.Game is pleasent to the eye, music wont send you to mad intill the 10th hour or so.I relly wish there were a ""meh"" button, this game is.....mehMuch needs to be added over time, eg.Map makingMuiltplayerThings need to be fixed, eg.*Stock pathfinding/Food pathfinding (tip if you do get the game, build stockpiles and granary close and in number to production zones)*Food output for 5000+ popultation needs to be tweeked, had to build to 3000 pop, then jump it quickly to 5000 as there is no foodgrow space for above 3500 food production*Bakery is broken, orchard is usless, farms flood a bit to much early on from storms, later on would be fine.*A Dragon came and said hello at year 3, needless to say, many burnt alive.Other then that, A ""meh"" game"
76561198123397684,Recommended,569480,35116688,Posted: 21 September,all,Cumblemore,Fantastic :D
,Recommended,569480,35114203,Posted: 21 September,all,Cynthia,"Fun, easy and mindless city builder. Cute graphics and light music. You can play freebuild mode or you can play with dragon and viking invasions. I'm the kind of person who likes to play the Sims just to build houses or play Cities Skylines just to organize a city. If you're looking for a challenging game this isn't it. Also +1 to the developers for actively working on updates and promptly replying to my bug report."
,Recommended,569480,33855973,Posted: 28 July,all,Adam,Fires.  Everywhere.  Constantly.  For no reason.EDIT: They fixed/changed the fire mechanic!  2 thumbs up!
,Recommended,569480,35189882,Posted: 24 September,all,Roar Street Journal,"I've had 6-7 hours on this game, and I can say that this is a pretty good game to get into city building/resource management games. It's like any other builder with training wheels. I feel like if the developers add more resource tracks, more enemies, larger maps, and maybe an ai builder that you could fight against, it would be an even better game. Right now its just a small island and outside enemies, and gameplay gets stale after 2-3 hours. But, the devs of this game are dedicated and are adding more things. I would wait for this game to be on sale to actually purchase it or something. I would also wait a year or a year and a half before getting this game as well. Will definitely revisit this game."
76561198262867236,Recommended,569480,35168025,Posted: 23 September,all,Dave Bryan,Fun game for a while  then you get near the end of the game and its not as fun and fast pace as the begging.
,Recommended,569480,35146051,Posted: 23 September,all,Belal Hijazi,"look if your like me and like to buy a game in its early stages to see it grow change to what it consumer would like then 1 million% recomend this game. although it is a bit praicy for what it offers it will grow and justify its price. to see a recent update shows that the devs are dedicated, to be honest the only way a person keeps a game alive and healthy is to allow modding to be done by far that is my biggest critisism is that the devs would make this game moddable. this has so much potential and the nice and smooth blocky look is really icing on the cake. so down to my rating:8/10  or 4 starswhy not 10 may ask? due to the fact that there is no modding support aside from that it is a great game"
,Recommended,569480,33697561,Posted: 21 July,all,Multihack,"It's ok, a laid back version of your typical town builder.Pros and Cons:+++ Easy, simple, creative approach.+++ NIce music and sound effects+++ Building higher and higher walls gives greater tower range... all the way to the heavens.+++ Cheap- - - as of now it is limited in content.- - - it has quirks but overall nothing new. Which is disappointing.- - - clunky- - - not in Early Access, which is worrying given how little there is to do.+++ They have added some more content which pushed this review from a No, to a Yes."
76561198084127440,Recommended,569480,35159610,Posted: 23 September,all,The Pirate Wench,"So cute, I find myself getting caught up in hours of play.  The latest infrastructure update added even more interesting items, and some battle AI improvements.  10/10 would recommend."
76561198393106571,Recommended,569480,35162821,Posted: 23 September,all,Pops,"Nice! Even though there's not many stuff there is cool gamemodes and the game is pretty hard unless on easy mode.some updates i think would be cool:Sandbox: Have unlimited resources (Food, wood, stone, etc...)Mutiplayer: Fight eachother kingdoms with troopsUltra Hard Mode: Dragons, goblins, etc... will appear 300% more often and all land is not suitable for the bigger farming and happy rate is always 50% or below?"
76561198131996304,Recommended,569480,35176631,Posted: 24 September,all,Reece Patto,"Great game to play when bored or alone, although easy in both 'easy' and 'hard' mode i'd say with more developmen and perhaps some kind of coop or invasion based addon, this would easily become my favourite game.The game has simple graphics that are delivered very well, although some everyday glitches occur (A given)"
,Recommended,569480,35169452,Posted: 23 September,all,Void Chronos,"Short fun city-builder in a medival setting. Worth getting back when they'll add more content.City-size achivements beyond 1000 people look stupid, you don't even have enough space to house them all on the map."
76561198042891944,Recommended,569480,35170828,Posted: 23 September,all,Nay Nay Mossington,Loving this game so far! The Devs seem to be pretty active when it comes to updates and overall it's fun! Starting off with a peaceful run and getting my IG management skills up was fun! Then taking it a step further with the actual enemies made this game just that much better! Hope to see more soon from the devs!
,Recommended,569480,35194945,Posted: 24 September,all,ム TGTGamer ム,"This is a awesome game, plenty to do. However be warned, you'll be addicted very quickly. I exausted things to do until the next update came out, purely because I've been playing it non stop in 3x speed."
,Recommended,569480,35199645,Posted: 25 September,all,[SG] Sir Mason [TM],"Personally, this feels like an Early Access game. That's what I think it should be listed as, but for ten dollars, it sure is fun! Theres enough content to keep me busy for a 2 or 3 hours in a peacefull game. I'm sure theres more time added once you have to worry about defences. It's fun, but I still think that the developers should maybe add more before calling it a full game.This game has my support!"
76561198172134290,Recommended,569480,34924250,Posted: 13 September,all,derpiest derp derp,A good game but a little bit bigger isnlands pleaseoh and to everbody the game is still a beta!
,Recommended,569480,34947497,Posted: 14 September,all,Dynamiic,"If u liked the trailer of the game, just buy it. That's exactly what you will get and it is very good!"
,Recommended,569480,35016147,Posted: 16 September,all,Fallenhalo,this game is great! has so mutch going for it!
76561198006408987,Recommended,569480,34995756,Posted: 16 September,all,Sanguis3k,left the game running for five minutes.returned to find half my village burned down centered on the wellwhich was also burned downI am currently undergoing a mental break from how my villagers were able to burn down a well a literal stone tube filled with water10/10 would suffer irreversible mental damage again and again
,Recommended,569480,34381387,Posted: 20 August,all,Pickle Rick,fun game
,Recommended,569480,34372546,Posted: 20 August,all,TraitorGold™,"This is a really fun game. I do not think you can play this for 1000 hours....But if you like medieval games, just play this! :D+1. Funny graphics+1. Can make OWN things+1. Making fun on this game-1. If they attack you, they ur ♥♥♥♥ed, because they will come most of the time :O9/10"
,Not Recommended,569480,34392369,Posted: 21 August,all,[OFc] SemperID,"I would really like to recomend this, but I can't in it's current state. I've played 4 hours and I've done everything. There just isnt enough gameplay yet. I would think it has potential, with the minimalistic graphics and basic ai/pathfinding the potential to add new mehcanics should only be limited by the devs."
,Recommended,569480,34360172,Posted: 19 August,all,Lemmispeak,This game is really fun cant wait for updates :D
76561198064124604,Recommended,569480,34370492,Posted: 20 August,all,Martorza,"For people that want to play a quiet and peaceful game, this is the game for you. Good price to buy."
76561198279207245,Recommended,569480,34393042,Posted: 21 August,all,flugkorper,"This game has potential. It is good already, but it lacks content."
76561197972718105,Not Recommended,569480,34411920,Posted: 22 August,all,pinkGrendel,"Can't avoid the comparision with Banished. Feels like a mobile version of Banished. It might have been an innovative/new game if you hadn't play the aforementioned game, but if you have it is a poor and shallow imitation."
76561198247790462,Recommended,569480,34403862,Posted: 21 August,all,eradan55,gooder
,Recommended,569480,34404992,Posted: 21 August,all,Tan Tan The Asian Man,It's okayyy.
,Recommended,569480,34410279,Posted: 22 August,all,DubMeister,"HIt 500+ population and created a self sustaining city with every structure built, save for the manual operation of opening and closing defenses during attacks. I think I can say I ""finished the game"" at this point.Overall, it's like building and managing an ant farm except ""birds"" and other ants are trying to kill you.If you've ever played a city building game like Banished, you'll probably know what you're doing as soon as you get in. If not, that's okay too. It's pretty easy to learn what everything does.Despite the graphics simplicity, the population actually does start to take a toll on your FPS. I started to get some issues with my FPS sometime after 300+ villagers. Hopefully, this gets a fix in the future because I would love to continue my game and expand out as much as possible. One temporary fix I found was saving, exitting, and reloading the game.There is no actual ""end game"" to this really. You can keep building as much as your land and your machine lets you. It's more so whatever you make it to be. Personally, I decided that I've done enough in one save when I built all the structures, was capable of defending against 4 ogres and 8-10 Viking parties, and could no longer stand the 1-5 FPS.If there's anything I'd like to see improved on or added, I guess I'd say difficulty scaling since there's really only 3 difficulty levels (i.e. No Threats, Easy, and Hard). There are also some mechanics I noticed were non-existant that could be beneficial in key structures like healing heroes, auto tax management, priority building, etc. Could also maybe use some extra variety in things like structures. Heck, even better if they added ""theme packs."" Would love to play as a different culture.Overall, This game is more of a casual experience and as such, I'll recommend it because I did get my money's worth in playtime. It was pleasant to just sit back and watch my little city strive and grow during peacetime.Rating: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,569480,34407301,Posted: 21 August,all,Elara2 ex machina,"I don't recommend this game, not yet. This feels like early access, although they have refused to call it early access. What's there is very polished and I did enjoy my time, but this game feels far too small and the economy system is far too easy to abuse. I really wish the maps were bigger and that there was a map editor. It's a fun passtime but I honestly think it's more like a late stage beta rather than a full release game.I think you can definitely have some fun here, and I hate having to not recommend this game, but there's no ""not yet"" option. When this game is in a state where I feel that it is a complete product, I'll probably change my recommendation to a ""yes"". Very promising, and what I played I enjoyed."
,Not Recommended,569480,34487212,Posted: 25 August,all,Darknuke,"This game was fun-ish while it lasted, but the late game, once you get there, is completely boring and repetitive. It becomes increasingly less challenging and eventually I just quit. Enemies are boring, poorly conceived, have no life bars to denote how much damage you're doing, don't change as time progresses (once you get the giant, that's the last new enemy), and combat itself is painfully bad. Your own armies will let the enemy walk right passed them if they don't pass through your space, will not chase an enemy that doesn't stop to fight you, and there is only one unit type in the game and a max of 3 different groups of units. Whoever programmed the combat mechanics in this game did a very, very, very bad job. It's easily one of the worst combat systems I've seen in a strategy game, ever.Games like Factorio, Cities: Skylines, and Banished all of have deep late game organization potential. They all have massive maps to spread out into. They all have modding and variety. There is, again, no late game in this. You have such a limited amount of space that you basically get capped out and can do some optimizing, but that's not really fun because of how limited the map is.This game is a solid 5/10. It's cheap and easy to get the hang of, but once you beat it, there's honestly no reason to ever play it again.For $10, I would save your money and spend $20 on Factorio or Banished. WAY more bang for your buck."
,Recommended,569480,34491933,Posted: 25 August,all,Joesen,"it sure is fun making 300 ♥♥♥♥♥es who cant do their job right happy,i just love it when my peasents start putting up fires to their homes! 10000/10 would be dissapointed of my virtual slaves again"
76561198372088086,Recommended,569480,34371960,Posted: 20 August,all,evegrok,"Great little game.  Hopefully they continue to bring in new updates.  With expansions, this game has a lot of potential, and I do recommend this game for city builders."
,Not Recommended,569480,34491157,Posted: 25 August,all,Totallygeeky,"This is a bad version of Banished. A lot of the mechanics flat out don't make sense, and the AI reacts poorly to a lot of stuff.Buy Banished."
,Recommended,569480,34626512,Posted: 30 August,all,Green,A simple relaxing time waster for a fair price.
76561198050384522,Recommended,569480,34640806,Posted: 31 August,all,Speedy,"This game is awesome. If you like banished and you like these kind of city building ""survival"" games, this one is really good. It's not expensive (looking at similar games) and offers quiet the fun experience. The first two hours I was heavily thinking about refunding this game. There was no real challenge involved, the vikings were coming in these really small fleets but after the two first hours things changed. You realise you have just run out of food or Lots of viking ships start attacking ya.If you're looking for a game with a decent price/quality that offers decent updates in the future (Plenty of stuff still needs to be added in in order to make this game work on the long term, some stuff still lacks but this is acceptable due to the lower price) I would go and buy this lovely fun game.Pro's : Good Medieval city builder which provides a certain amount of challenge and loads of fun (You can be really creative building a medieval castlelike city)Con's : This game still lacks a ""deeper"" feeling. Content needs to be added.Verdict : Very good game with lots of potential which I think due to the sponsors will definitly come to a good end. This game has a possibly good future."
76561198104650737,Recommended,569480,34428254,Posted: 22 August,all,TragicRush,"First off ide like to say this game is fun, and simple. it curently doesnt have any totorial. witch doesnt seem needed but can help. I decided to play this game till I literally couldent expand anymore, and when I reached that point I ran into some issues. 1. being that the game would lose frames around 700 poupulation. (might just be me) 2. the vikings will only land where there is no cassel wall. so when I surrounded my entire island they just went around and died and did nothing. 3. sometims I would have a market with plenty of resourceses for my manors and they would walk all the to the others side of the map to get food or coal. so that might be an ai bug or someting. 4. the dragons become irelivent after a little bit of playing. they dont do that much damage and they can be shot down easy latter in the game. vikings get harder I think the dragon should too. in maybe incresing the amount or damage they can do. 5. the army is useles, I could spent my time and reasources on towers and defences and they would be more useful. the army soldiers were also weird to control and would not attack the vikings. They shuld aggro to nerby enimes. insted they just sit there. sometimes they worked but that was rare. 6. I think the taxs make people too unhappy. Even if they are set perfect with everyting they need and are safe they still are upset and the 2 gold tax. (witch is dum) I think thier shuld be more to the game like upgradeing stuff. Just somewhere to spend your gold. overall I enjoyed this game but it def needs some polishing and expanding."
76561198121758279,Recommended,569480,34452925,Posted: 23 August,all,Not An Otter,"It's a fun little game. It was great while I was playing it but you exhausts the content really fast. During my 7-ish hours of playing I built two cities and reached ""end game"" with both.If you have an evening to kill and want a cute city sim, this is pretty good. Requires minimal thought, pacing is good, graphics are fun. But if you are looking for a strategic city sim where the placement of each building actually matters, pass.7/10"
,Recommended,569480,34516395,Posted: 26 August,all,mR. cLEAN,"You aren't going to get 1000 hours out of the game but the time you do spend on it is well woth the $10. I wish the road map showed a better future for this game as it has a lot of growth potential, but VR and twitch integration are apperently coming before any gameplay changing updates. But I would definitely recomend."
76561198052984762,Recommended,569480,34565059,Posted: 28 August,all,Nicky Blackmarket,Great little game with charming pixel graphics. The hours pass by quickly as you play this city builder. The addition of dragons and vikings (and maybe other enemies) also lends the game a sort of tower-defense vibe. If you like the turtling aspect of RTS games you will definitely enjoy this. Recommended. Runs great on a Macbook Air 2014.
76561198079662003,Recommended,569480,34564170,Posted: 28 August,all,devilmaycry4157,Boring
,Recommended,569480,34144840,Posted: 10 August,all,>>Samurai <<,Fun game. It needs steams work shop :D
76561198354849208,Recommended,569480,34644964,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr_rits,"Kingdoms and castles is a really great game, the play style and graphics are amazing i hope this game get more updates"
,Recommended,569480,34648215,Posted: 31 August,all,CrateofmanymanyangryYoumu(s),This game is quite good. I enjoy both the simple and fun parts while still liking the unexpected. It's worth the low cost for sure.
76561198098346078,Not Recommended,569480,33690492,Posted: 21 July,all,EviLFaCe,"I liked it and recommended this game on the first day I played. This is all because I saw a big potential in this game and more contents. After a few months, there hasn't been any major update or any news. I no longer recommend in this state.===================Previous review on DAY-1Very nice game with enjoyable experience and enough tension throughout the game. The only cons I can think of is the optimisation. Though the game graphic looks simple, it does get quite slow when the population grows. Maybe this is something the developers could improve in future."
,Recommended,569480,34647565,Posted: 31 August,all,VoS | FlagrantPilgrim,"Great fun, and the price really is right.Not really much to say. It's a pretty simple city building game. There are hazards in the form of lighting, dragons and viking attacks. The first several times one of these happens, you'll lose a good chunk of your city. There's not much you can do until you're a few hours and 75+ population in. The wall-building system is different, but not revolutionary. It's a positive addition to the experience.Not many complaints. Runs well, looks great, the music is fun. The main point is the price. Ten bucks is very reasonable, and a big publisher would probably charge at least double for this game. Grab it while you can."
76561198125019726,Recommended,569480,34647719,Posted: 31 August,all,TBretz,"Very good game, I don't usually leave reviews but i'll make an exception for this game. It's very well designed with enough to do while also being very simple. I'd recommend to anyone who likes a relaxing but challenging game, or enjoys clash of clans type games. 10/10"
76561198026635584,Recommended,569480,34606053,Posted: 30 August,all,Runo,Great little Kindom maker .
76561197963682051,Recommended,569480,34562813,Posted: 28 August,all,Fillthee,"Found this game to be fun and enjoyable. lets hope the developer doesnt put VR / Twitch  support in front of more content. The game is crying out for content to be added.  Otherwise as I stated, game is fun to play and helds 10-12 hours of play in its current form for me."
76561197993837761,Recommended,569480,34640454,Posted: 31 August,all,Nagic,"Maybe I'm crazy -hefk ocourse i am- but I wanna give Kingdoms and Castles two big ole' thumbs up. Now, the other reviews are correct. It's a $10 game, it's a simple game. But if you're looking for something super layed back and wonderful to mess around with, then look no further.Pros-simple to learn-fun to look at-great names-music is bombin-three scales of difficulty that range from 'no enemies' to 'ogres will show up and destroy everything'-the miggler-if you're crazy -like me- then you'll come up with backstories for your kingdoms and it'll be greatCons-no poop display-no god avatarsif you played black & white 2 and liked it then this is basically that but with less peter molyneux"
,Recommended,569480,34659278,Posted: 1 September,all,Mezzaroon,"Nice one, really enjoyed it"
76561198122513794,Recommended,569480,34839712,Posted: 9 September,all,brenningtx,"Personally, the gameplay is fantastic and fun. I love a casual game that I can get my hands on easily that has just the right graphics and expansion-like building. This is easily worth the $10 price tag.However, I would also like NO increase in price unless the developers add more content. Content perhaps similar to fishing industry or more land farming to make. Perhaps an easier interface for controlling military. Several maps in one save file? A way to change the difficulty to match your playing speed? Quests, even, to undertake. For now, the game is, while fun, feeling hollow without more aspects. I easily filled an entire map - including filling in the bays with piers to make water cities - with little to no difficulty within six hours. That's not bad, there should just be more challenges."
76561198058911068,Recommended,569480,34828579,Posted: 8 September,all,Feudal Wulf,"If you like building towns but want something less complex, get this. It's relaxing, even without a whole lot to build it's still nice to build a town, if you're really into that in a not nearly, Simcity complex way. Which I am, I love building towns.Just, make sure you expect bugs, and awful mechanics. I feel the fire mechanic is a meme, it's akin to dropping atomic bombs on helpless villagers. Viking invaders becoming submarines. I'm told this will be changed in the next update though."
76561198099460757,Recommended,569480,34822818,Posted: 8 September,all,AwesomePizza138,"I came here from an Evening with Sips, and I decided to buy this game. Easily one of the best purchases I've made in my four years on Steam. The gameplay simple yet highly enjoyable, and it keeps me coming back for more. Can't wait to see what else is in store for this game!"
,Recommended,569480,34843250,Posted: 9 September,all,mboog12,"The game is beautiful and relaxing. Also, building your defenses was the most satisfying mechanic in the whole game.It does lack some depth, and some features are still wip.  But the price is good for what it's packing."
76561198095885704,Recommended,569480,34852399,Posted: 9 September,all,0_0,For those people who say this game lacks content....this is a fairly new game still. More Content will be added as time goes by.  Overall this game has a basic concept and has a good look. If your not sure and are looking in the reviews thinking if you should buy it or not. Well go on youtube and look up gameplay.
76561198161745323,Recommended,569480,34852519,Posted: 9 September,all,LachlanTheGreat1,Best game ever recommend to any city builder fans
76561198368766118,Recommended,569480,34848857,Posted: 9 September,all,IcemanAdam,"For $10 it doesnt feel like youre getting robbed at least. Its fun for a while but with the overall lack of depth and replay value it makes this game difficult to enjoy more than a couple times through. A multiplayer incorporation where you set up a castle battle against your friend could add unlimited fun to a game like this. Overall its very fun, just dont expect too much."
76561197993589224,Recommended,569480,34900969,Posted: 12 September,all,Draco,This is nice simple fun game to play. Best way to explain it is Simcity for Medieval time period.Played for about an hour and didnt notice I been playing for 3. For the price tag it you really cant go wrong.
,Recommended,569480,34897384,Posted: 12 September,all,Vix,Addicting to say the least.
,Not Recommended,569480,33825281,Posted: 26 July,all,SauceAndToss,"It's fun for a few hours, but there's just not enough content as it stands right now to make it interesting. Once you survive a few attacks and expand a bit, it just becomes tedious and loses a lot of its fun"
76561198043194531,Recommended,569480,34852438,Posted: 9 September,all,Wahooz,"Such a great game.  A lot of the negative reviews talk about the game not having a lot of depth and such, but I for one enjoy the simplicity of the game.  It's very fun!  Would reccomend!"
,Recommended,569480,34785039,Posted: 6 September,all,ConnorJMC1,"Good Graphics, and very addicting"
76561198389696250,Recommended,569480,34994636,Posted: 16 September,all,Thomas_The_Dank_Engine,"I would recommend this game to anyone, it is fun and interesting, and with the new updates there will hopefully be a lot more content"
76561198201749229,Recommended,569480,34997234,Posted: 16 September,all,Captain jar jar binks,nice
76561197984698798,Recommended,569480,34990928,Posted: 16 September,all,RatedR,"Cracking Little game, enjoyable and and relaxing. nothing is really great (but for the look) but works well, feels abit like a ANNO game but without the fluff and better combat (which I played as almost a TD )"
,Recommended,569480,35010666,Posted: 16 September,all,A\\ BOT Monkey,id rather buy games like these than food
,Recommended,569480,35009662,Posted: 16 September,all,Timmy Boy,"Put simply; this game is fun. If you like games like Sim City, then you will enjoy this one. It has a lot of things to do, with either an easy mode where you can enjoy the game without the aggressive A.I; or you can choose to fight them back in the harder game modes. For the 10 dollar price tag, its a good deal. They are updating the game with new things on a fairly regular basis, so over time you will always have something new to do."
,Recommended,569480,35008556,Posted: 16 September,all,Zanderthaw,"I've played many games in this genre before and out of them this one definitely stands out. It has an arcade feel to it that left me feeling warm, especially with the relaxing almost cartoony graphics. After you've spent sometime in the game building you begin to get attacked by vikings or dragons which forces you to focus on better defenses. Yes some of your village will get destroyed but it's not enough to make you want to give up. For me the destruction just made me want to play more to improve my kingdom. Overall great game! 8/10"
76561198099680205,Recommended,569480,35003599,Posted: 16 September,all,DiShadow,♥♥♥♥in' ace
,Recommended,569480,35013830,Posted: 16 September,all,chakrit,"Great way to kill some time. Game could use more depth, though."
,Recommended,569480,35032775,Posted: 17 September,all,Noy,"Really like this game, it just works. It's too bare bones right now but it is really satisfying and with better enemies it will be great."
76561198010175354,Recommended,569480,35022116,Posted: 17 September,all,MiniGriff,For the price the game is solid to play. After playing the game for over 24 hours and reading the reviews I can agree that the game lacks futher content to grab the players attention. Granted the game is still newly developed it might take time for new content to be implemented.
,Recommended,569480,35034009,Posted: 17 September,all,Amezyarak,"Good game, I recommend it. A lot of the other comments are right - not a lot of content right now, but that's no slight for early access. Regardless, it's current state is a rock solid foundation for a game.As city builders go, it's novelty lies more in the external elements to your city (e.g. Viking attacks) and the options for fortification than building the city itself - I think they should keep developing along these lines by providing new attackers or more ways to interact with a world outside of the map, but that's just me.As I said, nothing spectacular about the actual building of the city. Production lines and population needs are straightforward. Graphics provide distinction among other city builders, most of which go for more detail and realism than cartoonish glamor. Kingdoms and Castles' graphics, however, set a fun tone that make the game's relative simplicity (it is a rather straight forward game in its current state) more enjoyable. Also, just realized the noun form of simple is simpl-city, which describes the cities you'll build in this game, haha.I'd also like to say that a 10.00 purchase point is fantastic, especially for a game that I hope continues to flesh itself out. Lots of potential here."
,Recommended,569480,35042995,Posted: 18 September,all,danskmacabre,"For a tenner it's great value.Nice, relaxing city simple builder.Needs bigger maps though."
,Recommended,569480,35038988,Posted: 17 September,all,Ishrokgutar,"Great game, I hope it continues to Expand!"
76561198053271600,Recommended,569480,35030345,Posted: 17 September,all,karlmattsmith,Appears that irrigation from norias is lost when resuming a saved game.
,Recommended,569480,35036054,Posted: 17 September,all,Nut Zach,Good game.  Needs mod support and more content.  Few bugs.
76561197968830245,Recommended,569480,35036109,Posted: 17 September,all,FuzzyAnimator,"Fun and relaxing, with just a touch of challenge.  If you're looking for a sim game similar to SimCity for the Nintendo 64 (sim lite, basically) then this is it."
,Recommended,569480,35021733,Posted: 17 September,all,jburdass900,this game is amazin only 31 mins in the game and i love it. 1 question- are we going to get bigger islands
76561198331917283,Recommended,569480,35017540,Posted: 17 September,all,Jack,"As you see,Kingdoms and Castles is a game about how to make the plan of your cities. I think the age of this game should be the Middle Ages, and I really like the building style of this period. Kingdoms and Castles does not make me disappointed, the models of orchard, castles and different kinds of public structures attract me so much in this game.In Kingdoms and Castles, you have to consider population increasing and distribution of the work carefully. Otherwise, you must the problems about famine, nobody building the new architecture for you and no one mining the resources.If you can not solve these problems as fast as you can, the residents of your cities will reduce their happiness speedy and leave your cities.Dragon and Vikings are the main enemies of this game, you can defeat them by arrow towers, but I think the system of soldiers and heroes need to be improved in Kingdoms and Castles.Finally, if you like planning your own cities with Middle Agess style, I recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,569480,34695931,Posted: 2 September,all,KadinPlayz,"I love this game, I really do. The game has a nice strategy set up to it, and keeps you on your feet. I have enjoyed my 15 hours of gameplay. Which sadly the game really only has around 3 hours of content. If you like city building games, get this one. The one thing that needs to be done is updates. We havn't recieved an update for the game in about a month now, and the last update only fixed a few bugs. So again if you like city building games I do recommend this one, but if you want a city building game that is harder and has a lot more of content to it, get Banished."
76561198352158753,Recommended,569480,34727752,Posted: 3 September,all,Stormaggeden,Its a cute game. Nice if you like slow resource building simulation games. Its probably not the best one of its type. It defiently could grow and add on a few more features. It feels a little limited. But its cute and not expenisive. So I recommend it.
76561198127885843,Recommended,569480,34794890,Posted: 7 September,all,Kobey,"A fun game that reminds me more of the original Settlers than anything.Keep in mind this is more of a basic / beginning sim city builder than war wager but looks like the developers are keen to expand it down the road so things will change over time.By that I mean you'd be better off thinking of it akin to a tower defense game apposed to something like Medieval Warfare.  Only real use for armies that I can see is occasionally sending them out to rescue captured villagers because you'd be far better served with the people, money and resources spent on ballista's.  Then no one needs rescuing.The graphics are simple however very well done in how they build and look and I actually enjoy zooming in behind a dragon to view it's attack and subsequent slaughter as it flies over the city.Only real nit-picks I have are:-Better highlighting for building radius-Bell / Alarm tower (or a hotkey to toggle next ""same"" building).  Early game you cannot afford to constantly man defenses and build so you end up spending a lot of time at the initial attack ""closing"" buildings to free up population to then ""open"" defenses.  And even mid-game when you have idle workers the balance between money and happiness still means you tend to leave defenses unmanned.Thus the ""Alarm Bell"" suggestion to send all idle into the towers.Mid-late game you will find you're pretty much worry free and then it becomes more about city design / max pop which is one thing I should mention.  I very much like the fact attackers are based on population size. Means you can literally wipe out every building you have ever made and in effect start over even if it's year 500.For $10 this is one of the best and most enjoyable bang for the buck games I've played."
,Recommended,569480,34781642,Posted: 6 September,all,galactic emperor gerald,"its pretty casual and fun but needs updates and more contentonly cons are that your knights will not fight on their own and you need to control all individually, and most of the time they just let enemies walk through them, archer towers are much more useful.you also dont get rewards for fighting off vikings and dragons which is pretty horriblenot enough variety either, i would like to have an ogre so that i actually stand a chance against enemy ogres. you cannot clear a large area of trees at once and you have to click them one by one which is tedious.its cheap  too"
,Recommended,569480,35462894,Posted: 3 October,all,Luneli,"So I just hit 100% achievements and probably won't touch it again. Overall, I do not regret buying it, and there was fun to be had.I have mixed feelings on it. It's very engrossing in that early game city builder flash, but once you get the hang of things there's no real motivation to play - unless you're going for full achievements. I did enthusiastically enjoy it for the first 4-6 hours; however, the rest of the game was rinse and repeat. The only true challenge was the hard limit to tile spaces when aiming for that Kingdom of the Gods achievement.I do not see myself starting another fresh game as I feel like there really are not any other experiences to be had at this point."
76561198332576224,Recommended,569480,35461050,Posted: 3 October,all,admardoth,A fun game with great mechanics and a fun premiseProsFunGood AIAesthetically pleasingseemingly (to me) infinite replayabilitygood musiclots of challengesat its core it is a resource management (some may see that as a downside)ConsWould like to see more endgame type stuffthe big dragons don't appear anymore (for me at least)would like to see a setting where you could target your armies to follow viking gangswould like something stronger than a ballista (maybe some stronger enemies too)would like a system where you could expand your kingdom
76561198030336925,Recommended,569480,35482025,Posted: 4 October,all,Flashand,"Ok, well. I purchased game thinking ok ill try it out as it looks good.couple hours later i realise that .. i didnt just play a few min like i intended. AHH !hit, have to go pick up minions!! wait im late CRAP!!So in short, poor grafics are not an issue. Ya they suck but the game is reasonably good.Can you hear my addiction building? No then you havnt played yet!"
76561197965539023,Recommended,569480,35482131,Posted: 4 October,all,Al,"Pretty nice medieval city builder. Graphics are apeeling and the gameplay is fun and fluid. For the moment though there is very little content. Probably arround 4 to 8 hours of enjoyment. If you manage to get a big city and army you're golden. There is pretty much notting else to do for the moment. Patch are comming regularely with a little more content each time. Devs are active and the game continue to grow. Does it worth 10 box? For some yes for other it might be a little overpriced for the amount of content for the moment. But like I said there is more comming weeks after weeks. Overall a pretty decent little medival city builder. If you like the genre, go for it. You won't be desapointed."
,Recommended,569480,35492150,Posted: 5 October,all,XerwatzyL,I'ts a very fun and simple builder game. I completed all of the steam achievements in 11 hours.It is worth your money if you like this type of games.
76561198141654953,Recommended,569480,35479724,Posted: 4 October,all,SkrimCorp,10/10 drains my life
76561198125476726,Recommended,569480,35498338,Posted: 5 October,all,Hugo,Very good game! Fun to play until you beat it.
,Recommended,569480,35501287,Posted: 5 October,all,The Great Salemun,"This game is amazing, i spent so much time with it.Though i'd really love to see more updates, its still missing some features!I can only hope for multiplayer & a map editor in the future."
76561198349058330,Recommended,569480,35503782,Posted: 5 October,all,Golden Apple,Great game for a good price the graphics are amazing i recomend getting it.
76561198105646618,Recommended,569480,35506670,Posted: 5 October,all,BloomerBro,This game is really fun and has a very steep learning curve.  It's fun to compare against friends and also has a lot of potential.  Can't wait for more content!!!
76561198386051493,Recommended,569480,35505968,Posted: 5 October,all,n.thwaites456,"Hi Lion shield or Kingdoms and Castles all i have to say is that you have a amazing game like for real i love it. But i want to tell you what i think you should add in next update. What you should add are boats our kingdom should be able to deploy boats. Another thing you should add is musketers, spearmen, calvary, bowman, catupults,and cannons. Also walls shouldn't be able to break that easily by ogres so probably give walls a litte more health and also add garrisons so we won't have to train an army to defend against vikings and ogres. Another thing add a way for you to make your own flag. Also since we have the norias, aqeuducts and etc we should have a way to change salt water to fresh water. I may have more ideas to add in the future but for now that is it. Last thing i have to say is this is a nice game and keep up the good work. :)"
