user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,569430,28489702,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,b`,solid indie horror game from a friendly and dedicated developper.There was a bug for me that made me crash after the prologue but the developper updated a fix straight away after I posted about it.
,Recommended,569430,28460935,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,RuпicWulf,"This game is a work of art for a Horror indie.The solo dev working on it is quite active and has plans laid out for it's future that I can't wait to see.The first level though no demon had my nerves on end with the atmosphere and lighting are set perfectly with a well driven story. I would recommend this to everyone with a taste for scary and even the ones that are not.This is a wonderful indie game and will be getting it again in the near future!9/10, Would get a 10 but it crashes like heck for me"
,Not Recommended,569430,28704637,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,wshand,"In Demon's Game - Episode 1, you are sent on a mission by the devil himself to eliminate four demons gone rogue. Shortly into the game you find yourself in a sewer flipping numerous switches to open doors. So many switches, so many doors. I believe the whole mission is actually a ruse by the devil and he has simply sent you to hell. A boring and banal existence, trapped in a terrible world where everything you do is meaningless. Also there's some voice-overs."
,Recommended,569430,32077503,Posted: 30 May,all,Sober Mans Secret,A great debut from an up and coming developer. The game plays smoothly and unlike a lot of other horror games relies on tension and not a constant flurry of jump scares. Well worth a look if horror FPS is your genre of choice but if not i'd say that given it's price point it's really worth a look for all those out there that are either learning game development or it's something that they are aspiring to.8\10
,Not Recommended,569430,29835465,Posted: 10 February,all,bluenorangecat,"Not unique as described seems rather generic running through corridors (in this case a sewer) finding switches and where to put switches to make it to the next level, starts of a story (though what a group of men working in a sewer 24/7 are doing there I'm not too sure, I didn't make to the finish) but there's not really enough to keep me interested, why do I care about john and dave? I don't there's nothing to them. reminds me of a closed in rake that chases you till you work out the switch puzzle and get to the level exit.Positives? I like the voice over on the notes, not that it was the best, kind of cheesey in places, but it was good not having to read every note. The idea is there and it could have some potential if it gets out of the small corridors adds more atmosphere and buffed the monster  to somehow actually scare.All in all in it's current state I don't recommend it, needs a lot of work and rethinking."
,Recommended,569430,28470973,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ProofreadFire,A really nice looking game for an indie game. the graphics are amazing and the atmosphere is really scary. i hope he continues to make the next episodes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_flkUieKmc&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,569430,30420491,Posted: 9 March,all,Tharwidu,"Overall it's a pretty good game. Especially for an indie horror game.There were a few graphical issues I notice near the end,Like the Demon standing mid-air in the elevator. Also the weird block that spawns in the doorway to the exit.The dialogue was spoken fairly well, I do think I came across one or two grammatical errors though. I did come across an area where I got launched out of a doorway for no discernable reason.Some improvements I'd recommend:- DEFINITELY add a manual save mechanic of some sort.- Add a journal for the notes we come across to reference.- Try to dive into the characters a little more?There were like three or four other people named, but not much story behind who they even were in relation to Markus, Vincent, and the Demon. This could confuse some players.- The crouch mechanic seemed completely untapped. I was introduced to it in the begining, but it doesn't help reduce sound (at least it appeared that way), it was buggy trying to move on anything that wasn't flat (stairs, planks, etc.), and it didn't seem to reduce sight from the Demon (from what I could tell).- Batteries: Why let us pick them up if our flashlight is fully juiced? They don't get stock piled. Also several instances where the batteries were picked up, but the battery didn't dissapear.-you had a room with three exits, however it appeared there was no reason to go to exit 1 and exit 2 remained locked. I'd recommend going through exit 1 be made mandatory to go through exit 3. This way that area of the game will be explored and not ignored.- Volume controls would be nice, as well as other options mentioned in other reviews.Again, overall it was a pretty good indie horror game. I'm excited for the next episode!7/10 - Would play again"
,Not Recommended,569430,29937393,Posted: 15 February,all,Seaniemaurice,I've refunded this. I normally do a video review for each game I play but this was SOOOO boring I have very little to say.lIn the 30 minutes I spent playing this I ran around a series of the same looking sewers using the same assets whilst mediocre voice acting played whilst I read journal entries. I also had to do that typical thing of finding a series of levers and pulling them... nothing about this was fun. I couldn't even bring myself to bother with a review. It was THAT boring.Don't bother....
,Recommended,569430,28459480,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Josh,"The atmosphere, pacing, and tension are extremely well-done.  It's like ""Amnesia"" meets ""Doom"" meets ""Alien Isolation"".  I got scared and fell in acid water while being chased by a monster.  Would fall in acid again."
76561197998640294,Recommended,569430,30105275,Posted: 22 February,all,Wuluigi,"A demon's game - episode 1 is a horror game that focuses on bringing a scary atmosphere that makes you feel uneasy, and a story with different branches that makes the game replayable for you to witness different outcomes of the story. I streamed the game so I had a few friends watching and we enjoyed the game together, and the game really nails the horror atmosphere. The game has pretty good voice acting and interesting lore and story.the cons however were:-Predictable AI patrolling pattern: It became clear to me after a while and thus I could always know where the AI was on the map-Crashes: I only encountered two or three, but still.-the ending: a bit underwhelming, I feel like maybe the AI didn't act like it was supposed to, for me, but it made the end level a bit boring for me.Overall a solid indie game that does what it promises! :D"
76561198076346059,Not Recommended,569430,29838474,Posted: 10 February,all,E.C. Mann,"A Demon’s Game: Episode 1, developed by RP Studios is… well… it’s a first person survival horror game on Steam. That’s really the best way I can put it.Here’s the deal: You play as Daniel, an average human picked specifically by the Devil to do his dirty work. Apparently, the Devil, or “Lucy” as her prefers to be called, has gotten tired of hunting rouge demons, so he’s employed your sorry a** to do it for him! Things open up with an admittedly funny monologue given to you by the Devi- I mean Lucy. And before you can say “is there gonna be a sewer level,” you’re dropped headfirst into a sewer level! From here, it’s your job to hunt down this demon and put him in his place.Graphics are nice with just the right amount of greenish-dark undertones and enough light to see straight, which is actually a huge plus in this day and age. I can’t tell you how many horror games I’ve played that are darker than death itself, so I’m happy to say that Demon’s Game doesn’t suffer the same problem. There's also a wonky physics mechanic akin to Amnesia, but it doesn’t serve any purpose beyond merely existing. Kinda felt like it was just thrown in because it's something other good horror games have to offer.Buuuuuuuuut it isn’t all smiles and sunshine here. Demon’s Game is unremarkable, uninteresting, and most of all, it isn’t scary, especially when the monster glitches into a wall every time it tries to pursue you. The puzzles are cookie cutter (pull some switches, find item and use it, etc.) and I had no desire to press on after just half an hour. For a game as short as this, that’s a serious problem.But as mentioned previously, the game is buggy, and had this not been so – had it functioned the way the devs intended it to – I MIGHT'VE been able to forgive the flaws. But these bugs, albeit few, ruined the entire thing for me. Yes, the monster glitched without fail three times in a row. It got so bad that I tried to lure the thing into killing me, but no matter what, it somehow managed to get stuck. Crouching is also a pain, seeing as how you can’t walk through any doorway without getting stuck yourself. And to top it off, even when the monster DOES work properly, it runs along a predetermined path, accompanied by what might be the silliest running animation of all time. This game just isn’t good. Period.Obviously, there’s gonna be a sequel. Whether it fixes the problems of its predecessor or falls even further is beyond me. Until then, we’ll just have to wait and see. But for now, veer clear of Demon’s Game."
,Recommended,569430,29050763,Posted: 5 January,all,Nightshade {]PH[},I just finished playing this game through and I have to say that it is totally awesome. I love it. Its suspense to the max and a total thriller. I definately recommend this one. Its early access and is and will be a great game. So should you buy it...hell ya. Enjoy everyone!
76561198062085771,Not Recommended,569430,33738657,Posted: 23 July,all,matt19852085,Didnt like this game the batteries for the flashlight are the worst I have ever had in a horror game they also drain there power if you pause the game.I cannot recommend this game for entertainment value.
76561198053287336,Recommended,569430,30056651,Posted: 20 February,all,nKidu,"I recently had the pleasure of playing through the official full release of the first episode of 'A Demon's Game' and have come to the conclusion that this game is not bad at all, at least if you set your expectations right. This is no Resident Evil 7 and no Outlast, it's the first game published by a one-man studio and should be treated as such. It has potential and it certainly has a certain charme that many other indie games lack.That being said, there are some problems of course. The AI seems suboptimal, often not really acting in any reasonable way and at times even ruining the immersion. The puzzles are neat, but the second half of the game seems almost rushed. There are many wide, open areas that are, essentially, empty and serve no real purpose and it sometimes seems as if the developer had changed his mind a few times regarding this episode's conclusion.I have not encountered many meaningful choices in my playthrough, but I was not thorough enough to claim that there are none - quite the contraty: Looking at the Steam Achievements, there seems to be much left for me to explore on subsequent playthroughs.Although the game is rough around the edges and could need some additional polishing, I'd still recommend this game. Not necessarily because it is such a mindblowingly great gaming experience (it's definitly okay though), but because the developer deserves some recongintion and support for this project. This series should continue, but it needs to improve in a few areas.If you are interested in my experience with the game, check out this video as an appetizer:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WE1U-6DjgbY&t"
,Recommended,569430,30282023,Posted: 2 March,all,The YELLiTOR,"The game looks great. The ambience is eerie and ominous. And if you want to see for yourself, watch the LETS PLAY belowhttps://youtu.be/rPaj58WwrCs"
,Recommended,569430,29156375,Posted: 9 January,all,AaronThePaladin,"I've been following this game and doing playthroughs for YouTube for little over a year and it just keeps getting better and better. There are still a few bugs and crashes but keep in mind; only one person is developing this game. However, overall A Demons Game is intesne and creepy with how it deals out its horror. It keeps true to what a game needs to be, little jumpscares and more paranoia and chase sequences that pop out of nowhere. If you want less jumpscares and more adrenaline, then I would reccomend you get this game!"
76561198004310606,Recommended,569430,29949206,Posted: 15 February,all,Cataclysm,"My first impression of this game is that it's more polished than I expected.  There are objectives and tutorialization, decent sound design and voice acting.  It's pretty cool, I made a video for anyone who wants a peak at the game.https://youtu.be/u9u0kryuDHw"
,Recommended,569430,29881474,Posted: 12 February,all,Abstract,"Walkthrough for people who prefer seeing gameplayhttps://youtu.be/FsUyHb4eEVcLet's see....I actually enjoyed it. I enjoy story-driven games, and I feel like this one really hit the ball out the park with it's atmosphere. Now, I'm not saying the game is perfect, but the pros outweigh the consPros - Good story - can't wait for more.The Atmosphere - I was hesistant to turn around any and all corners. The sounds and especially the setting really set it off.Voice acting - It was suprisingly good for an indie game. I don't know how many people did the voice acting for each character, but good job.Cons -Not enough challenge - Now, I'm not saying the game was easy. As I said, I was terrified. It's just that I felt that for as small of an area each room was, there were way too many batteries. I feel the game would've benefited from the challenge of having to be resourceful with our flashlights, instead of almost every 1-2 minutes finding a new battery or even two in the same room.That was really the only con I had, It was short, but sweet. I enjoyed it:)"
,Not Recommended,569430,30233838,Posted: 27 February,all,^4W^7ar^4M^7achine,"After I heard the devil call himself Lucy, I knew I was in for some trash.Looks great, cannot deny that,control is pretty good as well.Story, voice over, bordeom. Lets find keys, no wait switchesFFS already got 2 refunds today, all I can do is uninstall."
,Recommended,569430,28610720,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SuperJBGAMER,"I played the full episode and nowing that there are gunna be more episodes in the future makes me more excited for the game.Thought it was creepy in parts good atmosphere um... sorry if its not a good review but its worth a buy very well made for just one guy, also i will put the playlist of my videos below if your interested in looking at the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FEu9VCqIhs&list=PLvuipqtpiW_kOiYMPCGRgEvR3Bom6TytU"
,Recommended,569430,29854505,Posted: 11 February,all,Kronberg,I enjoyed this game because of:You get to meet Lucifer.You get to sneak around demons.You have to solve puzzles.You will be jumpscared!I've made a gameplay review for you:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHu2y3mARt8
,Not Recommended,569430,28488225,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DoctorChocolate,"Version 5: Just some random human, facing off against the king of hell.A boring, broken, poorly thrown-together mish-mash of store bought assets, bad writing, goofy dialog and painful trial/error mechanics. Created by a slick-talking con artist boasting non-exsistant features who has a long history of plagerism, fraud, piracy and even lashes out at paying customers. He routinely passes off other peoples hard work as his own, and even tried to sell stolen content on the Leadwerks Workshop until he was permabanned. No fear or fun to be had here. Most of the positive reviews are either his close friends, other developers, or alternate accounts. You've been warned!List of stock/bought assets being sold back to you:http://arteria3d.myshopify.com/products/modern-sewer-packhttp://www.turbosquid.com/3d-models/demons-unity-engines-max/793805http://arteria3d.myshopify.com/products/unity-dungeon-levelVersion 1: Flagged as 'Off-Topic'Version 2: Flagged as 'Abusive'Version 3: Flagged as 'Abusive'Version 4: Flagged as 'Abusive'Version 5: Flagged as 'Abusive'Footnote: Developer now accusing me of spreading lies about his game.Ban notification from a A Demon's Game - Episode 1 developerYou have been banned from A Demon's Game - Episode 1 DiscussionsBan Reason: Reporting issues is one thing, ♥♥♥♥♥ing for no reason is another, I don't need to deal with your constant torment. I tried fixing things the good way, you didn't let me. This is a permanent ban."
